I can truly say that baby is ugly.
That baby will have slept five hours by noon.
Look at that red building.
That red tie doesn't go with your suit. Why don't you wear the green one?
That red dress becomes her.
That red sweater looks good on you.
That blue-white shining star is Sirius.
The young man was extremely money hungry.
Please look at the girl who wore the blue clothes.
That blue one is also mine.
That student is Tom.
That politician is full of ambition.
That politician is well versed in internal and external conditions.
The politician receives on Wednesdays.
That politician is by no means honest.
That politician is an old fox.
That politician has come down in the world since the so-called "Recruit scandal" was publicized.
The politician is as slippery as an eel!
That politician won't meet you unless you grease his palm.
What that politician said is not at all true.
That swimsuit looks really good on you.
I don't feel well after drinking that water.
Driving through that snowstorm was a nightmare.
Have you any idea who he is?
They are weary of their tedious work.
They have been working on the new building.
They must have suspected me of stealing.
What do they deal in?
They indulged in mahjong.
You can rely on their coming on time.
You can't count on their help.
It'll be useless to stand against them.
They are free from care and anxiety.
He's going to have a heart attack.
I hear that popular group will be disbanded.
He thinks me unkind, too.
He is not very fast at making friends.
Is she all right?
He is delightful.
He is an authority on physics.
He is a saint of a man.
He is hard to deal with.
He's the man that was here last week.
He is sixty, if a day.
People say she was an actress when she was young.
He is not really a friend, just an acquaintance.
It seems that he believes what he said is right.
That man is in love with my sister.
He is watching my every move.
He was critical of me.
He seems very hard on me, but he is really a very kind man.
He might be our new teacher.
He is our boss, and must be treated as such.
That's the man I've been waiting for a week.
He is only a passing chance acquaintance.
He says one thing and means another.
He is a cheerful old man.
I know him by name, but not by sight.
That person has a mole at the side of his eye.
How is he getting along with his school work?
I feel awkward in his presence.
He is always in the background.
He is a doctor and a university professor.
He may be a good man for all I know.
That man bows to me as if he knew me.
He is a man of striking individuality.
She remained my best friend till her dying day.
Tell me what that man is like.
He must be Tom's brother.
How long is he going to stay in Japan?
He makes a bad impression.
He's a man who doesn't make mistakes.
He easily gets angry.
He's been a patron of this store for many years.
That person will be read out of our club.
She looks young because of her makeup, but she is already more than forty years old.
He is a man who can always be trusted.
Nothing has been heard from him since he left for America.
He doesn't have long to live.
That man is too boastful for my liking.
He is far from suitable for that job.
Will he be able to come tomorrow?
Don't worry. He may look intimidating at first glance, but he's actually a very friendly person.
He had the impudence to cut across our garden.
Her daughter is bad at cooking.
I was distrustful of his motives.
I can't hold up my head before him.
Although the man's ideas are sound, because he can't express them well, he doesn't have a ghost of a chance of getting them accepted.
I cannot place confidence in his words.
Something in his face really reminded me of an old boyfriend of mine.
His singing outdoes a professional.
His house is near the subway.
His wife speaks Spanish as well as English.
People notice every move he makes.
He is not much to look at, I guess.
Shall I buy some for him?
Let's ask him.
I'm not about to ask him.
I'm rather hesitant about asking him a favor.
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
He has knowledge, and experience as well.
I remember meeting that man at Cambridge before.
I am too amazed at him to say anything.
I haven't met him properly yet.
It will be rather difficult for him.
There were some unsavory rumors about him.
I suggest that you should write him a thank-you letter.
I am sick and tired of him.
It's easy for that man to compose a good poem.
You're better off not getting in his way!
I lent him some money, but he hasn't returned it yet.
Our meeting like that is probably the kind of thing that only happens once.
Every time you go out with him, it seems to rain. So we call him the rain man.
Don't get mixed up with those people.
Are you acquainted with the man?
He's so moody I have trouble keeping up with him.
He's the type who doesn't worry about details.
Those men are of a generation.
I often go fishing with them.
I wonder who they are.
They say that I'm an old woman.
They live in the house opposite to ours.
They are just going to the store over there.
They must have been overcome by the recent disasters.
Their baby is able to walk already.
Their hut is situated in the valley.
Their trouble stems from a trifling matter.
I wanted to show them my appreciation.
Will you help me give out the programs to those people?
It was rather easy for them.
I feel uncomfortable with those people.
May they live long!
Are those the people you saw yesterday?
While they were away on holiday, their neighbours looked after the dog.
As soon as they return, I will telephone you.
I hope neither of them was injured in the crash.
I don't know who that man is.
I don't know who the man is.
No one informed me of his failure.
He cannot be a poet.
He is directly above me.
That's the woman who wants to see you.
How long is it since you heard from him?
What happened to him?
I think it strange that he should lose his temper over that.
He reminds me of his father when he speaks.
Without him our company would cease to function.
That is the American about whom we talked yesterday.
I heard she brushed him off, saying "Let's just be friends."
That guy always goes over people's heads to get what he wants.
Who is that gentleman?
How hard he works!
That gentleman must be a doctor.
How did you come to know that gentleman?
That new company could flatten the competition.
That new movie was a bummer.
The food is sensational at that new restaurant.
Please let me off on this side of that traffic light.
I was at a loss what to do on that occasion.
That castle is beautiful.
That castle was built in ancient times.
The star which shines up there is Jupiter.
That boy is his brother.
That boy has good brains.
The young boy got sticky fingers when he walked into stores.
That boy is running.
The boy tried moving the heavy sofa.
That boy has black hair.
The young man is a handsome figure.
That boy is speaking English.
That boy often breaks our windows with a ball.
Is that boy Tom or Ben?
That boy is Tony, isn't he?
The boy seems to be coming in this direction.
That boy hit her child on purpose.
That boy's name is Shintaro Wada.
That boy's hair is black.
Those boys are in the first flush of youth.
How lazy those boys are!
Those boys are not good at speaking to these girls.
That girl is certainly a hard worker.
That girl is more cute than beautiful.
Who's that girl?
That girl is under the delusion that she is a princess.
That girl's eyes are blue.
The small retail outlet is only a front for a much larger entity.
That path is apt to be muddy after rain.
That novel was widely read.
That primary school has a strong soccer team.
That hut is crawling with lizards and insects.
That small star is brightest.
That little girl is my sister's friend.
That small one is also mine.
I'd still be spinning my wheels if I hadn't gotten that scholarship.
The merchant deals in silk goods.
That actress is as beautiful as ever.
I think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth.
That actress is the shining star in the company.
That woman is proud rather than vain.
That poor lady is disabled.
Who is that woman?
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.
The woman served her purpose.
She is quite coquettish.
She came damn late.
She is always finding fault with other people.
That woman is much older than I.
That woman will be his wife.
That woman has two bags.
Look at the girls.
The young woman didn't know her boyfriend was loaded.
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty.
That girl is far from being shy.
I wonder who that girl is.
That girl is a true blue country singer.
The young girl wanted to be a star of the silver screen.
How sad that girl looks!
That girl looks very pretty.
The girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift.
Which of those girls do you like?
Are you interested in that girl?
The girl may well think ill you.
How that woman runs on!
She is no beauty.
You don't have to be very old to remember that event.
That publishing company is in the black.
Can you manage to carry that heavy suitcase by yourself?
That religious cult has got some pretty off the wall ideas.
That kind of dress is now in fashion.
Those young men are independent of their parents.
That young man is very keen on cycling.
That young man is our teacher.
The agent built up the young singer.
Are you going to buy that auto?
Follow the car.
That car is hers.
That car is a real beauty.
That car is mine.
That car is too expensive for me to buy.
That car is the best deal for your money.
You seem to have had that car for years.
That car is the most beautiful of the three.
That car salesman was a pretty off the wall kind of guy.
That president's secretary is always prim.
The president is difficult to approach.
There was a problem with the architecture of that company's new computer. They're going through a recall frenzy right now.
Please take a look at that picture.
Where's that picture hiding?
That copy differs from the original.
I never see that play without crying.
That bicycle belongs to our school.
The chances of success are greater if the business man knows the ropes, and also has more funds at his disposal.
The price of that bicycle was too high.
I wish I had been kind to her then.
I wish I had obeyed his directions.
I was reading a novel then.
If he had taken my advice then, he would be a rich man now.
Is that clock working?
At the time I managed to make myself understood in English.
That clock is one minute fast.
I wish I had been with you then.
I have not seen him since.
If he had worked hard at that time, he would have succeeded.
You know, I had a lot of fun.
Were you sober at that time?
I cannot express how pleased I was then.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly at that time.
If she had married you, she would be happy now.
His health has declined since the accident.
That accident brought home to me the power of nature.
That accident is a good illustration of his carelessness.
She was never completely free from pain after the accident.
There is something mysterious about the accident.
Do you know what time that accident happened?
Who will hear the case?
That incident was a black mark against the president.
That incident is printed on my mind.
That branch is affiliated to the miners' union.
The children thought that their parents were made of money.
The child captivates everyone with his sunny smile.
The child came near being drowned.
Those children use bad words.
Those children are waiting for their mother.
I'm against us forcing the child to go to cram school.
You shouldn't indulge that child. It will make him very selfish.
He will soon be past playing with toys.
That child is full of mischief.
He is a slim child.
She was named Kate after her mother.
He is very mean to me.
The boy isn't as bad as he seemed.
I wonder what ever will become of the child.
The boy often runs errands.
The kid looks blank.
What a little imp he is!
What a nuisance that child is!
That boy is a handful.
That child is impossible.
She is always smiling.
That child is always fretting.
The child is dirty.
That child can count to twenty.
You have to allow for the boy's age.
The mother of that child is an announcer.
That child is a headache.
The child puts adults to shame.
That girl just drives me wild.
The kid is a pain in the neck.
That boy of mine! He'll eat me out of house and home!
What were you doing when she came?
If that boy had not been killed in the traffic accident, he would be a college student now.
That child's constant screaming gives me gray hairs.
I think that girl cut her hair to give herself a new look.
How well that girl skis!
The sisters are quite unlike.
I did that work on the orders of my boss.
The job offer still stands.
What's the name of the mountain range?
Look at that mountain.
That mountain is covered with snow.
The mountain used to send out clouds of smoke.
That mountain is in the clouds.
How high mountain that is!
How high is that mountain?
That mountain is five times as high as this one.
That mountain is about three thousand meters high.
The top of that mountain is flat.
It is dangerous to climb that mountain.
You need good equipment to climb that mountain.
We are going to climb that mountain.
Are you done with that magazine?
I found nothing interesting in that magazine.
I cannot put up with all that noise.
The writer has an excellent style.
Six months have passed since the author was killed in an accident.
The confidence man and his blonde call girl make a perfect match in enraging his landlady.
If only I had listened to my parents!
There was hatred between us then.
We were younger then.
Look at those black clouds.
Who is the gentleman all dressed in black?
That black one is mine.
Look at those black clouds. It is going to rain.
Is that black bag yours?
There seems no need to help that country.
That country is five times as large as Japan.
That country abounds in oil.
That country broke off diplomatic relations with the neighboring countries.
That country's economic situation changes from day to day.
That country is where individuality counts.
It is impossible to tell what will happen in that country.
In that country I was a foreigner and was treated as such.
Look at that high mountain.
That high mountain is Mt. Tsukuba.
Look at that tall building.
What's that tall building?
There is a library at the back of that tall building.
It's heart-warming to see that happy old couple.
They make used cooking oil into soap at that factory.
That candidate stands for free trade.
What happened at that crossing?
That fox must have killed the hen.
That lake looks like the sea.
Cut down that dead tree, or it will fall down on your house.
That old book is a real find.
That ancient ruin was once a shrine.
Those old laws were all done away with.
That old bridge is anything but safe.
That old house is thought to be haunted.
They say that old house is haunted.
Where did you pick up those old coins?
For a healthy cheerful guy like that to get sick is like the devil getting sunstroke. Everyone is talking about it.
That dog is too dangerous to be left loose.
Don't let that dog come near me!
How fast that dog runs!
You should do away with that dog.
How old that dog is!
That dog runs very fast.
That dog has a short tail.
That dog is exactly twice the size of this one.
Is that dog male or female?
How old is that dog?
I was bitten in the leg by that dog.
Keep away from the dog.
How can we get the ball away from the dog?
That dog has been barking 'Ruff-ruff-ruff-ruff!' all day long.
Look at that building. Is it a temple?
Look at that building.
That building is our school.
What's that building?
Who is the man standing in front of the building?
Please let me off in front of that building.
That architect builds very modern houses.
The matter has not been settled yet.
That plan still needed some finishing touches.
That theater has a foreign film festival every other month.
They are putting P on at that theater.
That guard tends to do everything by the book.
That plan came to nothing.
Those shoes do not go with the suit.
That bank was held up twice.
The bank was held up a week ago.
He says he's related to that rich family.
That bridge isn't long.
That bridge is made of stone.
That bridge is very beautiful.
How long that bridge is!
How wonderful that bridge is!
How long is that bridge?
That bridge is half as long as this one.
That bridge is anything but safe.
How old is that church?
That church organization takes in refugees.
That textbook is out of date.
It's fun to watch the race.
They sell live fish at the fish store.
What is that huge building?
Look at those cattle.
There used to be a great castle on that hill.
That cafe has a pretty good breakfast special.
My heart aches for those starving children.
I have to catch that train.
Look at that brilliant star.
Is that machine still usable?
I don't know how to get along with those difficult people.
It was Mr Smith that told me how to use that machine.
That comedian is very funny.
That comic's jokes are all old hat and we've heard them before.
I have seen that face somewhere before.
That nurse is a real angel to her patients.
That nurse is very kind and polite.
That bag is mine.
I may have caught cold on that cold night.
I want that bag.
Don't call that student a fool.
The student is likely to do well on this coming mid-term exam.
That student is very active.
Those students work hard, don't they?
Those college students give me a bad headache.
That student actually got full marks in English.
That scholar made a great scientific discovery.
That school is going to do away with uniforms.
His abilities were not appreciated in that school.
They teach Chinese at that school.
They adopted a new method of teaching English in that school.
There used to be a bookstore on that corner.
How fluently that foreigner speaks Japanese!
That painting is a masterpiece of impressionist art.
Hang that picture on the wall.
What do you imagine when you see that picture?
Look at that picture.
I want to take a better look at that painting. I want to stand closer.
Have a look at that picture.
That painting is beautiful, and so is this one.
That painting is a copy.
That painting has started to grow on me.
That gray building?
That broken vase is my grandfather's.
That company just put up a web page.
That company went bankrupt.
That outfit is running a fly-by-night operation.
The company stopped losing money.
The company is losing money.
That company puts out a magazine, doesn't it?
Everybody in that company is either a vice-president or a senior vice-president; they're all chiefs and no Indians.
That company hires people without regard to race, religion, or nationality.
The people in the office will never agree.
The president of that company has an ace up her sleeve.
The price of the stock of that company will not come down.
I'm not satisfied with that company's service.
Our transactions with that firm have continued unbroken since my father's generation.
A contract with that company is worth next to nothing.
That flower smells sweet.
What's that flower?
That Kabuki actor is very popular with young people.
How beautiful that flower is!
That flower has a powerful smell.
The singer no longer has a future.
That singer is very popular with people in general.
I can not hear that song without thinking of my high school days.
I never hear that song without remembering my high school days.
That song's bound to be a hit.
That song is very popular with young people.
I like the slow rhythm of that song.
I can't get that song out of my head.
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
Those scientists are the cream of the crop.
I regret not having bought that house.
Look at that house.
That house is famous.
That house belongs to him.
That house is big.
That house is very small.
She wears the trousers in that house.
That house belongs to me.
That little house looks just like the little house my grandmother lived in when she was a little girl, on a hill covered with daisies and apple trees growing around.
That house is built of bricks.
They still haven't found a buyer for that house.
That house cried for a coat of paint.
The house is very old. It needs repairing before you sell it.
That house is much better than this.
The prosperity of the family dates from the Great War.
The house is haunted.
Do I have to fix up to go to their house?
Two families live in that house.
There appears to be a party in that house.
I wish I could buy that house cheap.
That music gets on his nerves.
That noise is almost driving me mad.
What was that noise?
I've triumphed over that coward.
Look at that cat on the roof.
That yellow sweater costs twice as much as this blue one.
That chimney is very high.
Look at that smoke. That building must be on fire.
Look at that smoke.
Look at that boy who is swimming.
You should have seen the movie.
Seeing that movie is something like taking a trip to India.
That movie was amusing.
They say that the movie is an interesting one.
That movie was extremely interesting.
That movie is worth seeing.
This movie is worth seeing again.
That movie was really moving.
That movie was shown on TV.
How did you like that movie?
What I remember most about that movie is the last scene.
That movie stinks!
Look at those clouds! It's going to rain.
Look at those clouds.
That cloud is in the shape of a fish.
That cloud bodes rain.
When the family won the million dollar sweepstakes, they were in the fat city.
That doctor may cure him of his cancer.
The doctor is gentle with his patients.
Look at the big shot.
That naughty boy annoys me by his pranks.
That straw catches fire easily.
That painting by Rembrandt is a work of art.
That restaurant prepares two thousand meals every day.
They serve terrible food at that restaurant.
That restaurant serves excellent food.
They give good service at that restaurant.
They serve delicious food at that restaurant.
The restaurant is always packed.
Did you have a good meal at that restaurant?
Let's not go to that restaurant again.
You can get good food for a modest sum at the restaurant.
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.
They serve wonderful Chinese at that restaurant.
I bought that record in this store.
The race was fixed.
The airport shuttle will take you to Tokyo International Airport.
The love letter ought to have reached her.
Is that radio program still on the air?
I wish they would turn off the radio.
You must succeed after such efforts.
It was silly of you to make such a mistake.
Such a disaster won't come again in my time.
Your methods are totally alien to mine.
Where has that memo got to?
Was all of that milk drunk?
That hotel was established about 50 years ago.
I'm staying at that hotel.
That hotel serves very good food.
I get depressed thinking that a guy like our boss can have ultimate power over us.
The bowl contains many kinds of candy.
That pen is more expensive than this one.
Let's sit down on that bench.
Don't sit on that bench.
His wife caught him out with that blonde and then he was really up shit creek without a paddle.
The professional skier liked to "hot-dog" down the mountain.
We have got to get him to take that project seriously.
It is a toss-up whether the playboy will marry the blonde or the brunette; both girls are so beautiful.
It is only a few months since that Frenchman came to Japan.
The grapes are sour.
That football player is gigantic.
That folk singer is very popular with people in general.
Who is the woman dressed in pink?
How many floors does that building have?
How high is that building?
The owner of that building is living on the 5th floor of this building.
Look above that building.
There's a great view from the rooftop of that building. Want to go see?
The view from the top of that building was magnificent.
It's on the first floor of that building.
No man lives in the building.
It's next to that building.
That terrible noise is driving me mad.
I'd like that beer, please.
That pianist is known for his skill.
That pianist is known for his technique.
Look at that good-looking boy.
Boy, that hamburger really hit the spot.
Those roses are very beautiful.
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
Don't climb that ladder - it's not secure.
That bar is one of his favorite haunts.
Whose notebook is that?
The color of that tie does not match the suit.
When I heard the news I was caught with my pants down.
That dress really becomes her.
I think that style of dress will return again next year.
A wide leather belt would look good with that dress.
Each episode of that TV drama ends with somebody delivering a profound line.
Let me have a look at that book of Tom's.
I wish I had been with her then.
I wish I had known his name then.
If he hadn't taken that flight then, he would be alive now.
The promise I made then still holds.
The woman to whom you were talking is my sister.
I wish I had had a camera then.
There is a lot of traffic on that street.
That TV station broadcasts only movies.
That TV station is on the air 24 hours a day.
How do you like that TV news program?
A sale of quality-brand goods is being held at that department.
Men's suits are on sale this week at that department store.
We had a thrilling time at the theme park.
I asked for a table over there.
Take the book that has been left on the table.
Take the book which is lying on that table.
That tour already has a waiting list.
That team is always in the cellar.
That team has little, if any, chance of winning.
That talent is much sought after.
The dark horse candidate was losing in the polls before the primary.
That sofa is less expensive than this table.
That salesman looks pretty smart.
Have you finished knitting that sweater?
If you go to that supermarket, you can buy most things you use in your daily life.
That suit has an expensive look.
The amateur singer won first in the talent show hands down.
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.
That jumbo jet accommodates 400 passengers.
Try on that shirt. It's made of fine cotton.
Try on that shirt.
That shirt is very dirty. It needs washing before you go to school.
The stew must have disagreed with me.
That football is made of genuine leather.
Who is that lady?
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
I used to go home for lunch in those days.
If he had trained himself harder at that time, he would be healthier now.
That commercial makes a strong impression - especially the music. It stays in your head.
He is an unmanageable child.
That is the girl whose father is a doctor.
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.
May I eat that cake?
The group was planning a bull session to talk about the upcoming party.
You should cut off your connections with that group.
Do you know who that tall blonde girl in green is?
In a sense you are right in refusing to join that club.
Who is that pretty girl?
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
That guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
I wish I could buy that guitar.
If that guitar were not so expensive, I could buy it.
That pretty bird did nothing but sing day after day.
That cute baby is the fruit of their love.
Look at that pretty little girl.
That pretty girl is my sister.
You need another ten dollars to buy that camera.
What did you do with that camera?
I'm dying for that camera.
Could you put those bags in the car for me?
That couple gets soused nearly every night.
That cocktail is sweet and easy to drink.
That car dealer gave me a bum steer when he told me this used Toyota was in good condition.
I wonder who's buried in that tomb.
Why don't you give your seat to that old gentleman?
What did you do with that money?
What shall we buy with that money?
That toy is made of wood.
Why not try that delicious wine?
Hi. I feel kind of sick.
I think we're out of your size.
I cannot stop that noisy cat from getting into my garden.
That dog is big.
The cousins are similar in appearance but widely different in character.
That Italian author is little known in Japan.
That naughty child needs a good beating.
Go and beat up that bully.
The Englishman likes doing better than talking.
The house is vacant.
That house appears deserted.
No pets are allowed in that apartment house.
Will that idea come off?
The relationships among those five people are complicated.
It seems those two are made for each other.
Those two really hit it off.
Those two boys are cousins.
One of them is a spy.
It's in the air that they may get married.
Uh..., where's the post office?
Well... actually, I'm sick.
Um, is the room quiet?
Miss! I feel sick.
Annie ate nervously.
Let's have a seat over there, Annie.
You must talk to her in person.
She will be flattered if you go to see her in person.
You are to obey your parents.
You must think by yourselves.
You can take part in the meeting regardless of your age.
How did you come to know each other?
They as well as you are ordinary people.
You should not be surprised at my saying, 'You must be born again.'
It's surprising to know that your school starts at 8:30 and ends at 3:30.
Allow me to introduce my wife to you.
Here's to you! Cheers!
Please tell me why you don't eat meat.
I hear you Americans like to move from place to place.
You may depend on him to help you.
I am no more excited than you are.
You're such a lovely audience.
How many of you are there?
Never teach a child anything of which you are not yourself sure.
It is important to have a sense of your own.
You told me so yourself.
You had better go in person.
I think it necessary for you to go in person.
Are you proposing, knowing that this won't be my first marriage?
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Pardon all but thyself.
You may as well make friends with people who need you.
Let me introduce you to Mr Tanaka.
I don't have anything else to do but wait for you.
I love you with all my heart.
It's my duty to help you.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
You must have such friends as will help you.
I will give you a ride in my car.
I want you to meet my parents.
I'm on your side.
I'm sorry I misunderstood you.
I never see you without thinking of my dead son.
I never see you without thinking of Ken.
You remind me of your brother.
I never see you without remembering your father.
You remind me of your mother.
You remind me of your father.
Do you know the man gazing at you?
I mistook you for my brother.
I did not want to alarm you.
I remember you. We met three years ago.
There is a good argument for dismissing you.
I'd like to enroll you as a member of our club.
I will see you home.
I'm filled with love for you.
I was born to love you.
Can I call you Bob?
I'd like to invite you to the party.
I'm proud to have you on our team.
I'm thinking of taking you to see Mr Jenkins.
If I scold you, it is not that I am angry.
I can never make you out.
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.
You will be called Cephas.
We are glad to have you in our class.
I meant to have called on you.
I will drive you home.
I didn't want to alarm you.
You were talking in your sleep last night.
Please tell me about you and your family.
I wish you had been there.
Do you have to go to market, too?
I gather you'll agree with me.
Try staring at yourself.
Can you do as much?
Neither you nor I are mistaken.
I wish you had come with us.
Both you and I are students.
Wouldn't you like to come with us, too?
Yours is not bad, either.
It is about time you married.
You will soon get accustomed to the noises.
Do you also like jazz?
You were his greatest fan, you see.
You should have come with us.
You're usually as tough as nails.
I'm more in love with you.
It is a pity that a man of your ability should remain unknown to the world.
It's a present for you.
You have a watch.
You look good in a kimono.
Which period of history are you studying?
I admire you for keeping your head.
Can you tell green from blue?
Do you look up to your parents?
You are old enough to be independent of your parents.
You should buy an answering machine.
You are coming down with the flu, or something serious.
You should go on to a technical college.
You have to settle down and study for the history test.
Will you live in Sasayama next year?
You will have to go to England next year.
When will you live in Sanda next year?
You will be able to read this book next year.
Will you go to America next year?
You have to put off your departure for England till next week.
You have to stay in bed until next Monday.
Will you go to America next month?
You must make up the loss next week.
You need not have come.
Are you the prophet?
You needn't come.
You have to make a reservation.
Haven't you had your dinner?
Do you have to make dinner?
You must not play.
You shouldn't break promises.
You are ten minutes behind the appointed time.
You have only to play a role.
You had better not sit up late at night.
Do you know baseball?
You must not go out at night.
Don't you sleep well at night?
You are exaggerating the problem.
Can you walk with your eyes closed?
Are your eyes bad?
You must hand in your homework by Thursday without fail.
Are you reading an interesting book?
Please return the book by tomorrow.
You will be busy tomorrow.
Will you study tomorrow?
You will be able to see him tomorrow.
You will be able to get the news from him tomorrow.
Are you going to school tomorrow?
Can you go to the beach tomorrow?
What are you going to do tomorrow?
It seems necessary for you to come again tomorrow.
You'll have to get up early tomorrow morning.
Where will you be this time tomorrow?
When will you be busy tomorrow?
Will you go out tomorrow?
Are you free tomorrow?
Can you do without the car tomorrow? I need it.
You should not sleep.
Are you satisfied or dissatisfied?
You're not satisfied, are you?
You have only to practice every day.
How often do you go skiing every year?
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Do you run every day?
Do you go shopping every day?
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
Do you study English every day?
What time do you get up every day?
How long do you play tennis every day?
How long do you study English every day?
You tried very hard every day.
What time do you get up every morning?
What time do you usually get up every morning?
You get up at 5 o'clock every morning.
You've never seen a genuine diamond.
You didn't really see a ghost - it was only imaginary.
You are really clumsy, aren't you!
Will you really send me a Japanese doll?
You're a magician with a needle and thread.
Can you swim at all?
I wonder if you are truly happy.
Do you really want it?
I admire you.
I think you're a really nice guy.
Every time you read a book, you will be the better for it.
You have a lot of books.
You have to make a careful choice of books.
You are from Hokkaido, aren't you?
Have you been to Hokkaido?
You look busy.
You were busy.
You aren't busy, are you?
Are you busy?
I asked him if he was busy.
You have a sharp sense of direction.
Will you go on foot or by bus?
Do you go to school on foot?
You don't have to study.
Are you studying?
You will study.
Have you lost your reason?
Apart from you, we are all poor.
You have good taste in clothes.
You shouldn't make light of a cold.
Are you subject to colds?
Did you get over the cold?
You must keep your room tidy.
You used to look up to your father.
You look as if you don't have a care in the world.
What time do you usually leave home?
You should cross out any word you don't need.
Can you make sense of what the writer is saying?
You take more calories than are necessary.
You must fulfill your promise without fail.
You will never fail to be moved by beauty.
You have only to sit quietly with your hands folded in your lap.
Your nose is bleeding.
You are a beautiful butterfly.
Have you ever traveled by air?
Can you give up your seat to old people even when you are tired?
As you are tired, you had better take a rest.
Do you think her attractive?
You must help her.
Are you going to invite her to the party?
You are taller than she.
You should take her illness into consideration.
It is necessary for you to help her.
You must have known what she meant.
You lack sincerity for her.
All you have to do is to meet her.
What do you want to buy for her?
What did you say you gave her for her birthday?
Be on your guard against her.
You must take into account the fact that she was ill.
I suppose you like her.
You have only to wait for her return.
Do you hear from her often?
You think he is a good doctor, and so he is.
You may rely on him.
You can employ him.
Do you know him?
You will banish him.
You believe him completely.
You can't blame him for the accident.
Don't you think you ought to write them a thank-you note?
You are to stay here till they return.
You can swim much better than him.
Are you listening to him?
Do you happen to know his name?
Do you remember borrowing his book?
You must not give in to his unreasonable demands.
You should follow his advice.
You should not laugh at his mistake.
Can you make sense of what he says?
You should take account of what he said.
Can you produce evidence to clear him?
Do you know his brother?
You can't count on him for financial help.
You should not trifle with his feelings.
Can you state the facts to his face?
All you had to do was to tell him the truth.
You only have to follow him.
You have to get him to help you.
I don't believe you've met him.
Cheer him up when you see him.
I wish you had not told him about the plan.
You had better ask him how to do it.
Are you related to him?
As long as you are with him, you can't be happy.
Who do you think he is?
You must take into account the fact that he is too young.
I suppose you like him.
Are you for or against the plan he put forward at the meeting?
Did you notice him leave the house?
Do you know where he lives?
Do you think he was only making believe that he was sick?
You know who he is.
Didn't you know that he passed away about two years ago?
You must go, like it or lump it.
Are you always at home in the evening?
You make a box.
You are tall, but he is still taller.
You look young for your age.
You only have to work hard.
You should school yourself to be patient.
What do you do on Sunday?
You are not Japanese.
Do you speak Japanese?
Have you ever been to Nikko?
You must not come to meet me again.
Do you have two books?
You have two books.
You have two balls.
You'll soon get used to driving on the right.
I understand you're looking for a record album of nursery rhymes.
You are foresighted and will succeed.
You've only been on the job for about 15 minutes.
You are overworked.
You are working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
You are sharp.
You may stay with me for the time being.
You live in Tokyo, don't you?
Have you ever been to Tokyo?
How did you make a living in Tokyo?
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower?
You have seen Tokyo Tower, haven't you?
Do you live in the city?
You don't like gambling, do you?
You must watch your step all the way.
Can you go to the office by train?
Do you go by train or by car?
You need a change of air.
You are an angel of a child.
You're a complete misanthrope.
You are dying to go fishing.
Are you related to the Nagashima family?
You can't stay for long.
Are you going to stay there for long?
You don't have to get up early.
What do you do before breakfast?
Would you say you're a morning person?
What time do you wake up in the morning?
What time do you leave home in the morning?
You need not pay for your lunch.
Do you know how old Miss Nakano is?
You have to work harder to make up for lost time.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Did you feel the earth move?
You are equal to him in intelligence.
You will get a CD set on your birthday.
Whose side are you?
Who are you talking with?
Who do you want to talk to?
You are free to talk with anyone.
Who are you? Give us an answer to take back to those who sent us.
Were you with anyone?
You are very beautiful.
You run very fast.
Are not you a very kind man?
You can swim very well.
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
You must speak in a loud voice.
I hear you're very rich.
You used to do so when you were a university student.
Do you go to college?
What do you want to study at college?
What did you major in at college?
Do you know that man with a big hat on?
You must be more careful to avoid making a gross mistake.
You must take care of yourself.
You should make your attitude clear.
Is there anything wrong with you?
You might just chalk up some brownie points.
You have to go through many hardships.
You must not invade the privacy of others.
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.
You shouldn't rely on other people's help.
Can you speak another language?
Can you run fast?
You do not have to run fast.
You do run.
You look quite run down.
You are an early riser, aren't you?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Yari?
You get up early, don't you?
You have to get up early.
Which do you like better, fiction or non-fiction?
All you have to do is to do your best.
You are quite in the wrong.
You have to make reservations in advance.
You may as well say it to him in advance.
Who did you vote for in the election?
Do you travel by sea or by air?
Did you ever travel abroad by ship?
You should attend more to what your teacher says.
Were you praised by the teacher?
Were you scolded by your teacher?
You are a teacher.
You were busy last week.
Did you go to Ming's party last Saturday?
Were you here last week?
Have you been in Japan since last month?
Were you in America last month?
You ought to face the stark reality.
You never used to treat me like this.
Keep in mind that you're not so young as you used to be.
You are just the same as you always were.
You are not a student.
You had better cut down your living expenses.
You must answer honestly.
You need not prepare a formal speech.
Are you correct?
I have faith in your ability to do the right thing.
Are you interested in politics?
I'm sure you will succeed.
All you have to do is wait and see.
You know nothing of the world.
Your record in mathematics is good.
Are you good at mathematics?
You must take life as it is.
You guessed right.
You can succeed in your life.
You should never look down on a man merely because he is poor.
You seem a kind man.
You are not kind.
You must set about your business in earnest.
Are you a new student?
You should make a fresh start in life.
You're the new secretary, aren't you?
You will soon accommodate yourself new ways of living.
Are you pleased with your new house?
Have you got settled into your new house yet?
You must request the latest version of the software.
You must bear it in mind.
You may not believe it, but it is nonetheless true.
You must help set the table.
Can you cook a meal?
You need not wash the dishes after meals.
You must not eat too much.
You will be able to dance well.
Can you swim well?
You swim well, don't you?
Do you play basketball well?
Do you get along with your boss?
You will be laughed at.
Sometimes you can't sleep at all.
Do you have any money?
You are not in the least happy.
Do you go to an elementary school?
You got the date wrong when you were filling in the check.
You had better prepare for the future.
What do you intend to do with your future?
You are a good tennis player, as beginners go.
You ought not to go out.
You may as well postpone your departure.
I asked her if she was going out.
You'd better not go out.
You have finished your homework, haven't you?
You have only to work away at your homework.
Have you done your homework?
You have missed an important clue.
Are you ten years old?
Did you inform the post office of the change of your address?
You've lost the ability to concentrate.
What did you do on the weekend?
You must live according to your income.
Which do you like better, sushi or tempura?
You will write a letter.
What do you have in your hand?
Do you have a car?
Can you drive?
You must be more careful in driving a car.
Do you live in Sasayama?
Have you ever eaten turkey?
You have a dictionary, don't you? Can I use it?
You have three dictionaries.
You are free to go or stay.
How did you spend your free time?
You must know yourself.
You should carry out your own plan.
You are old enough to make your own living.
I think you should do it yourself.
What do you say about yourself?
You did wrong in trusting too much in your ability.
You should act according to your conscience.
You always make excuses for not doing your share of the work.
You are always making excuses for not doing your share of the work.
All you have to do is to clean your room.
You must not make little of your illness.
You need to have answers ready about your strong point.
You should awake to your responsibilities.
You are satisfied with your life, aren't you?
Do you have a vision of your future?
You are satisfied with the argument.
Did you talk about your hobby?
You must not lose sight of your main object.
You must act according to your principles.
You have to account for your failure.
You will just have to do with what you've got.
You should attend to your business.
You don't have to write out a clean copy of your composition.
Can you justify your action?
You must carry out your first plan.
You must apologize for what you said.
You will wish you had a house of your own.
You should not stick to your opinion.
You dropped your handkerchief.
You do not always show that regard for the feelings of others which you would wish shown to you.
Can you will yourself to fall asleep?
You should go and see for yourself.
You must concentrate your attention on what you are doing.
You cannot be too careful when you drive a car.
Can you ride a bicycle?
You will get the better of him in the next election.
You should make good use of your time.
Do you sometimes give your sister money?
You don't have to take an examination.
You are the most important person of us all.
Will you go with us?
Do you refuse to leave with us?
You can understand me.
Are you trying to make a fool of me?
Do you know me?
I hope that you'll help me.
I'm afraid you misunderstood me.
You seem to have mistaken me for my elder brother.
What do you take me for?
Do you take me for a complete beginner?
You have more energy than I.
You are taller than I.
You are not as short as I.
You are not shorter than I.
You have made all my dreams come true.
You were mine.
You know my favorite singer Terry Tate.
Did you hear my son play the violin?
You must bear my advice in mind.
You may use my dictionary.
You are my pride and joy.
You are as tall as my sister.
Do you understand the difficulty of my job?
You were nodding off at times during my lecture.
You look upon my idea as being behind the times.
Do you object to my idea?
Do you disobey me?
You speak my language.
You ought to have come to my wedding reception earlier.
You mustn't use my pen.
You may use my typewriter.
You have only to watch what I do.
What did you do with my pants?
Don't you believe me?
Did you see my camera?
He has twice as many books as I do.
You are twice as strong as I.
You remind me of a boy I used to know.
Do you mean to charge me with the crime?
What do you mean to say to me?
What would you have me do?
You are too kind to me.
You promised not to be rude to me any more.
You were my Yoda and I'll miss your right-on-target advice.
All you have to do is follow me.
You have the same camera as mine.
You are my equal; not my inferior or superior.
Do you know them?
You may as well come with me.
You are the tallest of us all.
You are trusted by every one of us.
Do you want to see our English lesson?
You were very kind to us.
Can you supply me with all I need?
You will soon be convinced that I am right.
You're the only person that I can trust.
Do you know where I live?
Do you believe that there is life after death?
Can you express yourself in English?
You have no heart.
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood?
You wouldn't go to the dentist when you were a boy.
You expect too much of your child.
Did you catch the first train?
You can use my desk if you want to.
Carry on with your work.
Have you finished your work?
Are you through with your work?
You must do work.
You must attend to your work.
"I believe you like your job." "On the contrary, I hate it."
I believe you like your job.
You do not have to take your umbrella with you.
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.
You should have known better than to go out in the rain without an umbrella.
You'll get there by three o'clock.
Did you have a good sleep last night?
Were you tired last night?
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her last night.
You should have seen that movie last night.
Did you drive her home last night?
You have changed since I saw you last year.
You had to come yesterday.
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?
Did you play baseball yesterday?
Were you busy yesterday?
Did you study yesterday?
Did you go to Nikko yesterday?
Did you talk to your new classmates yesterday?
You ate sushi yesterday, didn't you?
You went to the park yesterday, didn't you?
You were absent from school yesterday.
Did you go to school yesterday?
You were at home yesterday, weren't you?
"Were you at home?" "No, I wasn't."
Were you home last night?
When were you busy yesterday?
Which program did you watch yesterday?
Did you watch TV yesterday?
Have you been busy since yesterday?
When did you study yesterday?
You have only to answer the first question.
You seem to have lost sight of original objective.
You should carry out your first plan.
Who do you like better, Sachiko or Akiko?
You will have to go through hardship.
What are you going to do tonight?
You aren't busy now, are you?
You are busy now, aren't you?
Will you stay at home tonight?
Where do you want to go this summer?
You don't have to work today.
Have you read today's paper?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
What time did you get up this morning?
You'll have to study harder from now on.
You are singing now.
You are now on the way to recovery.
What must you do now?
Have you ever seen a whale?
What've you been up to?
Have you ever seen her?
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower?
Have you ever been to Kobe?
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
Have you ever visited a foreign country?
Have you ever climbed Mt. Aso?
Where have you been all this while?
You'd better go home.
You are not watching TV now.
Do you like black cats?
It is better for you to act by legal means.
Have you ever been to Washington, the capital of the United States of America?
Are you a high school student?
He said that you had better go.
He said that you need not go.
You don't need to go.
Would you like to go?
He said that you ought to go.
You must not indulge in drinking.
You have to go whether you like it or not.
You can take whatever you like.
You ought to live up to your parents' hopes.
You must do all you can lest you should regret later.
What do you want to do in the afternoon?
You must do as you are told.
I think you've gone too far.
I think you had better stick to your present job.
Are you content with your present salary?
You must go to Harajuku.
You missed two assignments; you will have to make them up at once.
You must take care of the dog.
You had better keep early hours so you will be in good health.
You should take more exercise for the sake of your health.
How many classes do you have on Mondays?
Do you subscribe to any monthly magazine?
How many times a month do you write letters?
You are a cold-blooded person, aren't you?
You're too young to marry.
It's about time you got married.
You must never resort to violence.
You must account for your absence.
You have infinite possibilities as an artist.
You should go to the police and check it out yourself.
You're dating a Keio university student, aren't you?
What will you do on Friday?
You are stupid.
You should have been more careful in money matters.
Are you getting along with your neighbors?
You are crazy.
You say the bridge is safe; I will take care all the same.
How long will you stay in Kyoto?
Did you take part in the game?
Your lies pain me.
Do you know how to cook fish?
Did you live in Sasayama last year?
Did you give it to him last year?
Where did you live last year?
Have you lived in Sasayama since last year?
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
You are richer than I am because your pay is double my pay.
You must hurry up.
You must get ready quickly.
Where did you spend your holidays?
Where will you go for the vacation?
Where do you wish you could go for a holiday?
Can you stand on your hands?
You should refrain from smoking.
Do you object to smoking?
You have a good memory.
You will drive me mad.
You should try to make the most of your opportunities.
You need not run the risk.
You look so pale.
You had better have your eyes examined.
I should think you are in the wrong.
You made an error.
It appears to me that you put on my hat by mistake.
You no doubt bore people.
You will soon get well.
You play a musical instrument, don't you?
Are you a student?
You may bring your own lunch to school.
You go to school.
You are a schoolteacher, aren't you?
Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?
Do you walk to school?
You go to school, don't you?
You don't remember, I'll never forget.
I thought you had better not go out.
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Do you have any foreign books?
How long did you stay abroad?
You are a good painter, aren't you?
You are a very good artist.
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business?
Are you content with your position in the company?
You must account for your absence from the meeting.
You have no obligation to help us.
Are you interested in flowers?
You can sing a song.
Are you going to sing?
You can take advantage of your free time.
You should make better use of your free time.
You are required to provide three months' rent in deposit.
You must think of your family.
You should go over a house before buying it.
You must go home.
Where did you put our key to the house?
You may go home.
I thought it better for you to stay at home.
You don't have to stay home.
Where are you going spend the summer holidays?
What are you going to do during the summer holidays?
You should call your mother as soon as possible.
How many pencils do you have?
You keep on making the same mistake time after time.
How many sisters do you have?
How many siblings do you have?
How large is your family?
Where are you bound for?
When did you have your wall painted?
How many hours have you been studying?
What time do you leave your work?
What time will you have to go to bed?
What time do you leave for school?
What time are you going to leave for London?
She asked me how old I was.
What sign were you born under?
What prevented you from working?
Why are you busy today?
Why did you live in Kyoto last year?
How often did you visit Kyoto?
What don't you have?
What do you have?
What are you worrying about?
What are you gazing at?
What are you trying to do?
What would you like to do?
You must leave here before everything.
You have only to stand there doing nothing.
What subject do you major in?
I wonder what you were referring to.
How fast you walk!
How fast you run!
What a good speaker of English you are!
What a clever student you are!
You have everything.
You had better not think of everything in terms of money.
Can you hear anything?
Do you have anything to read?
Do you have anything particular in mind?
Do you have any animals?
You seem to have thought of something else.
Do you need any food?
Do you want anything to eat?
Do you believe in any religion?
How many languages do you speak?
Can you think of anything else?
Do you have anything to wear to the dance?
You have a genius for music.
Are you interested in music?
Which do you like better, music or English?
You don't like music.
Did you ever go to Okinawa?
You should be more careful at a crosswalk.
Do you have a pencil?
Write it in pencil.
Who were you waiting for at the station?
Are you on your way to the station?
Have you ever subscribed to any English language newspaper?
You have to speak English.
Are you studying English?
Are you listening to English?
You are listening to English.
Can you translate English into Japanese?
You will succeed in learning English.
Do you know how to speak English?
Have you finished your English homework yet?
Do you like Japanese or English?
Can you write a letter in English?
Can you communicate in English what you want to say?
You have to speak only English.
You can speak English.
You must endeavor to improve your English.
Do you like English?
You had better learn either English or French.
You can swim, but I can't swim.
Are you able to swim?
Do you know how to swim?
You aren't leaving Japan for good, are you?
Can you swim across?
Do you feel like going to the theater?
Besides, you lead a charmed life.
You're in luck.
You must be worn out after working all day.
Can you go around the world in a day?
You can borrow three books at a time.
Do you know her at all?
You need to work very hard.
It is necessary for you to work hard.
You have to work hard.
You must study English hard.
Would you like a single room?
Will you travel alone?
You have only to set out on a trip by yourself.
How many times a week do you go shopping at a supermarket?
You must finish this work in a week.
You should follow your doctor's advice.
You are not a doctor.
Do you want the doctors not to use the machine and let your brother die?
You will see the difference.
All you have to do is to make a comment.
You had wanted to go there for a long time, hadn't you?
You must come back before it gets dark.
You are a bad boy.
Who do you like better, Akiko or Sachiko?
You referred to my father.
Did you make that mistake on purpose?
Have you been to London?
You learned English from Miss Long, didn't you?
Do you know if Lucy can speak Japanese?
Which do you like better, apples or oranges?
Do you like apples or oranges?
Are you fond of listening to the radio?
Did you hear the news on the radio?
How many rackets do you have?
You are Simon, son of John.
You've never been to Europe, have you?
Did you get good marks?
It is necessary that you take a good rest.
You've got a great sense of humor.
You should be more reasonable.
It is necessary for you to study harder.
You must study grammar more.
You have to study Japanese harder.
You need to be more careful.
You must do it much more carefully.
You should study English harder.
All you have to do is study harder.
I hope you will come up with a better plan.
He as well as you is in the wrong.
I took it for granted that you were on our side.
I took it for granted that you would join us.
I take for granted that you will be coming to the meeting.
I took it for granted that you would attend the meeting.
He as well as you is tired of this work.
Have you finished breakfast yet?
Have you finished your lunch yet?
You are no longer a baby.
Have you finished the suggested reading?
It is high time you were in bed.
Have you finished writing the letter yet?
Have you washed the car yet?
Have you finished cleaning your room yet?
You are not a child anymore.
Now that you have finished your work, you are free to go home.
Now that you are well again, you can travel.
It is time that you got up.
It is time you should get up.
Have you heard the news yet?
You will soon be used to rural life.
You are sitting between Meg and me.
Everything you said in your mail is just right - except the price.
You are by far the best swimmer of us all.
Do you sell mini disks?
You look as if you had seen a ghost.
Are you fond of Maltese dogs?
You'll be crying before long.
You are absolutely right.
There is no need for you to go yet.
You're still young.
Did you really expect him to tell you the truth?
You don't like pop songs, do you?
All you have to do is press the button.
You don't need to flatter your boss.
What do you have in your pocket?
What did you say to Paula?
Do you bowl?
Do you have a lot of pens?
You can't care for pets.
You are a professional, but I am an amateur.
You are very attractive in blue.
Can you make yourself understood in French?
Have you ever been to France?
Do you know Mr. Brown?
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?
After you have taken a rest, you must carry on your study.
You should not go alone.
Have you ever seen the picture painted by Picasso?
I hear that you play the piano.
Do you like the piano?
Did you go to Hawaii or Guam?
You've never been to Paris?
What do you have in your bag?
You must show your passport.
Do you go to school by bus or by train?
Do you go to school by bus?
Do you have a violin?
Can you play the violin?
You may go to the party, but you must be home by midnight.
I hear that you felt ill at ease at the party.
Do you know Noah's ark?
Have you ever been in New York?
What a charming girl you are!
What a beautiful garden you have!
Why do you talk about him as if he were an old man?
How come you're still working?
What do you study a foreign language for?
What kinds of Japanese food do you like?
What results do you anticipate?
You must be courteous to any guest.
How well can you swim?
How long have you lived in Sasayama?
How long have you played soccer?
Can you tell Tom from his twin brother?
Which city are you going to visit first?
What train you are going to take?
To what degree are you interested in baseball?
What papers do you take in?
Which season do you like the best?
What subject do you like best?
How do you assess your students?
How did you solve the problem?
Which club do you want to join?
How long will you stay in Hakone?
How often do you see Tanaka?
How long did you wait?
How long have you been in Kushiro?
How long have you lived in Kobe?
How long did you stay in Canada?
Which CD do you want to listen to?
You are beautifully dressed.
You speak so softly that I cannot quite hear what you say.
You are so kind.
You're looking very well.
You are very rich.
Which box do you like better?
Which way did you choose?
Which group do you want to join?
Where were you going?
Where did you learn English?
You can go wherever you want.
Where did you see Nancy?
Where do you watch television?
Where do you play tennis?
Where did you see the boy?
Where did you see the woman?
What's your best guess?
How will you earn your daily bread?
How do you come to school?
How did you come by the money?
How did you come by these rare books?
How did you pay for this computer?
Why did you come here this morning?
Why are you alone?
What do you think, Miss West?
Can you speak German?
You can speak German.
Do you watch television?
You can watch television.
Did you watch the soccer game on television?
Did you play tennis?
I hear that you are a good tennis player.
Did you stay home to study for the test?
You have come at an opportune time.
Do you know how to play chess?
You can dance, can't you?
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone.
You're respected by everybody.
You may be right, but we have a slightly different opinion.
No doubt you will be able to pass the examination.
You had better stop smoking.
You don't smoke, do you?
You had better not smoke so much.
You may as well return home at once.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
All you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions.
Do you have a lot of time?
The more books you read, the more you'll know.
You did a lot of work in frantic haste.
You have a lot of money, and I have none.
You don't have to talk so loud.
How did you come by such a big sum of money?
You need not have such fear.
You shouldn't keep them waiting so long.
You don't have to get up so early.
You don't need to go in such a hurry.
You don't have to work so hard.
You are generous to give me such a lot of money.
You should have kept it secret.
Did you make it for yourself?
You won't have to take charge of that.
You're expected to hail it as a triumph.
You can make it.
You should have mentioned it at the outset.
Can you pick it up?
Did you buy it today or yesterday?
You shouldn't miss the opportunity to see it.
You have only to ask for it and it will be given to you.
You have only to ask for it.
How do you account for that?
And you are going to raise it in three days?
You have only to put them together.
You may choose any of them.
Do you know what it is?
What do you conclude from that?
You had better ask him in advance how much it will cost.
You must refuse to drink this drug.
You must bring home to him the importance of the matter.
You ought to have read the book.
Do you need the book?
Are you positive of that report?
You are liable for the debt.
You must answer for your careless conduct.
Do you remember the mysterious murder?
Do you have that bottle?
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.
Did you have a piano lesson that day?
When did you receive the telegram?
Are you in favor of the proposal?
You mustn't swim in the pond.
You should acquaint yourself with the local customs.
Can you open the window?
You may open the window.
You must stand in a line to buy the ticket.
Are you in agreement with the new law?
Do you believe the witness's statement?
You will have guessed its meaning by the end of the chapter.
You must respond at once to the letter.
You must send the answer to the letter right away.
Are you going to buy the car?
You need to answer the question.
Were you reading a book at that time?
You must make a clean breast of what you saw at that time.
Where did you come by the watch?
You must take the fact into consideration.
How do you account for the accident?
What do you have to do with the matter?
You are not to blame for the accident.
You should use the paper bags again and again.
Did you finish the job?
Do you know when the event took place?
You should see the sight.
Are you satisfied with the result?
You've got to answer for the outcome.
You are in favor of the plan, aren't you?
Are you going to take part in the contest?
When did you get through with your engineering problem?
You should keep to the regulations.
You had better make use of this opportunity.
You should have seen the picture.
You had better make use of the opportunity.
You'll find some difficulty carrying out the plan.
You ought to know better than to do such a thing.
All you have to do is touch the button.
You have only to push the button.
Did you hear the news?
What were you doing at that time?
Were you able to pass the test?
Do you know who brought that team into being?
You are asked to refrain from smoking until the sign is switched off.
You shouldn't say it.
You must view the matter from different angles.
You must talk with him about the matter.
You may take either of the two books.
You have only to go there.
You don't have to go there.
It is necessary for you to go there.
You had better go there in decent clothes.
Are you going there on business?
You need not go there.
Did you see her there?
You did not say so.
Were you told to do so?
You would be saved a great deal of trouble.
Do you like sports?
You are a nice boy.
You have been busy.
Can you skate?
You'll soon get used to eating Japanese food.
You must start soon.
You had better do your homework at once.
You are to see a doctor at once.
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
Did you soon get used to Japanese food?
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.
You'll soon get accustomed to your new college life.
You will take to this new job before long.
You ought to finish your homework at once.
You must go at once.
You will be able to speak English soon.
You had better send for the doctor at once.
You will be able to play tennis better soon.
You'll soon come to enjoy the food and drink here.
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.
You have changed quite a lot.
You've improved your English.
You're always disagreeing with your boss.
How long have you known Judy?
You are wearing your shirt inside out.
You will soon be able to speak English.
How many of Shakespeare's tragedies have you read?
You have just won a prize of $5000 in a California state safety competition for proper use of your seatbelt.
Do you like San Francisco?
Do you play soccer?
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?
You must make your parents happy.
You will be shocked to hear this.
You must not give way to those demands.
Do you make friends with these boys?
Are you for or against this?
Which will you take, this one or that one?
Which do you like better, this or that?
Do you know what this is?
You don't play golf, do you?
If you take this medicine, you'll feel better.
You should confer with your attorney on this matter.
You may read this book.
You are not to sleep in this room.
You reach him by calling this number.
Did you write this fairy tale by yourself?
You can search for his number in this telephone book.
You are very fond of the lunch menu of this restaurant.
You should apologize to Mrs. Smith for your rude behavior the other night.
You are not allowed to use this car.
Are you going to pay a visit to China this fall?
You will have seen this photograph somewhere.
You don't have to answer this question.
Do you want this watch mended?
How do you account for this situation?
How do you account for this fact?
What do you have to do with this matter?
Had you seen snow before you came to this town?
You're not an expert at this job any more than I am.
Have you read this article?
You can't apply this rule to every case.
Are you the owner of this house?
By whom did you get this English composition corrected?
You have only to push this button.
Do you want this present delivered?
Since you're a member of this sports club, you'll have to conform to its rules.
You look your best in this suit.
I suggest you keep out of this.
Do you have something to do with this group?
Do you know how to use this camera?
Have you ever heard this opera sung in Italian?
You've made remarkable progress in English in the past year.
You haven't mentioned cost, and I won't sign until I know the bottom line.
You do not have to come here.
Are you a teacher here or a student?
You would do well to stay here.
Now that you are here, you can help do the cleaning.
You may as well start at once as stay here.
You may as well wait here.
You have only to wait here.
You shouldn't eat here.
You don't run here.
You can not swim here.
You drink too much coffee.
You must be Miss Kenny.
You are far from a careful driver.
You should have Mr Green correct your English pronunciation.
Do you care for classical music?
You are a pretty girl.
Have you heard of a bird called the Arctic Tern?
Did you go straight home after school yesterday?
What did you do yesterday?
I believe that you will succeed.
Have you ever learned how to play the guitar?
You ought to be ashamed to cheat on exams.
You do your best to put such thoughts out of his head.
Not only you but also I am in the wrong.
What did you do with your camera?
You've made a good many mistakes.
Did you call your friend in Canada?
You need not stand up.
You take after your mother. You remind me of her.
You must help your mother.
You speak like your mother.
You look just like your mother.
How often do you write a letter to your mother each month?
Do you remember your father's birthday?
You had better help your father.
Are you going to write to your father?
Can you do with a light meal for lunch?
Do you like tea or coffee?
You are nodding over your work.
Do you think he is dead?
What do you do in your spare time?
You should be more careful with your money.
You should get your eyes examined by the doctor.
You know many interesting places, don't you?
Do you know which of okra and natto is more gooey?
Do you mean to do without an overcoat?
Do you come from Austria or Australia?
Were you younger than Ellen?
You are welcomed in our class.
You were flat on your back for two weeks with influenza.
You must write your name in ink.
You might avoid an unpleasant experience.
When are you busy?
When do you study?
When did you see him?
When do you go back to Japan?
When will you go back to Japan?
When did you come back from Tokyo?
When do you run?
When did you finish writing the letter?
When are you going to call me?
When do you come and see me?
When do you start for Sado?
When will you come back to school?
When did you get home?
You may fall ill at any moment.
You're always complaining!
You are always complaining about your husband.
You always called me from her house.
You always reserve the same room.
Do you always have coffee with your breakfast?
You are always late.
You should always tell the truth.
You don't have to be perfect all the time.
What time do you usually turn in?
When do you practice the piano?
When did you visit New York?
You will be welcome at any time.
When are you going to quit smoking?
When did you finish the work?
When did you finish writing the report?
When did you begin playing golf?
When are you to leave here?
You will always be welcome whenever you come.
You will know the truth one day.
How long have you been busy?
How long have you studied?
How long have you lived in Sanda?
You will be sorry for it some day.
How many rooms do you have?
How many apples do you want?
You differ from me in some ways.
Do you have any apples?
Do you have a part time job?
Can you tell the difference between an American and a Canadian?
Are you American or French?
Would you like to visit the United States?
You are an American boy.
I hear that you are going to the United States.
You will miss Japanese food in the United States.
Do you think we should import rice from the U.S.?
You had better not sit up late up night.
You are all too quick.
You look at that tree.
You didn't seem to want that book.
You look nice in that red sweater.
Do you think that dress suits her?
Can you see that small house?
What did you do with that car?
Do you know that crying boy?
Do you have something to do with that company?
You must have been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
Do you intend to join that tennis club?
You had better consult with your teacher.
You must accept the king of Spain as your leader.
You may come to regret having told him about your plan.
Are you going to go to Tokyo tomorrow?
Do you think it will be fine tomorrow?
You always bandy words with me: you never listen to me.
Do you believe in UFOs?
You should be back by 9 o'clock.
You can hear the news on the radio at nine o'clock.
You should arrive at school before eight.
Have you ever returned home before seven?
You must get up at six.
You should start between six and seven.
You came at five.
You have three pens.
You have four dogs.
You have two flowers.
Have you been studying for two hours?
You have never been to Okinawa, have you?
How many books do you read a month?
Have you known her since 1990?
You should know better now you are eighteen.
Are you going to carry on your work until ten?
Were you home at ten?
How would you define "happiness"?
You neglected to say "Thank you."
You should turn in your paper by next Saturday.
Did you accomplish your purpose?
Do you like to study?
You must keep in mind that she's much younger than you.
You have only to ask him if he'd like to join us.
Do you know his birthplace?
Do you remember the town where he was born?
You may give this picture to whoever wants it.
You bought the ticket for the train?
You had better go to bed early.
You see everything in terms of money.
Are you a believer?
You cannot climb!
You must hold up your hands.
You have to protect your family.
Are you a student of a private high school?
You think I have nothing to do; but on the contrary, I am very busy.
Did you use my camera?
Do you want me to make coffee?
You've sure got a short fuse today.
Did you carry out your plan?
What time do you go home?
You must study your whole life.
Do you use a word processor?
How often do you wash your car a month?
Do you take part in any community activities?
No matter how capable you are, you're not going to get a promotion.
Do you have a hobby - for example, painting?
As soon as you have done that, I would like you to start preparing supper.
You shall see greater things than that.
You should keep in touch with Mr Smith.
Have you ever heard her sing on the stage?
You must consider this problem as a whole.
You are both pretty and kind.
You say one thing and then act just the opposite.
Did you read that thick book?
Are you satisfied with your job?
Remembering when I dreamed in your arms.
I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your talk.
Go on with your story. That is so interesting!
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
I can't possibly think your story is true.
Your speech was far from satisfactory.
I can't follow you.
Your story doesn't square with the facts.
You have a very crisp way of speaking.
I doubt your good sense.
Do your parents agree to your becoming a flight attendant?
Your parents kept an eye on us.
If your parents heard of your success, they would be proud of you.
I'll look after your child while you are away.
A Mr Jones came while you were out.
I can understand your position perfectly.
I would like to hear your honest opinion.
I wouldn't go so far as to say your theory is completely wrong.
I will give you whatever you want.
Your summary leaves nothing to be desired.
I cannot answer your request offhand.
Your account is empty.
We'll take care of reconfirmation of your reservation.
I'm sorry I opened your mail by mistake.
Is anyone coming besides your friends?
What time did your friend go home?
When did your friend leave for America?
Say hello to your friends.
If your friend reminds you kindly of your faults, take what he says not only pleasantly, but thankfully.
Had it not been for your courage, we would have been killed.
I am filled with admiration for your bravery.
I bow to your superior judgement.
Compare your translation with his.
I appreciate your problem.
You needn't have written your name.
Come and write your name.
Please write down your name.
Tell me what your name is.
Your name stands first in the list.
Your name was dropped from the list.
How do you pronounce your name?
Spell your name, please.
May I ask you some questions about your name?
I will write down your name and address.
Write your name and address.
Fill in your name and address.
Your name was mentioned.
Your name is taped on the case.
How do you spell your family name?
When did your daughter come of age?
The day will surely come when your dreams will come true.
Your dream will come true in the near future.
Your dreams have come true.
May all your dreams come true!
Your pulse is normal.
To your future!
Your sister is the most diligent of all my friends.
Your sister can not speak English.
Is your sister swimming in the river?
I'd like to see your sister.
That sister of yours is always complaining of her husband.
Who does your sister take after?
Listen to me carefully with your book closed.
Will you lend me your book?
Lend me your book, please.
Please lend me your book.
Please take your book off this table.
When is your book coming out?
Here is your book.
What is the acreage of your ranch?
I hope your wish will come true.
May all your wishes come true!
Your hat is similar to mine.
Your hat matches your dress marvellously.
Your visit has cheered him.
I've looked through your report and made some notes on it.
There are a few mistakes in your report.
There are few mistakes in your report.
What is your mother tongue?
Your answer almost amounts to a threat.
Please forgive me for not answering your letter.
Your dress is already out of fashion.
You're a month behind in your rent.
Did you clean your room?
Where is your room?
I never thought of coming to your place.
Are there two windows in your room?
I'm looking forward to seeing your father.
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
I hope you'll get well soon.
I perceive by your face that you have good news.
Your handwriting is similar to mine.
What time is your plane due to take off?
What time does your plane depart?
Your comments were always very helpful to me.
It's your turn. Please come this way.
You are correct in your judgement.
What long hair you've got!
Your hair needs cutting.
Your remark is irrelevant to our argument.
What does your remark have to do with the subject we are talking about?
Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Write the date of your birth.
I feel like I'm being drawn into your eyes.
We deplore your cruelty to animals.
You will be paid according as you work.
Your headache comes from overwork.
Compare your paper with the model one.
Your paper contains too many mistakes.
Your answer is not to the point.
Your answer doesn't make sense.
Your answer differs from mine.
Your answer is correct.
I'm not saying that your answers are always wrong.
Let's check your boarding pass.
Did your efforts come to much?
Your effort deserves praise.
Your efforts resulted in the success.
Please call on me when it is convenient for you.
Could you please re-schedule the meeting at your convenience?
Please come to meet me some time when it's convenient.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
Your suggestion seems irrelevant to our discussion here.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.
I'm all for your suggestion.
It has not yet been decided whether to approve of your proposal.
Stop playing tricks on your brother.
Your subscription expires with the June issue.
Can you show me any evidence for your statement?
I interpreted your silence as consent.
What are your strong points?
I can spot you from a distance with your long, white hair.
I look forward to seeing you on my next trip to your city.
I wish I had listened to your advice.
Your advice will have no effect on them.
I daresay your advice will have its effect on them.
Thanks to your advice, I got over the hardship.
Without your advice, I would have been at a loss.
Acting on your advice, I've decided to exercise more regularly.
If it were not for your advice I would fail.
If it had not been for your advice, I could not have succeeded.
Had it not been for your advice he would have been ruined.
I bought a pen for your birthday present.
Who is your favorite actor?
I will go to see him instead of you.
Shall I answer this letter for you?
I will compensate you for your loss.
You are rude.
You should have your son independent of you.
What does your son want to be when he grows up?
It won't be your fault if your son does anything wrong: he is twenty-five now, isn't he?
The address you are looking for is within a stone's throw of the city hall.
Who sings the best of all the boys in your class?
Don't forget to give my best regards to your lovely wife.
Do you know your forefather?
Your goodwill sank into my heart.
Look at the sign just ahead of you.
Your shipment should be delivered within twenty four hours.
Your explanation is too abstract to me.
Please show me your stamp album.
Don't leave your baby crying.
Is your baby sleeping?
I didn't think this was your seat.
I misplaced your blue pen.
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.
I am happy to hear your voice.
I would like to hear your voice, too.
Your voice reminds me of your mother.
Your student called me.
Your students have given us new hope.
I hope for your success.
I am delighted at your success.
How do you pronounce your last name?
Please allow me to measure you.
I didn't catch your last name.
I can't thank you enough for your kindness.
Your guess is quite wrong.
Your guess is wrong.
Your prompt reply is urgently required.
What is your ultimate goal in your life?
I don't care about your race or age or religion.
One of the greatest dangers in your human relations is self-centeredness.
How tall are you, and how much do you weigh?
I will never forget your kindness.
You were so nice to me, and I had a really pleasant trip. Thanks so much.
I am much obliged to you for your kindness.
We're very grateful for your hospitality.
I'll treasure your kind words.
I'm willing to accept your offer.
I'll accept your offer.
I'll give you our answer after we go into your proposal in greater detail.
I am willing to take your offer.
Your new car looks awfully expensive to me.
I cannot help admiring your new car.
Could you enlarge on your new theory?
Your new friends may laugh at some of the things you do.
I just adore your new hat.
I have to put down your new address.
Let me know your new address.
Is your new car behaving well?
You had better supplement your diet with vitamins.
No matter what your profession, or how happy you may be in it, there are moments when you wish you had chosen some other career.
Your analysis of the situation is accurate.
Your train leaves from Platform 10.
What flight were you on?
How do you like your boss's plan?
If your boss "sacks" you, it means you're fired.
How old is your elder son?
Your detailed explanation of the situation has let me see the light.
I am sure your promotion was timely and well deserved.
Can I be of any assistance to you?
If it had not been for your help, he would have been ruined.
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness.
We do need your advice.
But for your help I could not have got over the hardship.
But for your help, I would have failed.
But for your help, we should not have finished in time.
If it were not for your help, I could not have succeeded.
What are you going to do with your first pay?
Let's leave when you are ready.
I will see to it that everything is ready for your departure.
What should we do with this white elephant your aunt gave us? It's way too ugly to go on the wall.
I want to talk with your uncle.
Let me know your address.
Don't read evil intentions into the ordinary actions of people around you.
Your job hangs by a thread.
Tell me what your hobby is.
Please tell me about your hobbies.
If it had not been for your help, I might have failed.
Your letter crossed mine.
I think your letter is under that book.
It was careless of me to forget to answer your letter.
Your hands need washing.
Would you mind my moving your car?
Would you mind if I used your car?
This car of yours is a real gas guzzler.
Your car exceeded the speed limit.
Your car handles easily.
Your car is three times as big as this one.
Your car was washed by Ken.
I will make up for the damage I did to your car.
May I take a picture of you?
Show your photograph.
Can I keep one of your pictures?
Your question is very hard to answer.
Your question is hard to answer.
It is a matter of principle with him to answer your questions honestly.
Lend me your dictionary, please.
Will you lend your dictionary to me?
Can I use your dictionary?
I've had enough of your boasts.
Can you account for your car accident?
Lend me your bicycle.
Your bicycle is better than mine.
You will find your bicycle somewhere in the neighborhood of the station.
After you with the salt.
Your watch is superior in quality to mine.
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow.
Your watch is on the desk.
Your watch has been found.
Does your watch keep good time?
Try to make good use of your time.
Shall I come to your office?
What is your name?
A 10% tax will be withheld from the payment to you.
I'll do it according to your instructions.
It was my book that your child tore to pieces.
What is your older sister doing now?
Your sister is a good pianist, isn't she?
I want the same dictionary that your sister has.
You've finished your work.
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.
Your work is not altogether satisfactory.
Your work is far from being satisfactory.
Let me help you to do the work.
You won't succeed unless you attend to your work.
Just go about your business and don't keep looking at me.
We will meet after you have finished your work.
I will carry it out if you agree to our plan.
May I accompany you on your walk?
We encourage your participation.
Can I borrow your umbrella?
Your composition is not altogether bad.
Your composition is far from perfect.
There are few, if any, errors in your composition.
Would you show us some samples of your work?
Let me sample your cake.
Your purse is similar to mine.
Your wallet is on the television set.
We are counting on you for financial help.
It's much cheaper to live on grains and vegetables you can grow in your garden.
I would like to get your latest catalogue.
Do you have a recent photo of yourself?
Your left eye is congested.
You'll see the store on your left.
Tell me something about your country.
Do you have much snow in your country?
Do you eat seaweed in your country?
Do people drink tea in your country?
Your conduct allows of no excuse.
Your behavior does not come up to my expectations.
We ask you to account for your conduct.
I will follow you wherever you go.
Your conduct gave rise to another problem.
I really agree with what you're saying.
Please tell me what you think.
Your idea is similar to mine.
Your ideas are in accord with ours.
Your ideas are hardly practical.
Your ideas are all out of date.
Your idea is, as it were, a castle in the air.
I don't know your preference, so please help yourself.
You may choose any book you like.
You may give the ticket to whomever you like.
What's your favorite food?
Who is your favorite composer?
Who is your favorite author?
You can spend your time in any way you want; it's your time, after all.
You can have any you want.
What is your favorite TV program?
I'll buy you whatever clothes you want.
I am very pleased to hear of your success.
We are grateful to you for your help.
Please close the door behind you.
He is always at your back.
After you with the pepper.
Judging from what you say, he must be a great writer.
Don't you think you're putting the cart before the horse?
What you are saying is absolutely wrong.
I don't understand what you are talking about.
Your remarks were out of place.
What you said is not true.
What you said is, in a sense, true.
What you said is right in a sense, but it made her angry.
Your remarks were rather out of place.
I can't fathom what you said.
I guess you're right, Jane.
Granting that you are right, we still can't approve of your plan.
Maybe you're right.
You may be right about that.
Admitting what you say, I still think he is wrong.
While I see what you say, I can't agree with you.
I cannot agree with you on the matter.
I cannot follow you.
We will check to see if what you have said is really the truth.
I understand what you mean.
Accepting what you say, I'm still against the project.
You could be right, I suppose.
It is difficult to believe what you say.
What you say does not make any sense to me.
What you say is true in a sense.
I can not but admit the truth of your remarks.
Could you tell me your present address?
Please tell me your present address.
Your views are quite opposite to mine.
Your research will surely bear fruit.
Your dog is big and mine is small.
Your dog always barks at me.
I'm not trying to deprive you of your rights.
I am anxious about your health.
What's your blood group?
I'm really pleased at the news of your marriage.
There are few but admire your resolution.
Even your faults do not lessen my respect for you, and in friendship this is what counts.
Your words of encouragement meant a lot to me.
Without your encouragement, I should have given up the plan.
A favorable review of your play will appear in the next issue.
Your plan must fit in with mine.
Tell me all about your plan.
Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.
Your plan requires a large amount of money.
Your plan has the virtue of being practical.
Your plan is not in line with our policy.
Your plan is sure to succeed.
I agree to your plan.
I want to be in your plan.
I will not object to your plan.
I'm all for your plan.
I can't keep pace with your plan.
You cannot depend on his support for your project.
I hope your plan will work out.
May we know your bank account?
Read such books as interest you.
Should I have asked your permission?
Is your salary adequate to support your family?
Is your salary keeping up with inflation?
You will be paid a stable base salary plus commissions on sale.
You should try to conquer your smoking habit.
Your argument came across well.
Your duty is to support your family.
If it weren't for your invaluable help, everything would be ruined.
Your prayer will be answered.
I know exactly how you feel.
Could I use your desk?
Your gift will go far towards helping to build the children's hospital.
Attach a recent photograph to your application form.
Please give me your picture lest I forget how you look.
I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Shall I carry your bag?
Which is your bag?
Your college years will soon come to an end.
I want to know more about your school life.
I am looking forward to visiting your school.
Is your school in this town?
Is your school far from here?
How many students are there in your school?
Could you tell me something about your school?
Does every boy have to learn cooking in your school?
Is Japanese taught in your school now?
How many people live in your town?
Your answer is anything but satisfactory to us.
Don't lay your fault at my door.
Let me relieve you of your baggage.
It looks like your luggage is on the next flight.
Do you only have this bag with you?
It's your turn to sing.
Please write about your home.
Your family must be very nice.
We are all looking forward to seeing your family.
I had no difficulty finding your house.
Zeal for your house will consume me.
Your house needs painting.
Your house has a very cozy atmosphere.
Whose house is opposite to yours?
I'll pick you up at your home.
How about your place?
What do you call your father?
How long does it take you to get here from your house by train?
How many rooms are there on the second floor of your house?
Your wife ought to tell you all about it.
Will you lend me your pencil?
Could I use your pencil?
Your assistance is indispensable for us.
Thanks to your help, we were successful.
I'm very grateful for your help.
I'd appreciate your help.
Were it not for your help, I should fail.
We cannot thank you too much for your help.
Your help prevented me from being ruined.
Without your support, we probably won't be able to put this plan into practice.
Without your aid, I couldn't have succeeded.
Without your help, I would have failed.
Had it not been for your help, I could not have done it.
Without your help, I couldn't have finished the work.
Your English composition leaves almost nothing to be desired.
Your English is too good to be in this class.
Your English leaves much to be desired.
Let me take a look at your driver's license.
I've heard about you.
Who is your favorite TV star?
How tall is your youngest brother?
I'll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express delivery.
Please don't limit your opinions just to 'Yes' or 'No'.
Your opinion sounds like a good idea.
How does your opinion differ from his?
Your opinion seems to be out of date.
Your opinion is quite different from mine.
Your idea runs counter to our policy.
Your idea has no foundation at all.
Your ideas sound crazy.
Your opinions are right in a way.
What's your opinion?
I am for your opinion.
They will give way to you if your opinion is reasonable.
But for your steady support, my mission would have resulted in failure.
I would like to use your word processor.
Your robot will prepare meals, clean, wash dishes, and perform other household tasks.
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
Take a fresh look at your lifestyle.
I want to be a good player like you.
I wish I could speak English like you.
I wish I had a friend like you.
Because a man whose manners are as bad as yours must try everyone's patience.
Devote your whole attention to your duties.
Give your whole attention to what you are doing.
I lost your mail address.
I want you to live more like a human being.
You can have any picture that you want.
Your boyfriend got tired of waiting for you and left just now.
I would like to be your pen pal.
Which is your pen?
Would you please make a hyperlink to our corporate site from your page?
Yours is a very strange story.
Yours is over there.
I was anxious to read your letter from Paris.
Please allow me to carry your bag.
Your personal computer is identical with mine.
If it had not been for your foolishness, we would never have been in that trouble.
Please show me your notebook.
I will be happy to attend your party.
Have your roses come out yet?
When do you plan to check out?
Your team is very good, but theirs is the best.
Who is your dance partner?
I will find you your lost ring.
I painted a picture for you.
I've ordered you some dessert.
I think I should do it for you.
Let me get you a ticket to the concert.
Shall I get some for you?
I asked Mom to get some for you.
I am quite willing to do anything for you.
Your account of the accident corresponds with the driver's.
Your speech was appropriate for the occasion.
What's your score?
Choose a dress you like.
Place your skis in an inverted V.
Your skirt is out of fashion.
Your shirts need to be washed.
Do whatever you want.
I like your sarong style skirt.
May I have a signature?
Your site appeals to people who are interested in cats.
I hope that your parents will allow us to marry.
Please do the work at your own convenience.
Your order is ready.
I rejoice in your success.
May this letter find you well and happy!
Your kindness really touches me.
I greatly appreciate your kindness.
We'll never forget your kindness.
I appreciate your invitation, but...
I am very thankful to you for your advice.
Is your husband a picky eater?
I am very happy to hear about your engagement.
How are your studies going?
We know we may count on your cooperation.
I am in full accord with your view.
I think your favourite actress is in it.
Where did you get this photo taken?
I can't think of you as more than a friend.
What should I call you?
I don't mean you.
I'll never forget you.
I didn't quite catch your words.
I hope and I know you did great!
I am quite pleased with you.
How many boys are there in your class?
How many pupils are there in your class?
Your colorful shirt really stands out.
Your bag is on my desk.
That sounds very interesting.
Do you mind my sitting next to you?
I am afraid I can't help you.
I'll be very happy if I can serve you.
Could you spell your name, please?
What's your name and flight number?
Can your mother drive a car?
Your mother is trying to break up our marriage.
Your mother will be back before long.
Your mother will get well soon.
Is your mother at home now?
How is your mother?
Your mother is very young, isn't she?
Please give my best regards to your mother.
Were your mother and father home?
Did your mother make those?
Are you proud of your father?
Suppose your father saw us together, what would he say?
Your father is tall.
Is your father a teacher?
What time does your father leave for his office?
How old is your father?
Your father has been in Paris, hasn't he?
Your father seems very nice.
I am acquainted with your father.
Not only your father but also I am against your plan.
Do you know where your father went?
I'm worried whether your house was involved or not.
We are glad to help you.
Your sister didn't go on a trip, did she?
Your sister has a sense of beauty.
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
Where does your sister go to school?
What's your favourite pastime?
After what you have said, I shall be careful.
Everything came out satisfactorily through your good offices.
Tell me that story you heard from your brother.
Deposit your money in the bank.
What's your favorite television program?
I can hardly wait till I see you.
You make life worth living.
I cannot thank you too much for your hospitality.
Your grandmother is a charming lady.
Whatever you say.
I will do as you say.
Even given what you say, I still think you are to blame.
What you're saying is perfectly viable, but I can't shake off my unease.
I can't hear you very well.
I was interested in your remark.
I can't make heads or tails of what you said.
How old is your uncle?
Your uncle took these pictures, didn't he?
I owe my success to you.
How old is your grandfather?
Thanks to your help, I was able to finish early.
Check your order.
Your order has been submitted.
We are all looking forward to your coming.
I've often heard about you.
You have only to do as you were told.
You were so late coming that I was just about to telephone you.
It's just like you say.
What you say does not bear on our problem.
You're right in a sense.
You don't practice what you preach.
Will you show me your album?
Your advice counted for much.
I cannot do without your advice.
Without your advice, I would have failed in the attempt.
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?
Let me give you an example.
You can hardly expect me to help you.
May I count on you to get me the job?
May I request a favour of you?
Mail for you will be held until you call for it.
Read such a book as will be useful to you.
There's a lady asking for you.
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.
I gave you a book.
Let me introduce my mother to you.
I'm about to tell you the answer.
I'd like you to be my partner.
Do I pay you or the cashier?
Little did I dream of doing you any harm.
Many people would agree with you.
You're wanted on the phone. It's from Tom.
I would like you to assist me with my gardening.
Let me show you many things which will be novel to you.
I wish I had asked you for advice.
I'll do your shopping, clean up the house, and cook your dinner for you.
I have something to talk over with you.
I didn't get your last name.
There's a man at the door who wants to see you at all costs.
I'll make you a present of a doll.
I will buy you a new word processor.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
The president of the company, to whom I introduced you, wants to see you again.
I wanted you to help me with my homework.
I meant to have written to you.
I must beg your pardon.
Might I ask you a question?
May I ask you a question?
I'll tell you about my father.
I will tell you the history of my life.
I will show you my new car.
I am sending you a picture of my family.
I want you to stay with me.
I would like you to go home with me.
We would like you to join our company.
We do not insist that you do things our way.
I am pleased to see you again.
I submit this plan for your consideration.
I will show you how to go to the park.
I tell you this.
I was scared that you might leave me.
I have no intention of telling you the result.
There is an urgent message for you.
I don't have the authority to give you the green light.
I have urgent business with you.
He won't do you any harm.
Here's to you!
I'd like for you to go.
I never see you without thinking of my father.
I am very glad to see you.
It was very nice seeing you again.
It's great to meet you.
Every time I see you, I think of your father.
Whenever I see you, I feel happy.
I never see you without thinking of my mother.
A Mr Ono called to see you.
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.
There's an American girl who wants to see you.
There is a gentleman to see you.
A man who wanted to see you came while you were out.
There's somebody who wants to meet you.
I'd rather you stayed at home.
I will show you some pictures.
Shall I give you something to read?
Let me get you something to drink.
I keep nothing from you.
I'd like to give you a piece of advice.
I have no secrets from you.
I fancy we've met before.
I have good news for you.
What takes you only three days, takes me as many weeks.
I hope you won't mind if I give you some advice.
You have a large family to support; don't play for high stakes.
You heard from him?
You can't imagine it, can you?
You have two brothers.
You'll be told in advance.
I have never clapped eyes on you before.
You have the right to the truth.
I cannot agree with you.
It may seem trivial to you, but for me it's worth paying attention to.
I would have you apply yourself to your studies.
Do you have any brothers?
You may be able to read the handwriting on the wall, but it is Greek to me.
Maybe you don't know this, but nobody could ever take your place.
You have a sense of humor.
I should have told you everything earlier.
Should I have asked you first?
I have a great esteem for you.
Do you have many hobbies?
You have no right to go there.
I am ready to do anything that I can for you, because I owe you a great deal.
I cannot lend this book to you.
You'll be in charge of the girls working in this factory.
Remember I will always be at your back.
It looks very good on you.
Choose friends you can rely on.
When will it be convenient for you?
I will give you the money.
I shall let you see that.
I had hoped to meet you there.
I'll leave everything to you.
This is all I can do for you.
I'd like you to read this book.
I'd like you to translate this book into English.
I can't lend you this book.
I am looking forward to seeing you in this town.
You are the last person I would have expected to see here.
I am glad to run into you here.
I have something good to tell you.
There is a lady downstairs who wants to speak to you.
I would like to tell you something.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr Tamori.
I'm happy to see you.
I think he will be glad to see you.
I would like you to make tea for me.
Can I ask you a favor?
It is a privilege to meet you.
I am delighted to meet you.
I'm very glad to meet you.
It was nice to meet you, and I look forward to hearing from you.
I'm surprised to see you.
There is a woman who wants to see you.
We enjoyed having you as our guest.
How much we pay you depends on your skill.
I have something to give you.
I want you to be an Einstein.
I would like you to meet my parents.
We're confident that you are up to the challenge of the new position.
Since it is you, I have confidence you can solve it.
I just asked because I thought you would know.
What do you figure on this?
Who is it that you want to talk to?
There's something I need to talk with you about.
I look forward to corresponding with you.
Is there any difference between your idea and hers?
I am no more an artist than you are.
You and he are both very kind.
I quite agree with you.
Let me exchange seats with you.
I will discuss the question with you in detail.
I would like to have a word with you.
I make you a deal.
You and I must give him our present.
You and I are men.
You and I are old friends.
You and I are good partners in business.
You and I have succeeded in our attempt.
You and I must understand one another, and that without delay.
Both you and I must take care of the dog.
Your problem and mine are similar.
Between you and me, Lisa, we know that I simply don't like Nick.
There is no time like the time when you and I were young.
Do you remember the day when you and I first met?
It was a great privilege working with you.
Having worked with you was a real treat for me.
I enjoyed your company.
Who is taller, you or Ken?
It is no good arguing with you.
Never have I dreamed of marrying you.
I might as well marry a bird as marry you.
I mistook you for your brother.
It is useless even if I discuss with you.
I liked you even more when I met you.
I'm very pleased to come with you.
Had I better go with you?
It's a lot of fun to be with you.
I really enjoyed your company.
I'm the one who wants to be with you.
I enjoyed your company very much.
I want to make love with you.
I identify with you.
It seems that I met you somewhere.
I'm afraid I differ with you on this point.
I'd like to have a word with you.
I have something to talk over with you, face to face.
How long have you and Jane been married?
I'm glad for this opportunity to work with you.
Nice talking with you.
I enjoyed talking with you.
May I talk with you?
May I have a talk with you?
Being with you makes me feel happy.
I will come with you.
You and your friends are invited.
You're a life saver.
You're so set in your ways!
You're such a pack rat.
You're a wonderful guy.
How would you deal with the problem?
You young people have no sense of humor at all.
I remember seeing you all somewhere.
You must not look down on old people.
Are you students?
Do you walk hand in hand?
You are all our guests tonight.
You can go there in a boat.
You are both in the wrong.
Who is going to play the part in your play?
May you have a very happy married life!
Have you met each other?
Not only you but also he is in the wrong.
I imagine you're not the only one, Mr Bark.
You alone are my hope.
You are my only resort.
You're the only one who can help me.
It's OK with me if it's OK with you.
You are the very person I have been looking for.
People of your age often have this problem.
Who is the man that you were talking with?
Are you aware of the fact that you are not spoken well of?
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
You were seen to cook.
If you are to be a good world citizen, you should try to be free of any prejudices.
Please phone me when you have settled down.
She will come if you ask her.
I'll lend you the book, provided you return it next week.
I will go if you come.
Tell me the time when you will come.
I'll be so glad if you can come.
Let me know the days when you can come.
I'm glad that you'll come.
They were disappointed that you could not come.
It is a pity you cannot come.
I'm glad you could come. Please make yourself at home.
I'm glad you could come.
I am looking forward to meeting you when you come.
If you care to come, you will be welcome.
What was it that you wanted?
I'll get you whatever you want.
Take as many as you want.
Your encouragement will draw her out.
I can't blame you for breaking your promise.
Your father will lose face if you don't keep your promise.
May you return home safe!
What is it that you really want to say?
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.
I know that you are busy.
I know how busy you must be, but I need your answer to my last email before I can proceed with the project. Can you take a moment and write me back?
You came out of the room.
What was the music you were listening to?
Who will look after your cat while you are away?
If I had known about your illness, I would have visited you in the hospital.
It is surprising that you should know her name.
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.
I can't imagine your not knowing her address.
It is strange that you should know nothing about her wedding.
You might well ask her why she dislikes you.
You will do well to leave her.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with her.
I am surprised that you should not know of their marriage.
You can be sure that the money you give them will be put to good use.
He will be sleeping when you get to his house.
You can tell him for all I care.
It's no use your begging him for help.
Judging from what you have seen of him, this fellow is not a coward.
I will never force you to marry him.
For all you say about him, I still like him.
He will go swimming, whether you go with him or stay at home.
Will you show me what you bought?
The camera that you bought is better than mine.
It's your deal.
I'll look after the children while you go shopping.
If you act like a fool, you must be treated as such.
I will take care of you when you are old.
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
I thought you were Japanese.
While you are about it, please make a cup of coffee for me, too.
We will miss you terribly if you leave Japan.
Was he still here when you arrived?
Prior to your arrival, he left for London.
There is nothing for you to be angry about.
It is natural that you should get angry.
I was disappointed that you didn't call.
I was taking a bath when you called me.
You don't have to be discouraged because you are not a genius.
Read whatever books you think proper.
It is no use your resisting.
I saw you making eyes at Mr Nagashima.
Give up smoking if you want to live long.
Please visit as soon as you get into town.
She was astonished that you spoke Chinese so well.
I know that boy whom you don't know.
You must remember to tell him all that you know.
Let's look at the path that you've walked so far.
It's a better line than when you used to call me from the university.
When you dislike others, you are disliked by them in turn.
We are hoping for your quick recovery.
That you have come early is a good thing.
If you concentrate all your energies on the study of English, you will master the language.
It's all the same to me whether you will go to sea or not.
I'll leave a key with my next-door neighbour in case you get here before I do.
I don't think there is any need for you to explain.
Listen to those whom you think to be honest.
Granting that you are honest, that is no proof of your innocence.
It has dawned upon my mind that you are in the right.
By the time you land at Narita, it will be dark.
I am pleased at your success.
Is there any place you recommend?
Whom do you respect most in your life?
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
Food you eat which you don't like will not digest well.
He would have failed in his business but that you helped him.
If it had not been for your help, I should have drowned.
Without your help, I would have been unable to do it.
We will keep it for you until you leave.
I want to see you before you go.
Please be careful not to forget to lock the door when you go out.
Your help will save us a lot of work.
If you will help me, we will soon finish.
If you help me, I'll try it again.
What's the name of the man whose car you borrowed?
I think it is dangerous for you to drive a car.
It's your turn to answer the question.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
I was afraid that you had failed.
It is necessary for you to think about your life.
Do it yourself.
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.
If you can read the following, we can communicate in Japanese, too.
That you will pass the exam is certain.
I am pleased that you have passed the exam.
I'm relying on you to help us.
Everyone will be happy if you help us.
I am glad to help you whenever you need me.
I will accept the work, provided that you help me.
Do you want me to wait until you come for me?
You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours.
The problem has arisen simply because you didn't follow my instructions.
I am very grateful to you for what you've done for my family.
I do not expect you to subscribe to my opinion.
Pretend you're me.
I'm glad you like my present.
Either you or I should visit her.
Either you or I will have to go.
Either you or I will get the first prize.
Either you or I will have to do it.
Either you or I must attend the meeting.
I know nothing about him beyond what you told me.
It is kind of you to talk about it for me.
The magazine which you lent me is very interesting.
As you treat me, so will I treat you.
Tell me what you want me to do.
I'll do whatever you want me to do.
It is kind of you to lend me the money.
Either you or I am in the wrong.
We have no objection to your joining us in our club.
Either you or I am right.
I remember you often went to Betty's house to tea when you were a little girl.
When was it that you first met her?
What is the amount of money you spend?
Dinner will be ready by the time you have finished your work.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
Whether you agree or not, I cannot change my mind.
I'll sweep the floor while you wash the dishes.
Will you show me what you bought yesterday?
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.
Here's a comfortable chair you can sit in.
If you are tied up now, I'll call you back later on.
I want to know what you did this summer.
It seems hard for you to see him today.
What you have just said reminds me of an old saying.
If you leave now, I'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam.
What is it that you want me to do now?
Who has made you what you are now?
I'll miss you when you're gone.
It makes no difference to me whether you go or not.
It's all the same to me whether you go or stay.
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.
We regret that you have to leave.
If you don't go, I will not go either.
You may invite whoever you like.
I do love you.
She said 'I love you' to me.
As you are sorry, I'll forgive you.
He will come if you call him.
I am feeling quite pleased about what you've said.
What you said was in the main right.
You say "ditto", and that's not the same as "I love you".
I know you are clever.
I can't study with you watching me.
It's quite natural that you should think about marriage.
When you get married and have kids, you'll realize that actions speak louder than words.
It makes no difference to me whether you are rich or poor.
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.
If you don't do your duty, people will look down on you.
What you were taught is wrong.
I received great benefit from your teaching.
I understand you are going to spend your vacation in New Zealand.
The artist, whose paintings you liked, is a friend of mine.
There is one important fact of which you are unaware.
What was your mother doing when you returned home?
By the time you get home, all the cherry blossoms will have fallen.
I'll be in bed by the time you get home.
There are a few points where you are mistaken.
Tell me the reason why you were late for school.
This letter arrived while you were out.
We often hear you sing.
Please look through these papers at your leisure.
I found your coat after you left the house.
Whatever you say will set her off crying.
No matter what you say, I am convinced that I am right.
I can't make out what you are trying to say.
Tell me what you mean.
I know what your game is.
Tell me what you are looking forward to.
No matter what you may say, I will not change my mind.
I will lend you any book that I have, so long as you keep it clean.
With your help, our plan would succeed.
It will be hard for you to speak English.
English will take you a long time to master.
The thing that you are intending to carry does not need to be carried.
Pick out the shirt that you like best.
Who is your favourite TV star?
I cannot consent to your going alone.
Let me put it in plain language you can understand.
It is dangerous for you to travel to a foreign country by yourself.
It will be late autumn when you get to London.
I want to split up, but I know I couldn't even if I tried.
I've been looking forward to hearing from you for weeks.
I have got a letter from you.
I found your letter in the mailbox.
I can't seem to find your last e-mail, I wonder if you can resend it to me.
I can't believe I misplaced the party information and registration you sent to me.
We are looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I have been hoping to hear from you.
We look forward to receiving your prompt reply.
I wonder if you received my e-mail on January 10, since I have not heard anything from you yet.
I will come on Wednesday evening unless I hear from you to the contrary.
I would like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
Is it the case that you have done it?
I think it a pity that you do not study harder.
If you had left earlier, you would have caught the train.
What would you do if you had, say, ten thousand dollars?
I know you must be buried in your mountain of mails, but I wonder if I can hear from you regarding the mail I sent you last week?
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris.
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.
For all you say, I still believe in the truth of the theory.
I can not believe you, whatever reasons you may give.
Whichever route you take, you will get there in time.
I miss you so much.
I envy you so much.
No matter where you go, you will be welcomed.
I see why you don't want to go there.
When you don't know what to do, ask the host.
No matter who you are or where you are from, one thing is certain.
You should think of their religions.
Did you talk for a long time?
You are supposed to introduce yourselves in turn.
You were in the second year of middle school last year, right?
You need not be afraid of making mistakes.
Did you have a good time at the party?
I don't mind your smoking.
I don't agree with you smoking.
I'm surprised to see you smoking. You didn't used to.
Do you love each other very much?
I have spoken to you of earthy things.
I'm afraid your request for a pay raise was turned down again.
You should do all you can to help your neighbours.
Without your help this plan would be impossible.
I will try to live up to your expectations.
When is your school festival?
I'd like to join your group.
Which of you will try first?
You will save your father a lot of worry if you simply write him a letter.
You yourselves can testify to what I said.
I'm sorry that you should think that way.
I cannot abide hearing you cry so bitterly.
I wasn't aware that you were so ill.
It is strange that you should know that.
I hope you'll think better of it.
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.
The time will come when you will regret it.
I hope that you will like it.
There is no necessity for you to do that.
It will cost you $100 to fly to the island.
I think it natural that you should take the matter into consideration.
I think it dangerous for you to cross the river.
Please tell me what you saw then.
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.
I'll wait until you finish the work.
How long has it been since you gave up teaching at that school?
It is strange that you should know nothing about the matter.
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
The meeting will have broken up by the time you arrive there.
It's natural for you to think so.
Since you say so, I think I must believe it.
You get paid in proportion to the amount of the work you do.
I will do whatever you tell me to do.
When you said you'd look after Spot, you knew there'd be responsibilities.
I am glad to hear that you have got well.
I do hope you will come and visit us soon.
One of the most important things you have to do right now is to carry out the plan.
It is necessary that you go there at once.
If you don't go skiing, I won't, either.
You just have to do as you're told.
Either you or Jane has to go there.
I am relieved that you are safe.
How nice to see you up and about again so soon!
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
I will help you in selecting the best from these clothes.
I would like to see the trees from which you picked these apples.
Let us know whether you can come.
It is worth your time to read this book.
I express my cordial thanks for what you have done for this city.
How long is it since you bought this car?
You'll be in charge of the women working in this factory.
You understand best how to use the machine.
What miraculous sign can you show us to prove your authority to do all this?
We hope that you will be able to join us at this seminar.
I'm sorry you're leaving us.
You were fortunate to be here.
I don't mind your staying here.
Look at this old coin you have here.
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.
I wish you had come to see me yesterday.
It was wise of you to accept his offer.
I know you are hiding yourself behind the curtain.
I was disappointed when I heard that you couldn't come.
I'd like to see you when you are free.
What a pity it is that you can't come!
It may be unwise of you to advertise your presence.
It is a pity that you can not come.
We are glad you are coming.
I want to go wherever you're going.
I'll miss you very much if you go.
I'll miss you very much.
What a lonely world it would be with you away!
I'll miss you.
We miss you very much.
Tell me the reason why you want to live in the countryside.
Whenever you come, you will be our guest.
You will find a hearty welcome here whenever you call.
Let me know when you will arrive at the airport.
May you always be happy!
What you have said reminds me of a strange experience I had a few years ago.
One of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine.
Can you describe the situation you were in?
I am very happy that you have agreed to that plan.
If you insist on going alone, please do so.
I will be studying when you come at seven.
Please bring my book up when you come.
I was expecting you at 11:00 a.m.
You came into my room.
Do to others as you would have them do to you.
What happened to you last night?
Did you and Joan have a blow up?
The announcer can talk rapidly.
The announcer spoke English.
What do announcers do?
She'll be gone abroad in another six months.
In a few days, the baby will be able to walk.
Several more companies are moving to enter the lucrative pet food market of the country.
When will we arrive?
Your plan to buy another PC is out of the question.
We're almost there.
We could really use another person around here.
I left my address book in my room.
There was a bug in my Address Book and many addresses including yours were deleted.
Adolfo likes his new school, but really remembers his friends at his old school.
Thank you for the time you spent with me during my visit to Atlanta.
Can I get a connecting flight to Atlanta?
Do you think the Braves will take the series?
If we can just make it through one more month, we'll be sitting pretty.
I will tell you the rest tomorrow.
I'm troubled with atopic dermatitis.
Time will do the rest.
Thank you for your advice.
Only afterward did he explain why he did it.
Mr. Fuji died, leaving 4 children behind him.
How soon does the concert begin?
I'll call you later.
How much time do we have to finish this?
I'll order that later.
I'll come to your house later.
Please explain it to me later.
He was a kind man, as I later discovered.
What followed was still worse.
Let's check it later.
Please call me at my hotel later.
I'll call him back later.
Would you please come again later?
I had hoped to get another 50,000 miles out of my car, but it gave up the ghost on the expressway and it would cost too much to fix it.
I have another two letters to write.
Final exams are two weeks from now.
I have got only a week left before school starts.
This work will be finished in a week.
Christmas is a week away.
The new year will come in an hour.
I will be free in ten minutes.
Just stay off your feet for the next couple of weeks, and you'll be just fine.
I walked aimlessly about the street.
A cargo vessel, bound for Athens, sank in the Mediterranean without a trace.
I made an apple pie for you.
Please help yourself to some apple pie. I baked it for you.
It happened in a flash.
He disappeared in an instant.
Before we knew where we were, the dust storm was on us.
Out of my way, boy.
Please go away and stop annoying me.
Let's check that shop, too.
Oww! Oww! Oww! The bath water is too hot.
Tom may have been sick.
I think Mr Ashe has just got to have a cigarette.
Here he is!
The impudent child extended her legs across my lap.
Oh, here they come!
Oh, the phone's ringing. It must be Machiko.
Hey Taro! It sure has been a while! How're you doing?
There goes the bell.
There goes our bus.
Oh, no! I almost forgot!
I'll write you as soon as I arrive there.
We can see Mt. Fuji over there.
Please write to me when you get there.
I will show you around.
This is the man for whom I have been waiting.
I found holes here and there.
There are clumps of daisies here and there.
There are beautiful lakes here and there.
I have looked for it up and down.
The sun was shining all around.
High-rises are going up all over the place.
When I looked about, I found a letter on the desk.
I looked around, but saw nothing.
All is quiet.
There came a complete silence. You could hear a pin drop.
There was complete silence. You could hear a pin drop.
All around is silence.
All was calm.
There is nobody about.
I saw nobody around.
I observed that it had already got dark.
There were flowers all around.
It is Eve that sets Adam on.
Adam was furious with me when I broke his watch.
While Adam was rock-climbing, he fell and broke his leg.
Mr Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
I feel ill at ease with her.
I know him.
I don't know what to do now.
I will buy a watch at the store.
So far as I know, there is no such word.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
The girl walking over there is my daughter.
See the boy and his dog that are running over there.
Fifteen years have passed since we went there last.
I'm afraid that place is a little too expensive.
That's an exclusive golf club.
The dealer gave an old Nissan to me for 200,000 yen.
That building must be on fire.
That place's food is great, and their prices are good, but the fly in the ointment is their terrible location.
Look at those empty cans there.
Let me treat you to a cup of coffee at the coffee shop over there.
Turn at that corner there.
There used to be a drugstore on that corner.
To get technical information from that company, we first have to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
I wonder if we could have the table over there.
Look at the sports car over there.
It's at that counter.
What is the nationality of that cameraman over there?
Please show me that one in the window over there.
What's the nationality of that cameraman over there?
Who is the woman standing there?
Look at the tall pretty girl standing there.
The fellow standing over there is my friend.
Do you know the name of the boy standing over there?
The man who is standing there is my father.
The man standing over there is Mr Smith.
The man standing over there is the owner of the store.
The boy standing over there is my son.
We can see his house over there.
It is illegal to park a car there.
Can you see the big white building over there?
You will see a red house over there.
Just step right over there.
We see a sleeping car there.
The man sitting over there is a famous singer.
You see a tall building over there.
It is rumoured there are treasures hidden there.
That boy over there will be Tom's brother.
Just look at that female over there.
The boy over there is bowing to you.
It's easy to see the fireworks from over there.
You can ask the child who's playing over there.
The students studying over there are my friends.
Let's rent a bike there.
What is going on there now?
Look at her putting on airs over there.
The girl singing over there is my sister.
What were you doing down there?
They sell many types of food and grocery products.
You can't buy it anywhere but there.
That is the office where he works.
A form appeared from over there.
That's the house where Tom was born.
When we rush to complete our work, we make needless errors.
The ASEAN nations have come a long way.
If it should rain tomorrow, I won't play golf.
I have to buy one tomorrow.
I wonder if it will be fine tomorrow.
I will go to the sea if it is fine tomorrow.
Please remind me to write a letter tomorrow.
I'll call on you at your office tomorrow.
In case it rains tomorrow, we should make another arrangement.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home.
I am going to do it first thing tomorrow.
Take two aspirin tablets.
Could you send up some aspirin?
Aspirin has no effect on the blood pressure.
What does aspirin consist of?
I am allergic to aspirin, penicillin, and sulfa drugs.
I have to take an examination in history tomorrow.
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.
It will be fine tomorrow.
Tomorrow never comes.
Let's leave tomorrow morning.
By tomorrow morning all the world will have been covered with snow.
I'll do that first thing in the morning.
What will you be doing at this time tomorrow?
It will have been raining for a week by tomorrow.
I am to call on Mr Smith tomorrow.
I will speak to you tomorrow.
I'll get in touch with you by phone tomorrow.
I'll call for you at 8 tomorrow morning.
I hope the weather will clear up tomorrow.
I have to give a testimony in the courtroom tomorrow.
There is no telling what will happen tomorrow.
I will stay home tomorrow.
I'll be free all day tomorrow.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.
What's the forecast for tomorrow?
Do not oversleep tomorrow morning.
May I be excused from tomorrow's class?
The assistant took the money.
The assistant kept $2.
After the assistant returned $1 to each one, each man had actually paid only $9.
The hydrangea blooms in June.
The seal kept its balance well on the large ball.
The imports from Asian countries have expanded recently.
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.
Asia is much larger than Australia.
I am interested in Asian history.
People of Asia must work together.
Asian religions inspire him to create splendid sculptures.
Many peoples live in Asia.
There are many people in Asia.
In Asia men usually precede women when walking.
Students from Asia studying abroad speak English too, just as Japanese students do.
The seals surface more frequently then, so a bear's chance of catching one at a breathing hole is greater after nightfall.
Being active at night may relate to the behavior of seals, which feed at night on various fish that come up closer to the surface.
Come the day after tomorrow.
I will have him come here the day after tomorrow.
The applicant will be coming to see you the day after tomorrow.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I will stay at home.
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
The bearded god had promised to return someday in the same way he had left.
The beard does not make the philosopher.
His beard made him look older by ten years.
Only in theory, the project is possible.
The punch on the jaw brought me to my knees.
He persisted in his opinion.
Don't do wicked things.
He was an American, as I knew from his accent.
I'm always bored with films that have little action.
I can tell by his accent that he is German.
I'm speechless.
Achilles was an ancient Greek hero.
To my dismay, he was caught cheating in the examination.
You may as well give up.
Don't give up. Stick with the job.
If you keep trying, you will make progress.
Akira is using that same dictionary that his father used as a student.
Akira went out for a few minutes.
Akira can play tennis well.
Akira is a good tennis player.
Akira is good at playing tennis.
Akira will stay in New York while his money lasts.
What does Akina have on?
Do you mind if I turn off the light?
As a light goes out, so a man dies.
Frankly, I don't like him.
Would you please refrain from smoking when babies are here?
If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright.
I dared to support his opinion.
You need not take the trouble to go.
At the risk of sticking my neck out, I think that if we do that, we're making a big, big mistake.
You don't have to cancel your vacation.
Dare you ask me another question?
I will not presume to give an opinion.
I make a special point of avoiding that shop.
Before Einstein, scientists used to think that space had no end.
I love the outdoors, but I hate bugs.
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
Einstein was far in advance of his time.
Einstein loved playing the violin.
Einstein's theories contributed greatly to modern science.
Einstein's theory of relativity is Greek to me.
Such scientists as Einstein are rare.
Theoretical physics was child's play to Einstein, but he couldn't figure out his income tax.
We associate Einstein with the theory of relativity.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
Einstein has been dead for nearly forty years.
I'm hopeless at ironing so I buy permanent press clothes.
I burned my hand with an iron.
The Irishman replies.
Ireland is famous for lace.
Ireland and England are separated by the sea.
Iris, what do you usually eat for breakfast?
Irene Pepperberg holds a round tray in front of a parrot she has named Alex.
We should put out a call for bids.
I'm afraid the line is busy.
I'm sorry, my mother's not at home.
I'm sorry, my father is out.
I'm sorry my father is out.
I'm afraid we don't have any left.
To my great disappointment, she didn't come.
Unfortunately he refused to come.
Unfortunately, the store was closed.
Unfortunately I hit the morning rush hour.
As it happened, my grandmother was not at home.
Unfortunately, there was no one around.
Unfortunately I was not in time for his speech.
As it happens, I have left the camera at home.
Unfortunately I have no money with me.
I don't happen to have your application on hand at the moment.
As it happened, my grandmother was not at home that day.
Unfortunately, it rained yesterday.
As it happens, I have no money with me now.
Unfortunately it rained.
I picked a most unfortunate time to visit him.
Sorry, but he is out now.
I'm sorry, today is fully booked.
I'm sorry, but I can't accept your invitation. I have other plans on that day.
Unfortunately, I missed seeing the movie.
I'm afraid I can't accept your invitation.
I regret to say that the product you have asked for is currently out of stock.
As it happens, she is absent.
As it happened, I left my homework at home.
I'm sorry, your line is busy.
At the pop star's concert the fans were swarming around the foot of the stage.
Accepting the other's norms is submitting to the other's power.
Ai and Mariko are close friends. They go everywhere together.
There is no shortage of ideas.
He shot at me.
I wouldn't push him too far. You don't know what he might do. I'd say you can't be too careful. They say even a doomed mouse will bite a cat if he has no choice.
He's a different person when he's drunk, so I don't like to drink with him.
He shall die.
I will give him trouble.
He gives me chills.
They passed out.
The sight of him is hateful to me.
What fools they are!
I don't think they've fully adapted to the working world yet. They still seem like students.
They are out of hand.
He's not a very meticulous guy.
I'll take my revenge on him at all costs tomorrow.
Bastard hung up on me.
He's likely to be late so you'd better tell him again that the meeting time is seven to make double sure.
He is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
She got tired of his waffling and dumped him.
He is really a perfect idiot.
He is a daredevil.
He's got money to burn.
He is too dumb to fear danger.
He is no better than a thief.
He is a shame of the town.
That fellow is a thorough fool.
Oh, he eats like a bird.
That fellow can't tell right from wrong.
He was the cock of the walk.
He is a formidable opponent.
He is a spoiled child.
Watch out for him. That guy can really hold a grudge.
He is so heartless.
He is a poet or something.
They say fine words are no virtue if they're insincere and that's him in a nutshell. He's all talk but doesn't mean a word of it.
He has a sharp tongue.
He has a smooth tongue.
Don't tell him. He's got a loose tongue.
He is nasty.
He is a tough customer.
He has more lives than a cat.
All those tricks he's got up his sleeve make him a formidable client.
He is a self-willed fellow.
He has an evil countenance.
He should have worked harder.
He is a hard boiled egg.
What an oddball he is!
He is busy loafing on the job.
He is no ordinary man.
He is very mercenary.
That fellow is a cool hand.
That man is notorious as a gambler.
He is the dumbest kid in the class.
He's a car nut. Ask him anything.
That guy is always asking his parents for money.
He is complaining about something or other all the time.
Who the devil was that?
He's a big show-off when girls are around.
That guy really burns me up.
He is a good joker.
Finally, he lost his temper.
He's a goner.
I find just the memory of his overly polite patronizing manner really offensive.
His talk bores me to death.
I gave him a stern talking to.
His little sister is very cute, isn't she?
It constantly appalls me how stupid he can be.
I'll put his courage to the test.
He is a jack-of-all-trades.
I have to cover his loss.
I'll kill him.
I don't like his smart way of talking.
I have had quite enough of his jokes.
I don't live in his pocket.
You don't have to listen to what he says.
Don't take any notice of what he says.
Nobody likes him, because he is always blowing his own horn.
I'll bewitch him into a frog!
You can trust him with any job.
He made up a pretext for a fight with me.
I was deceived by him.
I'm up to here with him!
I can't abide that fellow.
I don't know what to do with that guy. No matter how mad I get at him he just takes it in stride and pays no attention.
Anyone who criticizes him is asking for trouble.
I absolutely will not speak to that fellow again!
I've done with him for the future.
I don't get along with that guy.
I wonder where he is hiding.
He's always talking like a big shot, but it won't be long before all his faults are exposed.
He lives a freewheeling life. I think he ought to settle down a little.
He called me a stupid boy.
You're crazy if you think he's on the up-and-up. The only reason you can say that is because you don't know what he's doing behind the scenes.
He looks suspicious.
He stole my purse from me.
I don't care what they say.
He hurled defiance at me.
The idea that he is going to make a speech is laughable.
He buggered it up.
It must have been something really big for him to strike a triumphant pose like that.
That man is a wet blanket.
He is buttering up to his boss.
Ouch! My foot!
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.
Ice hockey is an exciting sport.
The ice cream vendor is waiting on customers at his outdoor stand.
Give me three ice creams, please.
Two ice creams, please.
Ike doesn't seem to be up to the mark today.
It is still as cold as ever.
No wonder he failed the exam, after wasting so much time like that.
Ah, you're leaving tomorrow!
Look! There's a plane taking off.
Ah, me!
Now I remember.
How awful!
Whatever I say, he has a comeback ready. You can't get a word in edgewise.
How glad I am!
Well, here we are at last.
Wow, we're finally in Paris. Where should we visit first?
Armstrong was the first man to reach the moon.
Ah, I've failed again!
Oh, I do wish I could go to France.
Arnold teaches us to see the object as it really is.
Arnold is concerned with cases of dual personality.
Arnie, can you hold on until help comes?
I love art and quiet evenings at home.
Oh yeah, that's right. I was supposed to meet some friends in Shibuya at eight.
Oh, yes, I remember.
Archie made a move on her.
Oh? I want to see him, too.
A beautiful object like that never loses its value.
Am I hungry!
If he goes on like that, he will never amount to much.
It would be better for you to stay away from such a man.
Break off with such a man as that.
I felt utterly out of place among those sophisticated people.
A politician like that gets my goat.
A man like that gets on my nerves.
These bus ladies seem to like to do so.
That kind of behaviour affects your honour.
Sofas like that don't come cheap.
Don't do anything like that again.
Oh man! I was sure this was going to work out.
Oh, the toast is burned black.
The long rain makes me sick.
Oh, the train is being delayed.
Yes. She used to be a very shy girl.
Oh, have you?
Yeah, I've always thought it's as plain as the nose on your face.
How I wish I could go, too!
Oh, what a scare!
Alas, she died young.
Ah, when will they meet again?
Alas, he died young.
Yeah, I've had it forever.
Alas, what ill luck has befallen me!
I wish I were a bird.
Oh! I know the man.
Oh, I have a good idea.
Yes, I'm coming.
Well, I just remembered.
Aha, you did it, didn't you?
Oh, is that the way you milk a cow?
Oh, don't worry about it.
He cried how silly he had been.
Oh! how awful!
Oh, take your time. I'm in no hurry.
Well, we've finished at last.
Alas! We are ruined.
Well, I have to go now.
I'm dying for a beer!
Ah... maybe tonight...
Oh, a bath, please.
Oh, how kind you are!
Oh, by the way, do you know where she lives now?
Oh, yes. I sometimes see him on TV.
Oh, just fill out this form.
Ah no. It's not as though I always have everything.
Oh, thank you, kind sir.
Oh, yeah, the CD player.
Look! There goes a shooting star.
Oh, the lights went out.
Oh, I was disconnected.
Uh oh, I saved over it.
Here comes the train!
Argh! My computer froze up again.
Oh, no! We're running out of gas.
We have detected an abnormality on your x-ray.
The symbol "X" usually stands for an unknown quantity in mathematics.
Where is the XXX department?
We understand that the Woody Panel retails for $80.
What do the letters WHO stand for?
WHO stands for World Health Organization.
The wider the V angle, the slower the speed.
Do you accept Visa?
I'd like to pay for this with my Visa card.
What does USSR stand for?
U.S.S.R. stands for the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
USA stands for the United States of America.
The initials USA stand for the United States of America.
UN stands for the United Nations.
What does UN stand for?
Something looking like a UFO made a sudden turn then disappeared into the distant sky.
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.
We lost sight of the UFO right away.
Some believe in UFOs and others do not.
A UFO is flying in the sky.
You could pass for a teenager if you wore a T-shirt.
T-shirts and jeans are not suitable for this occasion.
In the word "tomorrow", the accent is on the second syllable.
I have a subscription to Time.
I want one ticket for 'Three Bigs'.
The TGV goes faster than any other train in the world.
We would like to ask you to reduce the prices quoted for STL#3456 by 5%.
The letters STEP stand for the Society for Testing English Proficiency.
SOS, please help!
Do you like SF movies?
I like science fiction better.
What does SFX stand for?
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.
What does PTA stand for?
What is the precise meaning of "precise"?
Do you know what PKO stands for?
Can you explain what PKO stands for?
I wonder if it would be possible for you to introduce me to Mr Harrison of PC Interactive Co. Ltd?
What do the letters P.S. stand for?
OK. I'll take a day off and treat you.
NTT cancelled telephone cards with over 300 units.
Can you direct me to NHK?
You can visit NHK any time.
Who do you think is the best coach in the NFL?
Who do you think is the best centre in the NBA?
He didn't have MMR shots in Japan.
The magazine Look is no longer being published.
May we use the language lab?
It is called a lily.
The L.A. Lakers have got the game in the bag.
I like L.A. better.
Which do you like better, L.A. or New York?
The movie K-9 is showing.
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.
You get on the JR Chuo Line.
How many minutes does it take to get to the JR station on foot?
Where is the baggage for flight JL 123?
Could you tell me where I can find the baggage for flight JL 123?
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
Far from refuting the thesis that race is to blame for lower IQ score, Lynn's data actually supports it.
Can you please let me know the most suitable person in INF Co., Ltd?
IMF stands for International Monetary Fund.
People are buying iMacs the same way they buy household appliances.
International Business Machines Corporation is headquartered in Armonk, New York.
The accent of "guitar" falls on the second syllable.
What does G.N.P. stand for?
GNP is measured as the total market value of all the goods and service produced by a nation during a specified period.
The GNP will rise at nearly a 4. 5% annual rate.
General Motors laid off 76,000 workers.
I can only import GIF files.
GE announced the acquisition of the company Laku for $30 million.
FEN does not carry domestic news.
Could you send me a map by facsimile?
The EC countries are working out a new security pact.
The EC countries have a huge stake in the talks.
What does EC stand for?
Desktop publishing lets you produce books quickly and cheaply. It's like killing two birds with one stone.
As the attendees of the DTA General Meeting will be offered the block rate, when you reserve Marriott Hotel for me, please notify them that I will attend it.
"Doc" is an abbreviation of "doctor".
It shouldn't be permitted to store samples of DNA.
Don't confuse "dare" and "dear".
D.H. Lawrence is a novelist and poet.
When the flight crew has their aircraft under control, everything is working normally and yet it still crashes into the ground, that's CFIT.
How many CDs do you have?
CDs have taken the place of records.
Compact discs have entirely taken the place of phonograph records.
"Call up" is a phrase that means to telephone.
There seems to be a slight difference on the treatment of the B factor between their approaches.
Go up to ground level at exit B2.
B. Franklin was an American statesman and inventor.
A Ltd.'s annual report is worth having a look at.
In the case of Mr A there is no excuse.
Two second-class tickets to Boston, please.
I'd like a round-trip ticket from Boston to New York.
I'd like two one-way tickets from A to B.
How much time does it take to get from A to B?
A Airlines flight 112 bound for Tokyo will be delayed 30 minutes.
Access to A is available from B.
Long on A and short on B.
A is the first letter of the alphabet.
A is 5 times as long as B.
What is the difference between A and B?
Draw a line from A to B.
Where do you place the stress in the word "Australia"?
The letters ASEAN stand for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
Apr. is an abbreviation for April.
ALS slowly destroys the nerves and muscles needed for moving your body.
ALS had made his hands and arms too weak to hold a pen or to type.
AI stands for artificial intelligence.
Would you please put me in touch with the General Manager of Overseas Sales of AB Software Ltd?
I'm a holder of ABC Travel Insurance.
Mr Gardner of ABC Corporation is staying at the Marriott Hotel during Feb 20-27, and would like very much to meet with you.
The ABC company is in the red again.
According to the ABC news, another jet-liner was hi-jacked in the Middle East.
Welcome to the management team at ABC Japan.
"A spot of shut-eye" is also called a cat nap because a cat is in the habit of sleeping only a few minutes at a time.
Take the express on track 9.
Her brother nearly died in a traffic accident nine years ago.
I have just received your letter of the ninth.
There is no bus service after nine-thirty.
What time will we reach Akita if we take the 9:30 train?
You should arrive at school before nine.
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?
You have to be home by nine o'clock.
I will be back by nine.
I must get there by 9 o'clock.
It is five minutes to nine.
Can you come at nine?
I'm afraid I can't make a nine o'clock appointment.
He did not come back until nine o'clock.
Would 9 o'clock be all right?
It is nine. I'm afraid I must be leaving now.
I'd like to take a 9:30 flight.
Do you think you could make it at 9:30?
I barely made the 9:20 train.
It's a quarter past nine.
In September, there are just a few people here and there on the beach.
He was eager to return to school in September.
There are lots of jellyfish in the ocean in September.
I'm taking maternity leave from Sep.30 to Oct.14.
Bases loaded, two outs in the ninth inning.
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.
Please read page ninety-four.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
Few people live to be ninety years old.
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.
Is it just eight-thirty?
The curtain time is at 8:00.
It has just struck eight, hasn't it?
As it was past 8 p.m. we called it a day.
Since he started at eight, he ought to be there by now.
Come to my house at eight.
Get me up at eight.
It is a set rule to go to school at 8 o'clock.
We expect to arrive at Heathrow Airport at eight.
I'm going to check out at eight.
I'll meet to you at eight.
You may catch him, if you call at his office before eight.
I'd like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
Let's get cracking at 8.
Would 8:30 be convenient for you?
I'll have to catch the 8:15 train to Paris.
In late August, they set off on a long journey for breeding.
On a sultry night in August a new theatre opened for business.
There is no school during August.
Can you absolutely assure delivery by August 15?
I am going to summer school from August 10.
I'm taking a leave of absence from Aug. 10 till 31 to attend a seminar in Germany.
It's on the eighth floor.
Eight is the double of four.
$8.50, please.
I suppose then an 8-Gigabyte hard drive will be adequate.
Subtract three from eight and you get five.
If you take 3 from 8, 5 remains.
This is Room 839.
Not a few people live to be over eighty.
Take a bus number 7 as far as Seventh Street.
Successfully demonstrated a new product in 7 districts.
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.
I missed the 7:00 train.
See you a little before 7.
See you about 7.
That'll be around 7:00.
It is close to seven o'clock. We have to go to school.
It is close to seven o'clock.
See you a little past 7.
Come here before seven o'clock.
You can go out on condition that you come home by seven.
By 7:00 she will have eaten dinner.
I have to be there by 7:00.
I have to be back home by seven.
Please come to the lobby by 7 o'clock.
Can I hang out here till seven?
Please wait until seven, when she will come back.
I saw it after the seven o'clock news.
She went to bed, having set the alarm for seven.
I'll call you at seven.
See that you are ready to leave like that.
I want you to wait for me until I get through with work at 7.
I got up at seven.
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
I will be waiting for the bus at seven.
See you at 7.
I will call for you at seven.
Don't fail to be here at 7 o'clock sharp.
Please call me up between seven and eight.
I'll be back by seven or eight o'clock.
Please call me at about 7:30.
My seven-year-old niece said to her brother, I'll tell on you.
The weather is usually hot in July.
I wonder if the first week or so of July is too early to go to the beach.
Industrial production in July rose sharply.
One day in July, we went to the sea.
The Star Festival is in July.
It's cool today for July.
July 4th is a red-letter day in America.
Thank you for your letter of July 25 and the fabric sample.
With regard to your letter of July 22nd, I enclose our most recent catalogue.
I'm taking a vacation from July 20 through August 8.
I will start working on July first.
Would you please pick me up at the hotel on Friday July 11th at 10:00 a.m.?
I received your letter of July 10.
We'll pay you on demand any day after July 10th.
On July 10, we will open our Sapporo branch.
Have you got a seven-yen stamp?
Seven is believed to be a lucky number.
Seven is a lucky number.
Seven is said to be a lucky number.
Seven is sometimes considered a lucky number.
Seven dollars, please.
That's $7.65, please.
What are the seven seas?
The top leaders of seven countries attended the meeting.
Seventy or eighty years is the normal span of a man's life.
For a man of seventy, he still has surprising vigour.
The seventy-year-old man kept his twenty-year-old wife at home all the time; he had a dog-in-the-manger attitude.
I missed school for six days.
The average of 7, 10, and 16 is 11.
In the 6th century, the Anglo-Saxons adopted Roman characters.
We need accommodation for six.
It's no easy matter to maintain a family of six.
Six professors constitute the committee.
Six members constitute the committee.
One-third of the six members were women.
A half-dozen tools make up the tool collection.
Come home by 6:30.
Dinner will be ready by six-thirty.
It'll arrive in Chicago at 6:30.
I want to catch the six o'clock train to New York.
You should come home before six.
Got up at six, and left home at seven.
After six hours' climbing, we finally succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
The medicine has to be taken every six hours.
Take this medicine every six hours.
Any time will do so long as it is after six.
After 6 p.m. the employees began to disappear.
Let's wait until six o'clock.
Wait till six.
I cannot start till six o'clock.
I must have it done somehow by six.
I'll be waiting for Tom until 6 o'clock.
We're all booked up at 6:00.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
Can we still catch the 6:00 Shinkansen?
My airport shuttle bus leaves at six o'clock.
If we are to be there at six, we will have to start now.
I don't mind leaving at six o'clock.
Let's meet at Shibuya Station at six.
I'll pick up the photographs at six o'clock.
Please wake me at six.
I don't mind getting up at six.
Come home before six.
Please pick me up at the hotel at six o'clock.
I'll call for you at six.
I have an appointment with him at six.
I'd like to reserve a table for four at six.
Six o'clock will suit me very well.
Will six o'clock suit you?
I will pick you up around six.
I got up at about six.
I've been waiting since six o'clock and still my turn hasn't come.
Please give him a dose of medicine every six hours.
Children of six and above should attend school.
From about age 6, I led the life of a latchkey kid.
June is the month when we have a lot of rain.
We have many rainy days in June.
It rains a lot in June.
It is a cold morning for June.
What time is convenient for you on June seventh?
I'd like to reserve a single room on June 3.
I'd like to cancel my appointment for June first.
Here is the final agenda for the meeting on June 16.
He counts up to six.
Yeah, I asked about six times.
I am six feet tall.
Add six and four and you have ten.
Six high-tech companies set up branch offices in that prefecture.
I have expected his death for six months.
Six months later we were married.
After a six month period, his leg was healed and is normal again.
Six months is a long time to wait.
I haven't bought a pair of shoes for six months; I deserve a new pair so I think I'll go buy them!
People of 65 and above get a pension from the government.
Americans who are over sixty-five make up 12.5% of the total population.
Six hundred and forty-four ... and she went to sleep.
I took the 61 bus.
What do you have to add to 17 to get 60?
Thank you for letting me know that the Model 600-J printer will not be available until May 4, 1997.
No less than fifty thousand people visited there.
We had hardly waited for five minutes when the bus came.
My bag was here five minutes ago, but it is gone now.
Five minutes' walk brought us to the park.
We had already walked five minutes when were caught in a shower.
Go down the street for about five minutes, and you will see the department store to the right.
I had not run five minutes when I got out of breath.
I will be back in less than five minutes.
Please wait for five minutes.
I have five copies, but I need twice as many.
Take any train on track 5.
I'd like to get off at Fifth Avenue.
You should take the number 5 bus.
How do I get to Gate 5?
In about the fifth year I decided cutting the grass was something I didn't want to do any more of.
At the beginning of the fifth year, Tony said he was going to have to charge more.
Five years is too long to wait.
I had retinal detachment five years ago.
I agreed to her suggestion that we meet again five years from then.
It's because he lived in the United States for five years.
I saw Yoshida for the first time in five years.
Throughout the five years of painful cancer treatments, he managed to keep a stiff upper lip.
Give me five days.
It rained five successive days.
We should be able to complete the work in five days.
Five fire engines rushed to the scene of the fire.
Five thousand yen is enough to buy this dictionary.
Five thousand dollars is a large sum of money.
Five pitchers are to take the mound in rotation.
Five prisoners were recaptured, but three others are still at large.
It will not be long before one out of five people owns a car.
I have an appointment with him for five-thirty.
We must begin before five.
I'll call you around five o'clock.
In case you go out before 5, just let me know.
You must be here by five.
You are free to go anytime, as long as you get back by five.
He can go out on condition he comes home by five.
Be sure to come here by five.
You may go on condition that you return by five.
Don't fail to come here by five.
He'll be back by five o'clock.
I'd like to get home by five.
Do you think it impossible to finish the task before five?
I want to finish this work by five.
Please wait till five, when he'll be back.
I am to meet him at five at the station.
Could you arrange to be here at five?
Would you please call me up at five o'clock?
There is no admission fee for children under five.
I wanted to be a bus driver when I was five.
May comes after April.
In May the trees have fresh leaves.
It's even very cold in May.
The doctor can see you at ten on May seventh.
The 5th May is Children's Day.
I want to make a reservation for JAL flight one to Tokyo on May 12.
Would you please meet me at Yaesu central gate of Tokyo Station on Monday, May 10th at 3:00 p.m.?
Please cancel my reservation on JAL flight two to New York on May 10.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
Five miles is a long distance to walk.
Five miles is a suitable distance for a picnic.
Do you have a five-pound note?
Can I borrow five pounds from you?
5 is less than 8.
Four times five is twenty.
Here's $5.
5 dollars in quarters and a dollar in dimes.
I have little more than 5 dollars.
Add 5 and 2, and you get 7.
He died aged 54 years.
Where are the bags from Flight 57?
You have a personal tax exemption of 500,000 yen.
Compared to fifty years ago, today's aviation technology has made great progress.
Fifty years ago anyone could have bought the land.
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years.
You gave me only fifty cents.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
No less than fifty passengers were injured in the traffic accident.
As many as fifty students gathered to hear his lecture.
There were 20 failures among 50 applicants.
He must be over fifty.
Write in less than 50 words.
It's 50 yen.
Follow the street for about 50 meters, and you will see a post office.
I'd like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
Are you able to grant us a special discount of 5% for 50 sets of the product?
I was late, so I missed flight 501.
There were as many as five hundred people present.
No fewer than five hundred students were present.
500 policemen were put on strict alert.
Can you lend me 500 yen?
Can you sell the book to me for 500 yen?
Five hundred dollars is a small sum for him.
I have about 5,000 yen.
We'd like a deposit of $50.
It is easy to add 5 to 10.
I walked three-fourths of a mile.
For four years, he cut the grass at the original price, but I noticed that toward the end of that year, he had a helper with him quite often.
I haven't heard a word from them in over four years.
Four boys amused themselves playing cards.
Four boys are making their way along the street.
She rented a four-room flat.
The fourth period was moved up to the third.
Take this medicine every four hours.
Could you keep my bags here until four?
I will help you if I have finished my work by four.
He wouldn't be available until four.
At four o'clock, they arrived at the hotel.
Call me at four; I must take the first train.
I am leaving at four.
I made an appointment to see the doctor at four o'clock.
At four we could go home.
Let's take the 4:10 train.
April is the fourth month of the year.
Many kinds of flowers come out in the middle of April.
The birthstone of April is diamond.
You must return the book by the end of April.
Our rates increased in April.
In April we have a lot of school events.
The cold weather extended into April.
It's rather cold for April.
Public utility charges will go up next April.
The salary will be raised from April.
There's to be a strike on April 6th.
We suggest April 6 as a date for your visit.
I'd like to meet you either on the morning of April 5 or on the afternoon of April 6.
Would you please arrange to meet with me either on the morning of April 5 or 6?
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April 5 or 6?
On April 1, Nanyo Foods Co. Ltd. will move to its new building in Yokohama.
Four multiplied by two is eight.
Having failed four times, he didn't try anymore.
You can make 4, 6 or 12 payments.
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.
By the time we had walked four miles, he was exhausted.
Four miles is a good distance.
I'd like to buy two 45-cent stamps, please.
It will cost you 45 cents.
Please transfer 450 dollars to my account.
Please put me through to 442-5511.
It's in front of a restaurant on 42nd street.
The following is what he started to think, as he made his way to room 418.
400,000 gallons of oil have spilled out of the pipeline.
We ordered 40 minutes ago.
Forty years passed.
I got out of the car at 40th Street.
A man shouldn't be a pastor until he's in his forties.
The class of forty includes eighteen girls.
It was not until he was forty that he began to study German.
He must be nearly forty.
Run in the 40 meters.
Forty miles is a good distance.
Bear in mind that half one's life is lived after forty.
You need not write more than 400 words.
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.
No less than 40 percent of students go on to university.
Take three steps and jump.
Do you know the reason why two-thirds of the students did not attend the student meeting?
Will you notify me after 3 minutes?
The third star belonged to a certain king.
The age of the carpet is a third thing to consider.
I had a stillborn baby three years ago.
I came to Tokyo three years ago and have been living here ever since.
The war began three years later.
Peace has returned after three years of war.
Three years is a long time, I feel.
After three straight late nights at work, I feel like I'm drowning in work.
It rained three days on end.
Please come in three days.
It was not until three days after that I knew she had disappeared.
It has rained for three days on end.
He stayed there for three days.
I will answer within three days.
Let's make it about a three-day trip.
The reply came after three days.
We lost by a score of three to one.
He's beating me, three to zip.
Three ships were given to him by the queen.
Even three centuries ago, most Western Europeans still used their fingers.
A gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight.
Three men menaced him with knives.
The three men had 50 pounds among them.
The three people gave three different accounts of the accident.
All three hated one another.
The three neighbours helped each other.
Three Chinese students were admitted to the college.
There were three men.
Three men jumped out, rolled an old mower down the ramp.
Three men broke out of prison yesterday.
Three big men attacked him and stole his money.
Three babies crying incessantly gave me a headache.
Three students made short speeches and introduced themselves and their countries.
The three boys opened the doors of the building.
Three boys climbed the trees like a bunch of monkeys.
Three children were playing in the park.
Each of the three boys won a prize.
Three candidates ran for President and he was elected.
Three children sat on the sofa.
Three nurses attended the dying minister night and day.
While one of them sped around major parts of the property on the mower, a second made a few sweeps at some tall weeds on the edge of my wife's garden, and the third got into the truck and smoked a cigarette.
Who runs the fastest of the three?
I am the oldest of the three.
Of the three boys, the youngest is the most attractive.
This meal is adequate for three.
Three people are still missing.
After spending three weeks looking for a job, he found a well-paid one.
The weather stayed cold for three weeks.
It was three weeks before she wrote an answer to Tom.
Who has been absent from school for three weeks?
We have French in third period.
After three hours of discussion we got nowhere.
It began to rain heavily more than three hours ago.
Can you extend my stay until three o'clock?
Please wait until 3:00. She'll be back then.
I expect him to be here by three.
Let's have tea at 3:00.
Call her up at three.
I went to his house at 3 o'clock, but he was out.
I have an appointment with the dentist at 3 o'clock.
Let's make it three.
I'll call for you at three.
Come to my room between three and four.
I can come at three.
Please come here at 3 o'clock precisely.
I'd like to make an appointment for my three-year-old son.
An orphan at three, he was brought up by a distant relative.
How about $100 for three?
March comes between February and April.
March winds and April showers bring forth May flowers.
At the end of March we'll marry.
In March, many flowers come out.
I would greatly appreciate it if we could change our appointment to 3:00 pm on March 6.
March 3 is the day of the Dolls' Festival.
We feel that March 1 would be more convenient.
It has been announced that railway fares will be raised by 10 percent starting on the first of March.
On March 15 we will have been married for 20 years.
March 15 will be my last day of school.
Please reconfirm the reservation by March 10.
The sum of all the angles in a triangle equals 180 degrees.
I threw up three times.
If you add three to four, you get seven.
3 to the third power is 27.
3 multiplied by 5 is 15.
Add 5 to 3 and you have 8.
If you add 3 to 3, you get 6.
The average of 3, 4 and 5 is 4.
After three months, he got used to the life in the town.
I will have spent all this money in three months.
Because a new commodity is announced, it is in good supply every three months.
It will be three months before our new school building is completed.
It is difficult to speak three languages.
I'll be staying here for three months.
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.
The closest I have is a 38.
For 381 days, the buses of Montgomery travelled back and forth on their routes, almost empty.
May I borrow a duplicate key for Room 360?
I received your Model 345 in good condition.
How do I get to Gate 33?
Take it to the men in Room 318.
The car broke down after half an hour's driving.
You should have left half an hour earlier.
You ought to have started half an hour ago.
Please come back after half an hour.
I'll be over in half an hour.
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.
Go on running for thirty minutes.
You have to come back in 30 minutes.
We succeeded in breaking the door open after trying for half an hour.
If I have to wait 30 minutes, I'll order later.
It took half an hour.
Let's break off for half an hour and have some coffee.
Given only thirty minutes, we couldn't answer all the questions.
It leaves every thirty minutes.
I run to the toilet every thirty minutes.
Fashions of thirty years ago have come back in style.
I'd like to confirm my reservation for the 30th.
No fewer than thirty people were present.
All of a sudden, the thirty-story skyscraper went up in flames.
Count up to thirty.
Let's begin at page 30.
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
For three hundred years they have farmed the surrounding land.
You are covered with a $300 deductible.
Over three thousand people attended the concert.
You should stay in bed for three or four days.
If you agree to buy 3000 of them, we'll give you a 3 percent discount.
Two tears fell down her cheeks.
Twenty thousand yen, please.
I'd like two prints of each.
Two stockings are called a pair of stockings.
I couldn't drink both bottles, so I left one for you.
The two streets run parallel to one another.
The two roads cut across the street from us.
The two streets intersect at right angles.
Advance two steps.
I want to rent an apartment with two rooms.
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.
Both dogs are asleep.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
The second sentence was just as long.
Do I take the second street on the left?
The second argument deals with the naturalization of foreign workers in Japan.
They're in aisle two.
I had an abortion two years ago.
I had an ectopic pregnancy two years ago.
I saw her somewhere two years ago.
I lost the eyesight in my right eye two years ago.
Let's meet together two years from today.
Two years have passed since I last met you.
Two years is a long time to wait.
The prisoner who escaped two days ago is still at large.
I have a reservation for two nights.
After two days our food gave out.
It has snowed for two days.
It has been raining for two days.
I have had to stay in bed for two days.
I tried twice, but neither try worked.
We covered three states in two days.
Do you still trust him after he broke his promise twice?
Never again did she enter the house.
Never tell me a lie again.
Don't be late for school again.
Don't ever do that kind of thing again.
Not a few people have two cars.
The two cars collided with a crash.
The two buses resemble each other at first glance.
You should compare the two motorcycles.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
Do you have a double room?
Both are alive.
The comparison between the two was to his disadvantage.
They have announced their engagement.
They are now man and wife duly married.
The two men understood one another perfectly, and had a mutual respect for each other's strong qualities.
The two people were shaking hands heartily as if they had not seen each other for years.
They got out of the bus and walked two kilometres in the hot sun.
They had their marriage registered on February 5.
The two lovers sat face to face, drinking tea.
The two friends have formed a deep bond of friendship.
Two soldiers kept guard at the gate.
Two men are trying to get a handle on what's wrong with the car.
Two men were on watch round the body.
I saw two men struggling for the knife.
There is a wide gap in the opinions between the two students.
Two people think of her as their daughter.
Two gentlemen have been waiting to see you.
A quarrel estranged one boy from the other.
The two boys became intimate friends at the camp.
The two ladies smiled at each other.
There were two women on board.
Two women are taking it easy on a bench in the park.
There was a violent clash of opinions between the two leaders.
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.
There were two children playing on the street.
The two candidates are struggling for mastery.
Two policemen arrested a burglar. They caught him sneaking into Mrs. Miller's.
The two boys cooked their meal between them.
The two brothers couldn't get along with each other.
Love began to grow between the two.
The two students will be talking to each other.
I met two foreigners, one was from Canada, and the other from England.
There was a great gap between the views of the two.
Either of the two must go.
He is the more diligent of the two.
That looks like an awful lot for two people.
Two's company, but three's a crowd.
Are both of you ready to go?
They are both very excited.
The couple was quarrelling and Chris knocked Beth down.
We stayed an extra two weeks in Paris; and we spent it seeing the sights.
Two weeks ago, I visited Disneyland for the first time.
I had been thinking about our new project for two weeks, but I couldn't come up with a good idea.
Please come again two weeks from today.
He will get better in two weeks.
It will go away by itself in two weeks.
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
I will be back in two week's time.
Two weeks went by.
The two companies plan to unite.
The two companies are competing with each other.
I had been working for two hours when I suddenly felt sick.
I'll be back in two hours.
How about the one which starts two hours later?
I'll be back within two hours.
We start here in two hours.
Two hours is too long to wait.
I was kept waiting for as long as two hours.
Communications have been cut off for two hours because of a thunderstorm.
I slept only two hours. No wonder I'm sleepy.
I missed the two o'clock plane.
We had a late lunch at two.
If they started at two, they should arrive at six.
I'm going to see her off at the airport at 2:00.
I made a doctor's appointment for two.
Would two o'clock be all right?
I have been writing since two o'clock without a break.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
I'd like to get a medical examination for my two-year-old daughter.
Can a two-year-old boy run that fast?
The trade imbalance between two nations should be improved.
The path between the two houses was blocked by snow.
The two houses stand alongside of each other.
Two houses were burned down in the fire.
Can we meet February 28, around 3:00 pm?
With regard to our appointment on February 27, I regret to inform you that I will not be able to keep it because my business trip schedule has been changed.
I would like to confirm the following for our meeting at our office on February 27.
Could we see each other for about an hour on February 27 at 3:00 pm?
I am free all afternoon on February 27.
This is to confirm the appointment we made to meet at your office at 10:00 am on Monday, February 27th.
I have not received the goods scheduled for arrival here on February 15.
Anybody with at least a two-digit IQ knows this was a politically biased choice.
On February 14 Americans celebrate St. Valentine's Day.
There's a good view of Mt. Akagi from upstairs.
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.
Go upstairs and go to bed.
Some kind of party upstairs kept me up till one last night.
We have two spare rooms upstairs, neither of which has been used for years.
Would you mind carrying it up the stairs for me?
Can you bring down my trunk from upstairs?
The alarm was heard ringing at an early hour on the second floor.
There is a bridge two miles upstream.
It's about two miles.
Walk two blocks, and turn left.
Four is an unlucky number in Japanese.
Two pints are equal to a quart.
Two is the fourth root of sixteen.
Twice two is four.
The sum of two plus three plus four is nine.
Turn right at the second corner.
Two problems remained unsolved.
Of the two stories, the latter story is better.
There is only a marginal difference between the two.
The two factions gang up with each other.
There used to be a bridge between two river banks.
May I ask a couple of questions?
The two classes were brought together into a larger class.
The two countries were united under one government.
There does not seem to be any difference of meaning between the two constructions.
There doesn't seem any difference of meaning between the two constructions.
There's a vital link between the two.
Two pictures were doubled.
Two families live in the same house.
There is not much difference between the two opinions.
Nobody can do two things at once.
Two groups united to form a party.
The two clubs united to form one.
By installing two carburetors that racing-car enthusiast souped up his motor considerably.
It was very important to her which was the more beautiful of the two.
Choose either one or the other.
The two teams competed in the final game.
Please pay a deposit of two month's rent.
We read the meter once every two months.
I had a whiplash injury two months ago.
By the age of 25, she had lived in five different countries.
Do you have any quarters?
I'm near the on ramp to 25 north.
Give me 20 quarters and the rest in dimes.
Two hundred fifty kilograms is an extraordinary weight even for a sumo wrestler.
Is it open round the clock?
Read the passage on page 22, please.
Flight 226 takes off at 10:30.
The 21st century is going to be based on economic power.
The twenty-first century starts in just a few years.
The 21st century belongs to Asia.
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?
The twenty-first century begins in 2001.
Please wait in front of Room 213.
I want to make a person-to person call to 212-836-1725.
Can I call you back in twenty minutes?
I will call back in twenty minutes.
I'll be back in twenty minutes or so.
Twenty years is a long time.
I have kept available the afternoon of the 20th and the 21st, and would like to know if Mr Grant will be available for a meeting on either of those two days.
Many young women in their 20s plan to go abroad during their summer holidays.
There is no telling how far science may have progressed by the end of the twentieth century.
In the course of the twentieth century all this changed.
Out of the students, only one had read that book.
Twenty police have arrived on the scene.
A toast to your 20th Anniversary!
If I were twenty, I could vote.
Don't smoke until you're 20 years old.
She did not decide to be a singer until she reached the age of twenty.
No less than twenty houses were burnt down.
For quantities of 20 or more, we can allow you a special discount of 10% on the prices quoted.
If we place an order for more than 20 units, would you reduce the price?
We could see the summit of a mountain twenty miles away.
We deliver your order free of charge within a 20-mile limit.
Twenty miles is a long distance to walk.
Some 20 issues have been agreed on.
Prices have been reduced by 20 to 40 percent.
Can you make change for a 20-dollar bill?
Twenties and some smaller bills, please.
I'd like three twenties, six fives, and the rest in ones.
Twenty teams entered the tournament.
By 2030 twenty-one percent of its population will be over sixty-five.
By the year 2020, the population of this city will have doubled.
Two hundred people died of cholera last year.
Sum up the passage within 200 words.
2001 is the year when the 21st century begins.
Tuition will be raised by nearly ten percent as of April 1, 2001.
2. Cut the daikon into long sticks.
Two, four, six, etc. are even numbers.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the shore.
I saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago.
Could you spare me a few minutes?
I had hardly walked for a few minutes when it began to rain.
I have a few minutes to spare.
Your gums will get numb in a few minutes.
I'll get it through in a couple of minutes.
I'll be with you in a few minutes.
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.
I want to extend my stay here for a few more days.
I saw him at the station a few days ago.
You'd better stay in bed for a few days.
Please take a rest for a few days.
A few days' rest will do you good.
It'll pass in a few days.
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.
It was not until a few days later that he arrived.
It was not until a few days later that the news arrived.
He stayed there a couple of days.
He will be back in a few days.
The blossoms will be out in a few days.
You'll be all right again in a couple of days.
I wonder if you would mind lending me your car for a couple of days.
Call me every few days, and in that way we can keep in touch if something happens.
I've been there a couple of times.
A few students were left behind.
The leaves will turn red in two or three weeks.
May I ask a few questions?
You'll have bleeding for a few hours.
Can you pick out a few good books to read?
Apart from a few minor mistakes, your composition was excellent.
Except for a few mistakes, his composition is perfect.
Apart from a few faults, he is a trustworthy partner.
A few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the Arctic.
With first base open, he walked the batter.
Can you exchange a 10000 yen note into 50 pence coins?
Can you break a 10000 yen bill?
It will cost more than ten thousand yen.
Ten thousand yen will not cover the expenses.
Will ten thousand yen do?
You need great endurance to run ten thousand meters.
A fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water.
A dead leaf fell to the ground.
The output power of a one square meter solar panel is about one watt, so it is difficult to use solar power on a large scale at present.
I had scarcely walked a minute before I met him.
He missed the train by a minute.
I had hardly waited a minute when he came.
We can ill afford to lose a minute.
Because just one minute costs nearly four pounds.
It's only six pence per second.
The house was empty except for a cat.
A grasshopper and many ants lived in a field.
A cat appeared from behind the curtain.
A dog is running in the park.
Could you please put me up for the night?
I'd like two singles for three nights from the 21st for about sixty dollars a night.
We have a single for 50 dollars per night.
I'd like a double for four nights from tonight for about fifty dollars a night.
A cup of hot soup relaxed me.
I would rather work for any company than waste another year.
It is an exciting time of the year.
Compared with the level of a year ago, the price is sharply lower.
I wish he could have driven a car a year ago.
I have not heard from her for a year.
In the course of a year my son grew stronger.
I'll have you all speaking fluent English within a year.
The first season of the year is spring.
The weather changes very often at this time of year.
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, fall and winter.
How many seasons are there in a year?
A year has twelve months.
I'll see to it that you have a raise after the first year.
A year had passed by and his body turned to dust.
I was feeling blue all day.
I am dead tired from walking around all day.
They were pretty tired after having worked all day.
It has kept raining all day.
He was playing tennis all day.
I've been working all day.
I got tired of lying in bed all day.
We are gaining a day.
It's impossible to do the sights of Tokyo in a day or two.
There is always heavy traffic here at this time of the day.
How many cruises are there each day?
Please be sure to take one dose three times a day.
Take the medicine three times a day.
I cover twenty miles a day.
It is next to impossible to see Rome in a day.
Do you have any day tours?
We have more apples than we could eat in a day.
At the end of every day, his back was tired and his legs hurt.
I go shopping every other day.
Be sure to take medicine three times a day.
An elephant was hunted there.
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America?
It was Janet that won first prize.
A monster lay on a rock near the top of the mountain.
I've won first prize!
Little did she dream that she could win first prize.
Never did I dream of winning first prize.
Everybody fails once or twice.
There is but one chance left.
I must buy one.
A car stopped at the entrance.
A truck was careering along the road.
A pair of gloves was left in the taxi.
He makes a religion of never wasting a penny.
Ten million yen will be ample for the project.
A century is one hundred years.
A boy was walking with his hands in his pockets.
One lives in Fukuoka, and the others live in Niigata.
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.
One is in Kumamoto and the other in Tokyo.
An old woman limped along the street.
An old lady guided us through the castle.
A man stood waving his hand to me.
A man appeared at the door.
All but one was present.
A student was run over by a car on Basin Street.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him around.
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.
A girl drowned in the pond yesterday.
An ugly man knocked on my door.
A watchman sat with his legs crossed.
I would like to travel alone.
Get on the bus one by one.
I have not had a bowel movement for a week.
I feel completely restored after a week in the country.
I plan to stay there a week.
I'll be staying here for a week.
It had been snowing for a week.
Down fell the house a week later.
He got a hard box after a week.
It's been a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I will call you within a week.
I made up my mind, then and there, that I would get the necessary million dollars within a week.
The results will be back in a week.
I've been waiting for you for over a week.
It kept on raining for a week.
I haven't had a square meal for a week.
I was allowed to take a week off.
How often, in a week, do you take a bath?
Let's get together here once a week.
I can do it in a week.
I will get the work done in a week.
It is impossible to finish the report in a week.
Can you do without smoking for a week?
It was a week before she got well.
The news turned out true in a week.
I'll take three of each sort.
What do you have the first period?
The first class begins at 8:30.
Take the medicine every hour.
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.
He left an hour ago.
The man who telephoned an hour ago was Frank.
We will leave in an hour.
I'll call you up again in an hour.
I'll be back in an hour.
We'll arrive there within an hour.
I've been looking for them for more than one hour.
He will be back in an hour.
We've been driving in circles for an hour.
She can do 90 miles an hour.
I will be back in an hour.
I must finish my homework in an hour.
I'll finish it in one hour.
It is hard to get through the work in an hour.
I got warm from jogging for an hour.
I will come to you in an hour.
I will call you in an hour.
I'll be back in an hour or so.
I'm afraid he won't be here until 1:00.
Let's meet at one o'clock.
A new dictionary has been projected.
Put a word in parentheses.
January is usually the coldest month.
We expected that we should have a warm January, but we hear that this winter is the coldest in twenty years.
Exports in January were up 20% over the same period of last year.
Exports in January totalled $10 billion, a record for the month.
The price in January advanced 20% year to year.
Thank you very much for your letter of January 7th.
From the 5th to the 15th of January, please.
For three nights starting January 3rd, please.
I'm taking bereavement leave on Jan. 30 and 31.
Here are the proposed agenda items for the meeting on January 28.
We'll release the final agenda on the morning of Monday, January 20, so please reply quickly.
January 1st is a day when many Japanese go to the shrine.
The all-day DTA Technical meeting on Tuesday Jan 14 was attended by 32 people from 18 DTA firms.
The first term starts in April.
Did you receive my e-mail of January 10?
My grades have improved since first semester.
I'd like seats on the first floor.
The downstairs was rented to a bookseller.
I succeeded in my first attempt.
I can't afford to waste a single yen.
A bird flew into the tree.
A bird was flying in the sky.
A yard is equal to three feet.
A meter is not quite equivalent to a yard.
A metre is 100 centimetres.
Begin to write, leaving one space blank.
I had hardly walked a mile when it began to thunder.
I had not gone a mile when it began to rain.
A mile is equal to about 1600 meters.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
There is a page missing.
Please make three copies of each page.
Can you spare a buck?
Do you have any ones?
Could you give me change for a dollar?
One dollar is equivalent to 110 yen.
A dollar is equal to a hundred cents.
I was fined a dollar.
I don't have a cent, let alone a dollar.
Have you got change for a dollar?
Give me $1.00 back, please.
I'd like to ask a question.
I found them all but one.
I can afford one, but not both.
Why don't we share a room?
Every time a species dies out, we lose forever a part of our natural world.
Just as one gesture can have many different meanings, many different gestures can have the same meaning.
For one thing, I am busy; for another, I have no money.
For one thing, I'm busy; for another, I'm not interested.
For one thing I have no money; for another I haven't the time.
No sooner has one typhoon passed than the next one approaches.
A pair of canaries are her only friends.
Rows of houses, each of them different and pleasing with their spacious gardens, are replaced by purely functional blocks of flats which have nothing more to commend them than over-praised 'modern conveniences'.
We will have to consider each application on a case-by-case basis.
Nine players make up a team.
A team is composed of eleven players.
It is cheaper to order by the dozen.
If we had been in Venice a month prior, we could have taken part in the carnival.
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.
Come back within a month.
A month has passed and the work has made little progress.
We cannot live on 150000 yen a month.
It's impossible to learn English in a month.
I lived for more than a month in Nagoya.
Count from one to ten.
Give him an inch and he will take a yard.
Does the 19 bus go to Main Street?
Not until the end of the nineteenth century, did plant breeding become a scientific discipline.
Even at the end of the nineteenth century, sailors in the British Navy were not permitted to use knives and forks because using them was considered a sign of weakness.
The nineteenth century was the age of the white man's civilization.
During the 19th century, many inventions were developed.
The 19th century saw the Industrial Revolution.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants swelled rapidly.
I am 19 years old.
Subway fares will be raised as of April 1st, 1999.
Japan's exports exceeded imports by $77.8 billion in 1998.
Here is the demand forecast for 1998.
Here are the proposed agenda items for the meeting on June 16, 1998.
Please settle this account by October 28, 1998.
In 1997, the world was surprised again when Mother Teresa died.
In 1995, Andou received architecture's most prestigious award.
In 1994, there was a shortage of water and rice in Japan.
The Conservative Party won the election in 1992.
There were twice as many university applicants in 1992 as in 1982.
As of 1991, the population of this city is around one million.
The 1990s began with the Gulf War.
Technology will make a lot of progress in the nineties.
The 1990s began with the Gulf incident.
1990 saw many incidents.
What were the chief events of 1990?
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.
One October morning in 1987, Stephen Hawking sat before his computer.
It happened that in August, 1984 my work obliged me to go to Okinawa.
1980 was the year when I was born.
The year 1980 saw the fastest economic growth in that country.
In 1979, Mother Teresa won the Nobel Peace Prize.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
In 1972, Dr. Francine Patterson started to teach sign language to Koko.
In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
In April of 1968, Rev. King was in Memphis, Tennessee.
In 1964, Rev. King won the Nobel Peace Prize.
In the 1960's, Japanese college students demonstrated against their government.
There were demonstrations against the government by Japanese university students in the 1960's.
In 1958, the statue was built in the Hiroshima Peace Park.
In 1955, the cancer returned and she died in 1956 at the age of 42.
In 1951, Sister Teresa was sent to Calcutta, then the largest city in India.
An atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945.
In 1943, Japan was at war.
I was not yet born when a war between Japan and the U.S. broke out in December 1941.
War broke out in 1941.
In 1939, as in 1914, the world was on the brink of war.
The year 1932 found him in Paris.
During the Depression in the 1930's, many wealthy people lost everything in the stock market crash.
Mexican desperadoes during the early twenties were usually armed to the teeth with stolen firearms and ammunition.
Japan has been sending her athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
One day in 1906, a newspaper cartoonist named Tad Dorgan went to a baseball game.
In 1900, he left England, and he never returned.
Fashion in the eighteenth century emphasized the bosom.
In the late eighteenth century, a passport for an American was usually signed by the President of the United States.
Children under 18 are not admitted.
Entrance is restricted to those above 18.
People above 18 may drive.
Anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult.
People under eighteen aren't supposed to buy alcoholic drinks.
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.
Now that you are 18 years old, you should not do such a thing.
If he could pass for eighteen years old, he'd join the army.
In 1860, Lincoln was elected President of the United States.
In 1853, the first blue jeans came out.
In 1853, Perry asked Japan to open the door to America.
Between 1820 and 1973, the United States admitted more than 46 million immigrants.
Hanson is wrong when he states international economic developments led to great migrations of labour in the seventeenth century.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
Children of age sixteen and under will not be admitted to the theatre.
When I was sixteen, I played tennis for the first time.
After 1639 Japan closed the door to foreign cuisine.
In 1603, when King James I came into power, football was allowed again.
In the 1600s, tea was introduced into Europe from India.
It has gone a quarter.
Do you think you can get me to Union Station by a quarter after?
Since graduation fifteen years ago I have never run into my former classmates.
It was a satisfactory arrangement for fifteen years.
The fine arts flourished in Italy in the 15th century.
There are over 15 different kinds of pies.
When I was fifteen, I got a room of my own.
Is it next to impossible to live to be 150?
It is said that Friday the 13th is an unlucky day.
A few days after his thirteenth birthday, Tony left school, too.
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.
As is often the case with 13 to 19 year olds, she fell in love.
Some people say thirteen is an unlucky number.
Are there enough chairs to seat 12 people?
Twelve musicians constitute the society.
How about 12:45?
I shall never forget your kindness no matter where I may go.
I could swim across the river when I was twelve.
Twelve years is old for a dog.
Many boys and girls ranging from 12 to 18 entered the contest.
His voice broke when he was twelve.
Don't you think it is rather warm for December?
Twelve is an even number.
The sum of 12, 24, 7 and 11 is 54.
Has Flight 123 arrived?
Has Flight 123 been delayed?
You want the Number 11. It stops in front of the post office.
It's almost half past eleven.
It is a little after a quarter to eleven.
It is close to eleven. It's about time we went to bed.
In 11 hours, we will arrive in San Francisco around 7:30.
After 11 o'clock the guests began to leave by twos and threes.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back by 11 o'clock.
I barely managed to finish the letter by eleven o'clock.
I'm catching the 11:00 train.
I go to bed at eleven.
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.
It's already eleven. It's high time you were in bed.
Eleven o'clock is good for me.
We'll be home at about 11:00.
Be at the station at eleven on the dot.
I want to catch the 11:45.
It is ten minutes before eleven.
It gets cold day by day in November.
I would like to attend the party on November 1st.
The map on page 11 looks very strange. Turn it upside down. Then it becomes a familiar map to you.
Please refer to page ten.
After ten minutes' walk we came to the museum.
Ten minutes' walk brought me to the station.
Ten minutes' walk brought us to the bus stop.
Someone called on you ten minutes ago.
She left home ten minutes ago.
After ten minutes, they passed on to a new topic.
Let's take a 10 minute break.
After a ten-minute break, we resumed our rehearsal.
Let's have a ten-minute break.
I had not waited ten minutes before Mary came.
He'll be along in ten minutes.
You'll get there in less than ten minutes.
I can walk to school in ten minutes.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
I arrived at the station ten minutes late.
Ten years ago the ward office gave us ballpoint pens on the Coming of Age Day.
Kyowa Bank and Saitama Bank merged into Asahi Bank ten years ago.
There was a deep pond there ten years ago.
Ten years ago his theory would not have been generally accepted.
Ten years ago, such business would have been a success.
There used to be a small bridge over the river 10 years ago.
This is the worst storm in ten years.
He saw his home-town again only after ten years.
In ten years our town will change a lot.
Suppose there was a worldwide oil shortage in ten years' time. What would happen to the industrialised countries?
I hope I'll have learned a great deal about it in ten years.
I left Japan for the first time in ten years.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
Ten years is a long time.
Ten years is a short time when we look back at it.
Ten years have gone by.
Ten days passed by.
It rained for the first time in ten days.
There were ten accidents in as many days.
The teenage friends stayed up talking all night.
During my early teens, I was not always on the best of terms with my parents.
Teenagers must adapt to today's harsh realities.
Do you have a tatami room for ten people?
Three out of ten persons have a video.
It can accommodate as many as ten people.
As many as ten people saw the accident.
As many as ten people live in this small house.
As many as ten students stood up all at once.
As many as ten students failed the exam.
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.
Ten policemen were assigned to patrol that area.
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.
You must be back before ten.
We must leave the hotel before 10 a.m., otherwise we will miss the train for Miami.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
Don't call me up after ten o'clock.
Breakfast will not be served after ten o'clock.
I'll come by 10.
See that dinner is ready by ten.
On condition you are back by ten o'clock, you may go to the dance.
You must be back by 10 o'clock.
I'll stay here until ten.
He leaves Osaka for Tokyo at ten.
I'll be back at ten.
I have a previous engagement at ten.
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
We got through the work just before ten.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
It's open ten to six daily throughout the year.
We have a break from 10:40 to 11:00.
It is twenty minutes past ten.
He is very clever for a boy of ten.
I had not seen a lion before I was ten years old.
Ten houses were burned down.
Please refer to paragraph ten.
Only five instead of ten units were delivered.
The fire burnt ten houses down.
One day in October, when Sadako awoke, she found her mother crying.
There was a suggestion that the general meeting should take place in October.
We have a lot of very fine days in October.
Indian summers run into October.
It's the third of October.
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.
Let's start with Lesson Ten.
One billion people speak English.
I bought five ten-yen stamps.
Can I make a phone call for ten yen?
Can you subtract six from ten?
Ten miles is not a short distance.
Look at the notes on page 10.
Let's begin with the fifth line on page 10.
Give me five tens and the rest in ones.
In ten-dollar bills, please.
I don't want to spend more than $10.
I'd like a money order for ten dollars.
We divided ten dollars among the five of us.
Can you lower the price to ten dollars?
What is on Channel 10?
Ten teams competed for the prize.
Can you lend me a dime?
Ten dimes are equal to one dollar.
After an absence of ten months, he returned home.
Subtract two from ten and you have eight.
Two from ten leaves eight.
Count from 10 down to zero.
Where is Room 105?
Call the operator at 104 then.
I have a fever of 102 degrees.
There's many a slip between the cup and the lip.
Supposing you had one million yen, what would you do with it?
If you won a million yen, what would you do?
I don't know how things were a hundred or fifty years ago.
There were almost 100 people, few of whom I had seen before.
Few people live to be one hundred years old.
He can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.
Do you think they'll break the 10-second barrier in the 100-meter dash?
Could you give me change out of a hundred-dollar bill?
Debit Mr Hill with $100.
One hundred dollars is just chicken feed.
I'm wondering how long $100 will carry me.
One hundred dollars will cover all your expenses for the trip.
With a hundred dollars, I could manage.
One hundred cents makes one dollar.
More than 1000 issues are listed on the stock exchange.
No less than 1,000 people came to the party.
Could you break a 1,000 yen note?
Is one thousand yen enough?
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?
One, three, and five are odd numbers.
It is hard to master it in a year or two.
A thousand yen will do.
Please move to the rear of the bus.
Move along now.
No Trespassing.
"Watch out for the trap!" she screamed.
Can you make the deadline?
"Is the essay ready?" "No, I'm sorry. I haven't finished writing it yet."
"I'd rather get the sack than not join the labour union," said the disgruntled worker.
You could see the elation in the president's face when he announced that our shares are going to be listed on the First Section of the TSE next year.
Come, Jesus replied.
"Will you study after dinner?" "Yes, I will."
Write an essay on "Friendship".
"Animals in the wild are not robots," she says.
"Come back!" he shouted.
"Shut up," he whispered.
"Will it rain tomorrow?" "I hope not."
"Will you play the piano tomorrow?" "No, I won't."
Yesterday the teacher said to us, "I'll give you a test tomorrow."
"This brand is very mild," Dad said.
I want beef, too.
"Are you sure you want to call the police?" I asked her.
"I'm not good at swimming." "Neither am I."
"I'm just thinking about my wish," replied the little black rabbit.
"My father doesn't drink." "Neither does my father."
"This is my first flight. I'm nervous," says Hiroshi.
What do you mean by cultural relativism?
"I've a touch of a cold." "That's too bad."
"My husband passed on two years ago," an elderly lady said.
This is what he said: "I shall return by all means."
The words 'beautiful' and 'ugly' are relative terms.
"The accused" is a legal term.
Mary received an award for her composition called "Secret love".
"Are you tired?" "No, not at all."
"Is she reading a book?" "Yes, she is."
"Is she young?" "Yes, she is."
"Did she buy a watch?" "Yes, she bought one."
"Does she have a dog?" "No, she doesn't."
"How old is she?" "She is twelve years old."
"She doesn't like music." "Nor do I."
"She likes music, doesn't she?" "So she does."
"How pretty she is!" said Ben to himself.
I said to myself, "I wonder what she means."
"Does she play tennis?" "Yes, she does."
"She'll make it. I'm sure." "I'm just worried."
"She is lovely." "So she is."
"Her charm is beyond description!" the artist exclaimed.
"They left for New York, didn't they?" "Exactly."
"Did they get the law passed?" "Yes, they finally put it through."
He denied knowing anything about their plans.
"Do you think he will come?" "I hope not."
"Is he coming?" "No, I think not."
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."
"Who is he?" "He is Jim."
"Is he right?" "I don't think so."
"Will he succeed?" "I fear not."
"Is he by the car?" "No, he is in the car."
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."
"He'd like to have a coffee after work." "I would too."
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."
"Does he like music?" "Yes, he does."
He doesn't come any more, the one smoking said.
"Will he come home soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Will he recover soon?" "I hope so."
"Will he recover soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"When does he study?" "He studies before dinner."
"Is his story true?" "I'm afraid not."
"Where's his book?" "It's on the table."
"His father died yesterday." "I have never seen such a man before."
"Is he seriously ill?" "I hope not."
"I know him well." "Oh, do you?"
"I have to see him." "What for?"
Don't use "discover" when you mean "invent".
I asked her who the man wearing the white hat was.
"I understand how you feel, Hiroshi," says Mike.
"Natto" smells awful, but tastes delicious.
Get your hot dachshund sausages!
"May I come in?" "Yes, certainly."
Japanese management must learn how to deal with American workers, he said.
"Road under Repair."
The bank robber shouted, "Stay where you are, all of you!"
So-called "winter time" is expected to enhance the college reform.
"He's a tiger when he's angry" is an example of metaphor.
"You can get it at the courthouse," the clerk added.
"How about going to the movies on Saturday?" "I'd like to go."
"Do you mind if I use your phone?" "No, please go ahead."
"May I use your telephone?" "By all means."
"Our train leaves at 9:00." "Don't worry. We'll make it."
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a saying.
"A stitch in time saves nine" is a proverb.
Pleased with The Pilgrim's Progress, my first collection was of John Bunyan's works in separate little volumes.
"The weather forecast says it's cool today." "On the contrary, I feel hot."
Chizuko said, "A crane is supposed to live for one thousand years."
"What if I miss the deadline?" "I bet he will get mad at you!"
"Shiitake" is a sort of mushroom.
"You must be tired after a long day." "No, not in the least."
'Madame Butterfly' is set in Nagasaki.
"There is a tide" is, in fact, from a passage in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar.
"May I speak to Mr Nakagawa?" "Speaking."
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."
"Who wrote this book?" "John did."
"Who helped you?" "Tom did."
"Was there a girl in the gym?" "Yes, there is."
"I think all fat people should go on a diet". "Are you referring to me"?
"Fast" is the opposite of "slow."
"Shall I close the window?" "Yes, please."
"Do you mind opening the window?" "Not at all."
"Would you mind opening the window?" "Certainly not."
"Would you mind opening the window?" "Of course not."
"Is it going to clear up?" "I hope so."
The teacher said, "Above all, what is necessary for success is perseverance."
Terms like "sexism" are now in vogue.
Although the phrase "world peace" sounds attractive, the road to world peace is very long and full of troubles.
"Hello, people of the world!"
"Please give me some water." "All right."
"May I please see your driver's license for identification?", said the clerk.
"God is our salvation," said the priest.
"A Happy New Year!" "I wish you the same!"
"Have I ever thought of buying a new pair of shoes?" "Mind your own business."
Forming an information infrastructure, the real impact of the information highway is an expectation of new economic development due to a shift from a tangible hardware-industry to brain-oriented software-industry.
"Will you show me your ticket?" "Yes, of course."
"Help, help," she cried.
"Waiting for Spring" is a novel by Soseki, isn't it?
The word meant "attendants."
"Have you finished?" "On the contrary I have not even begun yet."
"Thank you for your help." "It's my pleasure."
"Will you help me?" "I'll be glad to."
"Don't disturb her. She is at work right now" he whispered.
"Can I use your car?" "Sure. Go ahead."
"Would you mind giving me a lift in your car?" "Not at all."
There was a sign saying, "Keep off the grass."
"Excuse me", Ann broke in.
"May I use your dictionary?" "By all means."
"Love your neighbour as yourself" is a quotation from the Bible.
"Next time," he said.
"What shall I do next?" she said to herself.
"Now and then I think of divorcing him." "You must be kidding!"
"I can make it to my class on time," he thought.
"If there is an accident," he says, "they will know right away."
"I have a terrible tooth-ache." "You'd better see a dentist at once."
"The examination will be held this day next week," said the teacher.
He said, "Come with us."
"I think so, too," she chimed in.
"I'm going to Hawaii next week." "Really?"
"I agree with him." "So do I."
"I'm Japanese," the boy answered.
"I'm not accustomed to working day and night." "You'll soon get used to it."
"I want a house to keep me warm," he said.
"I am not going into the forest after bear cubs," said the elder brother.
"I am happy," she said to herself.
She said to herself, "I am very happy."
Maria said to herself, "I am very lucky".
"I've seen that play." "So have I."
"Here is my business card. Please call me anytime with more information," said the reporter.
"Could you do this instead of me?" "Sorry, I'm too busy."
He said his father was an architect and that he wanted to be one too.
"Let me alone," she said angrily.
"Would you mind helping me with my work?" "Not at all."
This was he of whom I said, "He who comes after me has surpassed me because he was before me."
"Will you help me with my English homework?" "Certainly."
"In my opinion," said the younger brother, "you are wrong."
"My teeth are too weak for apples," said the boy.
"Where is my notebook?" "It is on the chair."
"I don't like carrots." "Neither do I."
She said, "I owe it to him that I am popular."
"I'm hungry," said the small white rabbit, so they stopped and ate the flower from a large hyacinth.
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don't know."
"Have the children arrived yet?" "No, none has come yet."
Now that I have children, I will hold out, the woman said.
"How about going for a walk?" "Why not? I'd be glad to."
It is hard to define "triangle."
"Did you hear the lecture in that class yesterday?" asked the student.
"Did you work yesterday?" "I wish yesterday had been a holiday."
"I lost my wallet," lamented John.
What does "resident alien" mean?
"Will you pass me the sugar?" "Here you are."
The teacher said, "That's all for today."
"Any good news in today's paper?" "No, nothing in particular."
"How are you feeling this morning?" "Pretty good, thanks."
"You mustn't go out now." "Why not?"
"What time is it now?" "It's ten o'clock."
"Act now!" he said, and in addition to his obvious meaning, he hinted that there were number of other important reasons why immediate action was needed.
"Performed" is the right word.
"Yes, sir," said Tony.
"One aspect of language is an intent to communicate," he says.
"Cheer up," she said to me.
"I must get well," Sadako said to herself.
"Do you mind my borrowing your microscope?" "No, not at all."
"How many keys?" asked Pepperberg.
"Look - there's a fire!!" Exclaimed Dan.
"How's your research coming along?" "Not so bad."
The purpose of a conclusion is to sum up the main points of the essay.
"I don't mind if I keep working even after we're married," she said.
I asked him if he knew her address.
"Are you a Japanese student?" "Yes, I am."
"Do you like snakes?" "Of course not."
My boss told me it's hard to approach me.
"Have you finished it?" "On the contrary, I've just begun."
"Is your friend an idiot or what?" asked the father.
"If you're on that telephone for less than one minute, I'll eat my hat," Bob says.
"What brand is your car?" "It's a Ford."
"Does your watch keep good time?" "No, it gains ten minutes a day."
"Your work has been causing a lot of complaints from customers; I'm ordering you to leave immediately." "Oh, up yours! I didn't want to work here in the first place."
"May I use your pencil?" "Sure go ahead."
"It's high time you took a vacation," Jim's boss said to him.
Air and heir are homophones of each other.
"I haven't been feeling too good lately." "You had better go to a doctor."
"What did the professor talk about?" the student asked.
It's a double whammy.
"Don't cry," she said.
More haste, less speed is a paradox.
"Don't hurry," he added.
"Aw, come on, son!" the farmer insisted.
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."
"Is there a book in the desk?" "No, there isn't."
"You look pale. Are you sick?" "Not exactly."
What are you referring to by "relationship"?
"I'm soaked with sweat.' "Step back. You stink!"
We will begin by considering the concept of "quota".
She said to me, 'I'll go out and buy cookies.'
"I smell a rat", I said to him.
What's the word for "kaisha" in English?
"How long will the meeting last?" "For two hours."
"Who is younger, Hanako or Taro?" "Taro is."
"Fire!", he cried.
"Would you mind taking me home?", she said.
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the dentist."
"When did you return?" "I came back the day before yesterday."
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."
"What time is it?" he wondered.
"May I help you?" "No, thank you. I'm just looking."
"Can I help you?" "No, thank you. I'm just looking around."
"Give me something to write with." "Will this do?" "Yes, it will do."
"Give me something to write with." "Will this ball-point pen do?"
"Do you have anything to do?" "Nothing in particular."
"Do you have anything to do?" "No, not really."
"May I help you?" "Yes, I'm looking for a dress."
"My lady is in her chamber," said the servant.
"Do you mind if I smoke?" "Certainly not."
"Would you pass me the salt, please?" "Here you are."
What various meanings can you find for the word "satellite"?
"Let's go to the movies, shall we?" "Yes, let's."
"Will it rain?" "I hope not."
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."
"Will it stop raining soon?" "I'm afraid not."
He asked the men, "Would you share a room?" "Certainly, we will," answered the three men.
"May I go with you?" "By all means."
"Let's have a drink, shall we?" "Yes, let's."
"May I join you?" "Why not?"
"The prince of darkness" means "Satan".
"That's fine," replied the girl. "I'll take ten yards."
Although it was a popular movie, Out of Africa was more of a coffee-table movie than anything else.
"I love you," she murmured and closed her eyes.
If he says "I love you" all the time he doesn't mean it.
"I do not regret having gone into the forest and up the mountain," replied the younger brother.
But confessed freely, I am not the Christ.
"I am too old and sad to play," said the boy.
"I am too old to swing on branches," said the boy.
"Where is Romeo?" "This way! To the tomb!"
One never sees "Romeo and Juliet" without being moved to tears.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theatre.
What do you call "yuri" in English?
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."
"Get rid of it, of course!" answered the farmer.
"Hello, is this Mrs. Brown?" "Yes, this is Mrs. Brown."
"Hello, Mum. Is that you?", she says.
"I will let you pass safely," the Sphinx said, "if you can answer my riddle."
"You are almost out of time", said the teacher.
"I can't stand it any more!" "Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible."
"Give me a fresh bottle," he said.
"Will you have another cup of coffee?" "No, thank you."
"Now I must say good-bye," he said suddenly.
"Hold your tongues, every one of you!" said he.
John said, "Hey guys, let's take a break."
"Mom, please can I have a biscuit?" "No, you can't; you shouldn't eat between meals."
"Why in the world would you do that?" the other asked.
"Look, Mike!", Hiroshi cries.
"Nearly four pounds," says Bob.
"Have you reserved a hotel room?" "Sorry, not yet."
"I am too big to climb and play," said the boy.
"I want to buy things," the boy said.
"I wish you were all mine!" said the little black rabbit.
"Anything else?" "No, that's all."
"Paul is sick in bed today." "That's too bad."
Can you give me a boat?
"Do you have a pen?" "Yes, I have one."
"Pet Sematary" was a real cliff-hanger.
"Hey, Willie," the farmer shouted out.
"Festiva" is a Ford, right?
What is the English for "kaisha"?
"Was Bill in Japan?" "Yes, he was."
"Don't scare me", she screamed as he came up behind her.
The Hikari runs at a speed of 200 kilometres an hour.
"Aha!" they would say.
"How soon will the bus come?" "In five minutes."
"How do you do, Mr James?" "Fine, thanks for asking. Nice to meet you."
When did the word "biotechnology" come into common use?
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says Yes and No.
"Yes, I did," he said.
"Yes, we have met before," said Mr Jordan.
"No, I don't," said Mr Jordan.
"Have you ever been to New York?" "Yes, I've been there a couple of times."
She cried with joy how lucky she was.
"Why don't you wish a little harder?" asked the little white rabbit.
"Why?" asked the daughter, a trifle irritated.
"How did you go to the park?" "By bus."
"How do you go to school?" "By bus."
"Who is it?" "It's me."
"Where are you staying?" "At that hotel."
"By the way, where's your old man?" "Under that over-turned truck."
"How far are you going?" "I'm heading for Chicago."
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."
"You see," said the elder brother, "I was right. Here I have lived quietly and well, while you, though you may have been a king, have seen a great deal of trouble."
"Please," says the crew member.
"Why didn't you come?" "I had no choice."
"What shall I do?" I said to myself.
"What happened?" "The car broke down."
"What's wrong with you?" "Leave me alone for a while. It's none of your business."
"Is it possible to catch AIDS from toilet seats?" "No, it isn't."
"Would you mind shutting the door?" "No, not at all."
I said, "Could you please turn your television down?"
"That's cheaper than a new hat," Susan answers.
"I feel sort of dizzy." "You look pale. You'd better take a day off."
"Who teaches you English?" "Miss Yamada does."
"Do you mind if I smoke?" "Not at all. Go ahead."
"Do you mind if I smoke?" "Not in the least."
"Would you mind me smoking?" "Certainly not."
"Do you mind if I smoke?" "No, I don't mind at all."
"Do you mind if I smoke?" "Not at all."
"Dachshund sausage" was a good name for the frankfurter.
"Have you finished it?" "On the contrary, I'm just starting."
"How much did it cost?" "It cost me a thousand yen."
Oh, "that's a good idea," she said.
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."
"Besides," she says, "it doesn't cost much when you think it's the other side of the world.
"That's the one problem," he said angrily.
"Oh, mother," said the housewife, breaking into bitter tears.
"Does the story have a happy ending?" "Well, a warm one, anyway."
You had better put the book back on the desk, for the owner will come back there.
"I really do," replied the little black rabbit.
"How do you find your washing-machine?" "Not so bad."
"Keep away from the vertical cliff!" she shouted.
"Then I will be all yours," said the little white rabbit.
Right, I said, shivering at this recital as a man would who gets hysterical while taking a shower if a bit of soap stings his eye.
One of these days is none of these days.
"Do you mind if I call on you sometime?" "No, not at all."
"Well, OK," Willie finally agreed.
"So this," she went on, "is where the receipts are kept."
"I did that," she complained, "but there was no water in it!"
"May I speak to Mr Smith?" "Will you hold the line?"
"I'd like to talk to Mr Smith." "This is Smith speaking."
"Do you like sports?" "Yes, I like baseball, among other things."
"I'll be back in a minute," he added.
"I care very deeply for you", she confessed.
"Will it clear up soon?" "I'm afraid not."
"Superman" is showing at the movie theatre this month.
"Sue's very angry with you," my new waitress said.
Do you think the Supersonics will go all the way to the world championships?
He suggested to me that we should go.
"George?" said the housewife. "Who's George?"
"Let's play Hop Skip And Jump like me," said the little white rabbit.
"Let us begin today's lesson by opening our books to page 156," said the teacher.
He said, "I will say nothing more, because I hate making excuses."
"What are these?" "They are your pictures."
"Are these your cars?" "Yes, they are."
"Whose books are these?" "They are Alice's."
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
"I am sorry," sighed the boy.
"Define your terms," requested the businessman at the contract hearings.
"May I use this telephone?" "Go ahead."
"May I take this umbrella?" "No, you may not."
"May I use this pencil?" "Yes, you may."
"May I borrow this pen?" "Sure, go ahead."
"How much is this handkerchief?" "It is ninety-five cents."
"How often do the buses run in an hour?" "Every thirty minutes."
"May I park here?" "No, you must not."
"Do you mind my smoking here?" "No, not at all."
"There," said the granddaughter, "that's just the place."
"How far is it from here to your school?" "It's about ten minute's walk."
"How far is it from here to the station?" "It is about two miles."
"How are you?" "I am fine, thank you."
"Do you want another cup of coffee?" "Sure, make mine on the small side but be generous with my brother's."
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I'd like to, but I have a previous engagement."
"Is Ken busy?" "Yes, he is."
"The Gettysburg Address" is a concise speech.
"Do you like cake?" "Yes, I do."
"How about playing catch?" "Sure, why not?"
You didn't do a very good job, I said.
"Can you play the guitar?" "Yes, I can."
Have you ever read Gulliver's Travels?
"The key," he added, "is in the lock".
"Let me ask you something, Dad," she began, in a tone of patiently controlled exasperation that every experienced parent is familiar with.
"May I use the phone?" "Please feel free."
When I told her I'd never seen such a homely girl, she accused me of sexual harassment.
"Don't say such rubbish!" said the farmer.
"Your army is impotent against mine!!" he laughed.
Grandpa bought it for me!
She said, "It's not funny! How would you like it if someone did that to you - what would you do?"
"Are you from Australia?" asked the Filipino.
"Come, boy," she called, "come and play."
"Hey, you shut up! You talk too much," the gangster said.
"Let me see .... Do you have tomato juice?" says Hiroshi.
"Yes, all right," says Mrs. Lee.
"Ah, that's true," Susan puts in, "I just wanted to call to ..."
"Oh, yes," he answered.
"Hee hee," his mother chuckled, shaking her head.
"Would you like to work for me, Tony?" asked Mr Wood.
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" "Sorry, I'm a stranger here."
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" he inquired.
"No," he said in a determined manner.
"Forever and always!" replied the little white rabbit.
"Forever and always?" asked the little black rabbit.
"When did you buy it?" "Let's see. I bought it last week."
"Won't you come with us?" "I'd be glad to."
"Is there a book on the chair?" "Yes, there is."
"No," repeated the Englishman.
"No, I'm not," replied the Englishman coldly.
"Yes, I was," said the student.
"Are those your books?" "No, they aren't."
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for the ladies."
"Thank you, I'd love to have another piece of cake," said the shy young man.
"I want that book", he said to himself.
"You had better not wear the red dress." "Why not?"
"Who is that man?" "Mr Kato."
"Will they go on strike again?" "I'm afraid so."
"The castle is haunted," he said with a shiver.
"Who is that girl?" "That's Keiko."
"Thirty dollars is a lot for that small room," he thought.
"I can't think with that noise", she said as she stared at the typewriter.
"Are you students?" "Yes, we are."
She winked at me, as much as to say, I love you.
"Are you a teacher?" "So I am."
"Did you watch TV last week?" "No, I didn't."
"I believe you like your job" "On the contrary, I hate it".
"What would you like?" "I would like a dog."
"Where do you live?" "I live in Tokyo."
"Do you want a T-shirt?" "Yes, I want a red one."
"When do you get up?" "I get up at eight."
"When do you swim?" "I swim in July."
"When do you watch TV?" "I watch TV after dinner."
"You are Israel's teacher," said Jesus.
"Where are your books?" "They are on the desk."
"Can I use your dictionary?" "Yes, here you are."
"What make is your car?" "It is a Ford."
"Do you really wish that?" asked the little white rabbit.
"Where is your house?" "It is over there."
"Done!" says the angel, and disappears in a cloud of smoke and a bolt of lightning.
He's a nice guy - that's unanimous.
"Ah" is an interjection.
Say 'ahhh'.
"What does U.F.O. stand for?" "It means Unidentified Flying Object, I guess."
What does "There is a tide" imply?
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
"Four pounds, ninety pence," Bob answers.
"Four pounds fifty," says Bob.
"Six pence per second," Bob reminds her.
"I sailed around the Mediterranean in a schooner when I was seventeen," she recited slowly and carefully.
Go to the doctor to get your prescription!
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
Whew! This is a tough hill. But coming back sure will be a breeze.
The sign "&" stands for "and".
The sign '&' stands for 'and'.
It is very hot here in summer.
I met nice people.
Memory is an essential function of our brain.
This does not concern you at all.
I am a shy boy.
This building is a capsule hotel lodging men and women.
Sentences past this ID are sentences added by contributors of Tatoeba Project.
The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.
No matter how much I consider it I do not understand.
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.
I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.
When you talk to others, you're doing it with your arms crossed.
Complete the following form to know who you could have been in a previous life.
Creativity is an important aspect for the development of human.
No algorithm that can solve this problem in polynomial time has been found yet.
You're very lucky you know! A such thing happen only once in a lifetime.
Nothing happens unless you make it happen.
After I pick some blueberries, I make a tart.
I would like to try the blue striped skirt.
It is not his business.
I have a cough and a little fever.
Avoid opening the window; I have no great desire to feel air currents on my back.
Sport is good for your health.
Sometimes critics don't know what they criticise.
Spaniards have two surnames.
Ral can't have fun without his friends.
Rosa Montero is an extraordinary woman.
Rubn is the father of three children.
Spain has been a democracy since 1975.
Do you have difficulty understanding what women or small children say to you?
I have not only that to do.
Do not despair, all is not yet lost.
To throw the baby out with the bath-water.
Paco draws cityscapes.
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Hello, how are you?
Don't play dumb!
Welcome.
What on Earth is this?
He often appears on TV.
I love you, sweetheart.
Don't talk rubbish!
It's on the tip of my tongue.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home, after all.
Talk to you later.
Damned if I know.
And, I'm your coach.
When dreams begin, breathing becomes irregular and less deep.
I'm going to bed.
This book is my good luck charm; I read it every five months.
You mean a lot to me.
I'll read a book while you're sleeping.
Cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to the boil.
I'm going downtown.
Real women have curves.
The record was sent to the ministry.
The temperature of the human body hovers around 37C.
I went for a walk to get some air.
Mathematics is like the logic of physics.
Flowers are so fragile and so beautiful, that you can't speak about them without poetry or metaphors.
It isn't totally exact.
I want to recover my valuables.
At long last, the two chiefs of the Indian tribes have decided to bury the hatchet and smoke the peace pipe.
You don't want to make me angry.
The people look like trash from here.
Doesn't he just get on your nerves?
In the name of the moon, we'll punish you!
The trees are green.
There is only one truth!
You're the first! ... Little idiots to have made a fool of me.
In other words, you should doubt common sense.
Do you know the name of the most successful military man from this area?
I have no interest in ordinary people.
Don't talk ... as if you know what it's like...
It says girls born under Cancer are 'daring'.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
Barack Obama is aiming for an international ban on nuclear weapons, but is not against them in all wars.
The Clinton camp became desperate to eliminate the white votes Obama had got in both states.
People have time upon time faced 'a war that must not be lost'.
They say that Firefox is downloaded over 8 million times a day.
The EU's unity is gradually becoming shakier.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
You can decorate the cocktail with a cherry or a pineapple.
Recently, the increasing diversity of computer use has extended far beyond the realms of the office.
We seem to have escaped from danger.
Write your name and address, please.
Since then, a great deal of change has occurred in Japan.
Except that the one who sent me to baptize with water told me...
If it had not been for his timely hit, our team would have lost the game.
I dislike Chris because he is very rude and insensitive.
This factory manufactures automobile parts.
The output of this factory has increased by 20%.
This factory produces CD players.
You walk on and I will catch up with you later.
The soup is terribly hot.
These words aren't used in spoken language.
This book is yours.
This is the very video I have been looking for.
Tom didn't come, nor did Jane.
This is an emergency.
This is too difficult for me.
Yes. Tony had it.
He wrote a fine description of what happened there.
In English there are some words borrowed from Japanese.
Let me go with you.
The train was crowded with people.
This car is easy to drive.
Would you like me to see you home?
Please tell me how to spell your name.
I will write to you as soon as I can.
I'm glad to have this opportunity to speak to you.
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.
The Yankees are running away with the pennant race.
Then I'll come again later.
I swim in the sea every day.
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.
This room smells musty.
This camera is not loaded with film.
Don't expose your skin to the sun for too long.
This is a daily newspaper.
They are longing for city life.
You've got me behind the eight ball.
All you have to do is believe me.
Did you pay for the book?
You're a bookworm.
Are you in earnest in saying so?
You certainly play the piano well.
I wonder if you can really try.
You are a really good secretary. If you didn't take care of everything, I couldn't do anything. You are just great.
Do you really believe in ghosts?
All you have to do is to tell the truth.
You don't have to come here every day.
Do you have to go there every day?
Are you satisfied with your daily life?
Because you're a minor, you can't enter.
Can't you divorce fantasy from reality?
You must make up for lost time.
You are pushing matters.
You must choose between honor and death.
You will have to get up at six tomorrow morning.
You will be allowed to use this room tomorrow.
You'd better not go to school tomorrow.
You have only to keep silent.
You might be wise to remain silent.
You have only to sit in silence.
You have only to close your eyes.
I took it for granted that you would come to my party.
You are a troublemaker.
Are you a member of the baseball team?
Do you belong to the baseball club?
You don't do a useful snitch of work.
It is essential that you present yourself at the office.
You must bind yourself to keep your promise.
You should keep your promise.
She continued that you should keep your promise.
He is a merry fellow.
You're very brave, aren't you?
You cannot be too careful in choosing friends.
You may as well ask your friend for advice.
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?
Must you go to the post office?
You should prepare your lessons.
You are not coming, are you?
You are expected to do a good job.
You're ill with flu.
You're such a clothes horse.
You speak fluent English.
You should obey your parents.
You have to obey your parents.
You should be more considerate of your parents.
You lean on your parents too much. You must be more independent.
You must not look down upon parents' advice.
You may catch sight of our house from the train.
Will you go by train?
You are too young to be in love.
Do you get up at six?
You must never resort to force.
It's your first time doing this kind of work. You should follow the manual exactly until you get more experience.
You will soon be used to living in a big city.
It is time you got married.
Since you have already also become an adult, you must become independent economically from your parents.
Would you care to come with us?
Would you like to come along?
I wish you could have come with me.
Both you and your brother are wrong.
Check it out!
You want to go?
Both you and I are college graduates.
You're taking on the company style.
It's time you looked ahead.
Now you have come of age, you should seek a living for yourself.
Will you join us?
I am not any more to blame than you are.
You share his interest in this book?
I wish you could have been there.
You acted after your nature. Think of all the trouble you would give him.
You must make decisions about your responsibility in the light of your conscience.
They are pleased with your work.
I've been waiting for you for three hours!
I cannot praise you enough.
I'll sue you.
If I scold you, it is that I want you to improve.
I want to invite you to a party.
I have a surprise for you.
You remind me of my mother.
I can't see you without thinking of your mother.
I'll love you forever.
I was reminded of my promise at the sight of you.
I'm filled with joy every time I see you.
I'm asking you to do this because I trust you.
It goes without saying that I love you.
I couldn't help but fall in love with you.
I'll make you happy.
I'll get you off from work.
I was not scolding you.
I am ready to do anything to help you.
I have done the best I could to help you. The rest is up to you.
I believe in you.
It's up to me whether I kill you or let you live!
Let me introduce you to Mr. Murata.
I can't wait for you.
I'm afraid I've offended you.
I am counting on you.
Nobody but you can make me happy.
All but you are wrong.
All will go except you.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
A wise man changes his mind, a fool never.
Keep out of harm's way.
It's up to you.
You should have attended the meeting in person.
You should attend the meeting yourself.
You'd better go in person.
Your own decision is important before everything.
The monarch is supposed to attend the funeral.
The sovereign completely recovered from his illness.
You be quiet.
I cannot continue my class with you chattering to one another.
I have a job for you.
Which of you will go?
Who is your English teacher?
Isn't it about time you guys buried the hatchet and let bygones be bygones?
How long have you been dating?
I think you had better look forward.
How did you come to know one another?
It appears to me that you are all mistaken.
You guys seem to think your proposal is far and away the best, but as far as I'm concerned it's all six of one and half-a-dozen of the other.
You must learn from mistakes.
You are new students.
I'll hear all of you in turn.
You've changed.
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.
I can't live without you.
Kaoru has gone to America.
It was next to impossible to get a trained pilot.
A crowd soon gathered around the fire engine.
A crowd soon gathered around him.
The crowd filled the hall.
The mob gathered round the car like so many flies.
A crowd gathered to see the fire.
The crowd poured out of the stadium.
The crowd buzzed with excitement.
A crowd gathered at the scene.
I braced myself against the crowd.
I could not get out of the stadium because of the crowd.
A cry arose from the crowd.
It is of no use to try to find him in the crowd.
The crowd is growing larger and larger.
The crowd poured out of the auditorium.
The crowd struggled to make for the exit.
The crowd acclaimed the new king.
The crowd calmed down.
The crowd got out of control and broke through the fence.
The crowd gave way and let him pass.
The throng protested against abortion.
The crowd was moving in a solid body.
A crowd gathered of itself.
The crowd obstructed the police in the discharge of their duties.
A crowd gathered around.
The crowd gathered at the airport to see the President off.
The crowd obstructed the passage.
A whisper ran through the crowd.
The crowd was in a panic.
The crowd broke out in hearty laughter.
The crowds broke into loud cheers.
The crowd yelled with delight.
The crowd gave the winner a big hand.
The crowd hailed the winner.
The crowd protested against racial discrimination.
The crowd pressed toward the gate.
The army took over the government.
You aren't cut out for the military because of its rigid discipline.
The army abandoned the town to the enemy.
The armed forces succeeded in occupying the entire territory.
The army had to retreat.
The army surrendered its arsenal to the enemy.
Military training is training given to soldiers.
The superpowers made significant progress in disarmament.
Disarmament is sure to make for peace.
The soldier became a teacher.
In an army no man is permitted to leave without permission.
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.
Military discipline is literally rigid.
The troops advanced twenty miles.
The troops landed in Greece.
The troops fought with Grant against the Confederates.
The troops maintained their ground.
The troops soon put down the rebellion.
The army was advancing in the wrong direction.
The army advanced up the hill.
The troops marched past.
An army is a nation within a nation; it is one of the vices of our age.
The army besieged the castle for many days.
The army has advanced to the river.
The troops were in battle array.
The army advanced on the enemy.
The army had the revolt well in hand.
We must consider the question of whether we can afford such huge sums for armaments.
The time has come for mankind to put an end to the madness and immorality of the arms race.
There seem to be dangerous developments in the military.
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.
The clerk nodded, so the woman wrote a check and handed it over.
The official in charge let me in.
The XYZ Almanacs from 1950 to 1970 were studied to discover the trend.
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.
The detectives pursued him.
One of the detectives seized him by the neck.
The detective surprised the truth from the waitress.
The detective promised to look into the matter right away.
The detective questioned literally thousands of people about the incident.
The detective took down his testimony on the spot, word for word.
The detective took down his oral testimony on the spot.
The detective found absolute proof of the man's guilt.
The detective took down his testimony on the spot.
The officer gripped his arm.
My brother sends you his regards.
I have an older brother.
My brother is suffering from a bad cold now.
My brother caught a big fish.
I'll ask my brother to give me a ride.
How tall is your brother?
I hope your brother is better.
His brothers, sisters or he himself is to go to the station to meet their father.
Unlike my brother, I cannot swim.
Compared with his brother, he is not so tall.
Compared with his brother, he is not so intelligent.
I'd like you to meet my brother, Tom.
My brother may have to be operated on for the knee injury.
My brother can do a nice, steady lay-up.
My brother helped me to do my assignment.
My brother left his school when he was fourteen years old.
My brother is in the same line of business as you are.
My brother is looking for an apartment.
I wonder if my brother will ever come back.
My brother goes fishing every weekend.
My brother still stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
My brother is out.
My brother is interested in what you call pop music.
My brother bought an electric guitar.
My brother is engaged in cancer research.
My brother usually calls me from Chicago on Tuesday evenings.
My brother is anxious for fame.
My brother is a good skater.
My brother could not solve the complicated problem.
My brother has just come home from Kobe.
My brother is very tall.
My brother likes horror movies.
My brother would often stay up all night.
My brother is a member of the rescue squad.
My brother swims well.
My brother likes music.
My brother tried many times to pass the examination, finally succeeding.
My brother has been living in London for many years.
The elder brother was living in a village and had grown neither rich nor poor.
My brother has no occupation now.
My brother is taking the entrance examination today.
My brother died of cancer last year.
My brother is no more a good singer than I am.
My brother gave me a cute doll.
My brother gave me a pair of jeans.
My brother advised me to stop smoking.
My brother helped me with my homework.
My brother is two years older than I, but he is three centimeters shorter.
My brother is two years older than I am.
My brother sometimes helps me with my homework.
My brother used to idle away many hours lying on the grass.
My brother was expert in handwork.
My brother makes it a rule to look over the newspaper before going to his office.
My brother is not satisfied with his new car.
My brother goes to college in Kobe.
My brother still depends on our parents for his living expenses.
My brother had a house built in Urawa last month.
My brother sent me a letter last week.
His brother is all thumbs, but he is a skillful surgeon.
My brother has his eye on a scholarship so he can go to college.
Now that my brother is a university student, he has to do a lot of reading.
My elder brother got a position in a big business.
My brother bought a used car, so it was not very expensive.
My brother was so absorbed in reading that he did not notice me when I entered the room.
My brother took me to the museum.
My elder brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
My brother is consumed with ambition.
Oh brother sky I take a step forward.
The brothers' school records nearly matched.
Brothers should not quarrel.
How many brothers do you have?
The brothers had a hot dispute on her marriage.
Both the brothers were out.
Keiko is proud of her family.
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
The contract provides for a deferred payment over three years.
Because of the contract, he is bound to deliver them.
No ambiguities are allowed in a contract.
The details of the agreement are set forth in the contract.
The lawyer counseled the negotiation team on the contents of the contract.
The contract was rather loose.
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.
I regard the contract as having been broken.
We were tied to our decision because we signed the contract.
I cannot calculate the final cost until I talk with our contractors.
By signing the contract, I committed myself to working there for another five years.
You should look over the contract before you sign it.
Please sign your name on the contract.
Thank you for the draft of the Agreement.
According to the terms of the contract, your payment was due on May 31st.
The chances are two to one against us.
Now the shoe is on the other foot.
Keiko sings.
Keiko is a singer.
Keiko is at the head of her class.
Keiko has a good figure.
Keiko bought a new shelf, on which she put her dolls.
Keiko informed him of her safe arrival.
The notice says, "Keep off the grass".
"Fully booked" was on the notice.
Several people were standing in front of the notice.
The notice says, "Danger! 10,000 VOLTS."
The notice could not be made out by the students.
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.
I want a cellular phone.
You should turn off the mobile phone.
We miss our dear grandmother.
I hope the economy picks up soon.
Business is improving.
As the recession set in, temporary employees were laid off one after another.
How are things with you?
Business is, to a large extent, improving.
How goes it?
How is the economy?
How are you making out?
Business keeps going from bad to worse.
Business will recover soon.
Business is at last beginning to pick up.
Business is slow.
Business is bad, and the outlook for next year is even worse.
The economy is picking up.
Credit relaxation is considered necessary to shore up business.
The recession has put the crunch on wage laborers.
A business cycle is a recurring succession of periods of prosperity and periods of depression.
Let's stop for a rest somewhere with a good view.
I'd like a room with a good view, please.
The scenery's supposed to be breathtaking.
Keiko's parents talked her out of dating him.
The dancer in the middle of the room is ready to begin.
Confidence in management practices was undermined by the crash.
We need someone who has some experience in administration.
The management regrets any inconvenience to customers caused by the building work.
The management refused to come to terms.
The manager controls his men at will.
The management has agreed to have talks with the workers.
The management and the union were reconciled.
The management said that a wage increase was out of the question.
Management tried to appease labor by offering them a bonus.
I don't know why the management submitted to the striker's demands so easily.
The management finally succumbed to the demand of the workers and gave them a raise.
Is management really going to consider our bonus, or was that just lip service?
The management tended to be too concerned about short-term improvement of the bottom line to have any long-term design for the future.
Management will have all employees vote at the upcoming meeting.
There is going to be a show-down between management and labor.
Management has threatened to lock out the workforce if they do not accept the proposed changes.
An inexperienced stock speculator could easily let his business go to pot and lose his entire fortune.
Experience, when it is dearly bought, is never discarded.
We decided to employ men of ability irrespective of their experience.
It is needless to say that an experienced person will do better than someone without experience.
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men.
Experience is the best teacher.
You get more wisdom as you have more experiences.
Experience will teach you common sense.
There is considerable optimism that the economy will improve.
It will be some time before the economy will move out of the current doldrums.
As economy develops, labor-intensive industries give way to capital-intensive industries.
A stable economy is the aim of every government.
Capital investments planned by major Japanese businesses for this year have been revised upward in view of an improving economic outlook.
Economic development proceeded slowly.
We hold that economy will soon improve.
The economy was in miserable condition.
The economy recorded a negative growth.
The economy is in a slight depression.
The economy is in dire need of a jumpstart.
The economy has entered a recession.
The economy is at peak of a business cycle at present.
Few governments can manage the economy successfully.
Slow economic recovery has sent auto sales plummeting.
I ordered five books on economics from London.
Economics is the study of economic mechanisms.
I major in economics.
Some economists estimate that housewives' services, valued in money, would amount to about 25% of GNP.
Economic conditions are in a state of flux.
Economic conditions point to further inflation.
For the economy as a whole, recovery seems still far away.
Besides being economical, it's fun.
After having read the economic white paper, I am beginning to see the light on our financial standing.
Economic development is important for Africa.
Where does it stop over?
He took the job for the sake of his career but he didn't like it.
Don't trust a man whose past you know nothing about.
The stepmother was hard on her.
This fluorescent lamp is starting to flicker. We'll have to replace it.
Little did I imagine that my plan would go wrong.
We didn't expect an unveiling of the plan this soon.
The plans have been drawn up.
Try to carry out what you have planned.
We started according to plan.
The plan has many practical difficulties.
The program admits of some improvement.
There is not one person who is in agreement with the plan.
The section chief altered the plan.
The plan has worked well.
The plan was approved in its entirety.
Our plan is made.
You should carry out your plan by all means.
The plans are still up in the air.
The plans are still fluid.
The plan was altogether spoiled by the rain.
The plan was being discussed.
The plan has worked well as yet.
The plan has been agreed to in advance.
The plan backfired on us and we lost a lot of money.
Besides making the plan, my brother carried it out.
It is one thing to make a plan and quite another to carry it out.
It is no use trying to talk him out of his plan.
I had to give up my plan.
It's hard to put plan into concrete shape.
That's when we should carry out the plan.
To execute a plan was simple.
There was nothing for it but to give up my plan.
It's one thing to make plans, but quite another to carry them out.
It is easier to make plans than to put them into practice.
It is easy to form a plan, but it is difficult to carry it out.
It's easier to make plans than to carry them out.
Sometimes being overcautious in planning could upset the apple cart.
It is often easier to make plans that it is to carry them out.
We organized a project team.
Have you allowed for any error in your calculation?
You must be accurate in counting.
He doesn't check his figures when he's calculating.
Calculation is miles easier if you have a calculator.
The calculator is a wonderful invention.
Statements will be mailed every quarter.
Level off the sugar when measuring out.
The alert guard perceived a dim shape in the distance.
Forewarned is forearmed.
The alert officer perceived a dim shape in the distance.
The policeman's quick arrival surprised us.
The policeman saved the child from drowning.
The police were on the scene of the accident.
The policeman lifted the box carefully.
The policemen are driving the demonstrators away.
When he saw a policeman coming, he began to run like anything.
Ranks of police guarded the entrance.
A policeman came up to me.
A police officer told me to stop the car.
The policeman was shot in the leg by a delinquent.
I'm not a little surprised that the policeman was arrested.
Policemen cleared the way to let cars pass.
A policeman came up to him.
A policeman was gazing at a suspicious pedestrian.
The cops are searching for clues to the cruel murder.
The policemen carried away the body.
The police held the crowd back.
The policemen were very brave in the face of great danger.
The police brutality incidents nearly set off a riot.
Even though he's a policeman, he's afraid of thieves.
The police roped off the street near the spot.
The officer blamed him for neglecting his duty.
The policeman demanded their names and addresses.
The policeman ran after the thief shouting "Stop!".
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.
The police began to go into the matter in no time.
The policeman called attention to the problem of pickpockets.
The cops are searching for clues to the brutal murder.
The policeman blamed the accident on the driver.
The policeman blew his whistle for the car to stop.
The policeman whistled the car to stop.
The policeman captured the running man.
The policeman caught the man by the arm.
The policeman followed him.
The policeman is going after the man.
The policeman caught the thief.
The policeman wrote it down in his notebook.
The policeman blamed the taxi driver for the accident.
The policeman barked orders.
The policeman signaled the car to stop with a flashlight.
Police shot the armed robber in the head - he died almost immediately.
The policeman sprang at the burglar.
The police arrested the burglar on the spot.
The policeman stood like a statue with his arms folded across his chest.
Did a policeman say anything to you?
I believe the police will ignore you.
The policeman drove the crowd away.
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.
The policeman whistled for the car to stop.
The policeman wrested a gun from the murderer.
The policeman said to them, "Stop."
The policeman signed to me to stop.
The policeman did not believe my story, and I thought it was no good arguing with him.
The policeman looked through my wallet.
The policeman caught me by the wrist.
The policeman looked over my license.
The officer charged me with driving 80 kilometers an hour.
The police checked up on each car.
The policeman separated the two men who were fighting.
The policeman said to the girls, "Is this car yours?"
The policeman asked the girls if that car was theirs.
The policeman took the knife from the boy.
The policeman beckoned to me with his forefinger.
Police officers wear blue uniforms.
The policeman noticed a man sneak in.
The policeman let him off with a warning.
The policeman spoke to a man on the street.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
The policeman arrested the thief.
The policeman carries a whistle.
The policeman caught fleeing thief by the arm.
The police officer pointed his pistol at the criminal, who, in turn, held his pistol directly pointed at the officer. Neither had the advantage, the position was a stalemate.
The policeman permitted him to park there.
The police spotted him at once as the offender.
The police admonished him to drive more slowly.
The police acquainted him with the event.
The policeman paid no attention to him.
The policeman caught him by the arm.
The policeman commanded them to stop.
The police held him in custody.
The police accused him of murder.
The policeman wouldn't let go of the suspect.
A policeman was watching it, with his arms crossed.
At the sight of the policemen the thieves ran away.
Seeing a policeman, he ran away.
He ran away at the sight of a policeman.
When he saw the police officer, he ran away.
The thief ran away when he saw a policeman.
Seeing the policeman, the man ran away.
The police were examining their bags.
The police were patrolling the street.
The policemen said to them, "Stop."
Thank you for your warning.
I had to see you to give you a warning.
There was no warning whatsoever.
It will be dark by the time the police come here.
The police started to look into the murder case.
The police are looking into the matter.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash.
The police are after the man.
The police charged into the bar.
They were hanging tight until the police came to rescue them.
The police are after you.
The police are after me.
The police are looking into the incident.
The police got to the scene of the accident.
The police intervened in the disturbance.
The man the police arrested has now been released.
The police are investigating the cause of the crash around the clock.
The police followed a red herring while they let the true criminal escape.
It is not evident whether the police followed the usual search procedures.
The police have hauled in a suspect for questioning.
The policeman got the suspect.
The police came and looked into all the evidence.
You had better wait until the police come.
The policeman called our attention to the danger of pickpockets.
The police blamed the hot dog-days for sparking the riot.
I have to go to the police station.
It was Mike that telephoned the police.
Is there any risk of being caught by the police?
You had better communicate with the police.
The man who she knew was wanted by the police suddenly appeared at the back door.
The police cruiser pulled to a stop near the spot where the accident happened.
The police caught up with him.
The investigation by the police brought their secret life to light.
The police detected the spy.
The police dug out some facts about the matter.
The police set out to solve the crime.
The police broke up the crowd.
The police had all the prostitutes line up in a straight line.
The police are in pursuit of the runaway.
The police are looking into the records of those people.
The police searched her house for possible evidence.
The police still can't point out who committed the crime.
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.
The police arrested the pickpocket in the act.
The police were unable to cope with such violence.
The police is always watching the movements of the group.
The police broke up the fight.
The police thoroughly searched the house.
The police arrested a suspect in connection with the robbery.
The police seized the robber by the neck.
The police will just take the money and probably won't even look for the owner.
The police were indifferent to the matter.
The police promised to look into the matter.
The police are looking into the cause of the traffic accident.
The police searched for the missing child.
The police are investigating the murder.
The police are looking into the murder case.
The police began to go into the murder case.
The police ruled out the possibility of suicide in the case.
The police described how the case would be handled.
The police have decided to look into the case.
The police are making every effort to look into the case.
The police will look into the case.
The police began to look into the matter.
The police will go into the case.
The police made the witness explain in detail how the accident had happened.
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.
The police were unable to get anything out of the woman.
The police found the politician dead in his room.
The policeman captured the man who was running.
The police observed the man enter the bank.
The police looked into the records of the man.
The police could not establish the identity of the man.
The police recovered the stolen jewelry.
The police are going to investigate the crime.
The police are suspicious of the old man.
The police knew it was a hot item.
The police are looking into it.
The police usually blink at cars parked here.
The police usually close their eyes to cars parked on the street.
The police found them out very soon.
Where is the police station?
The police will soon arrive on the scene.
The police quickly got on the track of the murderer.
The police were forced to break into the apartment through the window.
The police began a crackdown on illegal parking.
The police are trying to get entirely rid of drunken driving.
The police found no clue.
The police didn't find any clues.
The policeman visited all the houses.
The police searched the house and seized 2 kilograms of heroin.
The police will look into the cause of the fire.
The police tried to stop the street demonstration.
Police can't be trigger happy.
The police caught the burglar red-handed.
The police are looking for the robber.
The police arrested the burglar.
The police officer fired a blank.
The police held back the crowd.
The police are going all out just to hold back the crowd.
The police turned away the crowd.
The police set a dog on the scent.
The police are now investigating the cause of the accident.
The cops are searching for the missing documents.
The police have made hundreds of drug busts across the country.
The police are examining the car accident now.
The police arrested the suspect yesterday.
The police charged Sachiyo with the murder.
Police have failed to turn up any new evidence about the murder.
Did the police find any trace of the murderer?
The police are after the murderer.
The police have caught the murderer.
The police pursued the murderer.
The police demanded that I move my car.
The police are suspicious of my alibi.
The policeman thrust me aside.
The police informed us of the accident.
The police will reveal the truth of the case.
The police looked into that incident.
The police are looking into the cause of the accident.
The police blamed the accident on the taxi driver.
The police carefully investigated the cause of the accident.
The police took some pictures of the scene of the accident.
Police rushed to the scene on the tip that a time bomb was planted.
The police ascribed the automobile accident to reckless driving.
The police assembled several unemployed men.
The police managed to track down the owner of the car.
The police hunted for an accessory.
The police arrested the man who had murdered the girl.
The police tried to keep people away from the accident.
The police dismissed the people.
The police are pursuing an escaped prisoner.
The police are hunting an escaped convict in this area.
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner.
The police keep order.
The police continued their investigation.
The police are on the track of the thief.
The police found out the thief.
The police caught the thief.
The police were heading for a shake down.
The police compared the fingerprints on the gun with those on the door.
The police held the angry crowd back.
The police searched that house to be sure the stolen shoes were not there.
The police arrested him for theft.
The police pursued the stolen vehicle along the motorway.
The police kept looking for a stolen article for about one month.
The policeman caught the fleeing thief by the arm.
The police expect to apprehend the robber before nightfall.
The police are acting on information received.
Police immediately sealed off the streets around the hotel as they searched for the bomb.
The police established where he was when the crime occurred.
The police found out where the criminal lived.
The police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them.
The police have started a nationwide hunt for the criminal.
The police balked the criminal's escape.
The police were able to find the criminal.
The police regarded him as a party to the crime.
The police are certain to get him in the end wherever he may go.
The police got an important piece of information from him.
The police suspect that he was lying.
The police didn't believe his denial.
The police are inquiring into his connections with the criminals.
The police discovered damning evidence against him.
The police required him to appear.
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.
The police looked into his past record.
The police were suspicious of his movements.
The police are treating his death as a case of murder.
The police are looking into his disappearance.
The police raked through his life.
The policeman seized him by the arm.
The police charged him with leaking information to a neighboring country.
The police charged him with speeding.
The police will suspect him of the murder.
The police caught him at it.
The police accused him.
The police didn't put him on trial.
The police released him.
The police questioned him closely.
The police brought a charge of theft against him.
The police accused him of theft.
The police have caught him.
The police persuaded her not to jump off the bridge.
The police have traced her to Paris.
The police forced a confession from her.
The police threatened to send her to jail.
The police are responsible for the maintenance of law and order.
The police are going all out to keep down the rioting bikers.
The police took immediate action to deal with the riot.
The police arrested him for smuggling.
The police are now inquiring into the cause of the fire.
The police were inquiring into the suspect's past.
The police have found no trace of the suspect yet.
The police arrested the suspect.
The police wanted to avoid bloodshed.
A policeman should be strong and quick in action.
Please call the police.
The policeman gave me a sign stop.
I was driving at 120 kilometers per hour when the police stopped me.
A police officer is talking to her.
Not all policemen are brave.
An important function of policemen is to catch thieves.
The police asked the girl to make a rough sketch of her lost dog.
The police aren't allowed to drink on duty.
Policemen aren't permitted to drink on duty.
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.
The policeman blamed me for ignoring traffic rules.
The policeman seized the boy by the arm.
"What are you going to do with the money?", asked the policeman.
The policeman signaled him to stop.
The cop went through his pockets, but found nothing.
Policemen work at the risk of their own lives.
Tell me where the police station is.
The cruelty of the torture in the police station is beyond description.
The police considered the crime to be serious.
The guardsman was assaulted by a robber.
The guards rotated in making their rounds every hour.
He went into the bank in the disguise of a guard.
Guards are stationed 'round the clock at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.
Sergeant, try to keep a lid on the situation until we can get more police down there.
Don't go onto the crossing when the alarm is ringing.
I had a light lunch.
It's only a slight cold.
A slight cold prevented me from going to Ibusuki with my family.
A snack will stay your hunger.
Let's catch a bite.
Fried eggs, sunny-side up, easy please.
I had a very good time at Karuizawa.
Karuizawa is famous as a summer resort.
Enjoy the experience of a relaxing day at Karuizawa.
Is there a cafe where I can have a light meal?
Carelessness is his principle feature.
Don't behave lightly.
Do not answer hastily.
Feed chickens with seeds.
The crowing of a cock is the harbinger of dawn.
Better be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
Which do you like better, chicken or fish?
Accomplishments are a friend in need.
Art brings bread.
I have known intimately a great many persons who were absorbed in the arts.
It requires a good taste to study art.
Art is loved by everybody.
Art breaks the monotony of our life.
Art is my lifework.
Art is long, life is short.
Art is not a luxury, but a necessity.
No cultural background is necessary to understand art.
To the eye of an artist, this is valuable, I hear.
Some artists are contemptuous of criticism.
An artist must have an eye for color.
The work of art, I decided, was the final product of human activity, and the final justification for all the misery, the endless toil and the frustrated strivings of humanity.
Shall I come for you?
Thank you very much for coming to see me.
I'm being picked up.
As likely as not, whales will be extinct by the end of this century.
It is believed that whales have their own language.
The whale is not a fish but a mammal.
Whales feed on plankton and small fish.
The whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea.
It was believed that whales were fish.
Whales are similar to fishes in shape.
The whale is well known to be the largest mammal.
Whales feed on small fish.
The whale is the largest animal on the earth.
Unless whales are protected, they will become extinct.
A whale is a mammal; in other words it feeds milk to its young.
A whale is a mammal.
Whales are classified as mammals.
Did you ever see a whale?
The comic scenes in the play were overdone.
What time does the play start?
The play went very well on the whole.
The play began exactly on time.
The play was very amusing; you ought to have gone there.
A stream of people came out of the theater.
At the theater, Kathy changed seats with her mother.
There was a large audience at the theater.
There was a large audience in the theater.
We ran out of gas on the way to the theater.
I met Yoko on my way to the theater.
I found the theater crowded.
Theater attendance usually falls off in summer.
Let's meet in front of the theater.
The words above the door of the theatre were a metre high.
He looked just like his picture on the wall of the theater.
There is a parking lot behind the theater.
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.
Shot, huh?
If you get shot, you'll die.
The shooting started around noon.
When the shooting died down a bit, Daddy ran over to our flat and brought us back some sandwiches.
It's a shoot-'em-up western.
Fiscal austerity is considered to be an answer to the rampant inflation.
It rained heavily all day.
The heavy rain prevented them from going there.
Vigorous exercise makes you sweat.
The mountaineers set off, paying no heed to the severe blizzard.
In spite of the heavy snow, she came all the way to the station.
A fierce battle was fought by the soldiers.
The wild wind was blowing.
There was a sharp peal of thunder.
We have to be prepared to cope with violent storms.
A loud knocking at the door woke him up.
Since it was raining, Nancy hesitated to go out.
The hard work has run him down.
The compromise which permits a smoker to smoke in the smoking corner was born after heated discussion.
He has been absent from work for a week.
Let's drink to absent friends.
No students were absent.
Please inform me of your absence in advance.
I like her all the better for her faults.
I love him all the more for his faults.
I love him despite his faults.
Despite all his faults, everybody likes him.
Despite all his faults he is popular.
No man is without his faults.
No one is free from faults.
I love him none the less for his faults.
For all his faults, he is a good fellow.
I like him all the better for his faults.
It is a virtue never to tell a lie.
Didn't you promise never to tell a lie?
You should on no account cheat in the exam.
Under no circumstances can the scheme be put into practice.
Never tell a lie.
Never judge by appearance.
I am by no means satisfied with my present income.
It is far from a joke.
I advise you never to live beyond your income.
Never speak ill of others.
Never take advantage of another's misfortune.
He is far from being a gentleman.
It is not possible to be free from every sort of disease.
He is by no means a pleasant fellow to associate with.
Never let me go.
He's by no means satisfied.
Never break your promise.
You must stick to your diet.
Please let me know as soon as it's decided.
A formula is very convenient, because you need not think about it.
I decided. I'm going to ask him out tonight.
It rests with you to decide.
Let's consider the problem in all its bearings before making a decision.
Before deciding, I would like to consult with my family.
Abide by your promise.
We will now report on this year's business results.
Five runners reached the finals.
Each team carried their flag into the stadium for the finals.
Nothing is more disappointing than to lose in the finals.
The gold cup was given to the winner of the final match.
The final match was not so exciting.
The final game was postponed to tomorrow.
I couldn't decide what to do, so I just followed my heart.
Now that you have made your decision, you must act.
Reflect on advantages and disadvantages before you make up your mind.
The day of decision is at hand.
What we had to decide was when to open the meeting.
It's up to you to decide.
Try to take account of everything before you make a decision.
I want quick action subsequent to the decision.
I'll leave the decision to you.
Let's leave the decision to Tom.
The decision was put off.
The decision was put off, which pleased all of us.
Let's leave the decision to our teacher.
The decision rests with him.
Let me put off my decision.
The decision belongs to him.
You should acquaint yourself with the facts before you make a decision.
One finding to emerge was that critical features differ between species.
Face the music.
I'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it.
I wish I could sink through the floor.
What has many holes but is good for holding liquid?
There are a lot of results and a calculation mistakes.
I am apprehensive of the outcome.
As soon as the result was made public, I told you it.
I'll let you know the result as soon as it is made public.
I will give you a call as soon as the decision comes through.
We will report the results when known.
I will let you know after I have inquired once more.
The result is all that matters.
It ended up being canceled, but it gave us a chance to learn each other's feelings.
I was less than satisfied with the results.
As regards the result, you need not worry so much.
We'll let you know the result within a week.
The result was rather disappointing.
Apart from the result, your intention was good.
How did it come out?
The outcome leaves nothing to be desired.
The result is still in doubt.
It will not be long before we know the result.
The result was clear at a glance.
The result is neither good nor bad.
The result was contrary to our plan.
The results were in the main satisfactory.
The result proved disappointing.
Don't worry about the results.
The results are by no means satisfactory.
The results were far from satisfactory.
The result was what I had expected.
The results were as follows.
The results were as follows: Japan 1st; Spain 2nd; Italy 3rd.
Please let me know the results by telegram.
The result was unsatisfactory to him.
The result fell short of his expectation.
The result was contrary to his expectations.
The results were negative.
The results will not contradict the theory.
She will be shocked when she get to know the results.
It was true, after all, that money did not bring happiness.
The enterprise turned out to be a failure in the end.
It turned out there was nobody who would be the first to talk about it. What do we do now?
After all, Stella was the only person who had the ham.
The revolution, in itself, bore no fruit after all.
You were wrong after all.
He brought it up first, but he didn't show up. What's going on?
I decided not to go to the movie after all.
After all I couldn't make heads or tails of her story.
In the end we decided to ask our teacher for advice.
His explanation proved to be right after all.
After all, he was persuaded to run for President.
In the end, he did not come.
The day turned fine after all.
It'll come all right in the end.
What do your words add up to?
Suffice it to say that, after all, this won't do.
It all turned out for the best in the end.
The day turned out fine after all.
Nothing happened after all.
In the long run, you will have to practise more.
After all, different people have different ways of eating, according to the kinds of food which they have traditionally eaten.
When all is said and done, the most precious element in life is wonder.
After all, life is just like a dream.
In the long run, prices will rise.
After all, it is talent that counts in music.
After all, nothing remains forever.
She will fail eventually.
In the end, it's cheaper to join a tour.
If you try for too much, you'll end up with nothing at all.
You were right after all.
My plan was eventually adopted.
After all, you have to look after number one.
It pays in the long run to buy goods of high quality.
Honesty will pay in the long run.
It'll add to the same thing.
He will ultimately pass the exam.
I am sure everything will turn out all right in the end.
In the end our team lost the final game.
In the end we reached a compromise.
I have lost the case after all.
Does this mean you're not coming to help?
After all, it's sure to fail.
The baby turned out to be a girl after all.
No one could solve the problem after all.
His plan went well after all.
He did not buy it after all.
He lost his happiness in the end.
In the end, he wasn't able to succeed.
After all they came to terms with each other.
In the end, they made up their minds to go by plane.
She is a child after all.
Everything turned out all right in the end.
Everything will turn out for the best.
Friendship is as precious as anything else.
All right. I'll take it.
OK. Go ahead.
It's so exciting.
Let me congratulate you on your marriage.
I hear tell you're going to get married.
A married couple should form a union.
We just got married, and this is our honeymoon.
How many children do you want to have when you get married?
I had a baby girl the year after I got married.
Married people sometimes wish they were single.
Among married couples, there has been an increase in divorce and separation with the result that there are many more one-parent families.
Asked to marry him, I was at a loss for words.
You never told me that you were married.
Since we got married, he's become a devoted family man.
They split up after a year of marriage.
We've been married for five years.
Better be still single than ill married.
I want to marry you.
I didn't know if I was coming or going the week before I got married.
Marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Getting married is a serious matter.
She was a Bennett before she married.
She was a Wakahata before she married.
The institution of marriage appears to be on the decline.
Oh that I had never married.
He's very rigid in his ideas on marriage.
In marriage, settling down benefits men more than women.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
Please accept this gift for the celebration on your wedding.
The critical period in matrimony is breakfast time.
He changed his mind in consequence of the marriage.
Marriage customs differ by country.
Marriage proposals flooded in.
Many ethnic groups traditionally give money as a wedding gift.
Marriage can be a wonderful thing if two people understand each other.
Marriage is a lottery.
Marriage is a serious matter.
Nowadays marriage is not necessarily a must for women.
Wedlock is a padlock.
Marriage is the tomb of life.
Marriage is the union of a man and woman.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
More and more women continue to work after marriage.
Set some money apart for marrying.
Her father did nothing but weep at her wedding.
About the wedding ... It's a once-in-a-lifetime chance to be the main attraction so instead of doing it on a shoestring why not pull out all the stops and make a great show of it?
Don't worry about giving a speech at the wedding; you can just wing it when you get there.
There was a big reception after the wedding.
A wedding is a significant ceremony.
When did the wedding take place?
When is the wedding going to take place?
Where is the wedding to be?
The wedding was put off.
The wedding ceremony was performed in the morning.
The wedding will take place at the end of October.
The wedding will take place on Saturday.
The wedding will take place next spring.
Patterns of married life are changing a lot.
In marriage there should be equal give and take.
Marriage, in peace, is this world's paradise; in strife, this life's purgatory.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
By way of conclusion he said as follows.
It's up to you to make the decision.
Let's forget everything about that conclusion.
The blood ran red.
Blood ran from his wound.
Blood is flowing from the wound at the back of her head.
My phlegm has blood in it.
Blood will have blood.
I passed clots.
The blood was a dark color.
Blood runs in the veins.
Blood is thicker than water.
The blood was bright red.
Blood will tell.
He was surprised at the sight of blood.
The sight of blood turned his stomach.
The blood made her excited.
I feel sick whenever I see blood.
Blood pressure is important as a barometer of health.
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.
Let me take your blood pressure.
What's the reading on the blood pressure monitor?
Blood stains don't usually disappear.
The cycle of blood is not regular.
Blood circulates through the body.
I'm anxious to know the results of the blood test.
I'd like to have my blood examined.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
The blood test is normal.
I had blood in my urine.
I have bloody stools.
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.
The moon emerged from behind the cloud.
The moon came out from behind the clouds.
The moon came out from behind the cloud.
The moon emerged from behind the clouds.
The moon rose above the clouds.
The moon rose above the hill.
The moon is low in the sky.
The moonlight reflected on the lake.
The moon was mirrored in the lake.
The moon is coming up over the mountains.
The moon is risen.
The moon rose above the horizon.
The moon is shining bright.
The moon began to show her pale face from behind the clouds.
The moon has set.
The moon has gone down.
The moon is shining brightly.
They are as different as day and night.
It's by no means impossible to earn one million yen a month.
Because just a few lines once a month are sufficient, if you write a blog, your ability in English will increase just from doing this.
You should write home once a month.
I put ten thousand yen into the bank every month.
I have an income of 50,000 yen a month.
There is no air on the moon.
Since there is no air on the moon, there is no sound at all.
Nor are there any woods on the moon.
There is no grass on the moon.
How often a month do you go to the movies?
I go to the movies three or four times a month.
There is no life on the moon.
I hope the day will soon come when we can travel to the moon.
The time will soon come when man will be able to travel to the moon.
Tides are caused by the influence of the moon.
The moon was on the lake.
The light from the moon is weak.
The moonlight shone brightly.
The gravity of the moon is one-sixth of that of the earth.
Imagine yourself to be on the moon.
The surface of the moon is irregular.
Can you imagine walking on the moon?
We cannot see the other side of the moon.
The moon is already up.
The moon is behind the clouds.
The moon hid her face in the cloud.
The moon goes round the earth once a month.
The moon doesn't have light of its own.
The moon is not a good place to live on.
The moon was shining brightly.
The moon does not shine as brightly as the sun.
The moon is distant from the earth.
The moon is the earth's only satellite.
The moon is the Earth's satellite.
The moon revolves around the earth.
The moon moves around the earth.
The moon is a satellite of the earth.
The moon rises in the east.
The moon shines at night.
The moon cast a gentle light.
A trip to the Moon is no longer a dream.
Just imagine traveling to the moon.
It will not be long before we can take a trip to the moon.
A moon rocket will be launched tonight.
I can't live on ten thousand yen a month.
Attached is my monthly report.
My menstrual cycle is about every four weeks.
It will pay you to save a part of your salary each month.
The moon fell brightly on the water.
An eclipse of the moon is a rare phenomenon.
It is generally believed that a trip to the moon will be made possible during this century.
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.
The months slipped by and still there was no news of him.
By means of monthly payments, people can purchase more than in the past.
That was just another party.
I have so little money at the end of the month.
The month is drawing to an end.
I work every other day: Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
I will be here from Monday to Thursday.
Please get this work finished by Monday.
It is important for everything to be ready by Monday.
We need a firm quotation by Monday.
Monday was appointed as the day for the next meeting.
It's Monday.
Every Monday Mrs. Evans washed all the family's clothes in the tin bath.
On Mondays the buses are late more often than not.
How many classes do you have on Monday?
We have to turn in our reports on Monday.
I hope you will return it by Monday.
Please return it by 10 a.m. Monday.
I always feel blue on Mondays.
They fed me a line about Monday being a holiday, so I took the day off, and it wasn't.
Monday is my busiest day.
Monday's not good.
Monday comes after Sunday.
I'll be here by Monday.
You should hand in your report to me Monday.
Any day will do except Monday.
Flights to the moon were once thought absurd.
The monthly staff meeting is never held on Monday.
Thank you for your e-mail regarding the matter in question.
It is all very well to be frugal; but he goes too far.
Thrift is alien to my nature.
Ken may well be glad about the result of the test.
Ken and Joe went to the park to play tennis.
Did Ken and Joe eat lunch about noon?
Both Ken's mother and her friend will arrive at the airport soon.
Ken's dog is white.
Ken is the taller of them.
Ken went to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Ken talked with his friends yesterday.
Ken is so busy that he can't come.
Ken is quite an athlete.
Ken is as tall as Bill.
Ken is a football player.
Ken has not washed the car yet.
Ken has been to England before.
Ken has never visited Kyoto.
Has Ken left Japan for good?
Ken can swim, can't he?
Ken studies not only English but French.
Ken looks happy.
Ken was in Japan last year.
Ken has not been here since this morning.
Ken is the youngest of the four.
Ken was at a loss what to say next.
Ken is kind to the girls.
Ken's really a chip off the old block.
Ken keeps two cats.
Ken is tall, but I'm not.
Ken has a white dog.
Ken told me he got 95 on the math exam, but that's a bunch of baloney.
Ken plays soccer every day.
Ken wants to be a baseball player.
Ken went to the park to meet Yumi.
Ken will be fifteen next year.
Who runs faster, Ken or Tony?
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.
His bad health is a great disadvantage to him.
He retired on account of poor health.
Health is the most important thing.
Health is the first condition of happiness.
Health is the most precious thing.
It goes without saying that health is most important.
Health means everything to me.
My health is my only capital.
It goes without saying that health is important.
Nothing is more important than health.
Good health is his capital.
It is needless to say health is above wealth.
It goes without saying that health is more important than wealth.
It goes without saying that good health is more important than wealth.
You should take care so that you can have good health.
You ought to keep working while you have your health.
Working, healthy people contribute to the reduction of medical expenses, the rise of the eligible age for benefits, and the curtailment of their costs.
You can apply for a physical fitness test regardless of your age.
Without health we cannot hope for success.
Without health, we can not hope for success.
Health and gaiety foster beauty.
Given health, one can do anything.
A healthy man does not know the value of health.
You cannot be too careful about your health.
It is impossible for you to be too careful of your health.
You must take good care of yourself.
Careful of his health, he seldom falls ill.
Fresh air is necessary to good health.
You should be careful about your health.
You should pay more attention to your health.
Take care of your health.
Not being careful of his health, he fell ill.
His good health enabled him to work till the age of seventy-five.
My health makes me a very slow worker.
I try to avoid eating too much for my health.
He stopped smoking for his health.
I take exercise for health.
Take some exercise every day for your health.
Your health is more important.
Health is above wealth.
The value of health cannot be overestimated.
Health is not valued until sickness comes.
From the viewpoint of health, Tokyo is not such a good place to live.
It is not till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
We cannot overestimate the value of health.
Happy are those who know the value of health.
It is not too much to say that health is above wealth.
Health is more important than money.
Good health is the most valuable of all things.
Good health is a great blessing.
Health is above wealth, for this does not give us so much happiness as that.
Good health is inseparable from exercise and moderation.
Health means everything.
Health is essential to happiness.
Health is a necessary condition for happiness.
Health is an important factor of happiness.
Good health is conducive to happiness.
Health is an important condition of success.
Health coexists with temperance.
Good health is more valuable than anything else.
Nothing is more valuable than health.
Good health consists of proper eating and moderate exercise.
Health is above wealth, for the former is more important than the latter.
Health is above wealth; the latter gives less fortune than the former.
Health is above wealth: this doesn't give so much pleasure as that.
Nothing is so precious as health.
It goes without saying that nothing is more important than health.
It is said that nothing is more important than health.
Nothing is better than health.
Nothing is more valuable than good health.
I regret having neglected my health.
Walking is the best way to stay healthy.
It is not until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It is not until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
Loss of health is more serious than loss of money.
You don't realize its value until you have lost your health.
It won't be wise to overwork at the cost of your health.
It is not until you lose your health that you realize its value.
People do not know the blessing of good health until they lose it.
It took me a whole year to recover my health.
You had best eat plenty of fruit to keep healthy.
I think it's necessary to sleep well to keep in good health.
I'll quit my job for the sake of my health.
He was rejected because his health was poor.
You had better consult a doctor about your health.
For a person who is in good physical condition, climbing mountains is a cinch.
You should have a doctor examine your condition.
I will go for a medical.
Health advocates have pushed for laws restricting work-place smoking.
International trade is vital for healthy economies.
A sound mind dwells in a sound body.
Two rival parties are essential to good democratic government.
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto.
Kenji flatters himself that he is quite handsome.
Kenji is always the first to come to school.
Kenji decided to become a cook.
Kenji abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
Kenji is a good speaker of English.
Kenji told his friends a story about his trip to India.
Ken's really got computers on the brain.
Kaneko was so stressed out at her new job that she had a nervous breakdown.
I'll see about getting the tickets.
All who take up the sword will perish by the sword.
It was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct.
If you want to have a row, have it with me.
Let's talk before fighting.
Fighting won't settle anything.
I got involved in other people's quarrel.
Who are you quarreling with?
Was the fight fixed up?
Please cease from quarreling.
Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side.
The two quarreling children sat making faces at each other.
A crowd collected to watch the fight.
I tried to stop their quarrel, but that was not easy.
Let's dispense with formalities.
Let's do away with all formalities.
Don't stand on ceremony. Just make yourself at home.
We must focus on building a solid grass-roots movement.
What food don't you like?
Don't pick at your food.
Speak plain truth.
I am not pushing.
The first phase of construction has been completed.
She has constructive ideas.
That's a constructive suggestion!
From the standpoint of architectural design, there can be more alternatives to this approach.
By architectural symmetry, Emmet means geometric symmetry combined with aesthetic uniformity.
The architect adapted the house to the needs of old people.
An architect should not pretend to be an artist.
Building materials are expensive now.
Buildings are much stronger now than they used to be.
The buildings look so tiny.
The buildings are filled with bags of wheat.
Takeo felt in his pocket for the ticket.
It was under these circumstances that the constitutional crisis began.
Some people want to amend the constitution.
We must not violate the Constitution.
It's my view that guns should be banned.
We check your guns here.
I'd like to have a medical examination.
I suspect that there was an oversight in the examination.
I'll call you when I get the results of the examination.
Please wait until we get the results of the examination.
The results of the test were negative.
The inspection was quite perfunctory.
The prosecution condemned the defendant for kidnapping a child.
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.
Simply put in a sample of your urine and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about it.
You need to have a stool examination.
There are a lot of people who always insist on the right.
Asked what exactly a right was, I was at a loss to explain it.
I exercise my rights.
See life in terms of power.
Power carries responsibility with it.
We have a dog, a cat and three canaries.
A dog jumped onto the chair and lay motionless for five minutes.
The dog is walking around the table.
The dog walked across the street.
A dog was run over by a truck.
The dog has lapped up the milk.
A dog followed me to my house.
Please see to it that the dog doesn't go out.
The dog jumped at the girl on her way to school.
A dog followed me to my school.
You had better chain up the dog so that he won't bite.
A dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is.
The dog is absorbed in his exercise.
The dog is crunching a bone.
When his dog died, he cried his heart out.
The dog came running up to me.
The dog bit me in the hand.
The dog attacked the little boy.
The dogs barked furiously at the intruder.
Look at the dog jump.
I saw a dog crossing the street.
A dog ran about in the garden.
Try getting a dog, a cat or a chicken.
A dog runs after a cat, and the cat after a mouse.
A dog was running after a cat.
A dog bit her on the leg.
A dog suddenly jumped at me.
The dog frightened the children away.
A dog is barking.
Wake not at every dog's bark.
The dog barked at the mailman.
When the dog comes, a stone cannot be found. When the stone is found, the dog does not come.
The dogs were closing in on the deer.
The dog is a faithful animal.
A cat contrasts with a dog well.
I am not in the least afraid of dogs.
Have you fed the dog?
The dog has various facial expressions.
I threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth.
Have you fed the dog yet?
Having fed the dog, he sat down to his own dinner.
I was bitten on the leg by a dog.
Tell her not to get near the dog.
Don't throw a stone at the dog.
The mere sight of a dog frightens him.
You must take care of your dog.
I want to keep a cat instead of a dog.
Dogs' faithfulness impresses us.
The dog's hair is, as it were, a sweater.
No dogs allowed.
I have three dogs; one is male and the others are female.
The dog jumped over a chair.
The dog traced the rabbit into the forest.
The dog ran after the rabbit.
The dog pursued a rabbit into the forest.
The dog is after the fox.
The dog ran after a fox.
The dog ran around and around.
The dog is often called 'man's best friend.'
All dogs are faithful.
The dog snarled at the salesman.
The dog ate the fish, bones, tail and all.
A dog is distinct from a cat in physical characteristics.
The dog snapped up the meat.
Each individual dog has a different character.
The dog stopped begging and went back on all fours.
We have to keep our dog tied.
Is the dog chained?
As for dogs, customers may not bring them into this store.
The dog was hit by a truck.
A dog has a sharp sense of smell.
The dog chased the cat up a tree.
The dog ran after the ball.
The dog slipped its collar without any difficulty.
Dogs often bury bones.
A dog can see in the dark.
The dog jumped over the fence into the garden.
The dog kept barking all through the night.
The dog ran off as fast as it could.
I didn't know that dogs swim well.
Is the dog swimming?
Dogs can swim.
The dog followed me to my home.
Man's best friend certainly makes a good addition to a household.
When a dog is very hungry, it devours its food.
A dog will bark at strangers.
The dog sniffed at the stranger.
The dog walked backward.
A dog seldom bites unless it is attacked.
Dogs see in black and white.
A dog has four legs.
The dog, seeing me beyond his reach, began barking.
The dog has bitten a hole in my sleeve.
Scarcely had the dog seen me when it ran away.
No sooner had the dog seen me than it ran up to me.
A dog is sometimes a dangerous animal.
The dog tagged along after his master.
As soon as the dog heard his master's voice, off he ran like a shot.
The dog defended his master from harm.
The dog slipped his collar.
The dog waited day after day for its master's return.
The dog cannot distinguish between colors.
A dog can run faster than a man can.
Dogs are man's closest friends.
It is said that the dog is man's best friend.
A dog is a man's best friend.
The dog looked into the water.
The dog wagged its tail eagerly.
A dog is a faithful animal, so it is said to be a friend of man.
The dog licked the plate with its tongue.
The dog bit the man.
The dog sat down by the man.
A dog is faithful.
A dog is a faithful animal.
The dog was chained to the post.
The dog's hair bristled up with anger.
The dog suddenly charged at the child.
The dog bit meat off the bone.
The dog's attempts to climb the tree after the cat came to nothing.
The dog knows black from white.
A dog is sensitive to smell.
The dog regarded his master anxiously.
The dog was sniffing a stick.
The dog ran around a tree.
A dog is a clever animal.
It is not easy to train dogs.
Don't leave your dog in all day.
The mere sight of a dog made her afraid.
At the sight of the dog, the cat ran off.
Call off your dogs.
Can't you keep your dog from coming into my garden?
What are the basic rules for keeping a dog?
You keep a dog, don't you?
He went about the town looking for the dog.
You may as well not keep a dog at all as leave it to someone else.
It was cruel of him to beat his dog.
Keep the dog out.
Don't bring the dog in.
Keep your dog chained up to the tree.
I'm uneasy about donating blood.
The more I studied psychology, the more interesting I came to find it.
The more you study, the more curious you will become.
During the first year of his research, he learned he had ALS.
Have you made progress in your studies?
Study takes a lot of energy, but it is worth the effort.
Allot the money for R&D.
I'm certain we can deliver the laboratory equipment by March 15th.
The research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product.
Allocate a room for research purposes.
Training conditions workers to react quickly to an emergency.
The training session is scheduled to begin at 4 p.m.
He gave instructions to the trainees, but they couldn't make heads or tails of them.
Silk feels soft.
Silk feels soft and smooth.
My shoulders feel stiff.
I have a pain in the shoulder.
I have a bad stiff neck.
I felt a severe pain on the shoulder.
Could you cut it shoulder length?
I got hurt in the shoulder.
A big title does not necessarily mean a high position.
It's no use playing tough.
When we looked down, we saw many buildings.
Don't judge by appearances.
Formidable looking spiders do not attack people.
She is as active as she looks.
See nothing, hear nothing, say nothing.
A stranger came up to me and asked me the time.
Oh, let me show you.
Apparently, they're trying to patch up their marriage.
It appears that he is honest.
It's an eyesore.
He seems like a softy on the surface, but at the core he's got an iron will that makes him an extremely tough negotiator.
Whoever finds us will take the pearl.
If you are found out, you'll catch it.
Finders keepers, losers weepers.
Can you find it?
Look. This is natto.
Just to watch it made me nervous.
You should try to see it.
Look! Two boys are fighting.
Please lend me the video when you have seen it.
You don't have to stand over me.
Let me check it.
I can't stand to watch you.
Look! The book is burning.
There are many animals to see there.
Look! The airplane is taking off.
Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world!
It's incredible that you could write such a well-designed program after just picking up programming by imitation.
To see is to believe.
Seeing is believing.
He found the door locked.
She found her baby still asleep.
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.
I couldn't abide looking at it.
They say that to see is to believe.
I made my orange scarf and white smock very bright, so people would notice them right away.
I know him by sight.
The more you look, the more you will see, and the more interesting they will become.
As far as the eye could reach, nothing was to be seen but sand.
There was lavender as far as the eye could see.
I can see a strange blue bird on the roof.
Keep track of everything that looks promising.
The chances are that you will find him.
I passed the test with flying colors.
It's a beautiful job.
The entry words are arranged alphabetically.
Looking up, I saw him come in.
We found that there is no information about freight and insurance in your quote.
The rummage sale netted me a profit.
Thank you for your kindness in seeing me.
I'm disappointed with you.
A stranger was seen to steal into his house.
A stranger inquired about the way to the station.
A stranger inquired about the train schedule.
A stranger came up, asking me the way to the museum.
A stranger came up to me and asked the way.
A stranger came into the building.
A stranger beat urgently at the front door.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He took me for some other person, I'm sure.
A stranger spoke to me on the crowded bus.
A stranger asked me the way to the school.
A stranger spoke to me.
The stranger came toward me.
You have to beware of strangers.
Barking at strangers is a habit common to many dogs.
There is a strange man in front of the house.
A strange man was walking back and forth in front of my house.
A strange man caught me by the collar.
A strange man menaced her with a knife.
A strange man was walking back and forth on the pavement.
A strange man came up to us.
I'm seeing you in a new light.
The outlook was negative.
There was nothing but the blue sea as far as the eye could reach.
As far as I could see, everything was covered with snow.
As far as the eye could see, nothing could be seen except cornfields.
As far as the eye can reach, nothing is to be seen but sand.
There was nothing but forest as far as the eye could see.
The field was white as far as the eye could see.
Everything was covered with snow as far as the eye could see.
There was nothing but the ocean as far as the eye could see.
The spacious plain spread as far as the eye can see, dotted with groves here and there.
There was nothing but sand as far as the eye could see.
As far as the eye could reach, there was no sign of life.
There was nothing but water as far as the eye could see.
The ground was covered with snow, as far as the eye could see.
There were green fields as far as the eye could reach.
Handsome is that handsome does.
In a sense, she is right, too.
Learn humility.
Any clever boy can do it.
A bright child is curious about life and reality.
Some are wise, some are otherwise.
A wise man would not do such a thing.
A wise man would not say such a thing.
If he were a wise man, he would not have his son idle.
A word to the wise is enough.
A wise person profits by his mistakes.
A wise man does not try to hurry history.
Some are wise and some are otherwise.
Smart shopping requires careful planning.
Kenji is a tennis player.
Kenji plays tennis.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
A wise man profits from his mistakes.
Some wise man has said life consists of one disappointment after another.
Great minds think alike.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend who is wise and helpful.
A wise businessman knows how to clamp down on costs.
A wise man would not act in that way.
By investing wisely, she accumulated a fortune.
A wise mother might not have scolded her child.
He was wise enough to take her advice.
The lock doesn't catch.
Do you have something with keys?
Without the key, she could not have entered the room.
The lock must be out of order.
I can't find my key.
I'm a lock without a key.
The key was nowhere to be found.
May I have the key?
His bicycle was stolen because he left it unlocked.
I left my keys on the table; could you fetch them for me?
Turn the key to the right.
I had no difficulty breaking the lock.
I searched the drawer for the key.
I'm looking for my key.
I locked myself out.
The key was left in the room.
The steep path is the sole access to the border.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
Adjust the microscope's focus.
There may be microscopes involved, bringing us ever closer to the heart of the matter; but even microbiology is objective, adding to knowledge by putting space between an object and its observer.
I have lost both principal and interest.
Some people have a lot of go.
How are you? What sort of day are you having today?
You look down.
I lost heart.
You're looking good!
I'm fine. How about you?
I'm fine, thank you. And you?
Are you doing fine?
Fine, thank you. And you?
Good luck.
I'm doing fine.
I hope things have been going well for you.
You seem to be a little under the weather.
Hardy young people like mountaineering.
Quite well, thank you.
You must pull yourself together and face up to life.
Cheer up! I'm sure we'll be saved.
Cheer up! Everything will soon be all right.
Cheer up! It will soon come out all right.
Cheer up!
Cheer up! Things are not so bad as you think.
Rise and shine.
The chemical symbol H expresses hydrogen.
Mr Suzuki, who is a former Prime Minister, will be chairman of the committee.
On New Year's Day, many people visit neighborhood shrines.
On New Year's Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
Football originally meant "a game played with a ball on foot" - unlike a game played on horseback, such as polo.
Cause and effect react upon each other.
Can you think of any reasons?
Clear up the cause.
Subtle differences in tone discriminate the original from the copy.
The original and the copy are easily distinguished since the one is much more vivid than the other.
The original and the copy are easily distinguished.
I'd like to make some changes in the draft.
The original was written as a school textbook.
In primitive societies barter was used.
The primitive man was frightened at the sign of the beast.
The primitive man was frightened at the sight of a savage beast.
Primitive calculating machines existed long before computers were developed.
A great deal of energy is locked up in the nucleus.
The atomic bomb is the offspring of 20th century physics.
Atomic bombs are a danger to the human race.
Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.
Nuclear power is used to generate electricity.
The two teams debated on the issue of nuclear power.
There is no dream of man which atomic power does not promise a chance to attain.
It is desirable that atomic energy should be used for peaceful purposes.
We should be the last people on earth to approve of the use of atomic energy for military purposes.
We can not be too careful in operating a nuclear power plant.
Nuclear power plants don't appeal to everybody.
The natives saw an airplane then for the first time.
The natives collect and store rain-water to drink.
The natives have to defend their land against invaders.
Harajuku is one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
In principle, there should be a parking place for every car. In practice, this is not true.
The atomic bomb destroyed the entire city of Hiroshima.
The atomic bomb is a grave threat to mankind.
When refined, crude oil yields many products.
The crude oil price is falling further.
Freedom of speech is now taken as a matter of course.
Due to severe educational influence the child became a wholly different person.
Some people live far removed from harsh realities.
An acute lack of funds is holding up the plan.
The severe housing shortage is partly to blame for the inflated rents.
It's a grim world.
They say we are going to have a severe winter.
Hard labor was beginning to tell on his health.
Find a mean between harshness and indulgence.
A strict father makes his children toe the line by thorough training.
From a strictly scientific point of view, history cannot be called a science.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is not grammatical.
Strictly speaking, you are wrong.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is grammatically incorrect.
Strictly speaking, the theory is not correct.
Strictly speaking, a tomato is a fruit.
Strictly speaking, you are not right.
Strictly speaking, his view differs somewhat from that of his opponents.
Strictly speaking, his view differs somewhat from mine.
Strictly speaking, his answer is not correct.
Strictly speaking, he is not qualified for the job.
Speaking strictly, your opinion is different from mine.
Strictly speaking, it was not a vertical line.
Strictly speaking, they are not the same variety.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is not a vegetable. It's a fruit.
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.
Strictly speaking, the bamboo is a kind of grass.
Strictly speaking, Chinese consists of hundreds of dialects.
Strictly speaking, there were some mistakes in his speech.
Strictly speaking, she's not qualified for the job.
She says she is seeing things.
Tax cuts are often used as a major fiscal tool to stimulate the economy.
It is often said that a good way to lose weight is to stop eating sweets.
Don't open your umbrella in the hall.
There was a knock at the front door.
Because the entrance was locked, we couldn't enter the house.
There is a strange man at the door.
How does the front door-lock work?
She was careful not to leave the door unlocked.
I heard the front door slam.
The front door was open.
The doorbell is ringing.
I heard the doorbell ring. Go and see who it is.
There came a loud knock on the on the front door.
As I've got no cash, can I pay by check?
If you run out of cash, you can fall back on your savings in the bank.
Cash or charge?
Charge this to my account.
Could I get a discount if I pay in cash?
You don't have to pay in cash.
Someone stole my cash.
We found there was scarcely any money left in the cash-box.
We give a 10% discount for cash.
Existing legislation does not take diversity of races into account.
To many people today, "competitive" is a bad word.
At present there are about 31 million Americans over the age of sixty-five.
Everything is all right now.
He's reigning champion, and no young challenger is going to take it away from him.
That's all I can say at the moment.
People say that Japan is the richest country in the world.
At present he lives on his own and the world is nothing to him.
She is economically independent of her parents now.
Fifty of the machines are running at the present time.
It's impossible to take on more work at the moment.
At present, the cause of the disease is unknown.
Now, one and a half billion more human beings can live on the earth's surface, supporting themselves by working for others.
Today our artificial satellites are revolving around the earth.
At present freedom of speech is taken for granted.
Would you please let me know what the status is right away?
Present supplies of fruit are short of requirements.
There is no time like the present.
The present state of the city's finances is not good.
We will replace the current version with the upgrade.
It's better as it is.
Your way of doing things will have an effect on your future.
Modern technology has made our lives more comfortable.
I believe it would be unproductive with regard to the present recovery.
Judging from the present look of the sky, we may have a downpour any moment.
Many are fed up with their present careers.
What is the unemployment rate at the moment?
The present prime minister was not present at the ceremony.
The current imbalance between supply and demand is considered to reflect structural changes on the demand side, rather than being a cyclical phenomenon.
Honesty doesn't pay under the current tax system.
What do you think of the present cabinet?
What do you think has caused the present trade friction between Japan and the U.S.?
His income is now double what it was ten years ago.
She is not the woman she was before she married.
The current rate is about one airplane crash every two weeks, measuring all serious accidents to all types of transport jets.
Now I am very interested in the Italian Renaissance.
In the old days people valued selflessness. But this generation seems to make a virtue out of selfishness.
We need no more men at present.
It might be said that this is the computer age.
Everything is all right at present.
Where do you live now?
There's very little money coming in at present.
Nowadays many college students are neglectful of their studies.
Now all they want is a roof over their heads.
The problem before us today is not a new one.
The factory now under construction will assemble 3,000 VCR units per day.
The most severe problem at present is that of over-population.
We are currently looking for individuals who have experience in customer service.
Some people are never content with what they have.
People are more educated now than they used to be.
Are you having your period?
Many people work in this field now.
At present we have various difficulties to cope with.
The average skilled workers now earn over $10,000 a year.
We currently have 200 well organized sales offices all over Japan.
At present, we have 1,600 students at our school.
You must not get away from reality.
You can't escape from reality.
Fall from reality.
Reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
A person won't remain long in business if he does not come down to earth and think business.
It is not always easy to face reality.
Possession is nine points of the law.
There has been more interest in clever words than in the real problems.
Stop hiding your head in the sand.
Let's face the facts!
You should face reality.
You should face up to the reality.
The plan was rejected as being impractical.
On the practical side, the application of Emmet's theory has produced several outstanding designs.
There was no evidence against him found at the scene.
We cannot offer a further price reduction under the current circumstances.
Under the circumstances we have no choice but to surrender.
Under the circumstances, bankruptcy is inevitable.
We are groping for a way out of the present situation.
Modern heroes are represented by rock stars.
What defect can you find in the present system of education?
Modern bridges are similar in shape.
Modern finance is becoming increasingly complicated and sophisticated.
The social problems of the day tend to be more and more complicated.
Modern cars differ from the early ones in many ways.
Because of modern communication and transportation systems, the world is getting smaller.
The cultures of the world are now becoming rather similar.
We owe our modern life to electricity.
We live in the atomic age.
It is not too much to say that this is the atomic age.
Our age goes in for quantity regardless of quality.
This is the age of information, and computers are playing an increasingly important role in our everyday life.
We often hear it said that ours is essentially a tragic age.
It must also be said that spotting what is important in current science is a matter of judgement, one cannot know that one is right.
Modern science has turned many impossibilities into possibilities.
Modern art means little to me.
What do you think of modern art?
Modern poetry is often most obscure.
What is the role of the University in the modern society?
Modern society is overflowing with all sorts of information.
Modern people cannot do without cars.
I have difficulty understanding abstract modern art, especially Mondrian.
Modern philosophy has its beginnings in the 19th century.
Modern art has broken away from nineteenth century conventions.
Modern civilization rests on a foundation of science and education.
The natives were not allowed to enter the district.
I'm going to do an internship at a local company.
Ten o'clock local time?
The natives were tormented by a long spell of dry weather.
People rarely come to see you once you are retired.
After retirement, Teresa devoted herself to caring for orphans.
In other words, reliability is impossible unless there is a natural warmth.
In other words, he is a man of faith.
I understand what you're saying.
You can say whatever you want to.
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.
Do as you were told to do.
You are going too far.
Haven't you gone too far?
In other words, it takes all sorts of people to make a world.
In order words, it is a matter of common sense.
In other words, education is the instruction of the intellect in the laws of Nature.
In other words, I don't like to work with him.
In other words, he betrayed us.
In other words, he is the most able young man I know.
In other words, she wants to refuse the proposal.
She became, in other words, a good wife.
In other words, the field of the magnet is near the pigeon's head.
Little remains to be said.
After their argument they weren't on speaking terms.
The quarrel left an unpleasant aftertaste.
Settle the argument soon.
State your case briefly.
Don't just keep making excuses.
There is no use trying to excuse yourself.
Saying is quite different from doing.
To say is one thing, to do is another.
Saying and doing are two different things.
Saying is one thing and doing another.
Talking is one thing, doing is another.
You should be careful what you say.
Easier said than done.
It's easier said than done.
Needless to say, Norway has become the world's second largest oil supplier.
Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.
Needless to say, he never came again.
Needless to say, Judy came late as usual.
It goes without saying that the ideology is behind the times.
Needless to say, health is above wealth.
Needless to say, he did not win the prize.
It goes without saying that Rome was not built in a day.
It goes without saying military discipline is literally rigid.
It goes without saying that experience is a good teacher.
Needless to say, health is more important than wealth.
Needless to say, fear of war has to be handed down.
Needless to say, getting up early is important.
It goes without saying that every one is bound to obey the law.
Needless to say, he could not get the prize.
Needless to say, I've come here to help you.
Obviously, the server load will increase as a result.
It is needless to say that you are to blame.
Needless to say, because of the accident, he will stay away from school for a while.
Needless to say, he is right.
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.
To say is one thing, and to do is another.
If you ask me, reading comics is a complete waste of time.
It is difficult to put what we said in practice.
I told you before!
My lips are sealed.
Come on out with it.
There are some things you can say and some things you can't.
You cannot take back what you have said.
Why don't you say it?
Am I making myself clear?
You should keep your mouth shut.
Save your breath.
Don't tell me.
Speech is silver, silence is gold.
Do as you are told.
Do it as you are told.
Do as you're told to do.
Please read between the lines.
If you read between the lines, this letter is a request for money.
You must read between the lines.
There are many guesses about how language began, but the fact is that no one really knows.
But for language, there would be no thought.
I like languages.
We communicate with one another by means of language.
Language enable us to communicate with other people.
Language is unique in that any statement must start out as the creation of an individual mind.
Language keeps in step with the times.
Language changes as human beings do.
Language is peculiar to man.
Language is a vehicle of human thought.
Language is a specifically human characteristic.
Language is an indispensable instrument of human society.
Language is unique to man.
Language is one of man's most important inventions.
Language is a means of communication.
Some children learn languages easily and others with difficulty.
Some consider language as a form of knowledge.
The linguist is quite familiar with the dialect.
Language acquisition requires creativity.
Ability to talk distinguishes human beings from animals.
Linguistic competence is inborn, not acquired.
I could never be a true man of my word.
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I don't quite know how to put what I want to say.
I am at a loss for words.
Words failed me.
Watch your language.
Words cannot express it.
I can't quite explain it, but I believe I've caught a glimpse of the differences between Japanese and American cultures and lifestyles.
Words cannot convey my feelings.
Words cannot convey my true feelings.
Saying is one thing, and doing is quite another.
Watch out for your tongue.
Emotion counts above vocabulary in verbal communication.
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the Rhythmical Creation of Beauty.
He told me to be careful in speech.
Watch your mouth!
Try to motivate kids with verbal praise.
His accent betrays him to be a Frenchman.
Her accent gave her away.
You had better consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
The meaning of words can change according to their context.
Please show me the meaning of word.
Repetition plays an important role in language study.
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
In spite of the language difficulty, we soon became friends.
Words, when well chosen, have such great force in them.
Language is one of the most important ways of communication.
Words travel across the universe.
Language is a fundamental problem of international marriage.
Words stand for ideas.
Words serve to express ideas.
A word spoken at the wrong time can do very much more harm than good.
Words may pass but blows fall heavy.
The word became flesh and lived for a while among us.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
It is wrong to divide language into "living" and "dead".
It is said that man is different from other animals in that man uses language.
To give a definition of word is more difficult than to give an illustration of its usage.
You can't separate language from culture.
You should always be careful in your speech.
Put in a good word for me.
Freedom of speech is restricted in some countries.
Freedom of speech was tightly restricted.
Many advantages accrue to society from the freedom of speech.
Freedom of speech is taken as a matter of course.
The proverb says that what is done cannot be undone.
As the proverb goes, "The end justifies the means."
It is no use crying over spilt milk, as the proverb says.
As the saying goes, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained."
Proverbs are still very popular in America.
I wonder if there is any meaning to putting proverbs into English.
Keep on swimming up to your limit.
You can win all the battles yet lose the war.
You get to see the wood only when it becomes too difficult to distinguish individual trees.
I'd like to reserve a private compartment.
An individual has rights and responsibilities.
It is our policy not to give out personal information.
We must respect the will of the individual.
The rights of the individual are the most important rights in a free society.
We must respect individual liberty.
Private charity is only a drop in the bucket.
The deceased was eighty years old.
Each individual is different.
Individuals do not exist for the development of the State.
The individual is the fundamental element of a community.
In a country where individualism is more common, personal objections to smoking in public are usually respected.
Disposable income is what counts for the level of personal consumption.
The buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue.
It's better for you to keep out of private affairs.
Might I ask you a personal question?
You shouldn't ask personal questions.
Don't take it personally.
Personally, I don't think it makes any difference who wins the election.
There are many old Indian legends.
An old castle stands near the river.
Older carpets are more valuable than newer carpets.
I disposed of my old coat.
Replace the old tires with new ones.
An antique pot was dug out.
The old television set went for 10 dollars.
It's an old piano.
I'll put the old bridge back.
In many old movies the heroine is always the one to die.
The old house was taken down.
Old homes, especially traditional Japanese ones, can be damp and unfriendly to modern life.
Compared with the old model, this is far easier to handle.
As compared with the old model, this is far easier to handle.
The old church stands north of the town.
They decided to pull down the old building.
This bicycle is old, but it's better than nothing.
I was looking at old pictures.
I ran across his telephone number in an old address book of mine.
I'll discard my old jacket.
An old belief is sometimes still widely current.
Should old acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind?
Old traditions are crumbling away.
Exchange the old part for a new one.
I was ashamed to go out in old clothes.
The old method proved to be best after all.
It's no use trying to stick to the old ways.
An old wooden box served as table.
He sent his old clothes home for his brothers, and sent his family money, too.
The good old days are gone never to return.
He is as brave a man as ever breathed.
In all times and places many examples of poor relations between wives and mothers-in-law can be seen.
No matter where in the world or when, a parent's love for a child is the same.
He is the bravest soldier that ever lived.
The old guard was nearly voted out of the Upper House.
In the days of the ancient Incas, it was the largest city in America.
The ancient Greeks knew as much about the solar system as we do.
In ancient times, plagues killed many people.
Salt was a rare and costly commodity in ancient times.
Ancient astronomers did not have instruments to help them see objects in the sky.
Ancient astronomers noticed constellations and gave them names.
In ancient Rome, the bodyguards who surrounded the wealthy and powerful to protect them when they walked the streets, were called satellites.
The ancient Romans founded colonies throughout Europe.
The ancients believed the earth was flat.
Some ancient people thought of the sun as their God.
The ancients conceived of the world as flat.
I wish I could see the ancient world.
New facts about ancient China have recently come to light.
It is worthwhile reading classical works of literature.
Reading classics is not easy.
I like shopping in used-book stores and in used-clothing shops.
Can you page someone for me?
What's the name of the person you want paged?
I'd like to page someone.
I have difficulty breathing.
Is he breathing?
A man who asks his wife's permission before taking any action except breathing is a henpecked husband.
You don't have to be so formal.
Don't eat hard foods.
I have hard stools.
Leave it in the refrigerator until it sets.
When a solid melts, it becomes liquid.
Water in a solid state is called ice.
He put up a brave and lone struggle, but up against such heavy odds he couldn't get his business plan accepted.
The orphan met up with his two sisters when he was five years old.
Being an orphan, my father had to start earning money at ten.
The fund was set up to help orphans.
The orphan children were told to behave themselves.
We shouldn't confuse solitude with isolation. They are two separate things.
The lonely patient derives pleasure from sewing.
Many times I've been alone.
Isolation is the common lot of man.
Some people enjoy solitude.
Know who you are.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.
Do to others as you would have others do to you.
Live and let live.
Nothing is more important than this: to know yourself.
Don't judge others by yourself.
To know oneself is not easy.
I heard the door open.
The door suddenly opening, she sprang to her feet.
The door blew open.
There was a new coat of paint on the door.
Lock the door!
Lock the door without fail.
The door opens from within.
The door bolts on the inside.
The door remains closed.
Hold the door.
Open the door and let in the dog.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't as it was locked.
I heard a knock at the door.
You'd better shut the door.
Be kind enough to shut the door.
Shut the damned door!
Take exercises out of doors.
It is dark out of doors.
Who is the girl at the door?
There is a man waiting for you at the door.
Mr Togawa was nominated for mayor.
All of the money in the cupboard was stolen.
I looked in the cupboard.
Don't forget to bolt the door.
I'll bring you up to date with hometown news.
Mr Kawabata writes a letter home every year.
When we are away from home, nothing gives us more pleasure than to receive a parcel from home.
How I long for a sight of my native land.
How I long for a sight of my native land!
The trouble lay in the engine.
It seems out of order.
The trouble lies in the engine.
The trouble may lie in the engine.
A monument has been erected to the memory of the deceased.
A fund was launched to set up a monument in memory of the dead man.
The fog was rising from the lake.
The lake was adjacent to his house.
I'd like to take it easy riding in a rowboat - just the two of us.
May I swim in the lake?
We had our vacation at the lake.
There were hundreds of birds on the lake.
There was thin ice on the lake.
We'll go to the lake to have lunch.
We could see the reflection of the mountains in the lake.
The boats on the lake make a beautiful scene.
The lake is deep here.
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.
There lives an old man in the hut by the lake.
The house by the lake is mine.
Last night, Mizuki was completely drunk and she was walking along the lake, and then she fell in the water.
We came in view of the lake.
There were some boats on the lake.
They shoot them off over the lake.
How deep is the lake?
In the middle of the lake lies the island.
The ice on the lake couldn't bear his weight.
The lake is a long way from here.
The lake is deepest here.
The lake is deepest around here.
The lake is calm, with some swans swimming on it.
The lake is three miles across.
The lake was frozen.
The lake was frozen, so we walked across the ice.
The lake was beautiful with some swans swimming on it.
The lake was bound in ice.
The lake was gleaming in the bright sunshine.
The lake is about 25 meters deep.
The lake is surrounded by green hills.
We would run down to the lake and jump in.
Let's drive to the lake.
What do you say to driving to the lake?
The drive to the lake was very exciting.
Let's walk to the lake.
The water in lakes and rivers is usually fresh.
There were a lot of boats on the lake.
There are quite a few hotels by the lake.
A fox came along.
A fox was caught in the snare.
Did you notice that a fox family were running?
It is said that the fox is more cunning than any other animal.
A tiger appears near here.
A great man will be remembered for his achievements.
The tiger is a vanishing species.
A tiger is a beast of prey.
You may as well call a cat a small tiger as call a tiger a big cat.
Torajiro made it clear that he was in love with me.
His pride wouldn't allow him to do such a mean thing.
The proud Trojan city was taken at last.
Bankruptcy is to the employer what dismissal is to the employee.
Employers sometimes exploit their workers.
The employer was quite taken by her charm.
The employer made a new offer to the workers.
Our employer will not give way to our demands for higher wages.
Employment continued to lag.
Workers are taking a financial beating in the employment crisis.
In terms of the number of employees, this is the largest of all industries.
His employer was sincerely grateful for his cooperation.
A hundred billion castaways are looking for a home.
An increase in customer complaints could signal a decline in business.
Cold calls are the primary function of the telemarketing department.
I have told you how to treat customers.
I want to build my corporate site to attract customers.
We will take it to the potential customers.
Potential customers have been listed.
Can you change a five-dollar bill?
The square of 5 is 25.
I asked her to call me at five o'clock.
I'll pick you up at your home at five.
Please wait till five, when he will back.
Do not fail to come here by five.
The 5ZIGEN's exhaust gives a nice sound.
I'm suffering from a frozen shoulder.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamed of fifty years ago.
Do you have a table for five?
The Great Lakes supply drinking water.
We were married five years ago today.
Five minutes later she emerged from the kitchen.
Hiroshi Itsuki has slits for eyes.
Goro had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
A custom developed in which they would kiss each other.
Avoid each other's society.
Both tried one experiment after another, helping each other.
We became cordial with one another.
Let's play tennis in the afternoon.
Will it rain this afternoon?
I will meet you at the station at 10 p.m.
Is it convenient for you if I come at 5 p.m.?
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.
Is it convenient for you if I come at 6 p.m.?
I'd like to make a reservation for the express train that leaves at 6:00 p.m.
Have you anything to do this afternoon?
I thought it would clear up in the afternoon.
The weather will change for the worse this afternoon.
The weather is supposed to go downhill starting this afternoon.
I have a lot of things to do this afternoon.
I have some free time in the afternoon.
We have two lessons in the afternoon.
I am going to play tennis in the afternoon.
It is likely to rain this afternoon.
It is going to rain this afternoon.
We have two classes in the afternoon.
It will clear up in the afternoon.
Please come to my office in the afternoon.
We'll give an interview in the afternoon.
There was no objection on the part of those present at the afternoon meeting.
I walked for two hours in the afternoon heat.
I want to arrive at Kennedy Airport early in the afternoon.
Is there a flight in the afternoon?
It feels like it will rain in the afternoon.
I'll be absent from home in the afternoon.
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
We had the afternoon off.
From now on, let's study in the morning.
Will it clear up this afternoon?
Although she practised every afternoon, her tennis didn't improve at all.
In the afternoon I must arrange for the trip.
Let's have a swim in the afternoon.
If you come back this afternoon, I'll have a couple of experts here for you.
It rained all through the afternoon.
It will rain in the afternoon.
When shall I call on you this afternoon?
It's two o'clock in the afternoon.
We have an opening at two o'clock.
I will meet you at the station at 10 a.m.
You went to bed at 2 o'clock in the morning? No wonder you look sleepy today.
I've been looking for it all morning.
I have been trying all morning to get in touch with Mr Jones, but his line is always busy.
Shall I call for you in the morning?
Call a taxi in the morning, please.
We have four classes in the morning.
Is it more expensive to call in the morning?
Clean out the room in the morning.
Is there a flight in the morning?
I'll be at home in the morning.
It rained heavily in the morning.
I called him this morning.
Goro is good at English.
There was very little in the way of entertainment.
They won't be ready for another month.
If you had come only two minutes earlier, you could have caught the bus.
One more person will be joining us later.
Customers came one after another.
Let me call you back later, OK?
I'll come and see you later.
I will telephone you later on.
I'll run over there later, in my car.
I have tennis practice later.
May I ask you to call me back later?
I'll do it later on.
I'm gonna have to call you back.
Let me know the results later.
She set it aside for future use.
Please call me up later.
Please contact me later.
I will explain the situation to you later on.
I'll come to pick it up later.
I'll clean up the kitchen later.
I'll let you know later.
I'll catch up with you later.
Shall I call you up later?
Will you phone me later, please?
You'll be sorry!
This will bring you to grief.
How much longer will it take for the tub to fill?
How soon are we going to arrive?
Later, in high school, I would take chemistry the way I took vitamin pills.
I afterward sold them to enable me to buy R. Burton's Historical Collections.
Later, Chris felt ashamed and apologized and Beth forgave him.
I know you want to marry me now, but don't you think you'll have second thoughts afterward?
If you turn in a test late, it will not be accepted.
Read such books as will be useful in later life.
Later the personal guards of kings were called satellites.
Later, those from many other countries flocked to the United States because they were attracted by reports of great economic opportunities and religious and political freedom.
I've never heard such a story all my life.
He is the only son that we have ever had.
There will be the deuce to pay.
After death, the doctor.
The rest is left to you!
After us, the Deluge.
Would you please call him back later?
Will you place your call again later?
I heard my name called from behind.
Speak louder for the benefit of those in the rear.
They had a dent in the rear door.
Please shut the door behind you.
I came down from the back to get a better look at the board.
People in the back row craned to see the stage.
I want it tapered in the back.
Look back!
Don't look back.
Turn back, please.
I've never done the kind of thing people would talk about behind my back.
He raised his heel against me.
Shadow him.
The backer is waiting to see how the deal pans out.
Don't wanna regret.
It's too late for regrets.
It leaves a bad aftertaste.
Afterwards there will be hell to pay.
Don't talk about people behind their backs.
The latter view has many supporters in Japan.
All of these abilities are passed on to us by genetic transmission; we receive them by way of the genes that we inherit from our parents.
For goodness' sake, please be nice to him.
In the name of mercy, stop crying.
She implored for mercy.
Weigh your words well.
Let's just try it. Who cares what happens afterward? There's no sense thinking too much about that.
Professor Goto directed my graduate work.
The sale will be over in two days.
I borrowed the notebook PC from the junior staff member.
May I help you clear the table?
Would you come with me?
We sent you the book at your request.
I am in full accord with your viewpoint.
Can I have a doctor look at me?
I'd like to do with you but I can't afford the plane fare.
Tell me something about your family.
Is it true that your family will travel in Hokkaido? I envy you.
For what time, sir?
How about a cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
Drop by any time you are in town.
Let's help each other.
Let me congratulate you on your engagement.
Whoever believes in him is not condemned.
The car I rented from you has a problem.
You cannot be serious.
I heartily congratulate you on your success.
You know about that, don't you?
Please accept our condolences on the death of your father.
May you be happy.
Attention please!
Could I have some more tea?
The gift-giving custom dies hard.
Give me your attention, please.
Bring the water to a boil.
I hope you will be completely cured.
All our best to that little boy.
Please leave nothing behind.
Could I help you?
I saw the Spirit come down from heaven as a dove and remain on him.
So it is with everyone born of the Spirit.
They were good rivals at go.
Playing go is my favorite pastime.
Playing go is my only recreation.
An earlier sense of a word need not be its present basic sense.
There is a time to speak and a time to be silent.
It's not even worth mentioning.
There are few, if any, mistakes.
You don't have to cover your mistake.
Correct errors.
You would do well to correct your mistakes.
It seems that there was a misunderstanding.
I'm afraid there's a misunderstanding.
Don't get me wrong.
Don't misunderstand me; we are not making any promises.
Thank you for clearing up the misunderstanding.
This is to clear up the misunderstanding.
To reduce misunderstandings we should learn the techniques for communicating successfully.
Please let me set the record straight.
Thank you for setting the record straight.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, they went through the contract again.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.
The beggar accosted me for money.
The beggar was dizzy with hunger and fatigue.
Once a beggar, always a beggar.
Did you know that carp eat tadpoles?
Such fishes as carp and trout live in fresh water.
I would like to return it to you for replacement.
The operator put me through to New York.
Operator, we were cut off.
Operator. Which extension would you like.
The operator told me to hang up and wait for a moment.
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.
The operator put me through to Canada.
Operator, I'm trying to get through to Boston.
This is an operator.
The signal at the intersection didn't increase the number of the traffic accidents in the city.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the intersection.
I am not sanguine that the negotiations will succeed.
I blame him for our failure in the negotiations.
I think you're partly to blame for the negotiation breakdown.
A breakdown in the negotiations will mean war.
We have to set the scene for negotiations.
I wouldn't have him on the other side in a negotiation.
The negotiations are at a very delicate stage.
The negotiations made little progress.
The negotiations stepped into a crucial phase.
The negotiation ended in failure.
The negotiation has entered upon a new phase.
The negotiation has entered upon a serious phase.
The negotiation is off.
We have agreed to continue the negotiations.
I just can't seem to make contact.
Remain at your post until relieved.
The birds ate the bugs taking turns.
Let's take turns rowing the boat.
Traffic is all tied up.
You must take care driving.
You should be careful in crossing the busy street.
Between the traffic and the dog's barking, he couldn't sleep.
There was no gap in the stream of traffic.
The current of traffic moved very slowly.
Traffic is a major urban problem.
Following traffic rules is important.
I got a traffic ticket.
Transportation workers staged a walkout to protest pay cuts.
What form of transport will we take?
We should obey the traffic rules.
You should obey the traffic rules.
We should observe our traffic rules.
The traffic rules are not often obeyed.
You are to observe traffic rules.
It is very important to obey the traffic rules.
We stayed home for Christmas, so as to avoid heavy traffic.
There was a car accident and the traffic didn't move an inch.
An accident has happened.
The traffic accident took place on the main highway.
The traffic accident deprived the young man of his sight.
The number of people who die in traffic accidents is surprising.
I broke my leg in a traffic accident.
A traffic accident deprived him of the use of his left hand.
Talking of traffic accidents, I saw one last year.
I was involved in a traffic accident.
We should guard against traffic accidents.
His delay of coming here on time is due to a traffic accident.
A traffic accident caused us a lot of trouble.
We had to put off the meeting because of the traffic accident.
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.
As a result of a traffic accident, several persons were killed.
There has been an increase in the number of traffic accidents.
The cause of the traffic accident was reported by the police.
Traffic accidents are increasing in number.
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.
We must take measures to prevent traffic accidents.
A traffic accident happened there.
Traffic accidents are likely to occur on rainy days.
Traffic accidents are increasing year by year.
I don't like the traffic.
I know you can rely on him for transportation.
The traffic jam lasted one hour.
The traffic was very heavy. The cars were lined up bumper to bumper.
I was caught in a traffic jam.
We were delayed by the heavy traffic.
The traffic jam caused me to be late for the meeting.
I was late because of heavy traffic.
As a result of a traffic jam, he wasn't able to see her off at the station.
They failed to come on time owing to the traffic jam.
Because of a traffic jam, we were late for the meeting.
We were late as a result of the traffic jam.
I could hardly make out the traffic lights.
Traffic lights are used to regulate traffic.
A traffic policeman signals directions to drivers by waving his hands and arms.
The noise of traffic prevented us from hearing what the man said.
There was little traffic, so we made good time on our trip to New York.
Traffic was light.
Since the traffic was light, we made good time driving to the beach.
The noisy of heavy traffic was such that the policeman could not make himself heard.
A police station is close at hand.
I saw a number of people around the police box.
Do you know where the police station is?
The candidates thoroughly argued the point.
The candidates are out kissing babies and pumping hands.
Candidates traded blows over the proposed tax cut.
There's no shortage of candidates.
The candidate made a quick response to the criticism.
How do you know that light travels faster than sound?
Light shines through the large windows outside the picture frame.
Light is the stimulus that causes a flower to open.
Light has come into the world.
The glow of the light was intense.
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound.
The velocity of light is about 186,000 miles per second.
The light travels at about 186,000 miles a second.
Light waves travel through space and various kinds of materials.
While light waves travel most quickly through air, they go slower through water and even slower through glass.
Light is no less necessary to plants than water.
Light travels around the earth seven and a half times a second.
The light shines in the darkness.
The light penetrates the darkness.
Light travels much faster than sound.
Light travels faster than sound.
Light is as necessary as fresh air is for health.
Light travels at a velocity of 186,000 miles per second.
Fiber-optic cables are made up of tiny glass fibers which are as thin as human hairs.
Light and sound travel in waves.
Too much light hurts the eye.
How time flies!
We often hear it said that time flies.
Time flies like an arrow.
His study of optics led him to the invention of the magnifying glass.
Light is resolved by a prism into seven colors.
We expect rapid growth of the utilities sector.
I had my money stolen in the park.
How about having our lunch in the park?
In the park birds are singing all around.
I got off at the park.
Don't play baseball in the park.
It was fun playing in the park.
There are a great many people in the park.
There were a lot of young couples in the park.
There were a crowd of people in the park.
In the park, some sat on benches, and others strolled about.
There were quite a few children in the park.
There are many such birds in the park.
There are a lot of children in the park.
There were a lot of people in the park.
There are many people in the park.
There are lots of animals in the park.
Are there many trees in the park?
There were few people in the park.
The park is planted with trees of some kind or other.
There are some boys in the park.
There was a large crowd in the park.
There were a great many boys and girls in the park.
I saw something white in the park.
Go to the park.
In our park, we have a nice slide for children to play on.
Several gardeners look after the azaleas in the park.
Some people are killing time relaxing on park benches.
Look at the flowers in the park.
The notice in the park said, "Keep off the grass."
She keeps on making the same mistakes.
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park.
The grass in the park is green and beautiful.
All the cherry trees in the park are in full bloom.
There is a pond in the middle of the park.
Parks are to the city what lungs are to the animal.
I walked toward the park.
Green leaves in a park are pleasing to the eye.
Which direction is the park in?
The park is filled with children.
The park is well wooded.
The park was full of people.
The park was extended to the river.
We would rather go to the zoo than to the park.
It is not easy to find the way to the park.
It is a short drive to the park.
I walked across the park.
Taking a walk in the park, I was spoken to by an old couple.
Let's take a walk in the park.
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?
Walking in the park, I met a friend of mine.
Walking in the park, I found a baby bird.
What should we do to protect the beautiful earth from pollution?
Emergency exits must be kept free of blockages for public safety.
The public transportation system runs like clockwork.
Please refrain from smoking in public places.
Let's keep public places clean.
I work for public welfare.
We should draw the line between public and private affairs.
You should not confuse business with personal affairs.
You must not run in the school buildings.
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.
The public convenience should be respected.
It is not good to ridicule him in public.
He was annoyed at having to show up before the public.
There is a public telephone on that corner.
Where is a public telephone?
To do him justice, he is diligent and kind.
Reexamination of the data is required to make the formula accurate.
Don't swear in public.
The corporation invited bids for the construction project.
The bank rate cut is expected to relieve the severe financial squeeze that has hit industry.
Fair does!
To do him justice, he is able.
To do him justice, we must say that he is a minor musician.
To do him justice, he was kind at heart.
To do him justice, he is an able man.
To do him justice, he is not without some merits.
To do him justice, he is not a bad man.
To do her justice, we must admit her talent as a writer.
To do him justice, he did his best with his limited men and supplies.
To do him justice, he is right in his opinion.
To do him justice, he is a nice guy.
To do him justice, he is a good-natured man.
To do him justice, he is not equal to the job.
To do him justice, he is not so lazy.
In all fairness, he did do his best.
To do him justice, he is a reliable man.
To do him justice, we must admit that his intentions were good.
To do him justice, he's done some good work.
To do him justice, he is a discreet man.
To do him justice, he is not idle.
He realizes that public officials are human, and that as human beings they are capable of misjudgement.
The civil rights movement leads to a dream.
My public duties take a lot of time.
Religious education is prohibited at a public school.
The public school system is coming apart at the seams.
In order to bring about an effective agreement of wills, it is not sufficient to study other languages.
Efficient machinery replaced manual labor.
The thick walls baffle outside noises.
He had the face to tell me to clear off.
He's such a shameless jerk.
Don't speak with your mouth full.
You must not speak with your mouth full.
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full.
My tongue slipped.
Whatever happens, I'll not tell anybody about it.
It is easy to talk.
Keep your purse and your mouth closed.
What we say and what we mean are often quite different.
When the word is out, it belongs to another.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
It is rude to speak with your mouth full.
It is bad manners to speak with your mouth full.
It's not polite to speak with your mouth full.
Do not talk with your mouth full.
Honey in the mouth and poison in the heart.
You must not talk with your mouth full.
Talk will not avail without work.
You're all talk and no action!
The tongue wounds more than a lance.
My mouth was dry.
Out of the mouth comes evil.
It's better not to prattle on about meaningless things. The more you open your mouth the more likely you are to put your foot in it.
The mouth is the executioner and the doctor of the body.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Open your mouth.
I no longer have the energy to talk.
I told you again and again.
Please rinse out your mouth.
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
You keep out of this.
You'd better hold your tongue.
Open your mouth wide.
Shut your mouth.
I expect you can tell from the quoted text, but this is a book written in a colloquial style.
Colloquial speech is used in everyday conversation.
I'd like to open an account.
I want to close my account.
Here's my account number.
Great talkers are little doers.
I have bad breath.
Few words show men wise.
Least said, soonest mended.
You talk too much.
"You talk too much," he said.
We need less talk and more action.
Don't pay lip service to me.
People are likely to be deceived by a smooth talker.
A whistle involves blowing out of your mouth in a certain way.
Please put in this way.
My father beat me answering him back.
I have a ulcer in my mouth.
I have ulcers in my mouth, so it's very painful when I eat.
A mustache grows on the upper lip.
Is it true? Paul kissed Lily on the lips?
Just as the argument got heated he interposed.
Sometimes it is hard to tell how a quarrel comes about.
The quarrel settled, he returned home.
The quarrel ended in their coming to blows.
They argue a lot, but for the most part they get along quite well together.
Will you go across to the baker's and buy some bread?
Please stand face to face.
The wind blew against the sail.
Can you help her out before they get her?
I would like to take a seat over there.
Do you know the girl waving at us over there?
The girl running over there is my sister.
The man reading a book over there is my father.
The tall guy smoking a cigar over there is a famous director.
The girl sitting over there is Nancy.
Look at that koala over there.
That gentleman over there is well spoken of.
Who in the world is the fellow over there?
Are you knowing the girl who is over there?
The boy over there is his brother.
I wonder who the man over there may be.
Don't fail to call me as soon as you arrive there.
The house whose roof you see over there is my father's.
The house whose roof you can see over there is ours.
Can you see anything over there?
Do you see any policeman over there?
That tower you see over there is the Eiffel Tower.
The man you see over there is a famous writer.
The man whom you see over there is my uncle.
The man you see over there is my uncle.
The lady whom you see over there is a famous violinist.
The woman sitting over there is his present wife.
We saw a small island beyond.
We can see a big mountain over there.
Can you see Mt. Daisetsu over there?
I want you to write to me as soon as you get there.
Drop me a line when you get there.
Let me know it as soon as you get there.
The mountain whose top you can see over there is Mt. Fuji.
You can see a white tower over there.
The girl standing over there is my sister Sue.
Who is the girl standing over there?
The man who is standing over there is my father.
Ask at the police box over there.
You will play into their hands.
Look at the large building over there.
Let's swim over there.
Drop me a line as soon as you get there.
Get away!
Look at the boy and the dog that are running over there.
The man running over there is my uncle.
The man walking over there is our teacher.
In daredevil car races, there are moments when the drivers place themselves between the devil and the deep blue sea, trying to take the lead.
He had his license taken away because of reckless driving.
Reckless driving will lead to an accident.
Aren't you thirsty?
I am thirsty. Please give me something cold to drink.
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.
My throat hurts, and I have a fever. Can I have some cold medicine?
I have a sore throat and runny nose.
You must take this medicine, whether you like it or not.
Whether you like it or not, you must do it at once.
Whether you like it or not, you'll have to do it.
Whether you like it or not, you must stick to your work.
Whether you like it or not, you have to do your homework.
The pleasure is mine.
You can do whatever you like.
Time passes quickly when we are doing something we like.
Do what you like.
You can stay as long as you like.
Cut and come again.
You can eat and drink as much as you want.
You may stay at my house as long as you like.
Take as many peaches as you like.
You may talk as much as you like.
You may come whenever you like.
You can call me any time.
Put it where you like.
You can go anyplace you like.
Choose any dress you like.
Buy any dress you like.
Which brand do you prefer?
Point your finger at your choice.
You may choose what you like.
You may come and go at will.
You may play at your pleasure.
You may dance as you please.
You can travel how you please.
Who is your favorite singer?
Choose any flowers you like.
Eat whatever food you like.
Give it to whomever you like.
You may bring whomever you like.
Who is your favorite player?
Who's your favorite actor?
Read whatever you like.
Suit yourself.
You shouldn't be so picky about food.
It is impossible to account for tastes.
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.
You must learn English whether you like it or not.
You must do your duty, whether you like it or not.
You have to do it, whether you like it or not.
Thanks, though. I appreciate it.
Fortune beamed on him.
Good luck alternates with misfortune.
I opened the box out of curiosity.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Opportunity seldom knocks twice.
Strike while the iron is hot.
This is a golden opportunity we'd be stupid to pass up. Let's get to work and finish it all in one fell swoop.
Good times alternate with bad.
Happy events tend to be accompanied by problems.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
The good weather sent the price of vegetables down.
Thanks to the nice weather, we were able to harvest all of the crops in a day.
Fine weather added to the joy of our trip.
We've had a long spell of fine weather.
The sayings of Confucius are famous.
When one would be filial, one's parents are gone.
More students are interested in finance than in industry.
Industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in Japan.
The construction work is steadily nearing completion.
The smoke from factories hung over the town.
The factory did not want him.
The plants manufacture complex chemical compounds.
Many men were hired at the factory.
The news of the fire in the factory caused a sensation.
The plant supervisor said to his crew, "Let's knock off for lunch."
Factory waste sometimes pollutes our rivers.
They decided to shut down the factory.
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.
These factories are a blot on the landscape.
The factory is running at full capacity.
A factory is not suitable for a residential district.
The factory was shut down ten years ago.
The factory is keyed to produce men's wear.
The factory had to cut back its production.
Factories have been urged to switch from coal to a cleaner fuel.
The factory has been transferred to Hokkaido.
That will be better than the factory.
Factory waste has polluted the sea.
The families of the factory workers need schools, hospitals, and stores, so more people come to live in the area to provide these services, and thus a city grows.
Many factory workers consider themselves just an average Joe.
Skillful diplomacy helps to avert war.
Skillful management made a success of the business.
Fair words butter no parsnips.
Luckily, Dick's father was not killed in the war.
Fortunately, my son quickly adjusted to life in his new school.
Fortunately, I was on time.
Luckily, I got hold of a branch and was saved from falling.
Happily, the workaholic did not die.
He escaped injury, happily.
Happily the crops were not harmed by the typhoon.
Fortunately none of the passengers were injured.
Luckily nobody got wet.
Fortunately, the weather was good.
Happily he did not die.
Fortunately, they escaped the danger.
Fortunately he is in a good position and has broad shoulders.
She was not seriously injured.
I am happy to notify you that I have fully recovered.
Fortunately I was able to finish my work without any serious errors.
Fortunately, no one was hurt.
She said that she was happy.
Best wishes for a happy and prosperous New Year.
Aren't you the lucky one?
Happy is the man who is contented.
Nothing in the world gives people so much real pleasure as having a happy family.
Happily, she was not involved in the troubles.
Happiness depends not so much on circumstances as on one's way of looking at one's lot.
Happiness does not consist only in having many things.
Happiness consists of contentment.
Fortunately, I made it to the class.
Fortune smiled on him.
Fortunately they had no storms on the way.
Luckily, I was able to get the tickets yesterday.
Luckily, the weather turned out fine.
He was so fortunate as to escape death.
Luckily, I won first prize.
I am fortunate enough to have access to an excellent library.
Fortunately he didn't die in the accident.
Luckily, he won the game.
Fortunately, he was free of debt.
Luckily, he won the championship.
Luckily she did not die.
Lady Luck favors the adventuresome.
Luck comes to those who look for it.
What with good fortune, and his own effort, he won the first prize in the contest.
I wish you the best of luck.
Hanako walked through the hallway making a clicking sound.
Few people can speak English better than Sachiko.
Isn't Yukimasa so cute?
Whether happiness is the supreme value or not, it is earnestly desired by man.
Being happy always reminded her of her loss.
Riches amount to little without happiness.
Happiness is sometimes identified with money.
Happiness does not consist of how much you possess.
Happiness lies in contentment.
It was wrong to try to judge happiness in terms of worldly success.
Happy is the man who knows his limits.
Some are happy; others unhappy.
Health is indispensable to a happy life.
If you wish to be happy, learn to be content with your condition in life.
The idea of happiness is extremely abstract.
I'm on top of the world.
Happiness depends, not so much on circumstances, as on one's way of looking at one's life.
It goes without saying that you can't buy happiness.
Happiness consists of good health.
Happiness does not consist simply in wealth.
You have to snatch at happiness when you can.
You cannot buy happiness.
Everybody knows that happiness is in contentment.
Happiness consists of working toward one's goals.
It is only normal to want to be happy.
Everybody has the right to seek happiness.
You can't judge happiness in terms of money.
Who is there but hopes for happiness?
God, this place is huge!
Man is also an animal in a broad sense.
There was heavy snow over a large area.
As he entered the hall, two men approached him.
When it comes to advertising, Coke is ahead of the game.
Don't get taken in by their advertising; I don't see how they can sell something like that for that price.
I was lured to the store by the advertisement.
The purpose of advertising is to familiarize consumers with the name of a product.
The ad agency has a lot riding on this account.
Advertising makes up about 7% of this company's expenses.
Hiroko sat there all alone.
Hiroko has charming features.
How about we play baseball in the open space?
Look at that pole in the square.
There were several hundred people in the plaza.
The square was illuminated by bright lights.
The square buzzed with excitement.
We would appreciate your contacting Mr Hirose.
Mr Hirose teaches the students English grammar.
Doctor Hirose is engaged in AIDS research.
A vast desert lay before us.
A vast forest covers the mountains.
On the open ice a bear may lie on its stomach.
I am from Hiroshima, but now I live in Tokyo.
I never went to Hiroshima on my trip.
Hiromi goes to school five days a week.
A bad carpenter quarrels with his tools.
From hand to mouth will never make a worthy man.
Let's not make any hasty decisions. Let's sleep on it.
You don't have to dress in a mad rush; we've got time.
Take your time. I know you need a couple of days to reflect on it.
Before I could protest, I was handcuffed and was on my way to prison.
The protesters barricaded the entrance.
We protested, but it was in vain.
If it had not been for antibiotics, medicine would not have made such remarkable progress.
Keep taking this antibiotic until it is gone.
Antibodies give a new lease of life.
He is not a cheerful guy, to say the least.
It was a good dinner, to say the least.
He is not a good student, to say the least.
To say the least, he seems to be a bad person.
It is not good, to say the least.
He was rather careless to say the least.
He has too many interests, to put it mildly.
Attack is the best form of defense.
To make matters worse, it began to rain heavily.
I have menopausal troubles.
The news that the school had been burned down soon spread though the town.
The schoolhouse was burnt to ashes.
The school rules require students to wear school uniforms.
You should observe the school rules.
The principal came in after the teacher.
Mr Bush, principal of our school, graduated from Yale.
The principal assured me of her honesty.
The principal presented each of the graduates with diploma.
The principal shook hands with each of the graduating pupils.
The principal called him to account for being absent without an excuse.
The meeting was held at the principal's office.
Where did you come across the principal?
Our principal wanted to admit Bob to our school.
The headmaster will present the winners their prize.
Our principal made a long speech.
There are some students in the schoolyard.
The schoolyard was very small.
The gates of the school open at eight.
I met her on campus yesterday.
A samurai in the Edo era carried two swords.
Floods, violent wind storms, droughts, killing frosts, and the problems of air pollution have all, on occasion, influenced modern society.
The flood did great damage to the crops.
The flood began to subside.
The flood overwhelmed the village.
The flood waters tumbled my house into the river.
The flood did the village extensive damage.
The flood caused a lot of damage.
Three persons are missing with the flood.
Hundreds of fields were submerged in the flood.
The house was undermined by the flood.
The bridge gave way because of the flood.
Streets and houses were drowned by the flood.
The flood diverted the course of the river.
The flood deposited a layer of mud.
The threatening floods made it necessary to evacuate the town.
The course of the river has been diverted by the flood.
The flood prevented me from crossing the river.
The flood parted them.
The rice crop was poor, owing to the floods.
The town was desolate after the flood.
The damage from the flood was negligible.
Previously, floods were fate for the region.
Hiroki was at a loss what to do.
How long does it take to get to your office from the port?
There are many ships in the harbor.
The harbor was crowded with vessels of every description.
Could you tell me the way to the port?
They set up a tombstone over the grave overlooking the harbor.
After we finish digging the trench, planting the flowers will be easy.
One man's gain is another man's loss.
One man's medicine is another man's poison.
Work like a bee.
Because of disaffection with her good-for-nothing husband.
The crown prince is the one who is to succeed to the throne.
The prince learned English from the American lady.
The prince and princess made their way through the cheering crowd.
Emperor Nero was an extremely evil tyrant.
A coin rolled under the desk.
A coin dropped out of his pocket.
Because there's a red-throated loon on the coin.
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.
Two teas and a coffee, please.
I was offered the choice of tea or coffee.
Care for tea or coffee?
I want another cup of tea.
Some like tea, others prefer coffee.
Which do you want, tea or coffee?
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
Put a dash of brandy in my tea.
Please add lemon flavor to the tea.
Put two lumps in my tea, please.
Add sugar to the tea.
Would you care for some tea?
Would you like your tea now or later?
Would you like some tea or some coffee?
May I have a cup of tea?
Have a cup of tea, won't you?
A cup of tea, please.
Could you get me some tea?
Would you care for a cup of tea?
How about a cup of tea?
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
A red and white flag was flying in the wind.
The rope broke under the strain.
As soon as I let go of the leash, the dog ran away.
I see your mind's made up.
I've changed my mind.
Let me think it over, and I'll let you know later.
I want to think about it.
You think too much.
There is less time than I thought.
Tell me what you have in mind.
I'll remember that.
I'll have to let you know.
You should think before you speak.
Think about it.
Come to think of it, I promised to see him at five.
Come to think of it, it has been raining for a week.
Come to think of it, he is wrong.
I'll think about it and get back to you.
I'll have to think about it.
Thoughts and feelings are expressed by means of words.
Second thoughts are best.
Of all the possible reasons, he chose the least expected one.
It's the only thing I can think of.
I have tried every means imaginable.
Every imaginable means.
The less men think, the more they talk.
It is a common saying that thought is free.
The very thought is abhorrent to me.
If any think that are wise.
The more she thought about it, the less she liked it.
It is hard to embody one's idea in an action.
I think you worry too much.
Lost in thought, I missed my stop.
I changed my mind and decided not to go on a trip after all.
I'll think it over.
You must be flexible in your thinking.
Archaeologists are those who hunt for clues about the lifestyles of ancient peoples.
Another thing to consider is the quality of the materials, knots, and dyes in the carpet.
Air traffic controller is an extremely high pressure job.
Air traffic controllers are under severe mental strain.
Thanks to the development of aircraft, the world has become much smaller.
Where can I pick up my ticket?
Can I pick my ticket up at the airport?
What's the airmail rate?
Airmail, please.
I am sending you a birthday present by air mail.
I should be very grateful if you would send them by air.
If I send it by air mail, how much will it cost?
The cost of the air fare is higher than of the rail fare.
I heard you're raking in the money.
Every one of us who ridiculed his business plan as a bunch of hokum should be embarrassed we did.
Cultivate the wilderness.
Handsome is as handsome done.
I'm telling you, I'm not going.
I'm not going, and that's that.
Won't you go?
Give your argument against going.
It was wise of you not to go.
I've got to go.
Ought I to go?
I will go if I must.
It just turned out that I had to do it.
I'd like to go, only I've got a cold.
Much as I'd like to come, I'm afraid I'll be too busy.
I'd like to go.
Go when you want.
You can go wherever you want to go.
Congratulations on being accepted to the school you've always wanted to go to.
Don't go if you don't want to.
Those who do not wish to go need not go.
You have to go there whether you like it or not.
You've got to go even if you don't want to.
You need not go there if you don't want to go.
You do not have to go to the dance unless you want to.
You may go if you wish, it's up to you.
You may go with him if you choose.
Keep on going. You'll see a bank on your left.
Let's go!
Shall we go?
Do you have an address?
Don't leave everything to chance.
Try not to make random statements.
It's your decision whether you go or stay.
Maybe I'll go, and maybe I won't.
Whether we go or not depends on the weather.
Let's let him go or stay as he decides.
Are you going or staying?
I don't know whether to go away or to stay where I am.
The question whether we should go or stay comes next.
I cannot decide whether to go or not.
It's up to you to decide whether or not to go.
It is up to you to decide whether or not.
I ought to go there, but I won't.
It's in your interest to go.
I decided not to go.
We have no choice but to go.
Are you ready to go?
You are free to go or to stay.
I've never been there, but I think it's past that traffic light.
Do as I told you.
I begged her not to go.
You had better go and thank her in person.
Get along with you!
You aren't to go, Bill.
I found the hotel crowded with foreign tourists.
You are allowed to go.
You can go now, sir.
Go and help wash the dishes.
You had better go and speak to him in person.
Go and see him in person.
Leave a space between the lines.
Leave more space between the lines.
The clerk admitted his mistake to me.
Resort areas abound in tourists.
You can read between the lines.
It is not always easy to read between the lines.
You should read between the lines.
Let's try to read between the lines.
His bad behavior is a reflection on his common sense.
Manners make the man.
There was a parade to mark the occasion.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
There's a very rigid hierarchy in the Civil Service.
The widespread application of administrative guidance is considered to be a uniquely Japanese practice in which bureaucrats exert authority, without any legal backing, telling the private sector what to do and what not to do.
Be more careful in your actions.
Before taking the measures you must take account of the difficult circumstances.
The time is ripe for action.
Actions speak louder than words.
What you do is more important than what you say.
The fishing boat that had been missing returned to its port safely.
The lost child was identified by his clothes.
The story of the lost prince was a fiction.
Is there any trace of the missing child?
We tried our best to find the missing persons.
The parade passed our school.
So boring was the lecture that he fell asleep.
A lot of people came to the lecture.
The lecture lasted for two hours.
The lengthy lecture palled on me.
The address was in favor of their social movement.
Professor Naruhodo's lecture was re-broadcast.
On the speaker's saying so, the audience burst out into laughter.
The speaker's argument was off the point.
The lecturer spoke generally about American literature and specifically about Faulkner.
The speaker cleared his throat.
The speaker treated the subject very briefly.
The lecturer couldn't get his message across to the audience.
The speaker sometimes referred to his notes.
The speaker occasionally referred to his notes.
The lecturer dwelt on some memories of his college days.
The speaker didn't know his subject, nor did he speak well; in short, he was disappointing.
The speaker referred to his notes every few minutes.
The speaker hinted at corruption in the political world.
The speaker laid stress on the need for thrift.
The speaker did not refer to his notes during his talk.
She was very bored during the lecture.
Halfway through the lecture, she began to feel sick.
The lecture started on schedule.
The lecture was above me.
After he had given a lecture, he had an interview with some students.
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.
When the lecturer turned round, he sneaked out of the classroom.
Because the lecturer speaks quickly few people could follow him.
The lecturer would end up his speech with a joke.
The speaker paused and then went on talking again.
The lecturer spoke on pollution problems.
The speaker wandered away from the subject.
I always take my fan with me to sumo tournaments as it gets so hot in the auditorium.
The auditorium is filled to capacity with anxious applicants.
I want to know if you will refund the full purchase price.
She will be an asset to the Purchasing Department.
I think you should probably see someone from Purchasing.
Students from the suburbs come to school by bus.
People often live comfortably in the suburbs.
Streets are often twisted and narrow in the suburbs.
I buy my silver from a man who has a mine on his property.
The miners went on strike for a wage increase.
Despite a shortage of steel, industrial output has increased by five percent.
The game will be played rain or shine.
Rain or shine, I will start tomorrow.
Rain or shine, I'll go.
Whether it rains or shines, I will start tomorrow.
I will go, rain or shine.
I give up.
I would sooner die than give up.
Don't throw in the towel.
The alternative to surrender is death.
I would rather die than yield.
I would rather die than surrender.
The alternative to surrender is fighting.
The surrender terms were harsh.
Also, could you please contact me if you would like to present your opinion on any of the topics listed?
How's everyone at the Hong Kong office?
Hong Kong is the least regulated economy in Asia.
Hong Kong is referred to as the Pearl of Asia.
I've been to Hong Kong once.
I'm sure it costs a pretty penny. I'll pass.
High tariffs have become a barrier to international trade.
A tall building stands there.
There on the top of a high mountain they built a small town of their own and lived in peace.
The air is thin at the top of a high mountain.
Who is responsible for high unemployment?
Tall pine trees make a ring around the lake.
Expensive meals can't compensate for lack of sleep.
High tax and poor sales bankrupted the company.
A high savings rate is cited as one factor for Japan's strong economic growth because it means the availability of abundant investment capital.
A building with high ceilings and huge rooms may be less practical than the colorless block of offices that takes its place, but it often fits in well with its surroundings.
You bought these articles at too high a price.
A tall tree hid his house from our view.
There's a black hat caught in the high tree top.
I have to pay high rates to the boarding.
I can't afford to buy it.
The atmosphere becomes thinner as you climb higher.
As we go up higher, the air becomes cooler.
The higher we go up, thinner the air becomes.
The higher we go up, the cooler the air becomes.
As we go up higher, the air becomes thinner.
As you go up higher, the air becomes thinner.
As you climb higher, the air becomes colder.
The higher we climb, the colder it becomes.
The higher we climbed, the steeper became the mountain.
The higher we climb, the colder it gets.
The higher you climb, the colder it becomes.
I can't afford to buy that.
I always buy expensive items on credit.
Some are expensive, and others are very cheap.
An expensive watch is not necessarily a good one.
The reduced price of luxury goods is just window dressing to make the new consumption tax look better.
Can I unload the high speed film?
High tariffs are the chief obstacles to free trade.
An expensive car is a status symbol.
The high salary disposed him to accept the position.
His high salary enabled him to live in comfort.
Mr. Takahashi agreed to go with you.
Do you know Mr Takahashi?
Mr Takahashi gave us some homework.
We borrowed money at high interest.
I have high blood pressure.
It's pleasant to take a walk on the plateau.
I am on our high school soccer team.
It will be great to go to senior high.
I used to run at high school.
On leaving high school, I went to Tokyo.
I am very glad to be out of high school.
Since he graduated from high school, he hasn't been doing anything.
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school.
I used to play tennis in high school.
High school days are when you can try anything.
I miss the high school days we spent together.
I used to stay up late when I was a high school student.
Many high school students hang around at book stores reading comics.
After high school, he went to college and studied to be a minister, like his father.
High school baseball teams competed with one another at the tournament.
The air is rare on high mountains.
What train is Mr Takase coming on?
You had a phone call from Mr Takakura.
Mr Ken Takakura just isn't used to his new job.
The high building deprived their house of sunlight.
The highway is snarled up.
There was a multiple collision on the highway.
The expressway was congested with thousands of cars.
You can't be too careful driving on the expressway.
The climate of Kochi is warmer than that of Kyoto.
He is much better than me at the high jump.
Nobuhiko Takada lost to Hikson Grasy.
Ms. Takada accused the boy of copying another student's homework.
English and mathematics are made much of in senior high schools.
High fever is a prominent symptom of this disease.
So you are acting high-handedly.
You may go farther and fare worse.
Do you play golf, Takaki?
His advanced age prevents him from getting a job.
Tom Skeleton, the ancient stage doorkeeper, sat in his battered armchair, listening as the actors came up the stone stairs from their dressing rooms.
Research in Motion announced the layoff of 2000 employees and a restructuring of the company.
The elderly should be well provided for.
Try this hat on and see if it fits you.
You'll have to modify the height of the table to make it fit.
600 problems will be tough going.
You should study hard, if you are to pass the exam.
How wonderful that you passed the examination.
It was fortunate that he passed it.
Will you put a dot before the names of the successful students?
The successful candidates were beside themselves with joy.
The majority of the successful candidates were university graduates.
What is the total amount?
The total is one hundred.
The total is approximately ten thousand dollars.
Why don't you go over your sums?
Please bring the master key.
The password is "Mountain". If someone says "Mountain", you reply "River".
Give the password.
In the United States there is a census every ten years.
In the nineteenth century, many Africans were sold as slaves in the United States.
In the U.S., as many as 216 million firearms are said to be in private hands.
You'd better remember that tipping is necessary in the USA.
Butter is sold by the pound in the USA.
The United States has many kinds of climates.
There are few legal constraints on the sale of firearms in the U.S.
I hear you went to the United States.
The national flag of the USA is called the Stars and Stripes.
Citizens of the United States generally feel a responsibility for the democratic society supported by them.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
The United States is composed of 50 states.
The United States comprises 50 states.
The United States seems to have got caught up in the troubles between the two nations in Asia.
The United States was once part of the British Empire.
The United States annexed Texas in 1845.
The United States is a republic, the United Kingdom is not.
The United States has long been known as a "melting pot" because most of its people are descended from immigrants.
The United States is in the Northern Hemisphere.
The U.S. government is to impose two of the sanctions against those countries.
The President of the U.S. is chosen in a national election.
Stay inside until I give the word.
Everybody made for the door at the signal.
I'll raise my hand as a signal.
The whistle blew.
Catch a signal.
The firm has added 25 new associates to work on mergers and other deals.
The merger created the first largest bank in Japan.
The torture made him confess to crimes he had not committed.
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in hospital.
Thanks to the heavy rain, vegetable prices rose sharply.
There were floods as a result of the heavy rain.
The heavy rain was accompanied with thunder.
A luxury liner arrived in the harbor.
Heavy snow delayed the train for several hours.
In addition to a mansion, he owns a Bentley.
If Katsumi is not allowed to have his own way, he easily gets angry.
A nation need not necessarily be powerful to be great.
War breaks out when nations try to form their own empires.
Buildings of national importance are relatively safe.
Countries vary in customs and habits.
The government finances are severely constrained because of falling tax revenues.
The nation's finances are bankrupt because of the war.
So many countries, so many customs.
The national health service was far from adequate.
The law of a country must be followed.
Astro Boy protected the country from danger.
The capture of the prince by the king led to another war.
It's a great honor to have had the King visit our city.
The king and his family live in the royal palace.
The king's eldest son is the heir to the throne.
The king was deprived of his power.
King Henry VIII had a tennis court at Hampton Court, his palace on the River Thames, not very far from London.
The prosperity of a country depends more or less on its citizens.
The worth of a state, in the long run, is the worth of the individuals composing it.
The prosperity of a country depends upon its citizens.
The prosperity of a nation largely rests to its young men.
Once divorced from key questions of national culture and identity, comparative literature loses its way.
National honor is national property of the highest value.
A state is made up of individuals who compose it.
The state faces a financial crisis.
Nations are not to be judged by their size any more than individuals.
The whole nation is waging a war against poverty.
International disputes must be settled peacefully.
The government finances are severely squeezed.
I congratulate you on your passing the state examination.
Nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism.
In the Diet, often a politician or two leave without permission when a question becomes too personal.
Parliament members had a raucous argument over the Wiretapping Law.
The Diet will adjourn for three months.
The Diet was totally deadlocked over the bill.
The Diet has been dissolved.
It's likely the Diet will be dissolved.
The Diet is now in session.
The Diet will soon be dissolved.
The Diet is now in recess in session.
The Diet session convened at 2pm.
Parliament is now in session.
The Diet broke up in confusion.
The Diet is likely to amend this unpopular law.
The Diet is the chief organ of government in Japan.
The Diet rose for summer recess.
The Diet is not fully functioning as such.
The Diet will go into recess next week.
The Diet will open next Monday.
Legislators in the Diet are struggling to find a solution to the problem.
Did you listen to the Parliamentary debate?
Pledge allegiance to the national flag.
I was asked for my passport at the border.
A small border dispute ballooned into a major international incident.
The government coffers are replete with funds.
Our Japanese teacher is very nice to us.
Paying the national debt could mean reducing the average income.
The balance of payments crisis emerged, forcing the government to put a brake on the economy.
Given a high level of bond issues, the cost to service them will increase.
Amnesty International often organizes public protests in support of political prisoners.
One must practice every day in order to become a world-class athlete.
International observers counted up the ballot.
You are interested in a career in foreign relations.
I plan to pursue a career in international finance.
The international situation had become so tense, it would require proficient diplomats to handle it with kid gloves.
The international situation is becoming grave.
Although we may want to be international, we all have our limits.
The IMF ruled out any new loans to that country.
Some countries have stopped whaling in the face of international criticism.
Give me overseas service, please.
I'd like to make an overseas call.
We should not resort to arms to settle international disputes.
International traders are struggling just to get by.
An international trade ban could be the last straw for that country's economy.
International problems must be solved by diplomacy, not war.
International postal rates differ according to destination.
The League of Nations did not make for peace.
The result of the census led the left wing to believe that their policy was wrong.
Everyone is eligible regardless of nationality.
We accept anybody, irrespective of nationality.
Don't discriminate against people based on nationality, gender, or occupation.
The whole country was excited by the news.
Nearly 80 percent of the land is mountains.
The country seethed over the issue of national defense.
Competition in the domestic market is cutthroat.
The shrinking of the domestic market has been blamed on inflation.
Do you have a cheap flight ticket on a domestic line?
A considerable amount of money was appropriated for the national defense.
Pentagon officials won't say when the problem turned up and refused to discuss details about the flight.
You only have to make a few foreign friends to understand how harmful national stereotypes are.
The country respects the Prime Minister.
National welfare is the end of politics.
The anger of the people exploded, leading to a series of riots.
The well being of the nation is the government's responsibility.
The people acclaimed him King.
The people enjoyed a taste of freedom.
The people groaned under the burden of heavy taxation.
The people set up a new government.
The people did not reach consensus on taxation.
The people deprived him of his rights.
The country at large is hoping for great changes.
The whole nation was sad to hear that their king died.
In proportion as our GNP increases, our living standards go up.
Gross National Product is not the same as Net National Product.
The GNP has been growing at a snail's pace.
Gross national product is a nation's total output of goods and services as measured in monetary value.
Gross national product is a nation's total output of goods and services during a given period of time as measured in monetary value.
The People's party, to put it briefly, needed to leave the government before the government fell.
The Secretary of State administers foreign affairs.
Some national parks offer showers and even baby-sitting services.
The United Nations Building was built in 1952.
The U.N. monitored the country's elections.
The United Nations will deal with that international problem.
The United Nations is an international organization.
The U. N. moved to impose sanctions.
The United Nations makes efforts to keep the earth in a state of peace.
The UN endeavored to supply refugees with food.
The United Nations Charter was signed in 1945.
The United Nations General Assembly adopted the cease-fire resolution.
It will damage the crops.
The crops were damaged by the flood.
Do you have the stuff you need to make the rug?
I was flat on my back for a week with a terrible cold.
Mistreated illegal foreign workers often fall between the cracks of the social system.
A black coat is in fashion this winter.
He was wearing black trousers and a beautiful white shirt.
Black clouds are gathering. It's going to rain.
The dark clouds announced the coming of a typhoon.
Black cloth absorbs light.
It was an old man that was hit by the black car.
I saw a woman in black.
Two blacks do not make a white.
Black becomes you.
Black clouds spread over the sky.
Dark clouds were brooding over the city.
Dark clouds are hanging low.
Black clouds announced the coming thunderstorm.
There is still serious racial hatred against black people.
Black people had to sit in the back of the bus, or stand if the back was full.
Black people were compelled to work in cotton fields.
A black and white dog bit me.
Blackboards are not always black.
Written on the blackboard was my name.
What did he draw on the blackboard?
Look at the blackboard.
Who's pulling the strings behind the scenes?
My back is killing me.
I can't straighten out my back.
I sat down and opened my notebook.
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone rang.
Please take this seat.
I only figured on staying with this company a little while when I started, but before I knew it I'd become an old timer here.
I have a bad pain in my lower back.
Love sees no faults.
After the bone has set, the cast will be removed.
I don't like to eat fish with many bones.
It'll take the bone a month or so to set completely.
The bone caught in my throat.
A bone stuck in my throat.
It was a cat starved to skin and bones.
I was chilled to the bone.
I'm worn out by the hard work.
With his muscular constitution he passes for a judoist.
All my effort went for nothing.
Great pains but all in vain.
Antique carpets are especially valuable.
I have a good eye for the value of antiques.
In a crowded bus the young should offer their seats to the old.
I could not keep the tears from my eyes.
Let it all out.
We have to take advantage of this situation.
Get me out of here.
Now we have the "Gold-going Week" holiday for seven days.
It's quarter to eight now.
Are you free now?
It is cloudy now.
Tiny pets are in fashion now.
I wish I were in Paris now.
I can't tell you the whole story now, but in brief, my parents aren't coming here this summer.
Must I do it now?
Should I put out my cigarette now?
I'm a bit short of money now.
I'm very hungry now.
Now, Tom depends on his parents very much.
The French style of dress is in vogue just now.
Shall we watch the movie now?
We're torn between going to a hot spring and going skiing.
This is the bottom of what inning?
Right now your actions do not match your words.
I've just arrived at the airport.
Now I'll add the finishing touch.
It is now in the best condition.
I feel like taking a walk now.
I owe it to you that I am still alive.
What I want him to do now is to paint the fence.
Now, I'm going mad to play the flute.
I have little money now.
Now I seldom go to the movies.
I have nothing to do now.
I have a little money now.
Now I am too old to walk.
I'm busy now.
I'm tied up now.
I'm very low on change right now.
What is the most popular play now?
May I move to the other side now?
Should I pick up my ticket now?
It is snowing now.
I'll send someone up to help you now.
What will happen if there's power failure now?
Try now, or you will be sorry for it later.
He said we just crossed the International Date Line.
What if he comes back now?
I am in communication with her now.
Nothing but a miracle can save her now.
I'm too busy to talk to you now.
You must start for Nagoya now.
I'm on a paid vacation.
A woman is going into it now.
It is seven now.
It will be all better if you can come now.
I need a little time to talk to you now.
I am a bit hard up now and I can't afford such an expensive meal.
I don't have much money now.
My business is slow right now.
Stay where you are.
You may as well stay where you are.
There's a lot of flu going around now.
Are you hungry now?
May I talk to you now?
Twenty-five years from now there will be one retired person for each two working.
What will become of the world thirty years hence?
I made up my mind to quit smoking from now on.
Would it be possible to change my reservation now?
What do you say to going for a drive now?
I'm going to go home.
She will care for you from now on.
We are facing a crucial time.
Now is the time to carry out our plan.
Now is the time for action.
This is good occasion to contact him.
I am learning to play the guitar now.
Let's get everything fixed here and now.
I have just come here.
Now is the time when I need him most.
Now is the time to clinch the deal.
Now is when you have to make up your mind.
The time is ripe for a drastic reform.
Now is the time when we must work together.
It is high time Japan played an important role in the international community.
Don't go into this drawing room now.
I have just read this book.
A wind from the ocean blows at this time of the year.
The weather is uncertain at this time of year.
He ought to have arrived home by now.
They ought to have arrived there by this time.
The concert is beginning now.
Yelling about it won't help now. You should have done that when it counted.
Our team has topped the league this season.
It's now or never.
It will be to your advantage to study hard now.
The sun is about to sink.
The young man who is talking with John is a student from Canada.
Did you feel the earth shake just now?
I'm coming to you just now.
How about going to a sushi bar right now?
I could go for a nice hot pizza right now.
Do I have to go right now?
I need it yesterday.
I will be there right now.
Let's discuss the matter right now.
You had better do it right now.
Do it but now!
I'd like to check out right now.
I am just dying for a Coke right now.
I don't feel like sleeping just now.
It may rain any minute.
Need I go right now?
I'll come right now.
Wash your hands right now.
If you start at once, you'll arrive by six o'clock.
You'll get the plane all right if you leave at once.
Can I come to your office now?
Let's get started right away.
If you start at once you'll arrive by six o'clock.
You should leave now.
Set off right now.
Leave right now and you will be in time for the bus.
You will be in time for school if you leave at once.
Start this moment.
Greedy cats are out for a fast buck.
Can I bring her in right away?
Could you come over right now?
Go away right now!
I've just come up with a great idea.
Do you have any aspirin on hand?
The picture is on the wall now.
Now the school has a boy from England.
It is premature to put the plan into practice now.
If only I knew the answer now!
You must not do it now.
You do not have to do it now.
You are bound to regret it in future if you are so lazy now.
I'm on a diet.
He is walking now.
I've just heard a disturbing rumor.
I'm tied up right now.
I'm tied up now. Could you make it later?
You mustn't go out now. Why not?
Not now, then when?
Today we can't get anything without money.
Now talking about sex is no blushing affair.
Now we see more and more foreigners.
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.
Most shops near the school are closed on Saturdays now.
It is regrettable that few people should walk today because of the development of traffic facilities.
It is another story now.
I see life differently now.
Many families now have two breadwinners with both husbands and wives working.
Many goods are now transported by air.
In many shops and businesses discounts are now given to senior citizens.
Now we are better able to understand their motive.
Now she is gradually getting well.
The prices are those collectors would expect to pay at auction now.
Do you write to him at all even now?
May I watch TV now?
The girl coming in at the door now is always late.
I feel at peace with myself now.
I'm very happy now.
We're very busy just now.
I'm very sleepy now.
With 20/20 hindsight, he could tell why they lost the game.
There's very little we can do now.
At this distance we cannot hope to know the truth.
The job is up for grabs, now.
Soon no one will have anything to do with you.
You'll get it someday.
It is threatening to rain.
There is every sign of rain.
She thought they were about to fly out through the open window.
It is going to snow.
We may have a very severe earthquake any moment now.
A storm is imminent.
Trade friction might arise between the two nations at any moment.
You'll see.
You will yet regret it.
I couldn't understand the announcement that was just made.
What did the announcement just say?
Never forget that you owe what you are to your parents.
Your present trouble is on my mind all the time.
I love what you are.
Do it when you have time.
Make hay!
Everything is going well at present.
Presently the plan is still in the air.
Our prospects for victory are excellent at the moment.
At present, consensus has yet to be reached.
You have been doing well at school so far.
The engine has given us no trouble as yet.
I don't need money at present.
The only one we have is this one here.
We haven't been able to handle this so far.
This will do for now.
I can not say anything for the moment.
For the time being, I will wait for the result of the survey.
I have nothing to do at the moment.
Everything is fine so far.
I am prepared to put up with it for the time being.
That's enough for now.
As yet, I have not completed the sweater.
I've managed to finish the first three chapters so far.
Right now I want for nothing.
I can't remember for the moment.
At the moment they think that the accident is due to his carelessness.
We've really hit it off.
At the moment, I have no plans to travel.
Can you repeat what you said?
He is a good doctor, as doctors go these days.
Only hope can keep me together now.
Our current house is too small, so we decided to move.
If students today had more free time, they might show more interest in politics.
Can't you get by on your salary?
If these tendencies continue, those aged 65 or more will account for a quarter of the population within 30 years.
The current slump of the economy will not turn into a serious depression.
The current king is present at the party.
The work I'm doing now requires originality.
I wanna quit my job.
Kids these days think that any issue in life can be resolved as easily as restarting a computer game.
The child of today is the man of the future in the making.
My parents have made me what I am today.
The money I have now falls short of what I need.
I am not the man I was when you knew me first.
I am not the person I used to be.
I am not content with what I am.
What is most necessary for young men today is to develop the habit of thinking for themselves.
I'm satisfied with my current income.
The present housing policy is likely to come up against considerable opposition.
We may as well stay where we are.
In getting her present job, she made capital of her father's connections.
Did you see that couple in matching outfits just now? How tasteless!
We aren't instilling enough of a volunteer spirit in our young people these days.
He is not what he was ten years ago.
He is quite different from what he was ten years ago.
She is not what she used to be ten years ago.
In the current slump, economic growth has fallen to zero percent.
Why, I've let him win just to please him!
I have to do my homework.
He's out of town on business.
This is an age when honesty does not pay.
All I can think about is next month's vacation. I haven't been on one in so long.
Now ten dollars buys less than five dollars did three years ago.
It's three o'clock now; I'll come again in an hour.
I don't have much time now.
I don't feel much like talking right now.
Oysters are in season now.
There is much more water in this lake now than in the past.
I have nothing particular to do now.
I take care of the potatoes now.
He'll become a good husband.
We don't have time to finish checking the figures now, but we can go over them after lunch.
I'm not in the least bit happy now.
We're a bit busy at the moment. Can you hang on a minute?
It's very cold now.
I'm not sure right now.
You should go back to bed now.
Well, at this point, it's standing room only.
It's the hottest season of the year now.
I really need a drink now.
There are a few drops of rain now.
Now the mountain is hidden by the clouds.
It's a bearish market now.
I don't have anything to do now.
I don't feel like eating anything now.
What's on the air now?
"What time is it now?" "It's 3:30."
At present, going abroad is no longer the adventure it used to be.
Don't go out now. We're about to have lunch.
I'm off duty now.
I am on duty now.
I'm short of cash at the moment.
I don't want to take a walk now.
I don't feel like taking a walk now.
I don't want to resign my job at present.
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.
The mayor is not available now.
Now is the time when we need him most.
Matters are different now.
It is not too much to say that this is the age of cars.
It is mid-autumn now.
I don't feel like doing my math homework now.
Business is brisk now and we are up to the elbows in orders.
Mushrooms are in season now, so they are cheap.
We should not be rash now; we should wait for a good chance.
I don't feel like eating now.
There are a lot of new buildings here now.
It's a do-or-die situation.
I have a lot of bad teeth.
Job security is a priority over wages.
Sales are down now.
Now they like cars of small or middle size.
Isn't this the wrong time to visit him?
I am unwilling to study now.
He said that he was busy then, but that he would be free the next day.
Are you busy now?
We are good friends now, but we didn't like each other at first.
It is ten degrees below zero now.
The football game is now in action.
How many books do you think you have read so far?
I have been reading this book.
I was never so humiliated in my life.
What have you been doing upstairs all this time?
Where have you been all this time?
No one has succeeded in solving the mystery.
I never have had occasion to use it.
No one has ever been able to enter the room.
Up to now, only five guests have arrived.
Where have you been up to now?
Where've you been keeping yourself?
Have you ever seen a wolf?
No one has ever been able to solve this problem.
Have you ever seen a lion?
Never have I heard such beautiful music.
Never have I seen such a beautiful scene.
How many proverbs have we learned so far?
Have you ever been to the Tokyo Dome?
Nobody has ever loved him.
I've never seen a real cow.
As yet, everything has been going well.
As yet, I have not completed the work.
Up to the present we have enjoyed our trip very much.
As yet we have not made any plans for the holidays.
That company has been very successful up to now.
So far we have enjoyed our journey very much.
The old place has not obtained the result at all.
It is all right so far.
I've heard nothing from her as yet.
We have no information as yet.
We have not received a letter from him so far.
I've finished half so far.
So far he has done very well at school.
So far everything has been successful.
After reflecting on my life up to now, I decided that I needed to change my goals.
Her life has been full of trials.
I have been lucky until now.
Up to now we've been taking a casual relaxed attitude toward our relationship but I want to start looking at us more critically.
Have you ever listened to Beethoven's "Ninth"?
Have you ever been to Europe?
You should study still harder.
I've never eaten Chinese food before.
Up to now, I have never met him.
It's really hard to turn your back on your way of life.
Have you ever visited Kyoto before?
I have not been able to find a job so far.
How many idioms have we studied so far?
Jiro, who had never cried in front of anyone before, started bawling.
No one has ever been able to do it.
Have you ever seen him?
He looks much better now.
Up to now they have worked very hard.
Up to now I've never been abroad.
A visitor has kept me busy till now.
He'll be a good husband.
If I were rich, I would go abroad.
Have a little patience with what you're doing.
I have only just begun.
There's very little pure blood in any nation now.
Now notebook computers are as common as lunch boxes.
Now musicians include issues such as human rights and environmental pollution.
It was now a race against time.
Now that I have a job, I can be independent of my parents.
The war was now over.
Now the President is nothing but a lame duck.
It is time not only to equalize men's and women's wages, but also to equalize responsibility for housework.
Japan must take over that role now.
Now he has nothing to live for.
He still passes as a college student now.
Nothing but your love can save her now.
It is now necessary to add another rule.
The store is making a mark.
Studying abroad is very common now.
A bad cold is going about now.
It is raining hard now.
It is raining now.
Can you go to the movie now?
We just arrived at the station.
Now I am enjoying my new life style.
If you became blind suddenly, what would you do?
What is popular now?
What are you doing now?
Can you imagine what I am thinking now?
Have you got the time?
What's the time? My watch has gone wrong.
This summer we had an unusual amount of rain.
Look at the girl who is now singing.
I cast aside my chains.
This would be a favor, which I would be pleased to return at any time.
This is the last game.
I'll forgive you just this once.
I will side with you just this once.
This time it seems as if he is telling the truth.
Let me go just once.
I will have been to New York twice this time.
Everybody blows it once in a while. It's better not to obsess on it.
Now that the project has come to an end, I feel like I've finally come to a resting-place.
The rain is radiologically inactive this time.
This experience will be invaluable as a way of improving the way I study English.
The last examination was very difficult.
Making this matter public would have an effect on our sales, so we're going to overlook it this once.
This book is one of the poet's best works.
Our latest results are the fruit of his furious efforts.
The last election was such a hot contest that several ex-ministers lost.
I'm going to keep track of all the expenses on this trip.
I feel I was able to get back to nature on this trip.
Give up on this one. You're wasting your time.
We had expected that you would succeed this time.
You cannot fail this time.
I am not sure of winning the game this time.
I'm afraid I can't make it at that time.
This time Bob is likely to win.
I'll excuse your carelessness this time.
Let me off the hook this time, please.
Will you get me off the hook this time?
I can't make it this time.
I'll let it go this time.
This is a special occasion.
This time my goal is Paris.
Her latest album is a tour de force. It even has a storyline.
Now you're flying over the Alps.
We have two examinations during this term.
I'm taking Spanish this semester.
I have one textbook for each class that I have this term, so it is very heavy.
What are you going to take this semester?
Are you taking politics this semester?
I seem to have run out of steam this term.
Our surplus has swelled by nearly ten percent in this quarter.
Must I come home now?
I feel like crying now.
The educational system is now under review.
What you say now isn't consistent with what you said before.
May I come and see you now?
You must bear in mind what I've just said to you.
The revised timetable will go into effect on the 5th of this month.
I will stay here all this month.
I'm quitting my current job as of the end of the month.
I've already spent all my pocket money for this month.
I forgot to pay my rent this month.
Come to my office at the end of this month.
The number of the people working in this city will be more than one thousand by the end of this month.
Please wait until the end of this month.
Living costs this month are lower than those of last month are.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
My eyes popped out when I looked at my phone bill this month.
Sales have been off this month.
We will have lived here for ten years at the end of this month.
I have a little money this month.
I'm going to Paris next month.
We've had a lot of rain this month.
We are having an international trade fair this month.
We are in the black this month.
There were two murders this month.
It's been hot this month, but today's an exception.
My salary was high this month.
Publication of this month's issue will probably be delayed one week.
I've decided to quit my job at the end of this month.
Come to my house at the end of this month.
You are to finish this work by the end of this month.
There is only a poor market for silk now.
I am just warming up now.
Don't draw a hasty conclusion from what you see now.
I take back what I said.
Please accept my apologies for what I said just now.
From now on, I'll try to help you with the work.
The number of students who specialize in biology will increase from now on.
We look forward to working more closely with you in the future.
I hope that your future activities will expand our relationship with your firm.
I hope that you will continue to favor us with your support.
Please continue your favors towards us.
You must pay attention to every minute detail from now on.
I hope the new plan will work out satisfactorily.
Further investigation will offer many opportunities to obtain more valuable knowledge of the ocean.
The tax reform will not touch the banking industry.
You can count on us for better service in the future.
Therefore, they cannot catalyze deregulation without "external pressure".
I'll try not to be late in the future.
In future, be more careful with your money.
Study harder from now on.
From now on, I'm going to say what's on my mind.
In the future, you have to get here on time.
I hope we will be able to keep in touch.
Have you given up smoking for good and all?
You never can tell what is going to happen.
You must be careful from now on.
Please consider us in the future for all your travel needs.
For you to come out and say that kind of thing now would just be pouring oil on the fire.
It is too late to repent.
Tom will be watching television if you visit him now.
It's warm for this time of year.
You have to watch out for avalanches at this time of the year.
London must be cold now.
Don't come to me now with that. You should have said something when it originally happened.
It is all up with him by this time.
She will be there by now.
If you try your best now, happiness will come to you.
I'll add the finishing touch.
The cherry blossoms are at their best now.
I can't get away from work now.
Shall we begin now?
What we need now is a rest.
In my neighborhood, houses are now being built one after another.
I don't have the letter on me now.
Now I understand that my mother was only trying to be polite in public.
I will lend you what little money I have now.
If you try to defend the seniority-based corporate escalator these days all you'll get is flak from younger employees.
Now is the time I got to speak out.
I wish I were young.
We are shorthanded now.
I'm not available right now.
What are you learning at school?
What have you been doing this week?
What movies are playing this week?
I already have something planned for Friday, so I won't be able to make it to the drinking session.
Today week I'll be in England.
Until the end of the week.
You must do it by the end of this week.
You are supposed to hand in the homework by the end of the week.
Do you have anything on for this weekend?
I've got a lot of things to do this week.
I have been very busy this week.
We have had fine weather this week.
I worked all this week.
I've been on the go all this week.
I have been busy this week.
With so many people absent this week, we weren't able to complete the project.
I've eaten a great deal of food this week.
Where have you been this week?
Are there any good films on this week?
Hamburgers have gone up this week.
This is Fire Prevention Week.
This week the cherry blossoms in the park are in full bloom.
I have done much writing this week.
This week I had three midterms.
I'm very busy this week.
I think I'll brown bag it this week.
I hoped to have finished it by this week.
Mary is sitting up late this week to prepare for her finals.
She promised that she would pay me this week, but she didn't keep her word.
Why don't we go to the mountains this weekend?
Could you lend me some money until this weekend?
Tell me something important you learned this weekend.
We're having a three-day weekend this week.
I can't afford to go to the onsen this weekend. I'm broke.
I have nothing on this weekend.
We'd like you to finish the job by the end of this week by all means.
You are supposed to hand in the report by the end of this week.
We have enough food now.
You should do your homework now.
You may as well leave now.
It is too late to go out now.
It's impossible to go out now.
I'm leaving now.
May I leave now?
Unless you start now, you'll be late.
Start now, and you will get there in time.
It is convenient for us to start now.
If you start now, you will get there in time.
Will we be in time for the plane if we leave now?
Tonight the King of Hell returns.
What is the most popular movie now?
Have you been to Grandma's Table which is very popular now?
What's currently hot?
Many improvements have been made since this century began.
Our century has seen a notable increase of knowledge.
By the end of the century, the earth will have experienced a dramatic increase in temperature.
I'm at Narita Airport right now.
It is his favor to be alive now.
Whoever calls now, tell him I'm not in.
A traffic accident took place this morning.
This morning, I heard the great news of the new arrival in your family.
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
Did you have breakfast this morning?
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning.
I was called in for jury this morning, and I actually have to serve on a case.
He looked much better this morning than yesterday.
She bought a loaf of bread this morning.
The man lent me two books this morning.
I have not had anything to eat since this morning.
It has been raining on and off since this morning.
It has been snowing since this morning.
The power has been cut off since this morning.
I have read three books since this morning.
I brought a jacket because it was quite cool this morning.
This morning Tom said that his sister is still ill in bed.
It was not till this morning that it stopped raining.
The launch, which had been scheduled for this morning, was postponed because of the illness of shuttle Commander John Creighton.
How are you feeling this morning?
From the telecast this morning, I have learned to my shock that a big fire hit your area.
It was ten degrees below zero this morning.
Have you read the leading article in today's paper?
Did you feel the earthquake this morning?
I'm e-mailing to follow up on our phone conversation this morning.
He got up an hour early this morning.
I woke up at five this morning.
I got up at seven this morning.
This morning I got up an hour earlier than usual.
It's pretty hot this morning.
I had tea instead of coffee this morning.
I have a lot of things to do this morning.
You look very happy this morning.
It is very cold this morning.
It was very cold this morning.
I have a good appetite this morning.
The bus is very crowded this morning.
It is terribly hot this morning.
It's fine this morning and I feel like a walk.
You've worked hard this morning, Simon.
This morning I got up at four so as to be in time for the first train.
Although it looked like rain this morning, it has turned out fine.
When did you get up this morning?
The air feels cold this morning; winter is approaching.
Cold this morning, isn't it?
I feel cold this morning.
This morning, I left for school without washing my face.
The temperature has fallen below zero this morning.
I'm feeling good this morning.
How about eating out this morning for a change?
The air feels somewhat cold this morning.
Those mountains over there have turned white this morning.
There was a keen frost this morning.
This morning it was much cooler than yesterday morning.
You should take an umbrella with you this morning.
I feel like going for a walk this morning.
I don't feel like going out this morning.
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.
I had a little fever this morning.
This morning I got up too late to have breakfast.
We had a heavy frost this morning.
I feel good this morning.
It was so cold this morning that I left my coat on.
Warm this morning, isn't it?
I didn't have breakfast this morning.
This morning the train was so crowded that I couldn't find a vacant seat and had to stand the whole way.
Since the road is wet this morning, it must have rained last night.
It is especially cold this morning.
I was in such a hurry this morning that I went out leaving the TV on.
You seem to be depressed this morning. What's the matter?
Windy this morning, isn't it?
I got a lot of mail this morning.
It's cool this morning, isn't it?
The thermometer stood at three degrees below zero this morning.
It was below zero this morning, but I cycled to school.
We had a history quiz this morning.
Did you practice the piano this morning?
I ran into an old friend of mine this morning.
A Mr Brown came this morning.
The words Dr. Hawking was choosing this morning would be printed out and sent to the publisher of his book.
This morning I missed the train I usually take.
Did you see him at the station this morning?
I awoke this morning to find the summit of the mountain covered with snow.
Did you feed the dog this morning?
We were stuck up in heavy traffic this morning.
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.
This morning I went to the airport in order to see my cousin off.
I went to a park this morning.
This morning I got a telegram from home saying that my father had been suddenly taken ill.
The man we saw this morning was Mr Green.
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.
I met him by chance on the train this morning.
We had snow this morning.
Somebody came to see you this morning.
I wish the subway wasn't so crowded every morning.
There was an earthquake this morning.
The ground was covered with frost this morning.
There is a reason to be late this morning.
This morning the weather was so bad that I had to take a taxi.
What happened to her this morning?
I drank a glass of milk this morning.
When I woke up this morning, both of my parents had gone to work.
When I awoke this morning, I felt hungry.
There was a weak earthquake toward dawn this morning.
So it is being repaired at the moment.
Do you know the man whose house we have just passed?
The street is free from snow now.
Can you make sashimi out of this fish I just caught?
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes and hope for a miracle.
Join now and pay nothing for a whole year.
I'll make up for it.
It will be one year before I see you again.
I'm looking forward to meeting with you the next time I visit your town.
I'll have visited Canada twice if I go there again.
The new teacher is more like a friend than a teacher.
I'll bring my sister when I come next time.
I'll try not to make mistakes next time.
I am right for once.
I will not let her escape this time.
You must let me know when you come here next time.
Next time I visit San Francisco, I'd like to stay at that hotel.
I will have joined the ski tour five times when I join it again.
I'll overlook your conduct this time.
For once, Sue came to the meeting on time.
I will give him another chance.
I will overlook your lateness this time.
I really must buy that radio next time I am in New York.
How will you spend the coming three-day holiday?
Prof. K is going to be a major attraction at this event right? I can hardly wait.
What shall we do on your next days off?
The new TV drama is quite interesting.
Will you go on the next bus trip?
The new picture has made a record breaking hit.
The results for the English exam this time were very good.
You will be able to swim well next summer.
I'll attend the next meeting.
Do you like the new school better?
Where are you going on your vacation?
This holiday isn't much fun - we should have gone home.
This agreement was confirmed by three companies.
You must put up with your new post for the present. I'll find you a better place one of these days.
I will have finished this task by next Friday.
To my great relief, her new work of art added to her reputation.
She will have been in hospital for a month next Monday.
The next holiday falls on a Sunday.
My new job is harder than my old one.
Are you pleased with your new job?
There's less to do in this job than the last one.
The new mayor is well spoken of by the citizens.
After the incident I came to have a higher opinion of him.
The new secretary types faster than the old one.
Will you put us up for the weekend?
In our next line of business let's make it our strategy to win by losing.
The new novel added greatly to his reputation.
The new supervisor? He's not very original - pretty much like the rest.
George is very enthusiastic about his new job.
I like the new guy. He's not afraid to take on challenging work.
Next Wednesday will be fine.
Do you have anything next Wednesday?
This tax is applied to all private-sector enterprises.
Have you decided on a name for your new baby?
The sitting government is likely to win in the coming election.
I don't plan to vote at the upcoming election.
How about playing tennis next Saturday?
I'm leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
How about next Saturday?
We suggested to her that we should go on a picnic the following Sunday.
Can I go hiking next Sunday?
Won't you come to my house next Sunday?
We are going to mount a hill near our school this Sunday.
I leave here at ten-thirty next Sunday.
I will teach you how to skate next Sunday.
I will teach you how skate next Sunday.
Please come and see me next Sunday by all means.
Will you take us for a drive next Sunday?
Do you have any previous appointments next Sunday?
Have you chosen what to do next Sunday yet?
I'm getting married next Sunday.
Remember to go fishing with me this coming Sunday.
This Sunday let's take a joy ride and see where we end up.
How about going surfing at Hayama next Sunday if it is fine?
An oratorical contest will be held next Sunday.
What about next Sunday?
I'll set aside next Sunday for a picnic with my family.
The new secretary types about 70 words per minute.
The new secretary doesn't strike me as efficient.
I don't know why it took me so long to get over my cold this time.
This cold has knocked me for a loop.
The colds that are about at the moment are not serious.
We got to know each other rather well on our recent trip.
Our next trip is for pleasure, not for work.
It seems that this time I'm the man behind the eight ball.
It's your turn to drive.
This time you should do it by yourself.
What is the child up to now?
When will you next visit?
I'll try not to disappoint you next time.
She just can't have the nerve to lift it up now!
Which side is winning this time?
I just hope nothing goes wrong this time.
What are you going to play?
What shall I do next?
It is our turn to laugh.
This time, I'll check, double-check and check again.
This time you must go there.
Now it's your serve.
I'll let you off this time, but I don't ever want to catch you stealing again.
Now put your hands in your pockets.
It's my turn to drive next.
I was asked a question in my turn.
I must return his call.
This time it does not fail.
I will go there on foot or by bicycle next time.
We'll get it this time.
This time he dressed down, having realized that the smart suit would be out of place.
This time he has succeeded.
Bring your sister next time.
If you telephone her again, that'll be the last straw!
How about a rain check?
Please drop in to see us next time you come to London.
Next time I see you, please give me your answer.
We've got some new business coming in and I want to discuss it with you. Do you mind getting involved?
Drop in and see us when you're next in Kobe.
Drop in and see us when you're next in Tokyo.
I guess it will be a long time before I can return to Japan.
I don't know when he'll come again.
Next time you see her, give her my best wishes.
Next time you come to see me, I will show you the book.
Come and see us sometime.
Please mail this letter on your next trip to the post office.
When you come next time, bring your brother.
It's not crowded at all today. This is the least crowded time of all.
Today everyone regards education as a right for all.
Today most young people can ski.
We have an examination in English today.
Today we stand at a critical point in history.
Were you on time for work today?
Today, the temperature rose as high as 30 degrees Celsius.
It is difficult to keep abreast of the international situation these days.
We have a lot of social problems to think about today.
Today, I bought ten books in all.
Have you a dictionary today?
May I use your car today?
We had a quiz today.
Today there seems to be a tendency to make little of human relations.
Today, one of every seven people in Western Europe is classified as elderly.
Today, many people receive higher education.
Many men nowadays seem to have the feeling that in vast modern societies there is nothing of importance that the individual can do.
I'll look around the city today.
It is regrettable that young Japanese today should show little interest in the traditional culture of their country.
He is being very kind today.
He interviewed the suspect today.
If you go to a baseball game today, sellers are walking around with hot-water tanks.
Today I walked 10 kilometers.
We've driven enough for one day.
I'm sorry I can't go with you today.
I wish I could go with you today.
I'm going to clean your bedroom today.
Are you busy today?
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.
I regret that I can't come today.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.
Today the ozone layer is thinning.
I went to a musical with my favorite actor today. He's the one must-see for this year.
May I call on you today?
For a full day from today please.
I'll mail this letter today.
This program is going to focus on computer hacking issues today.
There is a big movement today to recycle trash.
I have a lot of assignments to do today.
I'll apply for the job today.
Just for this once, let's not have an argument.
This is the fifth consecutive day of decline of stock prices.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Today pilot fatigue seems more likely.
Today, to send a telegram in the States to anywhere in the world, all you have to do is to give the message over the telephone.
More and more women have their own careers and are economically independent of their husbands.
Today, even white-collar workers are confronted with great hardships.
Today, you must have a photograph in your passport.
Today, more and more people are changing jobs in order to get a better salary and higher social status.
Today, through radio and television, mass advertising can reach millions of people at a time with its messages.
Handmade goods are very expensive nowadays.
Nowadays, commuters take traffic jams for granted.
Today she can do many things humans can do with language.
Today only 10 percent is covered.
Today we have more than three times as many vehicles as on the roads in 1950.
Nowadays many people live to be over seventy years old.
Nowadays there are railways all over England.
Nowadays few people can afford to employ a maid.
It is an advantage today to have a knowledge of computers.
Today no one can imagine a life without television.
Less students study German today than formerly.
Nowadays, almost every home has one or two televisions.
Nowadays freedom of speech is taken as a matter of course.
Today, we can tell how the weather will be with a high degree of accuracy.
Cars are now available in a wide range of prices.
Nowadays the young take no care of the old.
It is not easy to be an umpire today.
Today you can't be content with just earning a living.
Nowadays there is a close relationship between foreign relations and domestic affairs.
Today, paper is used in quantity every day.
Nowadays more and more people prefer country life to city life.
Nowadays, there are still a few groups of people in different parts of the world who do not have permanent homes.
Where will you have lunch today?
You can come and get it today.
Only today did I know the details of the matter.
Today's performance of the ABC Symphony Orchestra fell short of my expectations.
Who's the D. J. today?
I owe what I am solely to both my parents.
You're very stylish.
What is today's recommendation?
I lost my notebook today.
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.
How are you feeling today?
Which would you like?
Germany of today is not what it was ten years ago.
Today's party was really lively, wasn't it?
Who was in charge of today's party?
Today's party is informal.
I hope today's ball game won't be canceled.
At today's meeting almost everybody backed my plan.
People will fry to a crisp in the sun today.
Today's rate is 140 yen to the dollar.
What's today's exchange rate?
What is the exchange rate today?
I am not satisfied with my performance today.
I put in a good word for my friend at today's meeting.
You're looking snappy today.
Today's school does no poorer a job than it used to.
Are you going to do your homework this afternoon?
Would you like to tea with us this afternoon?
He kept me waiting there for more than an hour this afternoon.
I am seeing Mr Brown at his office this afternoon.
I am going to do my homework when I get home this afternoon.
In the afternoon today, if arriving at the house, I intend to study.
We leave for Karuizawa this afternoon.
Come to my house this afternoon.
She shall water the garden this afternoon.
I would like to see my art teacher this afternoon.
I am able to fix the sink this afternoon.
I am supposed to meet her at three this afternoon.
I should like to see you this afternoon.
May I come see you this afternoon?
Can I come to you this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon?
I don't think I shall get through all this work this afternoon.
We saw the sights of the city this afternoon.
How about playing golf this afternoon?
I have quite a little work to do this afternoon.
Let's play tennis this afternoon.
What do you say to playing tennis this afternoon?
How about playing tennis this afternoon?
She'll be up and around this afternoon.
It will be fine this afternoon.
Will you kindly telephone me this afternoon?
Please come here between two and three this afternoon.
I enjoyed the conversation we had this afternoon.
I was asleep from one to four this afternoon.
It was very hot this afternoon.
I do not think it will rain this afternoon.
Are you free this afternoon?
I'm going to prepare for the term examination this afternoon.
I will be busy this afternoon.
I managed to get a hold of him this afternoon.
I am going to see the doctor this afternoon.
I will go to the doctor this afternoon.
It may rain this afternoon.
I don't think it will rain this afternoon.
Can I go swimming this afternoon?
I'll see you again this afternoon.
He requested that I come here again this afternoon.
Bring your essay to me this afternoon.
Look after the children this afternoon.
There are many people to come this afternoon.
The Tanakas are visiting us this afternoon.
She will be coming to see me this afternoon.
My father is free this afternoon.
Many happy returns of the day! Happy birthday!
Do you have any tickets for today's performance?
Today's minimum temperature was 3 C.
So much for today's work.
We have finished the work for today.
I owe what I am today to my father.
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago.
I owe what I am today to my parents.
Your exam today will be very significant for your future.
Today's game will be a crucial battle; the result will be decisive.
As today's accident is very serious, I take it seriously.
Today's ceremony marks the 100th anniversary of our school.
I read it in today's edition.
What do you think about young people today?
It is said that the younger generation today is apathetic.
Some young people today are none the wiser for their university education.
So much for today's lesson.
There were quite a few students absent from class today.
You must take an interest in current events.
You won't find much news in today's newspaper.
Today's paper contains nothing of importance.
There is nothing interesting in the newspaper today.
Today's paper says that another typhoon is on its way.
Today's paper reports that the premier has given up the idea of visiting America.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
According to today's paper, there was a big earthquake in Chile yesterday.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in this town last night.
Today's paper says that a typhoon is coming.
Today's paper says that a big typhoon is approaching.
Is there any special news in today's paper?
I've not read today's paper yet.
I have already read today's paper.
Where is today's paper?
Have you finished reading today's paper yet?
Show me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper, please.
The present world owes its convenient life to petroleum.
The world today needs to advance its production of food.
The current political situation is not very stable.
Life today is fast-moving and complex.
Nowadays young men are apt to make light of learning.
Tickets for today's game sold like hot cakes.
There's a little black spot on the sun today.
This morning it cleared up.
According to today's morning paper, the condemned criminal committed suicide.
Today's breakfast was dried mackerel and miso soup.
How is the weather today?
Today's weather forecast says that it is likely to be fine tomorrow.
Today's weather forecast proved right.
Today's land problems are the product of years of neglect by successive governments.
Stock prices were mixed on the Tokyo market today.
Have you written in your diary yet today?
Technological progress has made Japan what she is.
Japan today is not what it was even ten years ago.
Japan is today considered to be one of the greatest economic powers of the world.
His behavior is very odd today.
She looks very happy today.
She was cool toward me today.
Today's play really moved me.
Let's continue with the lesson for today.
Are there any letters for me in today's mail?
It will be ready by six this evening.
I've got another commitment this evening.
We can deliver it this evening.
I'm seeing my old friend this evening.
What's the program for today?
That's enough for today.
Let's call it a day today.
Today's the coldest day we've ever had.
It is damp and cold today, isn't it?
Today we'll study Charles Dickens.
I've had it for today. I'm too tired.
It is as warm today as yesterday.
Hello, I am Nancy.
Today I have a lot of things to do.
I have a hangover today.
It appears to me that she feels much better today.
Today is my sister's birthday.
As it happens, I don't have any money with me today.
I would rather not go to school today.
I didn't do much work today.
I feel rather off today.
It is fine today.
It's such a nice day. Why don't you take me for a drive?
You are being naughty today.
It is still colder today.
You look different today.
I missed my bus this morning.
You aren't yourself today.
He is not himself today.
It's awfully hot today.
Thank you very much for your hospitality today.
How much should I pay today?
I can't treat you today, but I'll make up for it next week.
It's better for you not to see my grandpa.
I hope you behaved well at school today.
I'm going to meet a customer in his office today.
I have no money today.
It is pretty cold today.
It is rather warm today.
I feel better today than yesterday.
It's cloudy today.
There are jellyfish out there today, so watch out.
The whole class is present once a week.
I think I will wear this red sweater.
Let's stop here.
I needn't have worn such a heavy coat today.
Today was the worst day in Sarajevo.
You must not take either a shower or a bath.
John is on duty today.
I had quite a busy day today.
I would not go skating today.
I'm feeling much better today.
I feel much better today.
It's a lovely day today.
I have a lot of things to do today.
Let's not discuss the matter today.
I don't care to do it today.
It's very cold today.
It is pretty warm today.
It is very fine today.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
I have many things to do now.
I have a lot of work to get through today.
I don't feel like smoking today.
I'm not certain we can get tickets tonight.
There is not the least wind today.
It is nice and warm today.
I feel a little weak today.
I'm lucky today.
It is not my day.
What seems to be the problems today?
Thank you for today.
It is especially hot today.
Where do you want to go today? An amusement park, or maybe a movie?
Today he is better, if anything.
He is, if anything, better today.
I had a very good time today.
It is very cold today.
It is very cold today, isn't it?
It is a very pleasant day today.
You're certainly looking fit as a fiddle today.
As it is very hot today, I don't feel like studying.
I was tired today.
What shirt will you wear to school today?
What sort of television programs are on today?
I would like to do something else today.
How fine it is today.
How windy it is today!
It's insanely hot today.
Let's take it easy at the beach today.
It is too cold for a picnic today.
What are you doing dressed so well? Do you have a date or something?
It is terrible weather today.
You are being ridiculous today.
Even video-game machines owned by most children today are computers.
There is little wind today.
She is a shade better today.
Today more and more people begin to use computers.
It has not rained this month yet.
I would rather not go out today.
I have a great deal to do today.
I can't stay long today.
Apples were on sale today.
Let's go Dutch today.
He's out for the day.
It was cloudy all day long today.
It will rain on and off today, so you'd better take your umbrella.
It is likely to rain today.
It is supposed to rain today, isn't it?
I think it'll rain today.
Do you suppose it will rain today?
It was raining today. What'll it be like tomorrow?
We expect that it will rain today.
It's rainy today.
It being rainy today, let's cancel our shopping.
The weather is unfavorable for our athletic meet today.
There were no clouds today.
Don't you want to swim today?
We have an English class today.
I don't feel like studying English today.
I feel like doing something different today.
Anything new today?
How hot it is today!
What a lovely day it is today!
I have nothing on for today.
You had better not do anything today.
There is nothing to do today.
I don't feel like eating anything today.
What shall we do today?
What are you going to do today?
What time will you be home this evening?
What's the day today?
Which day of the week is it?
You should stay at home today.
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today.
Instead of cleaning the house today, I think I'll take a walk.
Today, we have to sleep outdoors.
It is bright and clear.
It's fair today, so we can work all day.
What do you think about eating out tonight?
I would rather stay at home than go out today.
There was a marathon at school today and we were very tired.
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?
Today is our school field day.
There is no school today.
May I leave school early today?
I really enjoyed myself tonight.
Today, we're going to have a good time!
I was excited to come.
It's cold today.
It's cold today so button your coat.
It's a cold day, isn't it?
It's simply too cold today.
It's supposed to get colder and snow later today.
The cold is terrible this year.
It's warm enough today to bring out a slight sweat.
It is a pleasant day today.
I feel better today, but I am not well enough to work.
It's a pleasant day, isn't it?
I feel terrible today.
I feel well today.
Do you feel any better today?
I feel better today.
There is only a small audience today.
I am off today.
He said that I shouldn't even be coming in today.
I'm in a hurry today.
It is a payday today.
Fish is cheap today.
The fish aren't biting today.
The fish are striking well today.
Today is not your day.
You had better stay away from work today.
It is Monday today.
I had an awful experience today, so I'm going to have a beer and go straight to bed.
Bring an umbrella because it is expected to rain this afternoon.
You'd better not go today.
Did you behave today?
Tomorrow is another day.
Today is the hottest day this year.
I wasn't at my best today.
It isn't anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It is as hot a day as yesterday.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It is less cold today than it was yesterday.
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.
It is not so hot today as yesterday.
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
It is warmer today than yesterday.
You had better take an umbrella with you today.
I won't work overtime today.
I found no job today.
I don't feel like working today.
It is too hot a day for work.
You can take today off.
There was no fresh meat in the market today, so you'll have to content yourselves with something out of a tin.
I'll pay the money for your lunch today.
Today is my sixteenth birthday.
Today is our anniversary so let's make this a special dinner.
I've been pressed for time today!
You do look nice today!
It is truly a nice day today.
Today is certainly a pleasant day.
The car is not available today.
I was on the go all day today looking for a loan.
Today we're going to focus on the question of homeless people.
I don't have classes today.
Let's let the workers go home early today.
I have no homework today.
We have a holiday today.
I feel like going out today.
It's hot today.
Today is hot so we can swim in the ocean.
It's hot today, isn't it?
I think it will be hot today.
The heat is terrible today.
It's simply too hot to do anything today.
I feel a little bad today.
It is a little cool today.
Have you practiced any today?
It's rather cold today.
It's rather cold today, but I think it'll be fairly warm tomorrow.
I'm feeling a little blue today.
I am a little out of sorts today.
I'm a bit serious today, but please bear with me.
I have a slight headache today.
I have a slight fever today.
Try not to buy anything on impulse today.
I have a good appetite today.
Today is the best day of my life.
You look very happy today, don't you?
The weather's rather jolly today.
I have math homework today.
The weather does not look like clearing up today.
It is sunny today.
The weather will be fair today.
It's snowy today.
I've got a big wash today.
There is no wind today.
I'm going to clock out early today.
Why don't you go home early today?
It's fairly warm today.
A number of students are absent today.
I'm out of shape today.
I don't feel well today. The well water is the cause of many illnesses.
Who will be the chairperson today?
Is anyone absent today?
I don't want to see anybody today.
It's warm today so you can swim in the sea.
It's warm today, isn't it?
Today above ground tomorrow under.
There is much water in the pond today.
The lengths of day and night are the same today.
I don't have enough time to eat lunch today.
All day, I have been strangely preoccupied with thoughts of my hometown.
I feel chilled to the bone today.
It is very fine today so I would rather go out than stay at home.
I played outside with everybody because weather was good today.
The weather is unusual today.
It's fine today.
I wish it were fine today.
It seems that the store is closed today.
I've had a lot of calls today.
I'm not free today.
It's Saturday today.
My brain doesn't seem to be working well today.
Today the fog is as thick as pea soup.
It is cloudy today.
Does it look cloudy today?
Two students are absent today.
Two boys are absent from school today.
Did you write anything in your diary today?
It being Sunday today, we have no school.
Today is hot enough for us to swim in the sea.
The waves are high today.
Sales are down this month.
I am going to see him today.
Today he was late for his class. But he is, on the whole, a satisfactory student.
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
I'm kind of tired today.
Today is extremely hot.
I am off duty today.
As I am off duty today, let's go to the beach.
Because I am sick today, I want to absent myself from the company.
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
There isn't much wind today.
There's no wind today.
It is windy today.
It is windy today, isn't it?
The wind is cold today.
I have a touch of a cold today.
Let's try another place to eat today.
You don't need to study today.
I don't feel like studying today. Let's go to a soccer game.
I am busy today.
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.
I'm busy today, otherwise I would accept.
It's really cold today.
I'm really tired tonight.
I don't feel inclined to play baseball today.
I have the blues today.
It's your birthday, isn't it, Yuri?
I would rather study than play today.
We may have a shower today.
I have a full program today.
I'm expecting a customer today.
I had no visitor today.
It's cool today.
I'm going to be fast asleep tonight because today was a great day.
We are free from a cold wind today.
I am going to apply for a visa today.
Even videogame machines owned by most children today are computers.
I'll give you a ring on today.
The weather has been good until today.
To this day we call them Indians.
Another lonely day.
Looks like another nice day.
I've had it. All I've done today is handle complaints.
It's going to be another hot day.
I'm very sleepy today, too.
I achieved all I hoped to do today.
I'd rather you came tomorrow than today.
There was a smash-up out on Route 66 today.
I must hand in the report today.
Why don't you take the day off?
I think it might rain today, but I could be wrong.
Will it rain today?
There is no chance of rain today.
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.
It is essential to have good command of English nowadays.
There was a fire near the house today.
How about meeting today?
Do you want to eat out tonight?
Machines can do a lot of things for people today.
When I got up today my throat felt a little sore.
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
As of today, we haven't had an answer from him.
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
I must have a haircut at the barber's today.
We're playing baseball after work today.
How about having a drink after we finish our work today?
You've made me what I am.
You probably don't understand a word I'm saying today.
Today we can go to distant countries easily by plane.
You can use my car today.
I wonder what I should do today.
I picked up a key I found on the way today.
I go to the hospital today.
Today I went to the dentist's.
Today cars are so popular that we assume everyone has one.
Today young people find themselves, through no fault of their own, living in a world torn by international bitterness and the threat of nuclear destruction.
Today's housewives do nothing but complain of high prices.
Today, automobiles have taken the place of horses as the principal means of transportation.
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
I might as well leave today.
Today the new leaf sent out a bud.
Soccer played throughout the world today is closest to the original football.
Today, people all over the world are moving out of small villages in the country to go and live in big, noisy cities.
There is going to be a game between Waseda and Keio today.
Who do you think I ran into today?
The president will hold a press conference later today.
We are liable to get a storm before the day is out.
If only I could be through with my homework today!
Without electricity we can't live a good life today.
Is this today's issue of the Asahi Shimbun?
He asked after my wife when I met him today.
I forgot to call him today.
Today I got my mother out for shopping.
I left behind something today.
That which was satisfied today becomes tomorrow's provisions.
Do you want to go to dinner today?
Shall I cook dinner today?
Today's meeting has been canceled.
The boy next door fell head first from a tree.
I've worn out two pairs of shoes this year.
Which player are you paying the most attention to this year?
How many students have been admitted to the school this year?
We haven't had much rain this year.
This year the region has been hit by a severe drought.
It was not until this year that these documents were made available to the public.
This year there were few rainy days in August.
I'm not looking forward to Christmas this year.
Christmas falls on Sunday this year.
Who do you think will win this year's Super Bowl?
Skirts this year reach a few centimeters above the knees.
There's a fine crop of corn this year.
St. Valentine's Day falls on Sunday this year.
This year's fashions are completely different to last year's.
This year's fashions are different from those of last year.
We have closed out this year's model.
We are going to travel in a group this summer.
This is the hottest summer that we have had in thirty years.
We had a very hot summer this year.
We have had little rain this summer.
Don't figure on going abroad this summer.
It was cold in the summer of this year.
It is unbearably hot this summer.
We had few sunny days this summer.
I don't feel like eating at all this summer.
I have to work for my Ph. D. this summer.
It seems to be cold again this summer.
On what day of the week does your birthday fall this year?
My birthday falls on a Sunday this year.
This year's harvest will fall short of last year.
This year's harvest will fall short of that of last year.
A great earthquake hit Mexico this fall.
I'm going to Paris this fall.
We have had few typhoons this autumn.
There will be an economic crisis at the end of this year.
There are many new programs to watch this spring.
I can't stand this hot summer.
Steel production is estimated to reach 100 million tons this year.
This is the coldest winter we have had in twenty years, I hear.
It's very cold this winter.
We have had little snow this winter.
We have a severe winter this year.
The temperature is above average this winter.
We have a mild winter this year.
We had less snow this winter than last.
We'll have little snow this winter.
We expect a very cold winter this year.
This winter is warm.
The growth rate of the Japanese economy will top 0.7% this year.
The farm production of this year is better than we expected.
Sales should double this year.
Culture Day falls on Monday this year.
There's a good chance that this year's rice crop will be up on last year's.
This year's good harvest will make up for last year's bad one.
This year's fashions are quite different from those of last year.
There were not many rainy days in June this year.
This is the year 1990.
Four percent inflation is forecast for this year.
When are you going on holiday this year?
This year New Year's Day falls on Sunday.
This is the coldest winter that we have had in thirty years.
So far it has been an exciting year.
There have been many cases of cholera this year.
Our land gave a high yield this year.
I want to read as many English books as possible this year.
I'm planning to read as many books as I can this year.
We have a good crop of tomatoes this year.
The roses are blooming early this year.
It seems that bikinis are "in" this year.
We're expecting a good harvest this year.
We've had a lot of rain this year.
I hear Latin music is taking the music industry by storm this year.
There has been a good apple harvest this year.
The apple trees blossomed early this year.
Long dresses have come in fashion this year.
The rice is coming well this year.
It isn't raining much this year.
We have had plenty of rain this year.
Summer is slow in coming this year.
We have a cold autumn this year.
It is colder this year than last year.
This year we had more snow than last year.
Will we have more snow this year than last year I wonder.
We had more snow this year than last.
I don't think that the Giants will be the champions this year.
I think that the Lions will be the champions this year.
Any turnaround of the economy is not expected this year.
There were fewer accidents this year than last.
This year the cherry blossoms are coming out a little later than usual.
The business has expanded by 50% this year.
This year unemployment will reach record levels.
Spring is late this year.
Spring is slow in coming this year.
Spring has come early this year.
Spring is late coming this year.
The wheat is coming very well this year.
I can't afford a new car this year.
I have been here several times this year.
We have had little snow this year.
We have had plenty of snow this year.
We've had four retirements this year.
This year typhoons comes in succession.
The weather has been unusual this year.
Business failures are down 10% this year.
I resolved to keep a diary this year.
Do you think the rainy season will set in early this year?
The end of the rainy season came late this year.
This year has been a lucky one for him.
This year promises a good harvest of rice.
The rice crop was scanty this year.
We have had a heavy crop this year.
This year promises an abundant harvest.
Our daughter will be in the Shichi-Go-San festival this year.
The trees are budding early this year.
More students than ever before have sat for their bar examinations this year.
The cherry blossoms will come out earlier than usual.
We have less snow than usual.
Is there any chance of your coming to Tokyo again this year?
May the new year bring you happiness!
Please treat me this year as well as you did last year.
There are only a few days left before the end of the year.
What do you think is the best film that you have seen this year?
How about staying at my place this evening?
I don't feel like going out tonight.
Let's eat out tonight.
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight?
Can you come for dinner tonight?
The President is to speak on television this evening.
Could you call me tonight, please?
She will be here this evening.
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.
I am free till 6 o'clock this evening.
Come round to see me at eight tonight.
I see no harm in your going out alone this evening.
I can't go to the restaurant with you tonight.
What are you doing this evening?
I'm sorry that I can't meet you tonight.
We're having some guests over this evening.
We're having five guests tonight.
Are you free this evening?
I'll call you up this evening.
Please give me a ring this evening.
I have a reservation for three nights from tonight.
A telephone call from him is probable tonight.
How about playing chess tonight?
What's on the air this evening?
I've decided what to cook for dinner.
Today's dinner is fish.
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow's meeting so I had to turn it down.
Are there any seats left for tonight?
I'd like to make a reservation for tonight.
I feel like going to bed early tonight.
We're having a party this evening.
Let's have a party tonight.
Let's give a party this evening.
We're filled for tonight.
I've had a pleasant evening.
We are expecting company this evening.
I don't feel like watching TV tonight.
I don't feel up to eating anything tonight.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight.
Is there going to be a party tonight?
I haven't eaten dinner yet this evening.
Let's dine at restaurant this evening.
It is not going to rain this evening.
I suppose it's going to rain this evening.
I'll be free this evening.
Let's eat in this evening.
Let's eat out this evening.
I'd rather not go out this evening.
I feel like eating out tonight.
I hope you enjoy yourself this evening.
It is going to be cold tonight.
I have some work to do this evening.
I'll cook for you tonight.
I feel a bit feverish tonight.
Not a single star is to be seen tonight.
We can see many stars tonight.
I had a great night.
I'd like to have meat for supper this evening.
I don't feel like eating supper tonight.
What are you doing tonight?
Thanks for coming over tonight.
The train is very crowded this evening.
Can we find accommodations at a hotel for tonight?
I'm going out with Lisa tonight.
It's going to rain this evening.
How about going to see a movie tonight?
What time shall I call you tonight?
Are you free tonight?
I would rather read a book at home than go out tonight.
I'm seeing her this evening.
Let's get together tonight.
We are giving a small party this evening.
Let's tip a few tonight.
Can you tell me who is coming tonight?
Call me this evening.
We would like to stay here tonight.
Do you have any rooms left for tonight?
Can you fix him up for the night?
I'll call him tonight.
We will have a meeting at his house this evening.
We are giving a farewell party for him tonight.
I'm planning to study tonight.
I have a great deal to do tonight.
If he dies now, the situation will become serious.
Will it do me any good to try to persuade him now?
I got a call from her this morning.
Don't phone her now.
Have you got a cold now?
They are on the air now.
The law now requires women to be employed on equal terms with men.
A storm warning is out now.
What I want now is not money, but time.
I found you.
Can you make it to our usual place at 7:00 p.m. tonight?
I'll call you up around eight this evening.
We're giving a party tonight.
I was wondering, would you like to go to a movie with me tonight?
Come see me if you are free tonight.
What do you say to eating out tonight?
Please call me up tonight at my office.
Do you want to have sushi tonight?
Is there a room available for tonight?
Shooting stars will be seen tonight.
I'll ring you up at seven this evening.
I regret that I can't see you tonight.
I'll take care of your child tonight.
What are you going to do this evening?
We're not sure we can come tonight.
Be at home this evening.
Can I see you tonight?
Can you put me up tonight?
She'll be pleased to be here tonight.
Tonight will be fine. Let's make it for 6:00.
May I watch TV tonight?
Going somewhere tonight? Look at you - all dressed up like that.
I have no place to sleep tonight.
As of midnight tonight the contract becomes effective.
I will have finished the work by seven this evening.
Please get my account ready by tonight.
The dinner was so delicious.
He played an excellent host at today's party.
Will you go to the party tonight?
Tonight's movie will be "Twins".
Are you going to attend the meeting tonight?
What a fine moon we have tonight!
Who is going to speak tonight?
Let's toast the guest of honor!
I guarantee a huge audience for tonight's premiere.
Rain is forecast for this evening.
I have a reservation for tonight.
I bet it's fine tonight.
I will put up at my friend's tonight.
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.
I'm invited to Claudia's party tonight.
Let's stay here tonight.
I don't feel like studying at all tonight.
Well, it's just about time for me to be on my way. Have a great weekend, everybody.
Where shall we eat tonight?
I'll be glued to the TV tonight watching a really exciting program.
I had a good time this evening.
I'm dying to see you tonight in any event. Please come over by seven.
What sort of trickery do you have in store for me tonight?
What shall we have tonight?
I do not feel like drinking beer tonight.
Why don't we eat at a restaurant tonight?
Let's talk the night away tonight, shall we?
It will rain tonight.
I'm afraid it'll rain tonight.
How about going to the movies tonight?
I feel like taking a hot spring bath tonight.
Tonight I plan to go to a concert.
I don't feel like doing anything tonight.
What shall we eat tonight?
Please take me home tonight.
I'm free tonight.
It is all right to eat out tonight?
Let's eat out tonight; I'm too tired to cook.
Let's dine out tonight. I'm too tired to cook.
He said to me, 'Let's eat out tonight.'
I'm dining out this evening.
I don't feel like eating out this evening.
I'm eating out this evening.
I feel first-class tonight.
How about eating out this evening for a change?
Is it possible to see Venus tonight?
The heavens are bright with stars tonight.
I have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight.
It's raining hard tonight.
The moon is very beautiful this evening.
The moon is low in the sky tonight.
The moon is shining brightly tonight.
Dinner is on me tonight.
I should like you to be my guest tonight.
We have plenty of time tonight.
I didn't feel like going out this evening.
It's likely to snow this evening.
Will it snow tonight?
There is a possibility that it will snow tonight.
All is calm tonight.
Let's make a night of it.
I'll burn the midnight oil tonight.
It might not freeze tonight.
You can stay with us for the night.
He is on night duty tonight.
Are you off duty tonight?
I think it'll freeze tonight.
I don't have to study tonight. I think I'll watch television for a while.
Let's forget to study and enjoy ourselves tonight.
I guess you will be very busy tonight.
A full moon can be seen tonight.
Tonight I've got to do get ready for tomorrow.
I have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
It will cool down tonight.
You can stay till tonight.
It may rain tonight.
How about going to the movie tonight?
May I go to the movies tonight?
We are having some people tonight.
Can you meet tonight?
We take great pleasure in meeting all of you this evening.
What do you say to dining out tonight?
How about eating out this evening?
How about dining out tonight?
I'll be back late tonight.
Oh, you're going home tonight!
Are you going to the theater tonight?
Come and see me tonight.
Will you please call me this evening?
I'll ring you up tonight.
I'll give him a call tonight.
I'm seeing them tonight.
Would you like to come and see us this evening?
Come over tonight. I will show you how.
He shall let him sing it again this evening.
We are to meet at five this evening.
Mike is coming to dinner this evening.
I am cooking now.
Confine your remarks to the matter we are discussing.
In case of trouble, please call me.
I sometimes apprehend that there will be some difficulty.
The trouble is that I am short of money these days.
The problem is that our car will not be available on that day.
The trouble is that your plan would be too expensive to carry out.
The trouble is that I am not equal to the work.
The trouble is that we are short of money.
The trouble is, she's almost lost her voice.
The trouble is that they only think of themselves.
The trouble is that she lacks experience.
The trouble is that it costs too much.
Now, there is a problem.
Should you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
I anticipate that there will be trouble.
The trouble with us is that we have no funds.
The trouble is that I don't have much money now.
The trouble is that he thinks only of himself.
The trouble with him is that he is lazy.
The trouble is that glasses always get lost.
The trouble is that we have nowhere to stay tonight.
The trouble is that we do not have enough money.
The trouble is that my watch gains three minutes a day.
The trouble is that my son does not want to go to school.
The trouble is that I have no money on me now.
The trouble is that there is little water left.
The problem is that my son doesn't want to go to school.
The trouble is he has no money.
The trouble is that I have no money with me.
The trouble is that they have no money.
The trouble is that they have no time.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
You can count on me for five thousand yen or so when you're in difficulties.
I know that he keeps his promise.
If you get into difficulties, don't hesitate to ask for advice.
Turn to me for help if you are in difficulty.
Come to me if you are in difficulties.
The trouble is that I can't remember where I parked the car.
The trouble is that we have no money.
The trouble is that I am short of money.
Please stand by me when I need you.
When you are in trouble, you can count on me.
When we are in trouble we can take heart from the fact that things often seem worse than they are.
Drop me a line when you are in trouble.
My uncle gave me some good advice when I was in trouble.
Friends help each other. Just let me know what's wrong.
For the sake of children in need, we cooperated to collect donations.
It's important to help people who are in trouble.
Don't laugh at a person in trouble.
I can't forsake a friend in trouble.
We were at a loss what to do.
No, you mustn't because I am not on good terms with her now.
It seems that there was no way out of difficulty.
Never halloo till you are out of the woods.
Whether it may be hard or not, I must do it.
I am in the soup.
When he got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
He breasted it out against difficulties.
You should try to make your way despite all the difficulties.
I owe it to Mr Smith that I was able to overcome my difficulties.
I owe it to my mother that I was able to overcome my difficulties.
The resentment runs deep.
Strength always prevails in the insect Kingdom.
Some insects can take on the color of their surroundings.
An insect is a small animal and it has six legs.
We went into the woods in search of insects.
There are plants that repel insects.
A radical disarmament treaty prohibits all armaments and armed forces.
We had to push our way through the crowd.
I heard someone call my name in the crowded bus.
Someone stepped on my toe in the crowded bus.
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry.
Look out for pickpockets on crowded trains.
The busy road is a danger to small children.
I lost my way in the crowded street.
In a crowded train, I make it a rule to give my seat to old people.
The lines are crossed.
To avoid confusion, the teams wore different colors.
I am wholly responsible for the confusion.
The confusion is all over.
Shoemakers' children go barefoot.
A house without love is no more a home than a body without a soul is a man.
A home without love is not a home any more than a body without a soul is a man.
I'm feeling the breath of life.
The soul animates the body.
Plato held that the soul is immortal.
She's always worrying about trifles.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Are you going out with Sachiko?
Sachiko is more popular than Judy.
Sachiko is most popular in our class.
Mr Sato called at eleven.
A Mr Sato is waiting to see you.
A Mr Sato called in your absence.
May I speak to Mr. Sato?
Mr Sato is on another line. Will you hold the line a minute?
Mr Sato speaks English well.
Miss Sato is a new secretary of the president.
Mrs. Sato pushed her son to study hard.
It is surprising that Mr Sato should fail.
Mr. Sato asked me many questions about the election.
Mr Sato ran a supermarket in his hometown before he came to Tokyo.
Let me introduce Mr Sato to you.
Miss Sato is in charge of my class.
Mr Sano speaks French with great fluency.
Kiss the fifth man from the left.
Turning to the left, you will find the gas station.
Turning to the left, you will find the restaurant on your right.
If you turn to the left, you will find the church on your right.
Turning to the left, you will find the post office.
Take the road on the left.
Turn hard left.
I don't know whether to turn left or right.
Turn to the left.
Turning to the left, you will find a coffee shop.
If you turn to the left, you'll see a white building.
Turning left you will find the bus stop.
Lie down on your left side.
The joint of my left shoulder aches.
I have a discharge from my left ear.
I have a foreign object in my left ear.
I have some numbness in my left hand.
I tried to write with my left hand.
Show me what you have in your left hand.
The figure on the left spoils the unity of the painting.
Raise your left hand.
My lower left back tooth hurts.
You will find the post office on your left.
Keep to the left.
Keep to the left, please.
My left foot is asleep.
He had a little operation on his left leg.
I have a prickling sensation in my left eye.
I got my left arm bruised.
For the time being I want to work at that bookstore.
At the risk of sounding too forward, I'd like to make a comment.
There is no need to worry about shortages for the moment.
That will be enough for now.
I can't see you due to the press of business.
Is there a difference?
The separation of gold from sand is problematic.
I'll show you how to separate gold from sand.
It's dry as dust.
We have no sugar.
I need some sugar. Do you have any?
Add a little sugar and cream.
Would you like sugar and milk?
Don't confuse sugar with salt.
We have to do without sugar; we're short of it.
We have to do without sugar.
I got my mother's goat when I gave her the salt instead of the sugar.
Sugar will dissolve in a glass of water quickly.
How much sugar do you use?
There is some sugar in the bag.
Is there any sugar in the pot?
We sell sugar by the pound.
Is there any sugar?
Important as sugar is as article of food, we cannot live on it.
Sugar dissolves in water.
All sugar is sweet.
There is little sugar left in the pot.
Sugar melts in hot water.
Would you like some sugar?
Sugar dissolves in hot coffee.
Dissolve sugar in hot water.
Add a bit of sugar, please.
In the desert, camels are more important than cars for transportation.
She is brave to live alone in the desert.
Canals have been built to irrigate the desert.
Desert sand cools off rapidly at night.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
Desert ecology is a new field of study.
The desert sun grilled him.
It is a lot of fun picking various shells on the sands.
We need to bind gravel with cement.
White collar crime has made American people trust the government less.
The imposter was caught.
A confidence man can talk his way into a girl's trust with ease.
A confidence man polishes his "hood winking" or "eye-washing" techniques before bilking a new victim.
The strength of the chain is in the weakest link.
Keep the ball rolling.
You'd better sit down, I suppose.
Let's sit down and catch our breath.
My legs ache from sitting.
Why don't you sit down and relax?
Sit down and rest for a while.
I thought I might not be supposed to sit down.
I found the chair was comfortable when I sat on it.
May I sit down?
A quiet place to sit and rest would be nice.
There was no choice but to sit and wait.
Sitting over my book, I fell asleep.
Sit down, Kate.
Take the weight off your feet.
Won't you take a chair?
This is a comfortable chair.
There's no chair to sit upon.
I can't fix the seat.
Two seats remained vacant.
May I put my seat back?
All seats are reserved.
Please fasten your seat belts, and kindly refrain from smoking.
Let's go back to our places.
Would you make room for me?
Please save my place.
It was good of you to give up your seat.
I booked a seat.
I feel secure when I invest in stocks but not bonds.
The proceeds from the bond issue will be used to finance the budget deficit.
Bonds together with some money was stolen.
The debt-servicing cost on bonds will take up major portion of the budget.
The yield on the bond is 6%.
I'm afraid this sounds like a demand, but could you return the money I lent you the other day?
Throw a tear-gas bomb at him.
Once again, Mrs. Lee speaks fondly of the past, and it is impossible to stop her.
Again the younger brother became a wanderer, and he arrived one day at the house of the elder brother.
I agree with them that we should try again.
She was never to see her home again.
It is rather cold again today, but tomorrow we expect the temperature to rise.
It brought me down to earth.
May there never be another world war!
There is little chance of my meeting him again.
Marco might well burst into tears to meet his mother again.
Drifting off to sleep again, the same dream returned, three times in all.
He went back to the drug store, located the machine, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
Benefits accrue to the community from reconstruction.
There is no room for reconsideration.
Time after time I've invited them to come over and visit us but time and time again they've never come.
Is a recurrence likely?
There's a slight possibility of a recurrence.
The month after next is December.
How about two weeks from Thursday?
Men and women between the ages of 25 and 54 have the most stressful lives.
Even the finest fete becomes mere hogs swill.
The best thing is to tell the truth.
Whom we love best to them we can say least.
We have made an effort to quote our most competitive price.
The quickest means of travel is by plane.
Even the strongest man can't stop a typhoon.
Even the mightiest of empires comes to an end.
Some of the oldest Chinese chopsticks date from 1200 B.C.
What's your strongest type of sunscreen?
What's your strongest type of headache pill?
The most effective defense is offense.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
In its broadest sense communication includes all forms of transmitting thoughts or feelings between people.
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Even the most self-centered people are usually forgetful of this fault.
And, most important of all, the stone does not tell us what kind of happiness we should find in that house.
The most important thing is a pleasant living environment.
They that govern the most make the least noise.
Please note that we have quoted the lowest possible price.
One of the most beautiful animals is a cat.
The busiest people have the most leisure.
The wildest colt makes the best horse.
Even the cleverest students can make silly mistakes.
Would you kindly quote your best price?
The best way is to do one thing at a time.
The best of friends must part.
At worst, I will get an average mark.
It is necessary that we should prepare for the worst.
The worst situation resulted.
You must prepare for the worst.
It is necessary to prepare for the worst.
The worst is still to come.
The worst is over.
She can get the second prize at worst.
Are you prepared for the worst?
The worst friend and enemy is but Death.
Can you tell me the way to the nearest post office?
I live miles away from the nearest station.
Where is the nearest station?
Could you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Can you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Where is the nearest police station?
Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Where's the nearest subway station?
Where is the nearest telephone?
Lately, we see crows everywhere.
Lately it seems that no matter how much I sleep, I stay tired. I wonder if I've come down with something strange.
I'm getting a spare tire around my waist. I guess it's middle age creeping up on me.
Recently the demand for this product has increased faster than the supply.
I am into golf lately.
Why haven't you been showing up to work lately?
Have you been in contact with Mr White recently?
I saw Rosalie O'Connor recently.
Few students use pencils these days.
Have you read any interesting books lately?
Recently we have brought our office equipment up to date.
Have you been in contact with one of your old school friends recently?
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
The turnover at my company is really speeding up lately.
Lately I see a lot of parents getting divorced. I wonder if the idea of kids being a bond between their parents is just a thing of the past.
The birth rate has been decreasing recently.
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
I am putting on weight these days.
I've lost weight recently.
Recently, the dignity and importance of the Japanese father has diminished.
These days few people suffer from tuberculosis.
I haven't seen anything of him lately.
We haven't heard of him lately.
Recently I get annoyed at the slightest thing he says.
Recently he bothers me.
Lately, he reproaches me.
Prices dropped recently.
Could I be going soft in the head? I forget things so easily these days.
Recently I moved to another apartment.
These days many old people live by themselves.
We don't meet very often recently.
The new camera our company has been marketing lately has a design different from any we've marketed before.
I have not seen anything of Elizabeth lately.
Have you heard from your sister lately?
I'm tied up with this job recently.
I just bought a new desk for my computer.
Recently I started the diet.
More and more Japanese are traveling abroad these days.
These days, when people emigrate, it is not so much in search of sunshine, or food, or even servants.
Many old people these days can't keep up with the times.
Recently John feels better on and off.
There is little harmony in international affairs nowadays.
Nowadays it is not unusual for a woman to travel alone.
Many old people these days cannot keep up with the times.
I haven't seen Tom lately.
It is only recently that people have begun to realize the importance of nature conservation.
It was not until recently that she changed her mind.
How is livelihood in America these day?
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing.
I'd appreciate it if you sent me your latest catalog.
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
I'm really not up on recent TV shows.
What is the latest news?
Due to the recent hurricane, a lot of people lost their homes.
Pro baseball is interesting these days.
Recent overseas transfers show that productivity improvements in Japanese manufacturing industry have almost reached their limit.
These days when I hear about these horrible incidents on the news I get the feeling that more and more young people are losing their ability to distinguish between real and virtual worlds.
These bank employees seem so politely insolent lately. I wonder what's behind it.
Recent investigations have demonstrated that the application of Emmet's theory is not always without defects.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
The president made special remarks with reference accident in the nuclear reactor.
Some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine.
I can't keep up with the fashions of young girls these days.
These days more young husbands help their wives with housework.
Lately high school girls are using their cell phones to exchange e-mail.
Modern ships only need a small crew.
A recent survey reveals that the population density in the metropolis is decreasing.
A recent survey revealed that the population density in the metropolis was decreasing.
What do you think are the best sellers of the latest Japanese records?
The modern Japanese politics is bad.
Modern cats don't eat rats.
Recent comics have too many violent and sexual scenes.
More and more people these days are getting overwhelmed by housing loans.
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.
These days the number of women who don't want to change their family names even after they get married is increasing.
Lately the discount airline ticket system has gotten so complicated that there's a lot about it I can't figure out.
These days more and more young people talk to their elders on even terms.
A dollar does not go very far these days.
I see little of my father these days.
I started using PCs recently.
A lot of construction is going on these days.
What are you into these days?
Everybody is happy nowadays.
Nowadays, a safety zone is not always safe.
We often have unusual weather these days.
Nothing I do lately seems to turn out right. I'm losing confidence in myself.
Recently even students have come to visit foreign countries quite often.
Now we are having one cold day after another.
I have hardly had a minute lately to think about personal e-mails.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
There's a trend these days towards small families.
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.
I've got little time for reading these days.
Recently, the number of foreigners working or studying in Japan has increased.
I have heard nothing from him of late.
We haven't heard from her of late.
Life is getting hard these days.
Until recently, the main function of women was to marry and give birth to children.
Until recently we took oil for granted.
Something's wrong with my e-mail.
I've seen much of him recently.
We go there often.
Rapid and remarkable advances have been made in medicine.
The room I've moved into recently gets plenty of sunshine.
Have you seen any movies lately?
Lately you see more young couples making out at the train station ticket gates acting as though nobody in the world existed.
Two books stand out among the dozens recently published on the Royal Family.
Have you read anything interesting lately?
Society has seen a lot of change recently.
Now the company can justify such expenditure.
The number of students going overseas has been increasing lately.
I've taken up painting recently.
Recently, more and more countries have prohibited smoking.
Recently communism has extended its power.
I want to hear all your news.
You hear about a lot of incidents these days that would be hard to dream up. It really backs up the old saying that fact is stranger than fiction.
I've been sluggish recently.
I can not get enough sleep any more.
I haven't seen much of him recently.
I have seen nothing of him recently.
These days I'm very busy.
My vision is getting worse these days.
I was recently in an automobile accident.
Recently the number of cars has greatly increased.
I feel like I'm just getting comfortable with my homemaking chores.
Of all the books published recently, only a few are worth reading.
Recently I have had no appetite.
There seems to be no end to the number of young people committing suicide these days.
Recently, many traffic accidents have occurred on that road.
A number of traffic accidents have happened recently.
Many women work outside their homes these days.
Recently numerous groups have offered counsel.
Recently the condition of the body is not so good.
Recently, many public bath-houses have gone out of business.
It scares me that we have frequently had earthquakes lately.
You've been late for school more often than before.
Recently the worms increased.
The condition seems to be bad recently.
I'm not in good shape now.
How's everything these days, Frank?
A unique fossil of a tropical plant was found recently.
He writes to me less and less often these days.
Have you heard from him recently?
I haven't heard from him of late. I hope he is not sick.
He died lately.
I have not seen much of him recently.
Have you been seeing a lot of him recently?
Have you been in contact with him recently?
I saw him recently.
I have not seen him lately.
I have heard nothing of him lately.
I have recently become accustomed to his way of speaking.
Recently he has come to realize the significance of married life.
Recently he launched a new business.
They are studying these days.
Have you heard from her recently?
When I saw her recently, she looked very happy.
I have not seen her lately.
I have seen nothing of her lately.
We haven't seen her of late.
A strange marine creature was found recently.
I'm getting forgetful these days, but what can you do?
Are you overworking yourself lately?
I haven't seen anything of Mr Kimura lately.
Who was the last to reach the goal?
Who was the last person to log on to the computer?
It'll come right in the end.
I finally came up with a great idea.
Justice will prevail in the end.
When did you have your last physical examination?
The last to leave was a tall man, with a pale face and smooth, black hair.
It is justice, and not might, that wins in the end.
You won't be let down if you read the entire book.
When did you see him last?
I've finished all except the last page.
We'll sing that song, omitting the last two verses.
He was in despair when he spent the last of his money.
It's time to move in for the kill.
The last straw breaks the camel's back.
You kept putting off working on the fine details on this project so it ended up lacking the finishing touches.
He cried off at the last moment.
Never give up till the very end.
The final exams will probably carry over into next month.
He supposed he could always quit the job in the last resort.
A good idea came across his mind at the last moment.
The last wound proved fatal.
My last period was two months ago.
Will you explain the last part in detail?
When the last leaf falls, I must go, too.
You will succeed in the end.
You don't have to stay to the end.
You must carry the task through to the end.
We were arguing on different planes to the last.
Let me finish.
Let's fight to the last.
I intend on fighting till the end.
Stick it out.
He did his best to the last.
What a scream!
The best of luck to you.
I feel on top of the world.
Even the richest man cannot buy everything.
It's in peak condition.
Deal in top of the line of goods.
Excellent reviews.
The Supreme Court attacks school segregation.
The Supreme Court overturned a previous decision.
The Supreme Court is located near the Imperial Palace.
You may spend a maximum of 100 dollars.
The best is best cheap.
The final score was two to nothing.
We were just in time for the last train.
The last bus having left, I had to take a taxi.
The last bus having gone, we had to walk home.
There were very few passengers in the last bus.
I hurried to the bus stop so that I would not miss the last bus.
The final plan differs greatly from the original one.
A pinch hitter was brought into action in the last inning.
The deadline is drawing near.
The final decision rests with the students themselves.
The final decision rests with the president.
At his final exam, Bob was really put through the wringer; the test covered everything that was in the course.
As to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
The final proposal will be announced sometime next week.
The new final deadline is at 7 o'clock on June 10th.
I missed the last train, so I had to walk all the way home.
I was impatient with fear of missing last train.
When does the last train start?
The final vote was decisive.
The last train has already gone.
At first I thought I liked the plan, but on second thought I decided to oppose it.
At first the trainees were awkward in his company.
At first, I failed the test.
At first, I could not swim by myself.
I had stage fright at first, but I got over it quickly.
At first he was all at sea in his new job.
People were against Mother Teresa at first, but she never gave up.
At first, he could not speak English at all.
We didn't hit it off too well at the beginning, but as we got to talking, we found we got along quite well.
We should have been fully aware of this risk all along.
Try it again from the first.
I mean, I was spellbound the whole time.
Let's begin at the beginning.
As a beginning I would like to examine the catalyzer used in this experiment.
First, we will talk to Doctor Benjamin Burns.
At first, the trainees were awkward in his company.
First, he finished his thesis.
The first thing he did was to untie his shoelaces and take his shoes off.
The first question we must raise is whether a cultural barrier existed between those groups.
Mr Gray was the first man that arrived.
First come, first served.
Whoever comes first will get the best seats.
It was I that came here first.
We began with the soup.
The first thing to do was call for the doctor.
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
First, put the right hand out.
Please tell me what I should do first.
The first point to be discussed is whether segregation existed in this district.
The student who finishes the examination first does not always get the best grade.
Cursed be he that first invented war.
The first thing that caught his eye was a fingerprint on the glass.
It was Jane who came first.
At first he had difficulty telling one student from another.
I didn't like her at first, but now I do.
The first group studies in the morning, and the second group studies in the afternoon.
At first, the boy didn't pay much attention to my advice.
At first, I had difficulty understanding people when they spoke too fast.
I remember the first time.
In the opening paragraphs I query the validity of so-called supply-side economic strategies.
The first step is always the hardest.
The first printing machine was invented by Gutenberg.
Take the first turn to right and then go straight on.
Turn at the first corner to the right.
Please turn left at the first corner.
The first item is a motion proposed by the Education Committee.
This road should have already been completed according to the original plan.
The revenues for the first month of 2011 exceed 1 000 000 yen.
The first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan.
The first attack missed the target.
After the first letter the other came easily.
How does the first article run?
Turn left at the first light.
Do I turn left at the first stoplight?
When they had their first baby, they had been married for 10 years.
The first batter was caught out.
Take the first street to the right.
The first electric calculator came into existence toward the end of the 19th century.
At first many things seemed different, but I soon got involved in my new life.
At first I didn't like ballet, but I've come to like it by degrees.
At first everybody was convinced of his innocence.
What seems easy at first often turns out to be difficult.
At first, I didn't know what to do.
Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.
At first, I couldn't understand what he said.
At first they drove through streets of small, gray houses.
At first I tried to write everything down in my notebook.
No one believed me at first.
He looked unfriendly at first.
I didn't recognize him at first.
At first I didn't like him, but I do now.
I didn't believe him at first.
At first, I couldn't make out what he was saying.
He was shy at first.
He didn't like her at first.
At first, Meg was homesick.
At first, I couldn't play the guitar.
At first I was not sure which one I wanted, but afterwards I decided on this red one.
I didn't know what to do first.
At first, I thought he was a teacher, but he wasn't.
I overlooked the mistakes in your paper the first time I read it.
Some plants grow well with a minimum of care.
The best is behind.
The finest wines are those from France.
There is a restaurant on the top floor.
Senior students have access to the library at weekends.
Please send me your latest catalogue.
It seems I have misplaced your last mail.
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
The girl drawing a picture in the first row is my niece.
Can I have a seat in the stalls?
Take such steps as you think best.
It is good to do your best.
I will do my best.
If you do your best, no one will blame you.
Let's hope for the best.
Had I done my best, I might have succeeded.
Do your best, and you will succeed.
Do your best!
I'll do my best, but I'll not be able to finish it before Thursday at best.
If you do your best, you will succeed.
Maximum length: 200 words.
The largest English dictionary has over 450,000 words.
The greatest happiness lies in freedom.
Drive with the utmost care.
Mark your maximum efforts.
We are making all efforts possible to deal with the nuclear crisis.
Give it your all, and you won't be sorry later.
I am working with full steam.
Please come to the counter at least an hour before your flight.
Please estimate your best price and the earliest delivery date.
The minimum wage has hardly budged as of late.
Great care has been taken to use only the finest ingredients.
I am inconvenienced when my wife is away.
If it had not been for his wife, he would not have changed his job.
His wife being out, he cooked dinner for himself.
My wife keeps the household accounts.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
I worked in my study after my wife had gone to bed.
It is their husbands' faults if wives do fall.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
The bus had left by the time my wife finished dressing.
I decided to wait at the station until my wife came.
Jim sometimes has disagreements with his wife.
My wife and children depend on me.
I constantly quarrel with my wife.
My wife and I like to go out for Chinese food once in a while.
My wife has faults. None the less, I love her.
My wife's constant nagging is getting me down.
I'm looking for a bag for my wife.
He took to drinking after his wife left him.
My wife's constant nagging really gets on my nerves.
A wife's activities are confined to domestic matters.
Without his wife's money, he would never be a director.
The untimely death of my wife has brought down the curtain on over 50 years of happily married life.
He did not even raise an eyebrow at the news of his wife's death.
My wife has had it in for me since I forgot her birthday.
My wife had a hard time getting into the swing of our new life in America.
My wife is always complaining about something.
My wife has just cleared the table.
My wife works part time.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night, and neither do I.
My wife spends money as if I were the richest man in town.
My wife is a good manager.
My wife remembered having been in the town before.
My wife used to stay home, but she works now.
My wife is possessed with the desire to buy a house.
My wife likes to eat out and so she doesn't have to cook.
My wife died of cancer.
My wife is subject to moods.
My wife looked surprised.
After getting married, my wife put on five pounds.
My wife is suffering from pneumonia.
My wife gets on well with my mother.
My wife talked me into buying a new car.
My wife tried to persuade me into buying a new car.
My wife goes to the village market to buy foods every day.
My wife deliberated whether we would buy a new house or not.
My wife is ignorant of the world.
My wife shuddered at the sight of a one-eyed cat.
My wife went on a two-day trip.
His wife ran a hot bath for him.
A wife can have property independent of her husband.
Wives usually outlive husbands.
My wife gave me a sign from across the room.
My wife is liable to catch a cold.
My wife is getting tired of the daily routine.
My wife wanted to adopt a child.
My wife suggested to me that I take her on the trip.
I'm looking for a gift for my wife.
Hoping to cheer up his wife, Tom bought her a beautiful pearl necklace.
I talked my wife out of buying a new car.
I hurried to the station as I had kept my wife waiting.
Wife and children are hostages given to fortune.
Hatoyama says that he supports his family by gambling on horse racing.
She is as wise as fair.
You can't keep a good man down.
You shouldn't give up just because you have no talent.
One's talent is in need of discipline.
She just hides her light under a bushel.
Want of wit is worse than want of gear.
There was no one in the mine when it blew up.
Did you mark the papers?
If we decide to hire you, you will hear from us.
In order to get the soil ready for planting you must plow it.
The year stole by.
Age, like distance, lends a double charm.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Revenues are growing, but not as fast as costs.
Excuse me. Can I get by here?
Don't worry about what you've done.
Bring it back when you are through.
You can critique it all you want and it won't change a thing. It's over.
Turn your misfortune to account.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
Good comes out of evil.
A string of disasters struck the region.
The fort was attacked by surprise.
The festival came to an end.
When a holiday falls on Sunday, we have an extra holiday on Monday.
Do you remember Mr Saito?
Let's not quibble over trivial matters.
Don't split hairs.
He who minds his Ps and Qs will not forget to dot the "i's" and cross his "t's", when writing.
Let's arrange the details later.
A fine rain was falling.
You may leave out the details.
Particles of dust float in the atmosphere.
Love me lithe, love me long.
Germs can cause sickness.
Germs can only be seen with the aid of a microscope.
Germs are too tiny for our eyes to see.
Muriel is living poorly off of her part-time job.
They made a whip out of cords.
Remember to cross your t's.
Do you have a special menu for vegetarians?
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes?
Let's take it to court.
The trial lasted for ten consecutive days.
The lawsuit is likely to end in our defeat.
Judgment requires impartiality.
The court session lasted for three hours.
Suspending the trial is out of the question.
The judge pronounced him "guilty", and now he must face the music of a sentence in prison.
Discretion is proper to judges.
Mr. Yappari appealed to the judge for mercy.
The judge concluded that the prisoner was innocent.
The judge took into consideration the fact that it was his first offense.
The judge concluded that the prisoner was guilty.
The judge pardoned the prisoner a year of his sentence.
The judge made no bones about his disgust with the accused's actions and handed down the severest sentence possible.
The judge laughed in spite of himself.
The judge decided against the plaintiff.
The judge sentenced him to a jail term of five years.
The judge condemned him to death.
Will the judge fine him heavily?
The judge sentenced him to a fine.
The judge disposed of the case in short order.
The judge charged the audience to be silent.
The courts administer the law.
The attitude of the court toward young criminals is different from its attitude toward adult criminals.
The court called on the lawyer to give evidence.
The court decreed that the charge be paid.
The court adjudged him not guilty.
The court decreed that she should pay the fine.
The judge called for a recess of two hours.
The presiding judge sentenced the defendant to death.
The presiding judge was touched by pity for the accused.
I had a close shave.
That was a close shave.
I'm afraid we are out of stock.
The supplies are beginning to give out.
What's the material?
The punishment should be in proportion to the crime.
The guilt manifests itself on his face.
The wages of sin is death.
If you commit a crime, you must be punished.
The criminal was sent to the gallows.
The criminal pleaded with him to change his mind.
What we have is one thing and what we are is quite another.
The fortune was divided among the three brothers.
The property was divided equally among the heirs.
The property passed from father to son.
Don't make such a parade of your wealth.
He exploited his position to build up his fortune.
I succeed to a fortune.
The division of the property was a bone of contention between the brothers.
He that marries for wealth sells his liberty.
Financial experts don't know what to make of this trend.
Financial reforms may ameliorate the current economic difficulties.
Some developing countries are faced with financial crises.
The financial situation is getting worse week by week.
Reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government.
A common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds.
Financial support is given to them.
Gold prices are skyrocketing in the wake of financial instability.
A heavy purse makes a light heart.
My wallet and passport are missing.
I put my money in a purse.
There was no money left in my wallet.
I have no more money in my wallet.
Empty the purse into this bag.
We have to be careful with expenses.
I examined the purse again, and found it empty.
I'm looking for a wallet.
Put away your wallet.
I lost my wallet somewhere around here.
All that day my father was out of humor because he had lost his wallet.
Don't put the wallet on the top of the heater.
Who holds the purse, rules the house.
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home.
He said that he had left his purse at home and asked me if I could lend him 1,000 yen.
When I felt for my pocketbook I found it was gone.
Will you help me look for my purse?
Don't lose your purse.
With respect to financial matters, Mr Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
Kounosuke Sakazaki belongs to "THE ALFEE".
Keep up the good work, Mr. Sakamoto.
Hanshin's moment of glory didn't last. They fell out of first place in a hurry.
In the Hanshin earthquake, the ground shook for a long time.
A Mr Sakaki has come to see you.
There is a river between Saitama and Chiba.
Was it difficult to make?
Much as I admire him as a writer, I don't like him as a man.
As a writer, she does not fit into any of the traditional categories.
Writers often refer to a dictionary.
Writers draw on their imagination.
Every writer writes in the way that accords with his own idiosyncrasies.
The writer does not always present life as it is.
Workers must have their hair cut short.
We saw laborers blasting rocks.
The workers are wiring the new house.
You must be creative in composing a piece of music.
Which of the composers do you like best?
Composers create music.
You have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author.
The author expresses his passion for his love.
High operating temperatures shorten lubricant life.
I read in the newspaper recently that the crops really need rain.
It was believed that the success of their crops depended on the way the players threw or kicked the ball during the game.
The crop was blasted by the severe winter.
The crops have withered.
Have you finished writing your composition?
What is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear.
Personal liberty is diminishing nowadays.
Nowadays prices of commodities are very high.
Last year, we had frequent disasters.
We had a spell of fine weather last autumn.
I just got back from the States yesterday, so I'm still thinking in English.
I built an amplifier yesterday.
A ship sank near here yesterday.
The Giants got clobbered yesterday.
The bat was stolen yesterday, along with the balls.
I saw Shinichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
Yesterday I was on my way home from work when I ran smack into my old girlfriend.
I had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday.
Did you work yesterday?
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen.
Yesterday I ran across her at the station.
As I returned from school yesterday, I was caught in a sudden shower.
I met a famous scholar at the airport yesterday.
Yesterday I went to the store to get my watch checked.
I called at my uncle's house yesterday.
Yesterday, as I was walking along the street, I saw an accident.
Yesterday my bicycle was stolen while I was doing some shopping.
When I saw my uncle yesterday, he told me that he had returned from London three days before.
Who was it that broke the window yesterday?
Someone called on her yesterday.
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
I had some trouble finding her house yesterday.
She slept more than ten hours yesterday.
She came across Jack yesterday.
She was sick in bed yesterday.
I went to a sale with my mother yesterday and kept hounding her to buy me a dress.
I took a paid day off yesterday.
Yesterday a car fell over the cliff.
The second term came to an end yesterday.
I remember posting your letter yesterday.
You played tennis yesterday.
I had intended to visit you yesterday.
The company's stock price jumped yesterday.
I didn't get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
I met a student from America yesterday.
I met her by chance at a restaurant yesterday.
Yesterday I hit on a good idea.
How many eggs could you get yesterday?
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday.
I had some engine trouble yesterday.
I am sorry to learn you called at my home yesterday while I was out.
Didn't I lend you some money yesterday?
It happened that I was out when you called yesterday.
It has been raining since yesterday.
It has been cold since yesterday.
It has rained since yesterday.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
I had curry and rice last night.
I met Ken yesterday.
It was I who met Masako here yesterday.
Go and find the driver who arrived here yesterday.
He told me that he had gone there.
The woman who came here yesterday is Miss Yamada.
It was Mary that bought this skirt yesterday.
Who was it that bought this skirt yesterday?
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday.
Yesterday a pedestrian was run over by a truck at this pedestrian crossing.
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
The Giants beat the Lions yesterday.
A welcome party was held in honor of Mr Jones.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Jones yesterday.
It's me that went there yesterday.
No students went there yesterday.
The house was struck by lightning yesterday.
Yesterday, a thief entered the house.
Who was it that bought those pictures yesterday?
I was to have finished the work yesterday.
I ought to have written the letter yesterday.
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday.
If only I had known the answer yesterday!
We had a lot of rain yesterday.
I read a lot in my diary yesterday.
I got tickets yesterday.
I went to Disneyland yesterday.
I went to the department store to do some shopping yesterday.
We saw an interesting program on television yesterday.
Yesterday, Tom was injured in a motorbike accident, so he can't attend gym class for the time being.
Yesterday a truck hit this wall.
We did not get your letter until yesterday.
Not until yesterday did I know of the event.
It was not until yesterday that I noticed it.
Not until yesterday did I know about it.
It wasn't until yesterday that I heard the news.
It was not until yesterday that I knew her name.
It was only yesterday that I realized what she really meant.
Only yesterday did I know the fact.
Not until yesterday did I know the truth.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the news.
It was not until yesterday that I heard about the accident.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the fact.
It was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing.
At 10 o'clock yesterday, there were hundreds of people outside.
The lecture you gave yesterday was a masterpiece.
Are you still letting last night's fight bother you? That's so naive.
There was a large audience at yesterday's concert.
I might have done well on yesterday's test, but I do not know the results yet.
Somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday.
Every now and then she called home during the party last night.
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
There was a light rain yesterday.
All the members were not present at the meeting yesterday.
Trading was slow today after yesterday's market decline.
Yesterday's turnover on the stock market was 500 million shares.
Did you take part in the discussion yesterday?
The main race yesterday was no surprise. That's the kind of race you can bank on.
I spent all yesterday afternoon cleaning my room.
Whom did you visit yesterday afternoon?
I was watching TV at this time yesterday.
What were you doing about this time yesterday?
Did you see the Giants' game yesterday?
I will clean up yesterday's work.
The questions in yesterday's examination were far easier than I had expected.
Waseda tied Keio in yesterday's game.
What were yesterday's chief events?
Yesterday's board meeting was a ten-strike!
It seems that much damage was done by yesterday's battle.
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?
It rained hard yesterday morning.
Yesterday morning I saw many birds.
It was very cold yesterday morning.
An enemy yesterday can be a friend today.
I had a good time last evening.
Did you hear my show last night?
The dream of yesterday is the hope of today.
I surfed the net late last night.
There was a special sneak preview last night.
Where were you last night?
Last night there was a fire near here, and I couldn't sleep.
We were so tired that we turned in about 9:00 last night.
The buildings were damaged by the storm last night.
It was cloudy yesterday.
Yesterday I didn't have anything to do so I was just lolling around all day long.
It rained hard yesterday.
My computer was down yesterday.
Did anybody call on you yesterday?
It rained all day long yesterday, so I stayed home.
I slept all day yesterday.
Having been busy all day yesterday, I feel very tired this morning.
I only shot four bull's-eyes yesterday.
It was not very cold yesterday.
I was too sick to go to school yesterday.
Quite a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
I got blind drunk last night - so drunk I don't even know how I got home.
I heard about the accident for the first time yesterday.
I read the book up to page 80 yesterday.
I spent yesterday reading instead of going out.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
It was very cold last night, so we didn't go outside, but stayed indoors.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
It was very windy yesterday.
I was very busy yesterday.
The weather was miserable yesterday.
We had nice weather yesterday.
Did you have a good night last night?
It was raining off and on all day yesterday.
It rained all day yesterday.
I learned English words by heart all day yesterday.
I worked hard all day long yesterday.
It rained yesterday, but it cleared up this morning.
It was raining yesterday.
What time did you go to bed last night?
How many people came to the zoo yesterday?
I had a good time yesterday.
I asked him if he had enjoyed himself the day before.
Did you have a good time yesterday?
It was cold yesterday.
It was cold yesterday, but it is still colder today.
Was it cold yesterday?
The temperature fell five degrees centigrade below zero yesterday.
As I was free after a long interval yesterday, I enjoyed playing tennis with my friends.
A strong wind blew yesterday.
I missed you very much yesterday.
It was colder yesterday than today.
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday.
I wrote a lot in my diary yesterday.
It was hot yesterday.
Yesterday it was neither too warm nor too cold. It was an ideal day for taking a walk.
It snowed hard yesterday.
It just was not my day yesterday.
There was no wind at all yesterday.
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.
We had a heavy rain yesterday.
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
I had a very productive day of cooking yesterday; I made soup, biscuits, and two pies.
We had bad weather yesterday.
The weather was very bad yesterday.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
It was Sunday yesterday.
I stayed at his place yesterday.
Yesterday he was seriously ill, but today he is much better.
Yesterday she stayed at home instead of going out.
I was ill yesterday but I am feeling fine today!
Not only were there strong winds yesterday, but also it rained heavily.
Yesterday was my birthday.
I didn't dream last night.
I bought a pig in a poke yesterday.
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday.
It had been raining for week until yesterday.
I had never talked with Cathy until yesterday.
Everyone laughed at me yesterday.
It was this skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
What was it that Mary bought yesterday?
Yesterday Mary stayed home all day.
Yesterday Mary gave me a book the cover of which was blue.
I feel much worse today than yesterday.
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.
The engagement of Mr Rogers and Miss Smith was announced yesterday.
Yesterday I went to see Robert, whose father is a pilot.
It was unfortunate that it rained yesterday.
I ran across an old friend when I went to the movies yesterday.
We were planning to go to the cinema last night, but everyone was tired, so we ended up watching a movie at home instead.
We had an examination in English yesterday.
Yesterday I ran across him at the station.
What happened to you yesterday?
Don't you know what happened yesterday?
It rained yesterday after it had been dry for many months.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday.
Yesterday a fire broke out near my house.
I remember seeing you last year.
The man I saw yesterday was a complete gentleman.
I was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work.
It was because I was ill that I couldn't go to school yesterday.
You played hooky yesterday?
Tell me the reason for your absence from school yesterday.
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home.
What did you say in relation to what happened yesterday?
Yesterday I met an old friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.
I took a day off yesterday and went on a picnic.
I got my pay yesterday.
A burglar broke into the shop yesterday.
Last night saw a fire in my neighborhood.
My brother married his friend's sister last year.
The police called on Mary yesterday.
Give me the reason for which you were absent yesterday.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
It was his car, not mine, that broke down yesterday.
His employer dismissed him yesterday.
There weren't any children in the park yesterday.
Yesterday, there was a terrible accident on the highway.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway yesterday.
The pencil I lost yesterday was an old one.
The pen which I lost yesterday was a new one.
The restaurant where we had dinner yesterday isn't very good.
We celebrated our tenth wedding anniversary yesterday.
We cleared the street of snow yesterday.
An old friend of mine visited yesterday.
I cannot tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
A male friend of mine called on me yesterday.
Yesterday, I had an old friend of mine call on me in my absence.
I borrowed the dictionary from my friend.
Was it Mr Yamada that came to see me during my absence yesterday?
Yesterday I saw a man who was crying bitterly.
I met an old friend of mine at a bookshop yesterday.
I remember posting the letter yesterday.
I was free from work yesterday.
Yesterday I had my bicycle stolen.
The other day I met an old friend on the street.
Yesterday, I was invited to dinner by him.
I talked with him over the telephone yesterday.
Yesterday, I had him take my photograph.
I was on the air for two hours yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower.
Did you mail the letter yesterday or today?
My uncle dropped in on me yesterday.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
I ate too much food yesterday.
Something I ate yesterday disagreed with me.
The fish I ate yesterday did not agree with me.
I bought a new personal computer yesterday.
I got a new jacket yesterday.
The water was cut off yesterday.
Several boys had to leave school early yesterday.
I couldn't get the tickets yesterday.
I hung the laundry out to dry last night and by morning it had frozen hard as a rock.
It was Tom that broke the window yesterday.
I wish I had gone with the others to the game yesterday.
We had a storm yesterday.
Yesterday we went into a huge maze.
There was a big fire last night.
He drank hard yesterday.
The speech made by the president yesterday delighted his supporters.
A stranger phoned me yesterday.
We had an earthquake last night.
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.
I met my friend on the street.
If the weather had been nice yesterday, we would have gone to the zoo.
A Mr. Tanaka came to see you yesterday.
If only she had been home when I called yesterday!
If only she had been home when I called yesterday.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I had a bad headache yesterday. That was why I was absent.
I bought it yesterday.
He dropped in on me yesterday.
Did you call him up yesterday?
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he had left the hospital a week before.
His bag was stolen yesterday.
He opened a bottle of whiskey at his home yesterday.
I called at his house yesterday.
I called at his office yesterday.
Where did he go yesterday?
He delivered a very long speech yesterday.
Yesterday he missed the train to Sapporo.
Yesterday he came back late.
He may have met her yesterday.
Yesterday they didn't play tennis, because it rained.
I had a letter from her yesterday.
She enjoyed herself at the party yesterday.
She stayed at home all day long yesterday.
She packed yesterday, so as to be ready early today.
Yesterday she sat for the entrance examination.
She made believe not to hear him yesterday.
A sad accident took place yesterday.
I flew to Osaka yesterday.
Yesterday I went to the hairdresser's.
I went to the hospital yesterday.
My father had a heart attack yesterday, but he was lucky to have a clinic close at hand.
I received a letter from my mother yesterday.
I bought a book yesterday.
Mr Mitsue dropped in on me yesterday.
We went to see a movie with my friend yesterday.
The girl that came yesterday was a stranger to me.
The same man that came yesterday is here again.
Tell me the reason you didn't come yesterday.
You should have come yesterday.
I had an ache in my arm yesterday.
I came to see Dr. King last year.
When I attended a Japanese high school last July, I was impressed with what I saw.
Last year, he spent three months at sea.
Spring has come early this year compared with last year.
Spring has come later this year compared with last year.
Have you had a thorough medical checkup within the last year?
Skirts last year reached just below the knees.
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.
How often did you go swimming last summer?
We had a lot of snow about this time last year.
What were the chief events of last year?
Last year's growth of income was 5% after inflation.
Last year's output of coal fell short of the standard.
Steel production is estimated to have reached 100 million tons last year.
Steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year.
There was a modest rise in prices last year.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
It was exceptionally cold last summer, and the rice crop was the worst in 10 years.
We had much rain last year.
We had a bad rice crop last year because it rained a lot.
Our garden produced an abundance of cabbages last year.
There were a lot of murders last year.
Last year, there were more births than deaths.
We went into the red last year.
We had plenty of snow last year.
The nation's trade balance improved last year as exports were strong, while imports remained steady.
Imports exceeded exports last year.
An abundance of rice was produced last year.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6000 people.
Prices have been rising since last year.
When I was in London last year, someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
We have not heard from him since last year.
George was laid off when his company cut back production last year.
The building built last year is very big.
Last year I returned home and was surprised to find both the village and the people completely changed.
Last year when I was in the United States, I had almost no opportunity to speak Japanese.
Last year, my brother was late for school every day.
Last year, I saw at least fifty films.
A bicycle race was held in Nagoya last year.
Profit on computers for the previous year was nearly ten percent higher than the current year.
I experienced intense cold at the South Pole last year.
Last year saw a big political change in Japan.
Last year, he failed two of his final examinations.
Could you get the train at 11 last night?
The airplane took off for London last night.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday evening.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
We had words again last night, so today we're not speaking.
Last night we enjoyed talking over our high school days.
My car was stolen last night.
I was very tired last night.
I wish I had gone to the theater last night.
Last evening I was rung up by an old college friend whom I had not heard from for years.
She gave a rich dinner for us in her garden last night.
I went to bed at twelve last night.
A man called on you last night.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party last evening.
The fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson.
It was cool, not to say, cold last night.
He asked me if I had slept well the night before.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
Last night it was so hot that I couldn't sleep well.
Were you at home last night?
I enjoyed myself last night.
I worked hard till late last night, so I'll have to catch some z's after lunch if it's possible.
I couldn't sleep last night.
The temperature fell below zero last night.
I wrote a love letter last night.
I don't know what went on last night, but they're not speaking to each other this morning.
A fire broke out last night.
I had a terrible dream last night.
What did you do last evening?
We had a heavy rain last night.
Some burglars broke into my house last night.
I drank beer last night.
It may have rained a little last night.
Those oysters I ate last night didn't agree with me.
The bed I slept in last night wasn't very comfortable.
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television.
He dropped in at my house last night.
He dropped in on me last night.
I parted from her last night.
She had a touch of a cold last night.
While cleaning my room yesterday evening, I happened to find an old photograph of my mother.
A fire broke out in the supermarket last night.
Last night I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
Last night, we watched the stars from the rooftop.
The thermometer registered minus ten last night.
What happened last night?
I had a horrible dream last night.
The traffic accident delayed the cars last night.
My sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night.
Last night I began to nod off in front of the TV.
I had a pleasant dream last night.
Last night I went to bed late after writing a letter.
I had my watch stolen last night.
There was a big earthquake last night.
Did you feel an earthquake last night?
He asked after you last night.
Last night he came to the party with Jane.
He had a bit of a cold last night.
I forgot to call her last night.
She read a cookbook last night.
Last night Mr A called me up to say he could not attend today's meeting.
Did you watch TV last night?
The danger of AIDS came home to me when I saw a documentary film on it last night.
It has been raining on and off since last night.
It has been snowing off and on since last night.
A child was run over here last night.
A fire broke out in this neighborhood last night.
The bank was held up last night.
What did you watch on television last night?
We watched the baseball game on TV last night.
The news finally reached me last night.
It was not until last night that I got the news.
I'm still haunted by a vivid nightmare I had last night.
Last night's concert was disappointing.
I enjoyed myself at the party last night.
The river is flowing very fast after last night's rain.
At the meeting last night the problem gave rise to heated discussion.
He caught a nasty cold because he stayed up late last night.
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
Where were you making for last night?
I spent two hours reading a book last night.
Where on earth did you go last night?
When did you go to bed last night?
I couldn't sleep well last night.
The Giants had a close game with the Dragons last night.
I sat up last night until two o'clock watching the Olympic Games on TV.
I did not watch TV but studied English last night.
I enjoyed myself very much last night.
It was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night.
We played cards last night.
Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?
Did you eat something last night?
It rained hard last night.
I slept little last night.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so I don't feel well.
You didn't sleep well last night, did you?
Last year I listened to radio.
I could not sleep much last night.
It was raining last night.
What time did you shut the shop up last night?
We had a nice time last night.
I didn't have a good time last night.
It was cold last night, yet he didn't wear a coat.
We had heavy rainfall last night.
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
It was hot last night.
It was sultry last night.
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.
There was a heavy rain last night.
Last night, I was so tired that I fell asleep with the TV on.
Last night, I indulged in reading the book he lent me.
I sat up reading till late last night.
We had a lively party last night.
I slept well last night.
Last night Mary met John here and said that her brother would meet you here this afternoon.
It may have rained last night.
There was a fire near the train station last night.
Last night someone broke into the small shop near my house.
My house was broken into last night.
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.
Last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory.
Going home last night, I saw her again.
A burglar broke into the shop last night.
There was a big fire near my house last night.
Last night a fire broke out in my neighborhood, and an old woman was burnt to death.
Were you out last night?
We had no choice but to call the police last night.
I ran into my friend at the theater last night.
Last night, I heard dogs howling.
Did you enjoy the movie you saw last night?
We watched TV last night.
I studied last night.
A young man broke into my house last night.
It was not until last night that I heard the news.
I should have gone to bed earlier last night.
It was a vase that my son broke last night.
I spoke to him on the phone last night.
Last night, his grandfather passed away in the hospital.
He was so cranky last night.
She dreamed a happy dream last night.
She was a bundle of nerves last night.
Craft must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
The trick worked beautifully.
The cherry blossoms are at their best.
It's too early in the year for cherry blossoms to be out.
The cherry trees are about to blossom.
The cherry trees are planted on either side of the road.
The cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
The cherry trees are getting ready to bloom.
The cherry trees are in full blossom.
The cherry blossom season brings crowds of people to parks.
It is apt to get either cloudy or windy when the cherry-blossoms are in full bloom.
Cherry blossoms last only for days, a week at the most.
The cherry blossoms are at their best in April.
The cherry trees are in full bloom now.
Cherry blossoms last only for a few days, a week at the most.
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.
There was a cherry tree growing in the garden.
The cherry trees are in full bloom.
The cherry blossoms will be out in April.
The cherry blossoms are at their best this week.
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.
The cherry blossoms were at their best.
Salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
The picture will finish shooting in three days.
Someone stole my wallet.
The contents of the wallet were missing.
I will send a letter to my brother who lives in Sapporo.
I went to Sapporo on business and went over budget.
I'm from Sapporo.
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.
I have visited Sapporo several times on business.
The killers stole up on him.
Hit men are a popular subject for TV movies.
Kill me! Kill me! Kill all of me!
The motive for the murder is not yet known.
Having been convicted of murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
The murder happened between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
Murder is a wicked crime.
Murder is against the law.
Murder and robbery are criminal acts.
Murder is punished by death.
There has been an increase in the number of murders.
The killer remained at large for weeks.
The murderer was arrested on the spot.
The murderer hasn't been arrested yet.
The murderer will soon confess his crime.
The murderer was executed.
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.
The funds are not sufficient for running a grocery.
Would you like a newspaper or magazine?
I want you to put the magazines, pamphlets and whatnot aside.
What is the use of reading magazines?
The magazines are piled up next to the table.
Give me some kind of magazines, will you?
Bring me the magazines.
Shall I bring a magazine?
Weeds sprang up in the garden.
Weeds will soon outgrow the flowers.
Ill weeds are sure to thrive.
We have to get rid of weeds.
Sharks are infamous for their blood thirsty natures.
The dish fell on the floor with a crash.
The plate slipped from her hand and crashed to the floor.
The dishes crashed to the floor.
The dishes can be washed in half an hour.
Will you put the dishes away in the cupboard?
Let me help you with the dishes.
Will you help me wash the dishes?
I usually do the dishes.
I'll let you off doing the dishes.
I'll wash the dishes.
The child is father to the man.
Add two to three, and you get five.
Mr Miura brought an action of libel against a weekly magazine.
Please find the area of the triangle.
It will become much warmer in March.
Mixture of the three primary colors creates black.
Children under three are admitted free of charge.
Would three o'clock be all right?
The three batters were struck out quickly.
About three weeks.
Would you mind sparing me thirty minutes of the day?
The three brothers must help one another.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr Smith is the best.
The three boys looked at one another.
The three boys had only two dollars among them.
Of the three boys, Bill behaves most politely.
Mary is the least studious of the three.
Let's all think on this together and we might be able to come up with some good ideas. They say two heads are better than one.
Yukio Mishima killed himself in 1970.
The three-day discussion was worthwhile.
It poured for three days.
It kept raining for three days.
The weather stayed fine for three days.
It has been raining for three days on end.
I ran into an old friend three days ago.
I lived three years in Paris during which time I learned French.
She walked out on her boyfriend after three years of abuse.
The third and most important idea is that of reentry.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
Close your eyes for three minutes.
She has fallen so low as to sing at a third-rate night club.
Saburo snatched up all the snacks that were sitting on the table.
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.
If you need an umbrella I'll lend you one.
You can borrow an umbrella if you need one.
Umbrellas sell well.
May I share your umbrella?
If you have an umbrella, let me join you under it.
I put up my umbrella.
I've got to take an umbrella with me.
It was wise of him to take his umbrella.
You'd better take an umbrella.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
I forgot to bring my umbrella with me.
You needn't have brought your umbrella.
Take your umbrella with you.
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
I left an umbrella behind.
It was careless of me to leave my umbrella in the train.
I have left my umbrella in the phone booth.
I closed my umbrella.
See to that you do not leave your umbrella behind.
I have lost my umbrella.
Now I'm done for.
I ask you, he's been cheating me!
If you cannot join us, please reply.
I regret not being able to join you.
There's no membership fee for joining.
It is imperative that we should encourage participatory forms of decision-making.
The list of participants is as follows.
The participants were for the most part women.
The participants accused him of carelessness.
The visitor asked the class a question.
Visitors may not feed the animals.
The Upper House seems bent on defeating any reform bills.
Please send me a catalogue for review.
I want to look at the reference books.
The mountains are reflected in the lake.
It's invigorating to breathe the brisk, fresh mountain air.
You cannot be careful in the mountains.
I anticipated a quiet vacation in the mountains.
There are big faces on it.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
The air of hills is cooler than that of plains.
The air in the mountain is fresh and clean.
There is a village over the mountain.
The sun descended behind the mountains.
It is warmer over the mountains.
Seen from the top of the hill, the island is very beautiful.
Shout it from the mountaintops.
We saw clouds above the mountain.
The top of the mountain was covered with snow.
All the snow on the mountain has disappeared.
Have you ever seen a bear in the mountain?
The air is very pure in the mountains.
The summit of the mountain is covered with fresh snow.
The top of the mountain is covered with snow.
How about walking to the top of the hill?
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily.
In the mountains it is not until the end of April that the snow disappears completely from the ground.
If it's going to take four hours from the foot of the mountain to the top, let's forget it.
Mountains look better viewed from a distance.
The mountain is not valuable because it is high.
The mountains lay covered with deep snow.
The mountain was covered with snow.
Mountains are not necessarily green.
The mountain glowed with the sunset tints.
There is a school down the mountain.
They dug through the mountain and built a tunnel.
A tunnel has been bored through the mountain.
A new tunnel has been dug through the mountain.
They drove a tunnel through the hill.
A mountain fire broke out and burnt the forest.
In the mountain area, snow has fallen more than fifty centimeters deep.
The weather is more changeable in mountain regions than in any other district.
The mountains are red against the blue sky.
We spent a night at the mountain hut.
The hut is below the peak.
The bandits made a raid on the village.
Mr. Yamanaka looks young for his age.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
The view from the mountain top was spectacular.
The sunrise from the mountaintop was beautiful beyond description.
To see the sunrise from a mountaintop is a delight.
The top of the hill was bare.
The air on top of the mountain was very thin.
Mr Yamada, may I introduce Miss Lloyd?
Mr Yamada, you are wanted on the phone.
Ms. Yamada translated the fascinating fairy tale into plain Japanese.
I'm going to meet Mr Yamada at the Sakura Hotel tomorrow at 6 p.m.
Talking of Mr Yamada, do you know what has become of his son?
I made several calls to Mr Yamada's residence, but no one answered the calls.
Mr Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Mr Yamada frowned on the estimate presented by a travel agency.
The Yamadas live in a flat below this one.
Nobody knows what has become of Yamada.
The win-loss record between Yamada and me is fifty-fifty.
Yamada tried hard to keep his anger against his boss in check.
It was very considerate of Mr Yamada to send his secretary a bouquet of flowers on her birthday.
Mr Yamada was kind enough to drive me home.
Mr Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Miss Yamada is in charge of the 2nd year class this year.
Mr Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
Is Mr Yamada a physics or a chemistry teacher?
Mr. and Mrs. Yamada will come home next month.
The rope broke when we were climbing the mountain.
Yamamoto is one of my friends.
Ms. Yamamoto teaches us English.
After thinking long and hard, I put the plan into practice.
You had better have your hair cut.
I would like to have my hair cut.
Do you like giving haircuts?
It is time you had a haircut!
I feel like taking a walk.
While I was taking a walk, someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I feel fresh after a walk.
Let's take a walk.
How about going for a walk?
How about taking a walk?
Won't you go for a walk?
It was an ideal day for walking.
Do you feel like going out for a walk?
Shall I go for a walk?
How about a walk?
I suggested going for a walk.
Can I go for a walk?
I felt like going out for a walk.
May I go out for a walk?
How about going out for a walk?
I would rather stay at home than go out for a walk.
Would you care to go for a walk?
How was your walk?
What do you say to going for a walk?
Walking is an excellent exercise.
Walking is good exercise.
I took a walk.
There is nothing like a walk.
After her maternity leave, she resumed her old job.
I'm amazed by the rate at which industries grow.
Industrialization often goes hand in hand with pollution.
Industrial activity is brisk.
The Industrial Revolution took place first in England.
Local finance are bankrolling the industrial promotion program.
Industrial wastes pollute the earth.
Education about birth control might help cut down on adolescent pregnancies.
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
Silkworms spin cocoons.
All those in favor held up their hands.
The acid ate into the metal.
Acid acts on metals.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
Acids act on many things including metals.
Acids act on metals.
Acid eats into metal.
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.
You cannot burn anything without oxygen.
Lack of oxygen is fatal to most animals.
You can't live without oxygen.
Oxygen and hydrogen make water.
Oxygen is taken into our lungs when we breathe.
Eat and drink up.
There was nothing left over.
If there is any left, give me some.
All that was left was the opening.
The last three blocks! Come on! Cheer up!
Those who want to remain may do so.
Would you please send the remaining five units right away?
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.
I plan to work the rest of the summer.
I'll do the rest of the work another time.
The rest of the personnel were fired without notice.
I resolved to spend the rest of my life pursuing my ideals.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Keep the rest for yourself.
Please bring the others.
I'd like to be paid the balance in change.
The sands are running out.
There is little time left.
We will pay this amount by June 30.
Could you tell me my balance?
I'd like to find out my bank balance.
Cruelty is quite alien to his nature.
Following urination I feel as though I still have to go more.
I'm sorry I have no pencil to write with.
I'm afraid you can't marry her.
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.
I am sorry your plan counts for nothing.
I'm afraid I have to disagree with you about this project.
I know how you feel, but it's over.
That's too bad. We're going to have cake after lunch.
I'm sorry to say I don't get much done.
I'm afraid I can't.
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.
I'm sorry I cannot go with you.
Sorry, I must stay at home today.
Sorry, but I have to work tonight.
I'm sorry I have a previous appointment.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I'm afraid I am not at liberty to do that.
I'm afraid your prediction was wide of the mark.
Unfortunately, you won't get anything done in that office unless you grease someone's palm.
Unfortunately it will be impossible for us to accept your proposal.
It's too bad but we got pummeled at the soccer match.
Sorry, but it looks like I'm booked up on that day.
Unfortunately, full employment can no longer be taken for granted.
I'm afraid we can't go on Monday.
I am sorry, but I cannot meet your requirement.
Regrettably, we have not received your reply.
It's a pity that I have no ear for music.
Regrettably, this self-centered behavior is absorbed by their children.
I am afraid that they don't get along very well.
I'm sorry to differ with you.
I regret that I have to inform you of the bad news.
I am sorry to say that I cannot help you.
I am sorry I am unable to attend your party.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
We regretfully reject your offer.
I regret to say I couldn't come yesterday.
We regret that we cannot place an order.
I'm afraid so.
Sorry to say, that expectation was ill-founded.
Regretfully it is not possible.
I fear so.
We regret that your application has not been accepted.
I'm afraid your guess is wide of the mark.
I'm afraid your guess is off the mark.
I'm afraid I'll have to call it a day.
I'm afraid I won't be able to take part in the meeting tonight.
There is not much I can do to help, I am afraid.
I'm sorry I cannot meet your demand.
I'm sorry, but I have a prior engagement.
To our regret, we were obliged to call off the game, which we had been looking forward to.
I regret to say he's gone for good.
I regret to say that he is ill in bed.
Unfortunately, you cannot bring him along.
I'm sorry I can't swear by him.
I'm sorry, but I'm not confident of her success.
I regret to tell you the truth.
Unfortunately, the hotel that you suggested was completely booked up.
To my regret I cannot accept your invitation.
To my regret, my favorite TV show went off the air last month.
To my regret, my father could not recover from his long illness.
Unfortunately, like other developed countries, America is graying.
To my regret there are many students who cheat.
Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to see the castle.
The pity is that he has failed.
To her disappointment, she was not there.
I feel sorry.
Garbage harbors vermin.
You had better throw away leftovers.
The officer told his men to advance.
I've got work to do, so piss off and leave me alone.
The work begins to get more difficult.
We're trying to make sure that the work is shared out equally.
The business was so successful that he is still well off now.
Because of a shortage of work, half the staff was discharged.
I've been snowed under with work lately.
Do not take your mind off work.
My job is giving me a stomach-ache.
When I am finished with what I am doing, I will come.
Now that you have finished your task, you are free to go and play outside.
We've finished the work, so we may as well go home.
His work done, he appeared to be satisfied.
You may leave immediately after you finish your work.
I will watch TV as soon as I get through my job.
The work over, we went home.
Not having finished his work, the clerk couldn't go to the party.
His work finished, he left for home.
Work is not the object of life any more than play is.
I have so much work to do that I have to put off my trip.
There must be equal pay for equal work, and where this is not the case, the abuse must be resisted at all costs.
Business took him there.
Busy with my work, I had no time to write to you.
My job keeps me busy. But my new apartment is cheap.
I don't like to inhale someone's smoke while I'm working.
I see you're doing very well in your business.
I've been to Osaka on business.
Are you here on business?
How's your job?
Which comes first, your career or your family?
You had better combine your work with your family life.
Work and play are both necessary to health; this gives us rest, and that gives us energy.
Don't mix business with pleasure.
It is hard to combine business with pleasure.
How will you manage without a job?
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
She had no idea how to set about her work.
I can do the job right!
You should give a lot of care to your work.
Pay more attention to your work.
I'm applying for a job.
I stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
Please drop off this package at the Jones' when you go to work.
I will drop off this package at the Jones' when I go to work.
Driving for one and a half hours to get to work is a bear.
I've acquired confidence in the job.
The failure in business left me penniless.
Let's get down to business, shall we?
I was about to leave for work when the telephone rang.
Attend to your business.
Don't be late for work.
A man who is absorbed in his work looks animated.
Have some enthusiasm for your job.
Don't worry about your work.
He ruined his health by working too much.
I cannot endure being disturbed in my work.
How are you getting on with your work?
Work pace is left up to the individual employee.
How's your business going?
How is your business going?
How about going out for a drink after work?
I can't stand being disturbed in my work.
Please don't distract me from my work.
The end of the task is not yet in mind.
How are you getting along with your work?
Our success in this work depends on your efforts.
He was left to do the difficult part of the work.
The job is half done.
I'm ahead of my work schedule.
The amount of work and the pay are not balanced.
The work will be finished by 8 o'clock.
How much more work do you have?
Work doesn't always begin at nine.
How's things at the office?
The job is interesting, but not always easy.
The job is interesting, and then again, the pay is good.
My work is almost finished.
The work progressed smoothly.
The work is mostly done.
The work has just been done.
The work got finished somehow.
Are you getting along with your work?
The work was all but finished.
Are you finished with your work?
The job has already been done.
My job is easy and I have a lot of free time.
The work wasn't finished at 11:00 p.m. Friday, so they decided to carry it over to the following Monday.
I am through with my work.
The work was carried on steadily.
Do your work quickly.
Let's finish the work quickly and enjoy ourselves.
My job is dull and boring.
Is it difficult work?
The job is a lot of fun.
The work is progressing steadily.
Don't leave your work unfinished.
How's work?
I've done half the work, and now I can take a break.
His work absorbed all his energies.
The work is marching right along.
Work is behind schedule.
The work should let up by a week from today.
I also know the job won't be very well done.
On my way to work, I ran into my uncle.
Almost all the work is done now.
What with my business and private affairs, I am so busy.
People that want to do well in their jobs will dress for success.
Not doing one's work properly may be worse than not doing it at all.
Having done his work, he went out.
Having finished my work, I went out for a walk.
Are you working?
Instead of being here to work, you get the sense that he's simply a permanent fixture here.
Don't interfere with my work.
His work finished, he went to bed.
I don't feel like working; what about going to a cinema instead?
When you're at work, if you have a lot of workmates, it's surprisingly difficult to build a consensus.
I wish I didn't have to work.
Carry out the task as well as you can.
Let's press on with our work.
Go ahead with your work.
We have almost finished our work.
If you quit the job, you'll be burning your bridges.
Let's stop working and relax for a while.
Are you going to quit your job?
It's time to leave off work.
I've accomplished my task.
Figuring a way to make a dollar comes ahead of thinking about how to do the job better.
There are some people who enjoy work - in fact, they love to work.
He worked all night so that he could get the job done in time.
Can you get the work finished in time?
I'll come over after I finish the work.
A few minutes after he finished his work, he went to bed.
Have you got through with your work?
Let us start our week.
Bring your work to my room.
If you quit your job, you'll be burning your bridges.
I can fall back on my savings if I lose my job.
You may leave when you have finished the work.
When I get through with my work, I'll call you.
After we finished working, we enjoyed talking together.
Having finished the work, he went to bed.
Having finished the work, I went out for a walk.
After I had finished the job, I went to bed.
After they had finished their work, they went out.
Having finished my work, I went home.
Having finished my work, I left the office.
Did you accomplish the task?
You cannot be too careful when you choose your job.
He began to look for a job.
I need your approval before I leave work early.
Don't neglect your business.
I'm looking for a job.
Don't leave your work half finished.
Don't leave your work half done.
Aside from his work, he has no other interests.
We went all out to get the job done.
Don't play on the job.
We should have some interests outside our job.
Your family should come before your career.
My business acquaintances know this number.
We have equipped our office with computers.
Office managers expect accuracy, efficiency, and dedication.
Please do not use the phone while working.
Stop reading comic books while working.
Must I wear a tie at work?
You must not smoke while working.
A person who is addicted to work is called a workaholic.
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time.
I don't like running down members of the staff, but he's the rudest man I've met.
Just finished it.
Apply two coats of the paint for a good finish.
I add a few finishing touches.
It can't be helped. Let's make the best of the bad job.
There is no choice.
That couldn't be helped.
Specifications and price are subject to change.
The tailor makes the man.
Take care not to strain your eyes.
You may use my typewriter if you want to.
You can use my car, if you want to.
Don't delay on this errand.
It's better to carry plastic chopsticks and wash them than to use disposable chopsticks to throw away.
Keep a record of how much you spend.
The campers were hard up for water because their well had run dry.
Do you have an extra shelf I can use?
Iron not used soon rusts.
We look at the expressions they use.
The messenger left for London in secret.
The mission took the direct route by air to the boundary.
Shake the bottle before using.
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
I'll send my man to you with the letter.
Shake the medicine bottle before use.
The puncture wound was very deep and had to be examined for infection.
You don't like sashimi, do you?
A stimulating new book attracts attention.
It is an exciting city, New York.
It made me nervous when I was asked by the host to offer some words of congratulation.
The bishop felt pity for the immigrants who were abandoned, and gave them help.
The bishops were in favor of the proposition.
The priest blessed the marriage of the two.
The priest blessed the congregation at the end of the mass.
The priest blessed us.
The priest blessed the congregation.
The priest blessed the marriage of the happy couple.
The priest blessed the newly built church.
The priest pronounced them man and wife.
The librarian classified the books according to subject.
The commander gave orders that his men fire at once.
History is not his major subject.
You can slip through the fence on all fours.
Have you ever found a four-leaf clover?
The opposite sides of a rectangle are parallel.
Spring is my favourite of the four seasons.
It is fall that I like best of all the seasons.
The changing seasons in Japan do much to Japan's agriculture.
The new term starts in April.
It's April first.
Shikoku was hit by Typhoon No. 10.
I asked Mother to wake me up at four.
I have been walking for over four hours.
At forty, he does not get as angry as he used to.
They say the forties are the dangerous ages.
Four armed men held up the bank and escaped with $4 million.
You get off at Yotuya Station.
The quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
Jiro was all smiles after he made a bundle at the pachinko parlor.
I knew it all along.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
At first each man had paid $10.
When I first got to New York, I was in a daze.
Whatever has a beginning also has an end.
I thought it easy at first.
Plan your work before you start it.
I had breakfast in haste in order to be in time for the first bus.
The driver said that the first bus starts at 6:00 a.m.
The first bus will leave 10 minutes behind time.
What time does the first train leave?
I got up earlier than usual so that I might catch the first train.
I got up early to catch the first train.
She left home early in the morning for fear that she might miss the first train.
It is Soseki that my sister likes best.
It began to rain, but we walked on.
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.
My sister showed me a new watch.
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.
Your sister didn't hurt herself, did she?
Say hello to your sister for me.
Follow the example of your sister.
Unlike her sister, Hanako is indifferent to her dress.
My sister and I are different in every way.
My sister Susan gets up early every morning.
I thought about going to my sister's.
I'm headed for my sister's wedding.
My sister's work is teaching English.
My sister was on a diet for a week, but gave up.
My sister always keeps her room clean.
My older sister plays the guitar well.
My sister has a very good brain.
My sister has a nice piano.
My sister is a good typist.
My sister is crazy about tennis.
My sister can swim very fast.
My sister sang an English song at the party.
My sister is thin, but I'm a little overweight.
My sister works at the United States Embassy in London.
My sister is always weighing herself.
My sister married him in spite of our objections.
My sister is engaged in social work.
My sister says that she wants to study abroad after leaving.
My sister likes sweets.
My sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry.
My sister, wearing her favorite red coat, went out today.
My sister married Mr Sato, whose father is my mother's friend.
My sister cooks us delicious dishes.
My sister asked me to lend her the dictionary.
My sister presses my trousers.
My sister cheers young sumo wrestlers.
My sister spends too much time dressing.
My sister is playing with dolls.
My sister has made up her mind to be a teacher.
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.
My sister works as an assistant to a college professor.
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
My sister fixed me with an angry stare.
My sister works in a bank as a secretary.
My sister was a beautiful woman.
My sister is subject to colds.
My sister washes her shoes every Sunday.
My sister expects to graduate from college next year.
My sister is having a baby in June.
Both my sister and brother go to college.
The sisters dueled with each other verbally.
Sister cities are the same as good neighbors.
Baby is sleeping. Don't be so loud.
Please see to it that children do not go near the pond.
If you are not firm with the children, they will get out of hand.
The children soon fell into a sleep.
It's time for our children to go to bed.
The children are beginning to get out of hand.
The kids were absorbed in the splendid fireworks.
The parents, rather than the children, are to blame.
A child could not have understood the situation.
Children are to the playground what leaves are to the forest.
You should set a good example to your children.
You should not give liquor to children.
I have never been sick since I was a child.
When a child, he was in delicate health.
He was quite weak in his childhood.
Children don't keep still.
Children should grow up carefree.
He notices a thousand times a day the difference.
Children can't smoke; it's not legal.
Children will believe what their parents tell them.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
The child is father of the man.
Children are not allowed in.
The child was hiding in the box.
Children are liable to catch cold.
The child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story.
The children washed their feet.
She took care of the children.
The children are growing tired.
There is no treasure more precious than a child.
It was naughty of Mary to pull the kitten's tail.
This cake tastes too sweet.
A tree is known by its fruit.
I'd like to have a Pap smear done.
We've got six children, you know.
The kid is clanging away with his toy.
The child was crying for her mother.
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond.
It is dangerous for children to play in the street.
It is impossible for children to read through the novel at a sitting.
We know how completely engrossed children become in games.
It was surprising to see how fast the child grew up.
I had a hard time putting the kid to bed.
The boy fell off the bed.
The child found his feet at last.
You must not deprive children of their playthings.
The child was feeding the monkey with the banana.
You cannot praise a child enough for doing something well.
The child's good health says a great deal for maternal care.
It isn't strange that children decrease, too?
He did not like children.
Kids can be kids.
She went nearly mad with grief after the child died.
She dressed him like children dress their pets.
It's nice if a child can have a room of his own.
With your children away, you must have a lot of free time.
Children often ask me for money.
Children, when they are little, make fools of their parents.
When parents are far away from their children, there is nothing they can do about their safety or welfare.
They have scarcely gone out since the baby was born.
I think it dangerous for children to play in the pond.
Please see to it that the child does not go near the pond.
It is very dangerous for children to play on the street.
It is natural for a child to scream in anger.
The child slept on its mother's lap.
The child was sleeping on its mothers lap.
It is dangerous for children to go out alone at night.
I enjoy watching children play.
There is another factor, too, that children find it hard to understand.
Bring your children along.
Don't be so childish.
Quit acting like a child.
Children are playing with toys.
When children are ordered to do a certain thing by such adult standards, they frequently refuse to follow the instructions for no other reason than that they have been told to do so.
The children are blowing bubbles.
And it is right and natural for children both to have it and to show it.
The children take care of that dog.
She felt uneasy when the children did not come home.
The children were playing in the park.
Children were running to and fro in the park.
Children want their way and are bound to get into arguments.
Some children are playing on the grass.
A group of children were playing.
The children were rolling a big snowball.
The children were playing in the middle of the street.
Do you have any good books for children to read?
It is no wonder that the children love to visit the farm.
It is common for children to cause trouble.
They are plowing the field of wheat.
You should not give your children everything they want.
Along with his children he fled the country.
Don't let the children monopolize the television.
The children were not to blame for the accident.
Children should be taught to speak the truth.
I think it necessary for children to have something to play with.
Be kind to the children.
The children were accorded permission to use the library.
Tell the children to keep away from the water's edge.
There are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children.
One must be patient with children.
One of the children left the door open.
Each of the children is doing his best.
A group of children were playing in the park.
I heard the gay voices of children.
I am thinking about my children.
Will you look after the children?
Do not mention the accident before the children.
Some of the children were too weak to stay on their feet.
Children are likely to be taken in by those sales representatives.
Children depend on their parents for food and clothing.
Children exhibit a low tolerance for the frustrations of learning.
Children begin school at the age of six.
Children play with toys.
When the boys go camping, they enjoy living in a primitive way.
Children are fond of cake.
The children soon lost themselves in the game.
Children quickly adapt themselves to their new life.
Two sodas for the children and one coffee, please.
The children were enthralled by the fairy tale.
Instead of watching television, the children played outside.
The children were much amused.
How does a child acquire that understanding?
It appears that the children are enjoying the party.
The children were playing at keeping house.
The children were all well and looked happy.
All the children are satisfied with her meals.
The children already went to school.
The children were being very quiet.
The mother insisted on her children not playing in the park after dark.
Children should be taught not to tell lies.
The children were insistent about our taking them to the movies.
Children are really looking forward to summer vacation.
Children are playing at the back of the house.
Children need not know every detail of the family budget.
The children would play for hours on the beach.
The children were all tired and went to bed of their own accord.
The children wanted to go out.
The children are learning the multiplication tables by heart.
Children should keep away from the danger.
Children should keep away from the danger. It's dangerous.
The children ran down the hill.
The children were delighted to see their grandparents whom they had not seen for quite a long time.
How are the kids?
Children are full of energy.
The children were allowed to stay up till 10 p.m.
Are the children playing in the park?
The children went to play in the park.
Children are sometimes wild.
Children were apt to invent their own games.
The children were busy preparing their lessons.
The children were gathering around.
Laughing and talking, the children climbed the hill.
The children tried to imitate their teacher.
The kids urged their father to leave quickly.
Children require much sleep.
The children slid down the bank.
The children were playing in the dirt.
Children surely have their own will to be independent.
The children were going to make sport of her.
The children were sliding on the ice.
Children love playing on the beach.
The children are building sand castles on the beach.
The children were assigned to sweep the room.
Children play in this park every day.
Children like climbing trees.
Children should be seen and not heard.
The children were playing about.
Children like to pretend to be adults when they play.
The children were swimming in the altogether.
The children were playing in the backyard.
Be ambitious, children.
Don't make fun of children.
You must not allow the children to play here.
Don't let the children play on this street.
Keep the children away from the knives.
I took the children to school.
Don't spoil the children.
If you'll keep an eye on the kids, I'll take your suit to be cleaned.
Let's take the children to the zoo.
Keep children away from medicine.
Even a child can read this.
Even a child can answer the question.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child can understand that.
Even a child can do such a thing.
Child as she is, she is sociable.
Even a child can answer it.
Even a child can do it.
Even a child can understand it.
Even a child would notice the difference.
Even children need to make sense of the world.
Even a child is supposed to have reason.
Children filled the room.
Physical contact with a child is very important.
You shouldn't let the children watch so much television.
Even children can understand it.
A small boy needs some person he can look up to.
A child needs love.
What will a child learn sooner than a song?
There are many doubts to a child.
Children need a happy home environment.
Children need many things, but above all they need love.
Children should not be given more money than is needed.
Don't be soft on kids.
Happy is he that is happy in his children.
It is up to parents to teach their children manners.
We all believe in good, free education for our children.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
You shouldn't be impatient with children.
Children should not have more money than is needed.
Don't let your boy play with a knife.
I spoke to a child on the street, but he ended up running away.
A child's mischief often causes a fire.
All families with children get special rates.
You shouldn't say such a thing in the presence of children.
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.
I am never free from worries about my child.
I would often go swimming in the sea when a child.
When I was a boy, I thought that I wanted to be a doctor.
When I was a child, I would often call on him on Sunday.
When I was a child, my mother made me eat green vegetables every day.
I always got up early in my childhood.
We have known each other since childhood.
I was always told to study when I was a child.
When I was a child, I could sleep anywhere.
When I was a child, I used to go to the seashore every summer.
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child.
I preferred baseball to football in my childhood.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
When I was a little child, I used to play baseball after school.
She could sing well when she was a child.
Momoe would often play with me when she was a child.
He was innocent as a child.
Some lectures are not wholesome for children.
I've known Jim ever since we were children.
From childhood I was fond of reading, and all the little money that ever came into my hands was laid out in books.
As a child, Bob lived in Boston.
As a child, he went to Paris three times.
My mother died when I was a kid.
Young tigers resemble cats.
I don't know how to handle children.
Does a child's musical talent depend on heredity?
Knowing how much school for my kids is costing, it's impossible to relax with a beer and take it easy.
Joy was manifest on the child's face.
The child's face worked as she tried to keep back the tears.
The child's shout was indeed shrill.
A child's education is the charge of his parents.
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.
We are in commission concerning the protection of children's rights.
As a boy, I used to swim in the pond.
When a child, I used to go fishing with him.
When I was a child I would get so excited the night before a school excursion that my heart would be pounding and I couldn't sleep.
In my childhood, I believed in Santa Claus.
As a child I learned lots of poems by heart.
When a child, I would play with the toys.
He used to play with her in his childhood.
I went to Canada when I was a child.
I have a clear memory of my childhood.
He would go fishing in the river when he was a child.
When I was a child, I played catch with my father.
I had a puppy when I was a boy.
What are you, just an errand boy? Start thinking for yourself and give me something serious to work with.
More Japanese are reluctant to have a child.
Keep out of reach of children.
Early education for children usually begins at home.
Children grow up so quickly.
You can identify children's voices without any problem.
A child has a higher temperature than an adult does.
Some kids start to carry on at a supermarket when they are not allowed to buy some candy or other treat.
His bravery to save the child from drowning is above praise.
I would like to illustrate children's books for a living.
A child can play in various ways of his own choosing.
Children need loving.
The child counted ten.
A child develops rapidly between the ages of 13 and 16.
Some people think you cannot overpraise a child.
Children are always doing some mischief or other.
Children go to school to learn things.
Children are open to various influences.
Children suck the mother when they are young, and the father when they are old.
Children should obey their elders, mind you.
The child cried for the toy.
The child cried for a toy car.
Children are to be deceived with comfits and men with oaths.
Children learn to respond to rhythmical sounds from a very young age.
Children can't swim in this river.
Children often bother their parents.
The child soon fell asleep in the bed.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
Children should be kept away from the pond.
The child watched the animal with amusement.
Children like to beat drums.
Most children love ice cream.
Children usually pick up foreign languages very quickly.
Children often cry just to attract attention.
Children are prohibited from smoking.
Children must go to bed early without watching television.
A child will depend on the television.
Children like watching television.
Children usually have faith in their parents.
Kid's a hustler.
Children often hate spinach.
It's just time for children to go to bed.
It's time for children to go to bed.
Children often live in a world of fancy.
Children often try to imitate their elders.
Children don't like to go out in the dark.
The child was afraid of being left alone in the dark.
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
My baby has a hereditary disease.
In general, children are fond of candy.
How many kids do you have?
Children reflect the family atmosphere.
The child painted flowers.
All children can be naughty sometimes.
The child tumbled down the stairs.
Children like playing outside.
Children should play outside.
Children are often very good at learning foreign languages.
The child cried herself to sleep.
Children are never at rest.
The child threw a stone at the dog.
Children are very curious and ask many questions.
The child followeth the womb.
My children are my treasures.
Children sometimes lack patience.
The child is wide awake in bed.
Children are quick to accustom themselves to new surroundings.
The child must be taught to respect the truth and to tell the truth.
Children have problems that their parents don't understand.
Children are subject to their parents' rules.
Children imitate their parents' habits.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
The child was scared to get into the water.
Children enjoy making a splash in the water as they come off a waterslide.
Children grow very quickly.
Children aren't naturally obedient any more than they're naturally well mannered.
Children play with blocks.
The child started to run; perhaps he wanted to show off.
As children get bigger, they grow out of their clothes.
The child cried for help.
The child got angry and struck at his mother.
Children are not admitted.
Children don't like to take a bath.
The child threw a stone at the cat.
The child was hot with fever.
Children have a tendency to become rebellious.
Children are inclined to be disobedient.
A child should not get more spending money than is necessary.
Children are poor men's riches.
Little pitchers have long ears.
The child hung on his mother's arm.
The child missed his mother very much.
The child is lonesome for its mother.
The child kept at her mother for some money.
A child is very sensitive to its mother's love.
The child took her mother's hand.
Children will grow even if you leave them alone.
Children are fond of adventure.
Children should drink milk every day.
I had a premature baby.
The child began to cry as she woke to find herself left alone in the room.
The child gaped at me as though he were seeing a ghost.
The children were absorbed in their game.
When children play, they often make believe they are grownup.
I don't want to have children. Is that abnormal?
Children belong with their parents.
Children are to obey their parents.
Stop acting the child.
The children are clamoring to go to the zoo.
The children started in pairs.
It's shameful to treat a child so cruelly.
She went shopping, leaving her little child all alone.
It is quite a hard thing to bring up a child.
Rearing a child calls for perseverance.
Don't spoil your child.
Don't let your children go to dangerous places.
Don't let children have their own way.
Can you put the children to bed?
It's a book for children.
Keep children away from the pond.
Praising children is an important thing.
The children will be a drag on me, so I want to go without them.
I took my child.
I object to being treated like a child.
Intended for children, this is a book often read by adults.
Written for children, this book is easy to read.
Intended for children, the book entertains grown-ups.
Mother made me eat carrots every day in my childhood.
I recall less and less of my childhood.
Memories of childhood still lie near her heart.
Childhood is a period of rapid growth.
Beat it, kids!
Her children have gone to Tokyo and she misses them very much.
The children were so noisy that I couldn't study.
The children are lined up for the bus.
I'll go and see what the children are doing.
I spoke so slowly so that the children might understand me.
Some children broke the window, which made Mother very angry.
The children whirled about the garden.
Don't be so sharp with the children.
Surrounded by his children, he began his story.
Bring in lunch for the children.
You should give a good example to your children.
She cared for the children after the death of their mother.
Our children's education set us back quite a lot.
One of the children is studying, but the others are playing.
The children are learning to add and subtract.
The children exchanged presents at the Christmas party.
The children amused themselves by playing games.
The children soon became attached to their new teacher.
The children took their ice skates and made for the frozen pond.
The children were very amused with his tricks.
The kids made a beeline for the TV.
Children walk around from door to door on Halloween night.
Children found Christmas presents hidden under the bed.
The children were hungry for affection.
Children like those who scold them with love.
Children are open to the influence of the streets.
The children all had gone to sleep before it got dark.
Children used to look up to their parents; now they are inclined to regard them as equals.
The children went upstairs in single file.
Children are curious about everything.
The children were walking along, singing a song.
All of the children had gone to bed before it got dark.
All the children went to bed.
The children went out to play.
Children like to play outside now.
The children were mending their butterfly-nets.
The children were all ears when I was telling them the story.
It seems that the children will have to sleep on the floor.
Children are quick to gain orientation to new circumstances.
The children were amusing themselves with dolls.
Children will produce beautiful works when they grow up.
The children were flying kites.
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.
The children are at play in the garden.
The children were playing in the sunshine.
The little children were too much for her.
Children like playing on the beach.
The children were eager for their father's news.
Kids really want balloons.
The children were sitting in a line, watching television.
Children like playing more than studying.
The children were told to stay within reach of their mother's voice.
Children delight in comic books.
The kids are asleep.
The children were wrapped up in their game.
The thunder scared the children.
Send the kids to bed.
The children's room is in bad order.
Do you have a children's department?
A puppy followed me wagging its tail.
The puppies nestled against their mother.
The small dog dug a hole and buried his food in it.
The puppy grew larger and larger every day.
He paid as much as a hundred dollars for a puppy.
A healthy child can no more sit still than a puppy can.
We want to leave our descendants a clean and green earth.
It is very naughty of you to pull the kitten's tail.
The kitten wanted in.
The kitten couldn't get down from the tree.
The lambs were slaughtered for market.
The lamb was killed by the wolf.
The city supplied food for the children.
The architecture in this part of the city is ugly.
City officials often have sticky fingers.
Many students live in the suburbs of the city.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
All the industries in the city are booming.
There is a park in the middle of the city.
There is a station in the center of the city.
A new museum is being built at the center of the city.
The price of land in the center of the city is soaring.
His exhibition at the city museum didn't appeal to me at all.
The northernmost part of the city is a maze of alleys.
The city supplied the needy with blankets.
Passengers are packed in like sardines on city buses.
The city dedicated a monument in honor of the general.
The city expanded the bus route 10Km further.
The city is cracking down on drunk drivers and giving them fines.
The market is held every Monday.
The city was put in a difficult financial situation.
The city supplied the earthquake victims with food and blankets.
The city is planning to extend the boardwalk.
Where do the buses for downtown leave from?
That's area code 213, phone number 486-2435.
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
In the town there was a measure of peace.
Because of the street fighting, the city is in utter confusion.
There are few places downtown for parking, which is a serious problem.
The municipal council all but ignored the gravity of the pollution.
The city council meeting is a great place to sound off.
The municipal council should concentrate more on specific issues.
How is it in the market?
The market is glutted with cheap imports.
The market was flooded with foreign goods.
The market was quiet today.
The market rallied.
The market prices have fallen across the board.
The market was flooded with imports.
The market drop has cleaned me out.
Octal paid a large grant for the researchers to carry out some market research.
The mayor presented the prizes in person.
It's said that the mayor is on the take.
Beside the mayor, many other distinguished guests were present.
The mayor's family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day.
The news of the mayor's resignation traveled fast.
As soon as they realized the mayor was on his way down, his critics started coming out of the woodwork.
The mayor will compromise to a certain extent.
The mayor compromised on the subject to a certain extent.
The mayor is a stuffed shirt.
The mayor will shortly announce his decision to resign.
The mayor walked at the head of the procession.
The mayor acknowledged her services to the city.
The mayor administers the affairs of the city.
The mayor governed the city very wisely.
The mayor prescribed to the citizens how to act.
The mayor provided me with an identity card.
The mayor granted our request.
The mayor manifested his discontent with the new plan.
The mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues.
The mayor addressed the general public.
The Mayor addressed a large audience.
The mayor felt that he should look into the loss of income from parking meters.
The mayor declared that he would announce the result of the investigation.
The mayor presented him with the key to the city.
The mayor screened his eyes with his hand.
The mayor denied having taken a bribe.
Voters cast their ballots for mayor every four years.
The streetcar is now certainly out of date.
The city government once thought of doing away with that rule.
The city took the initiative in the pollution suit.
There is a plan to restrict the use of cars in the city center.
I plan to stay in the city.
Where's the bus for the city?
I'll show you around the city.
I will show you around the city.
The number of cars running in the city has increased.
I'd like a map of the city.
Are there any tours of the city?
I'd like a city map.
No citizen should be deprived of his rights.
Citizens are the ultimate sovereigns.
The citizens demonstrated to protest against the new project.
All the citizens of the city have access to the city library.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
The citizens staggered under the heavy bombing.
The city hall is just around the corner.
The city hall is located at the center of the city.
The city hall is in the center of the city.
Can you tell me how to get to the city hall?
How long does it take to walk to the city hall?
It is provided that the applicants must be woman.
Applicants are requested to apply in person.
I worked hard to get into my preferred school.
Not all the candidates can pass the examination.
I don't recall.
We ran into each other at the airport.
The accident destroyed all his hopes for success.
To believe that an unexpected big fortune will come your way is to build a castle in Spain.
Your imagination is running away with you.
What the heart thinks, the mouth speaks.
I'm really happy I ran into you.
Barring anything unforeseen everything should turn all right.
My heart was in my boots when I thought of it.
Have your own way.
You can go however you like.
Quick, let's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds. There's no time like the present.
I think he is a good man.
It's not even worth a thought.
She's an outspoken person.
I guessed right.
It is easier than I thought.
I could not catch as many fish as I had expected.
There are many more people than I expected.
Saying what you think frankly is not a bad thing.
I can't read your mind.
I laughed in spite of myself.
I could not help laughing.
I couldn't help laughing out.
Thoughts are expressed by means of words.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
An idea is expressed in terms of action.
Thought is free.
Around the world thoughts shall fly in the twinkling of an eye.
Yes, you can indicate everything you see.
I got a burn on my finger.
They moved up and down the keys.
He stood with his finger in his mouth.
Is using fingers uncivilized?
Not only has eating with your fingers continued throughout the centuries, but some scholars believe that it may become popular again.
Don't cut your finger.
I just cut my finger.
I bleed easily when I am cut.
He wouldn't even lift a finger.
The commanding officer led his army into enemy territory.
The commander exposed his men to gunfire.
The conductor appeared on the stage.
He has good credentials as a conductor.
A conductor directs an orchestra.
The leader dismissed the demonstrators in the park.
You can't go wrong if you read the instructions carefully.
The index rose to a seasonally adjusted 120.5.
Are there reserved seats?
When their leader died, they placed his body in a large tomb.
The leaders assembled in Paris for a meeting.
The leaders were out of touch with the people.
The index rose 4% from the preceding month.
The index advanced to 120.5, up 4% from the preceding month.
Make it a person-to-person call, please.
It's best to make international calls person to person.
The ring was not to be found anywhere.
Would you show me some rings?
Tom's acknowledgement that he stole the ring cleared the maid of suspicion.
A ring and some cash are missing.
The expenditure totaled 200,000 yen.
Our branches extend all over the country.
Where did he ever come up with the notion of opening a branch?
I'm going to complain to the manager.
The ruler was overthrown and banished from the country.
The manager was out, so I left a message with his secretary.
She handles the business when the manager is away.
I want to see the manager.
I am going to complain to the manager.
He acted behind the manager's back.
The manager ordered all the rooms to be swept clean as soon as possible.
The manager advanced him two weeks' wages.
The manager opened the door and identified himself.
The manager approved our plan.
The manager stood at the door.
The manager made an apology for having been out.
The manager put forward a new proposal.
The manager threatened him with dismissal.
The manager was unnecessarily rough on him.
The manager put up a notice about the extra holiday.
Solvency is entirely a matter of temperament and not of income.
I need to find a better job on the double to pay my bills.
This is all on me.
I'd like to pay the check, please.
You need to open an account at a bank to receive the payment.
I have run into a problem that is causing the delay of my payment.
This is a friendly reminder about an overdue invoice.
Can I pay a credit card?
Also, please inform us of your terms of payment.
Institutions, however noble their missions, have failed to replace the family.
Every successful repetition spoke favorably for the quality of the first test.
The branches were bowed down with oranges.
The branches gave but did not break.
The bough bent under the weight of the snow.
Don't break the branches.
Don't break off the branch.
I'm troubled by split ends.
Why don't we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand?
Stop, or I'll shoot.
A stop sign in Japan has 3 sides, whereas a stop sign in the U.S. has 8 sides.
She would go out in the heavy rain, though I tried to stop her.
"Don't stop, Tony," said Linda.
To love and to cherish, till death do us part.
Please don't die!
The thought flashed through her mind that she was going to die.
I wish myself dead.
Death ends man's finite existence.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Would it hurt to die?
Never say die.
I am afraid of dying.
I'm dying to see you.
I love her to death.
I'll love you for the rest of my days.
There's one thing I shall never understand till my dying day.
Nothing remains but to die.
I am ready for death.
Do or die.
Death is preferable to dishonor.
Before he died, he was almost blind.
Is death the only release?
Death comes to all men.
Death is often compared to sleep.
Death is the great leveler.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide and she hides it well.
Death is the antithesis of life.
Death is certain to come to everybody.
Death is certain to all, all shall die.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
One who longs for death is miserable, but more miserable is he who fears it.
The news that he died was a shock to me.
You're not the one who died.
You can't take it with you when you die.
He wished himself dead.
You mustn't speak ill of the dead.
Dead men tell no tales.
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk.
I wish I was dead.
Dead?
The cause of death was a heart attack.
The death penalty was done away with last year.
We must abolish the death penalty.
The death penalty should be abolished.
The death penalty has been done away with in many states in the USA.
Some people believe in eternal life after death.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
Speak well of the dead.
Casualties are said to total up to 1,000.
Death is seeking for his prey.
Hisao's face was as pale as that of a corpse.
The drowned body has not been recovered.
The body had burned beyond recognition.
The postmortem showed that she had been strangled.
Your gift was like discovery of an oasis in the midst of a desert.
The population is dying off.
Do your very best.
Birth is much, breeding is more.
I'm going with Ken. He is cool, gentle and smart. What's more, he is single!
I realized then that this awful cellar was the only place that could save our lives.
I am as happy as a clam.
I'm so mad I want to scream and break everything!
I feel at ease.
This is the first time I've worked as a coordinator, so I may not have the hang of it yet.
I feel so happy today.
I am not going to join the year-end party tonight.
I am in a spot.
I'm Nana. I'm Hideki Yamauchi's daughter.
I'm on the road a lot, and my clients are complaining that they can never reach me.
I do a lot of worrying.
I really like Jiro Akagawa's novels.
I have some coupons I got last week.
I cooked dinner.
Is there any mail for me?
Are there any letters for me?
Have any letters arrived for me?
John had cleaned the house when I came home.
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
This is the one I meant when I said, 'A man who comes after me has surpassed me because he was before me.'
Wait till I count to ten.
Ten years have passed since I came to Tokyo at the age of eighteen.
When I reach retirement age in 1998, I will have worked for the college for thirty years.
It appears my mail on January 10 did not reach you.
If I were eighty and she were still alive, I would be getting the same admonition.
When I was a student at MIT I used to eat at a certain restaurant in Boston.
If I were you, I wouldn't live with him.
I'd retain that old hat if I were you.
If I were you, I would do the same.
It is next to impossible for me to go with you.
Were I you, I wouldn't refuse her offer.
If I pay you a dollar, we'll be even.
I'll do everything for you, so you have only to wait here.
I will pay the money to you.
Do as I ask you or I won't answer for the result.
I'll act as a guide for you.
He loves you as much as I do.
I will go there in place of you.
Were I in your position, I would quit.
I would act differently in your place.
Please don't get angry if I criticize.
I'll look after that child.
It is difficult for me to solve that problem.
Suppose I had gone to America.
There is no reason for me to apologize.
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.
That's exactly my point.
You never listen, no matter how many times I tell you.
He never hears what I'm trying to say.
When have I told a lie?
He asked me when I was going to buy a new car.
Should anything happen in my absence, ask him for help.
Carry on working while I am away.
I owe what I am to my father.
My name is Edgar Degas.
Would you like me to help you?
I had hardly got into the bath when the phone rang.
I had scarcely opened the cage when the canary flew out.
To my disappointment I found that she wasn't honest.
It's a miracle that I've got over cancer.
Take back what you said about me being stingy.
I owe it to him that I can earn a good salary.
Please wait till I have finished my coffee.
The fact that I'm here proves that I'm innocent.
It's three years since we moved here.
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
Ten years have passed since I came here.
It has been ten years since I came here.
It is two years since I came here.
I owe it entirely to him that I have thus far succeeded.
Can you help me wash these dishes?
I'll carry this case to your place.
More than five years have passed since I came to live in this house.
I like this picture, not just because it is famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
I like this picture, not because it is a masterpiece, but because it has charm.
I take full responsibility for the action.
It has been twenty years since I saw you last.
The watch I lost the other day was new.
It is more than five years since I last saw him.
It was in London that I last saw her.
After I sign these release papers, you'll be on your way.
I told this secret to you alone.
It took me about an hour to read this book through.
It took me three days to read this book.
It is difficult for me to understand this question.
Note down what I'm going to say.
Listen carefully to what I am going to tell you.
I owe it entirely to you that I have succeeded thus far.
I'll clear these dishes away.
I wish I could go to the concert.
I'll get in touch with Jim and ask him to come over.
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.
While I was talking on the telephone with John, the operator cut in.
Will you help me pack up my suitcase?
The letter I've been waiting for has arrived at last.
He threw cold water on what I was doing.
It was easy for me to do so.
You will think it just that I should do so.
No sooner had I done so than it began to rain.
It was a pure accident that I met him there.
Nobody was conscious of my presence there.
Hang on till I get to you.
Do I need to go there?
Is there any need for me to go there?
When I got there, the house was on fire.
It was quite dark when I got there.
They were about to leave when I arrived there.
There is no reason why I should go there.
The dance had already started when I got there.
No sooner had I got there than they started.
I had scarcely entered the class before the students started asking questions.
Is it necessary for me to attend the party?
The reason I could not attend the meeting was that I had a severe headache.
I left the firm, because I wanted to be on my own.
I had no difficulty in carrying the plan out.
Just picture to yourself the horror with which I saw the scene.
It will take me no less than 10 hours to prepare for the exam.
I will account for the incident.
It is impossible for me to answer the question.
It is easy for me to answer the question.
I paid 2,000 yen for the parcel to be sent by air.
It stands to reason that I should decline the offer.
I'll take the responsibility on my shoulders.
Must I open the window?
Mrs. White broke into tears when I told her the news.
It was only yesterday that I heard the news.
I went into the room, where I found the children sitting on the sofa.
He left the room on my entering it.
It'll take me a long time to finish reading that book.
It is impossible for me to solve the problem.
It was very sensible of him to reject the bribe.
I only found out about it purely by accident.
That is as much as I dare spend on it.
As I read through the letters, I realized that the Pope was the true culprit.
Don't expect me to do it for you. It's your baby.
There is no reason why I shouldn't do it.
He isn't any more capable of it than I am.
It was a mere chance that I found it.
Nothing would please him but I must do it myself.
I see no reason why I shouldn't put it into practice.
I trust that, in the long run, I will not be a loser.
I will endorse it.
At such times, I think of my family, not my friends.
To my great delight, he won the first prize.
It happened that she was out when I called.
I'll fix it up all right.
We were just about to leave when it rained.
I was about to go to bed when the phone rang.
I was just about to go out shopping when you telephoned.
I'll read you the poem I wrote just now.
Inform your father of my arrival.
He was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
What interests me greatly is astronomy.
Words can not convey how glad I am.
I can't express how grateful I am.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
Note how I do it.
You will never realize what I went through.
This is the same watch that I lost.
Let me say what I will, he doesn't mind me.
It has been just a week since I arrived in New York.
It is no business of yours what tie I wear.
It was when I was thirteen that I fell in love with a girl for the first time.
It was in Tokyo that I first met her father.
It was this fountain pen that I bought in Paris.
It is difficult for me to play the piano.
Do you think it strange that I should live alone?
The taxi I took was very old and small.
I played football and my sister played tennis.
It is not tea but coffee that I want.
It is not money but time that I want.
This isn't exactly what I wanted.
When I was staying in Boston, I made her acquaintance.
To my relief he recovered from his illness.
I was just going to express an opinion, when he cut in.
I was about to leave my house when she rang me up.
I owe it to my doctor that I am still alive.
What I like about Mary is her strong character.
I should ask him if I were you.
Bring the painting closer so that I may see it better.
He ran away with the idea that I had done it.
It makes no difference whether you want to do it or not.
The girl that I know very well has already left for Tokyo.
In my point of view, a car does more harm than good.
In my eyes, he is wrong.
Will you take your hand off me?
Let go of me!
I wish you to relieve me of my anxiety.
Please tell John that I called.
I will warn him.
I threw the rope and she caught hold of it.
It was on the morning of February the ninth that I arrived in London.
It was not by plane, but by ship, that I went to London.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
I am to blame.
No blame attaches to me.
The reason why I got a bad grade is that I did not study.
What has become of my old house where I used to live?
I ought to ask, oughtn't I?
You can no more expect me to change my opinion than expect the sun to rise in the west.
There are many words with meanings I don't know.
If only I were a doctor.
I had been waiting an hour when he appeared.
The people with whom I work are all very kind.
While I was waiting for the rain to stop, he kindly gave me a lift.
My meeting her at the station was a pure accident.
The train had already left when I got to the station.
The train had already left when I arrived at the station.
As I reached the station, the express was just drawing in.
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
The train was on the point of leaving when I got to the station.
I had no sooner reached the station than the train started.
The train left before I arrived at the station.
Without your help, he would fail.
Do I have to make a speech?
Do you have to make a speech?
It took me two hours to get to Yokohama.
I wish I were a prince.
I wish I were a millionaire.
Are you suggesting that I'm a coward?
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything.
If I want to do anything, you want me to do something else.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.
Can't you guess what I'm doing?
No matter what I did, no one paid any attention to me.
They have no idea what I intend to do.
She has no idea what I intend to do.
You know what I mean.
Can you guess what I have?
When I'm home and I'm going to the corner drugstore to pick up some shampoo, why do you always tell me to be careful how I cross the street?
As soon as I got home, my sister went out.
When I came home, he was cooking dinner.
He wasn't sleeping when I came home.
She was watching TV when I came home.
Mother had prepared supper when I got home.
It was quite dark when I got home.
It began to rain five minutes after I left home.
I was leaving home, when it started to rain.
Hardly had I left home when it began to rain.
I had scarcely left home when it began to rain.
Please help me clean the house.
It will be a long time before I can buy a house.
I sustain my family.
I will take care of the flowers.
What I can't bear is the sound of chalk squeaking on a chalkboard.
You are the very man I want to see.
It is her that I want to meet.
Were you going to the railway station when I saw you?
There is one thing I look back on with regret.
He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
Were I a foreigner, I could not eat raw fish.
He came when I was out.
Will you look after my dog while I'm out?
Will you take care of the children while I'm out?
To the best of my memory, he always smoked a pipe.
It was because of the accident that I was late for school.
The bell had already rung when I got to school.
I had hardly reached the school when the bell rang.
I'm not able to make clear how I am feeling.
I'll show you that I am right.
Unless I am mistaken, I've seen that man before.
It is not the car but the users that I am concerned about.
She says something every time I turn around.
While I was cleaning out my desk, I came across this old picture.
I will get the machine running.
My father was already at home when I came back.
My mother had been cooking supper for two hours when I got home.
My mother had cooked supper when I got home.
Please stay here till I get back.
If you get to my house before I do, help yourself to a drink.
Be sure to get this finished by the time I come back.
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home.
Ken was reading when I came home.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
My sisters were cooking when I came home.
When I returned home, my brother was doing his homework.
When I came home, she was watching TV.
My father was on the point of going out when I came home.
When I returned home, my brother had done his homework.
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.
It began to rain before I got home.
What I like is her way of talking.
When I got up, it was snowing outside.
It is a great honor for me to have been elected chairman.
The reason for my absence is that I was ill.
I hurried, not because it was getting dark, but because I was hungry.
She was in charge of the office while I was away on a trip to Kyoto for a week.
One third of the friends I grew up with are dead.
To my surprise, he didn't know how to use the dictionary.
He failed in my having been surprised at the examination.
To my shock, he killed himself by taking poison.
To my surprise, her reply was flatly negative.
He can no more swim than I can fly.
The plane had already taken off when I reached the airport.
Were I you, I would start at once.
Were I you, I would not do such a rude thing.
Were I you, I would study harder.
He told me that if he were I, he would not do so.
I wish I were as young as you.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
I'll never forget what you told me.
Stand upright when I'm talking to you.
The girl about whom I told you lives here.
The girl I told you about lives in Kyoto.
I'll take over your duties.
I will let you go home at once.
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.
You can trust that I will never break my promise.
I hoped that I would marry while my mother was still alive.
When I visited Ken, he was studying.
I owe it to my parents that I am so healthy.
I was helped by my father to paint the kennel.
No tongue can tell of the wonders I saw.
It's a house just like that I have seen.
Everything that I saw was completely different from what I had expected.
I found nothing but a pair of scissors.
My cousin had been sick in bed for a week when I visited him.
There can't be a girl who is waiting for me to appear.
My father made me what I am today.
Do as I tell you.
It never occurred to me that my words would hurt her feelings.
You should keep in mind what I told you.
Please bear in mind what I said.
What I'm saying is quite true.
I mean what I say.
While I was intent on improving my language skill, I came upon an English grammar book.
He turned around when I called.
It was not until I called that he came.
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.
It was yesterday that I broke the window by mistake.
I was walking in the park, when I heard my name called.
As for the scheme I had in my head, it was not a bad one in itself.
There is nothing to prevent my going.
There were a lot of empty seats the day I went.
I found the boy fast asleep.
No sooner had I entered the hall than the ceremony began.
Repeat what I have just told you.
I owe it you that I am still alive.
Of all the places I've been, Alaska is the most beautiful.
I'm sure it must be true from all that I've heard.
This is all the money that I have now.
It was George that I met in the street this morning.
I will have been to Paris five times when I go there again.
I owe what I am today to education.
I owe what I am today to Dr. Brown, who saved my life.
My mother has made me what I am today.
My uncle has made me what I am today.
He has made me what I am.
My father made me what I am.
I owe what I am to my mother.
I owe what I am to my friend.
I owe what I am to my parents.
What I want now is a hot cup of coffee.
What I am talking about right now is the deep love and respect I have for my husband.
It was really considerate of you to lend me $500 when I was in difficulties.
He went out of his way to help me when I was in trouble.
The man helped me when I was in trouble.
Will you help me get over the difficulties?
Though I refused repeatedly, he insisted that I should go there.
People I admire most are those who do not see life in terms of power.
It is ten years ago that I saw him last.
I was called into the office first.
My first guess was wide off the mark.
What has become of the book I put here yesterday?
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.
It was Jack that I met yesterday.
The name of the man I met yesterday is Mr. Hill.
The boy whom I met yesterday is Tony.
This desk, which I bought yesterday, is very big.
What I bought yesterday was these shoes.
It was quite dark when I got home last night.
That's not the reason why I said the job wasn't easy.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
We used to swim every day when we were children.
It is not surprising that he was elected mayor.
I'll leave my daughter's education to you, after I'm gone.
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.
Don't phone me while I'm at the office.
I have not more than three thousand yen.
This is the only book I have.
Please take a look at the picture that I chose.
Nobody will believe how sorry I was for what I'd done.
When I failed, he said, "It serves you right".
When I didn't know how to answer the question, he gave me a hint.
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo.
Were I young, I would go abroad.
Are you suggesting that I am too young?
The deal I was working on fell through.
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.
The teacher I wrote to you about has not yet arrived.
The message I received said, Please contact us at your convenience.
The place I live in is very good for your health.
How long will it take me to finish my homework?
He arrived after I had left.
My father was still at home when I left.
Please take care of my birds while I am away.
I was about to leave home when an old friend of mine dropped in.
I was about to go out, when the telephone rang.
I was about to go out, when he came to see me.
It was disappointing that nobody ate the expensive sushi I had served.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters I gave you to post.
I'll get it.
The people whom I meet are kind.
Please look after my cats while I'm away.
Thank you for reminding me about the meeting I have to attend.
There was no sign of dinner appearing before I left.
I'll offer him what help I can.
My first attempt at a cheesecake tasted horrible.
She was approaching thirty when I first met her.
It was in Kyoto that I first met her.
Would you read my letter and correct the mistakes, if any?
The boy I helped is Tony.
The young man whom I employed as my assistant works very hard.
I don't know whether I will win or lose.
I owe it to my uncle that I succeeded in my business.
I had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring.
My train left Kyoto at six, and arrived in Tokyo at nine.
I had barely got aboard when the train began to move.
It is very rude of you to expect me to eat food that I do not want to.
I had hardly finished my meal when my friend phoned me and invited me out for dinner.
The man I trusted betrayed me.
My belief is that you are right.
It was very kind of you to make dishes while I was down.
I had hardly fallen asleep when the telephone rang.
It cost me a lot of money to build a new house.
That is why I believe in the Press.
You are no more a god than I am.
I will be afflicted that I do not know men.
My success was mainly due to your help.
The reason I succeeded was because I was lucky.
It was thanks to his advice that I succeeded.
I owe my success to him.
There is little prospect of my success.
His airplane had already left when I got to Narita Airport.
You will see that I am right.
It turned out that I was right.
It is impossible for me to get there before noon.
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.
His eyes searched my face to see if I was talking straight.
You shall want for nothing as long as I live.
I'll help you as long as I live.
As long as I live, you shall want for nothing.
I'll never forget him as long as I live.
I will never forget your kindness so long as I live.
So long as I live, you shall want for nothing.
You shall not for nothing as long as I live.
The town in which I was born is famous for its old castle.
I ran off some of the oil.
I'll get there before you will.
It was this hospital which I visited last month.
The president of the company, to whom I introduced you last Friday, wants to see you again.
Do you think it dangerous that I swim across the river?
This is the only guidebook that was recommended to me that is really useful.
I figure that my vote won't change anything.
I have worked for one company where the payroll was snatched on a dark winter's night.
My leaving early made them feel sorry.
Would you mind if I open the window?
Do you want me to open the window?
The dog gave a yelp when I trod on its paw.
It was after dark when we got to the village.
The scolding I gave to the other children doesn't apply to you.
Words cannot describe the horror I experienced.
The man I was waiting for didn't turn up.
Little did they know that we were waiting.
When I entered the kitchen, she was making chicken curry with rice.
I was active in politics when I was in the university.
I didn't know whether I wanted to go to university.
It is ten years since I left college.
I owe it to my brother that I was able to finish college.
I owe it to my parents that I was able to finish college.
Don't think I'm made of money.
That's what I'm looking for.
My decided preference is the fourth and the last of these alternatives.
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.
I know nothing except that she left last week.
So far as I know, he used to be a good student.
He took advantage of my ignorance and deceived me.
It is the fact that I want to know.
As far as I know, she is a very good person.
He is, so far as I know, a good guy.
As far as I know, he is one of the best doctors in town.
Mr Smith, as I knew him, was a modest man.
To my knowledge, there are no good books on the theory.
As far as I know, he is coming by car.
As far as I know, he is a reliable person.
Will you take this bag while I consult the map?
You may rely on my coming in time.
In case I am late, please go ahead of me.
She was sore at me for being late.
By the time I arrived, he had already left.
The concert was all but over when I arrived.
She had already gone when I arrived.
When I arrived, they quickly cleared out of the house.
As I was having lunch, the phone rang.
When I got up this morning, it was raining.
I made my brother my agent while I was out of the city.
I wish I had been a bird.
I will personally be responsible for it.
It would be best if I met him in person.
She will report directly to me.
The last bus had already gone when I got to the bus stop.
When I went down to the garden, two little girls were picking daisies.
Do you mind my making a suggestion?
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.
Bob was on the point of leaving when I rang him up.
She had just come home when I called.
Pamela must have been at home when I tried to get in touch with her, but she didn't answer the telephone.
While I was talking over the telephone she came to see me.
He was busy when I called him up.
No sooner had I hung up the phone than there came another call.
The branch began to bend as I climbed along it.
The fact that I lost my temper made matters still worse.
She looked sad because I was angry.
The candidate whom I cast a vote for was elected.
If only she had known I was in Tokyo, she would have come to visit me.
It has been two months since my arrival in Tokyo.
It is ten years since I came to Tokyo.
It is five years to a day since I came here.
When I arrived, it was raining.
The party was all but over when I arrived.
He waited for me until I arrived.
Our company supports several cultural events.
I acted as a simultaneous interpreter.
It was near the river that I lost my way.
I am pleased with this vivid portrait in particular.
My refusing to eat meat occasioned an inconvenience, and I was frequently chided for my singularity.
That was my first visit to Japan.
I stayed in Japan only a few months, during which time I went through a series of hardships.
I stayed in Japan only a few months.
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.
The time came when I had to leave Japan.
It is forty years since I began studying Japanese.
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
He stood up when I went in.
Kuniko had already eaten when I came in.
They stopped quarreling when I came in.
Is there any room for me?
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.
There are several reasons why I have a fever.
If I am a fool, you are another.
The coat I wanted was priced at three hundred dollars.
Whenever I get ready to go shopping, he invariably starts getting on my back.
I'll do the shopping for you.
I'll show you the car I've just bought.
What have you done with the watch I bought for you?
No sooner had I opened the box than a frog jumped out.
It was this book that I borrowed from him.
It is because he is cruel that I dislike him.
It is usually at the coffee shop that I meet him.
I offered him fifty pence and he accepted.
What I told you about him also holds true for his brother.
This is all that I know about him.
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for me to beat him at tennis.
I lied to him and he lied to me in turn.
Every time I went to see him, I found him at work.
It was yesterday that I saw him.
Is there any reason why I must obey him?
I'll give him a piece of advice.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
The money I have given him amounts to $10,000.
What do you think he said when I asked him for a favor?
It is difficult for me to understand him.
When I got to his house, he had already been taken away.
I will take his place.
It is doubtful whether he will accept my proposal or not.
When I entered his room, I found him reading a book.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
Just stay put for a minute while I look for him.
When I called on him, he was talking on the phone.
I invited him to the party and he accepted.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
It is because he is honest that I like him.
There is no reason why I should help him.
It happened that he was out when I visited him.
It was only yesterday that I called on him.
He was absorbed in reading when I visited him.
Would that I had married her!
I will explain it to her.
Every time I went to see her, she went out.
It was yesterday that I met her.
It is ten years since I saw her last.
Some smart alecks cut in when I was asking her to marry me.
The ring I gave her had a tiny stone in it.
I wrote the song for her.
It is a fact that I don't know her name.
If I were in her place, I wouldn't give up yet.
If only I could speak English as fluently as she does!
I kept gazing at her until she, totally confused, dropped her gaze.
As I love her, so she loved me.
She loved her, as I loved her.
It was here that I saw her.
She was absorbed in listening to music when I visited her.
She had been sick for a week when I visited her.
I am far from sad.
It is not so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
The airplane took off as soon as I arrived at the airport.
Miho was in the living room when I visited her.
What I need is not money, but your advice.
Jill was a great comfort to me when I was ill.
Rie Kawada will do my job while I'm gone.
Shun will take over my job while I'm away.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
I admit to being careless.
It isn't what he says that annoys me but the way he says it.
They would never fuss about me if I were Fred Smith.
When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me.
It was when I was eight years old that I climbed Mt. Fuji with my father.
I am to take over my father's business.
I'll take my father's place.
As I entered the room, they applauded.
They stopped talking as soon as I came into the room.
My son had been writing for several hours when I entered the room.
I enter the room, where I found an old man sleeping.
When I entered the room, I found a dog.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
It was my turn to clean the room.
I'm glad it's not coming out of my pocket.
That's not likely in so far as I can see.
That's not what I heard.
We parted the best of friends.
I was about to reply, when he boldly cut in.
As I was walking, it began to rain.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
The only trouble I've ever had was dealing with people who didn't like my personality.
The man that I visited was Mr. Doi.
Every time I call on you, you're out.
Every time I call on you, you are out.
It is Paris that I want to visit.
She was engaged in some interesting work when I arrived.
When I called, he had already set off.
She was out when I called.
In case I forget, please remind me.
There was a large sound when I was reading a book.
What I'd really like is something cold to drink.
Are you suggesting that I am not telling the truth?
Please turn out the light so that I can sleep.
Raise your hand when I call your name.
The first thing I want to do tomorrow is to find a good part-time job.
I will see to it.
She got all the more angry because I kept silent.
When I awoke, he had already been there.
When I woke up, all other passengers had gotten off.
I awoke to find that he had already gone.
The sun had already risen when I woke up.
It was broad daylight when I woke up.
When I came back, my car was gone.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
Wait here until I come back.
Wait here till I return.
Please wait until I come back.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
She was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
I was walking in the park with a friend of mine when it started raining.
As I was taking leave of my friend, he said he would be glad to see me again before long.
What I want is a word processor.
All I want is money.
I want nothing but health.
I'm still waiting for my order.
Every time I drop in to visit, they constantly get in my hair.
Will you look after my dog while I am away?
My sister took care of the dog while I was away.
I'd like you to look after my dog.
I'll get Meg to do my work during my absence.
My house was robbed while I was away.
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.
Do not let go of the rope till I tell you.
There are several good reasons why I have a freezer.
In case I miss the train, don't wait to start.
Do I sound in love?
Please remind me to turn in the paper.
Please answer me when I speak to you.
The man to whom I spoke was a German, not an American.
The man I was talking to is my English teacher.
Be quiet while I am speaking.
While we were speaking, he kept silent.
Be quiet while I'm speaking.
While I was speaking, he said nothing.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
As I was speaking, Mother came up.
Don't interrupt me while I am talking.
Don't interrupt me while I'm speaking.
I like this song; it's got a strong beat and you can dance to it.
I wish to resign from my work for purely personal reasons.
I cannot approve the project.
I read it to my family.
I alone did it.
Nobody was hungry except me.
There was no one left but me.
Not merely I but also he is invited to the party.
I'm afraid we won't be able to help you tomorrow.
I think we can get along well.
We're worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
On TV we saw Mummy's office in flames.
We asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly.
We saw terrible scenes on TV.
We are all anxious about your health.
We listened to the shooting.
What will we be doing this time next week?
I was the shorter of us two.
We talked about cabbages and kings.
You cannot think how good a time we had.
It is dangerous for us to be out after eight o'clock.
We had not gone very far when it started to rain.
It is doubtful if we can get the engine working.
How can we make it up to you for all that you have suffered because of us?
She cut in when we were talking.
It is very important for us to know each other.
When we made fun of her, she blushed.
No wonder we associate bats with dark places.
It is with great pleasure that we welcome you here.
When we told Koko the news, she was silent for about ten minutes.
We have no reason for staying here.
It is five years since we moved here.
The hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake.
We are here because we have a right to be involved in these decisions.
We experience and understand the world through signals that are received by the senses and interpreted by the brain - and both stages are subject to distortion.
It was easy for us to find Jane.
It was a strange chance that we met there again.
The meeting will have finished by the time we get there.
By the time we got there, he had left.
By the time we got there, the ship had left.
When we arrived at the house, Chin and Chilla were sitting at the top of a broad flight of stairs.
Do you remember the day when we saw the accident?
We had scarcely arrived at the Institution for the Blind when I began to make friends with the little blind children.
It began to rain heavily just as we got to the gate.
She turned up just as we were starting our meal.
The meeting will have broken up by the time we arrive.
To know where we are is important.
Do you remember the day when we first met Dick?
The bus had already left when we got to the bus stop.
When we put magnets on the pigeon's heads, what was the reaction?
That we met in Paris was a fortunate accident.
The train left just as we arrived at the platform.
It was too late for us to do anything else.
We have a magnificent view of the ocean from our hotel room.
It had already got dark when we arrived at the hotel.
Our decision to go to Portugal was quite arbitrary.
What we need most is your attendance.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
Therefore it is important for us to be aware of other forms of politeness.
A book, if read through, may be said to be cheaper than anything else.
I remember the happy days we spent together.
The day will come when space travel becomes possible.
It is already five years since we began to study English.
The train had already left when we got to station.
No sooner had we reached the station than it began to rain.
He will be wondering what we are doing.
The day will soon come when we can take a trip to Mars.
There is no problem that we have to solve.
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.
He looked after our dog while we were out.
The lesson which we learned was never to trust anyone.
Not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem.
Hardly had we come home when it began to rain.
We made for a pond at the foot of the hill.
You are welcome to the use of our house while we are away on vacation.
Society will be better if we work together.
To our surprise, Betty won the trophy.
To our surprise, Emi won the 400-meter race with ease.
To our surprise, he won the grand prize.
To our surprise, her prediction came true.
The lion began to roar as we approached.
At the time we got married, his parents had already died.
My father bought this house for us when we got married.
We married seven years ago.
It is already ten years since we got married.
The day will come when we can travel to the moon.
We watched him until he was out of sight.
Of all the houses we've looked at, this one is by far the best.
There are lots of things for us to think about.
There is nothing to prevent us from going.
We found the boy fast asleep.
The higher we went, the colder it became.
It seems that there is no way out of our difficulty.
No sooner had we sat down than she brought us coffee.
The first thing we did was look at the pandas.
Do you remember the day when we first met?
I remember the day when we first met.
We had not finished our work before the bell rang.
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.
That we will win the game is certain.
It is by reading newspapers and books that we can keep up with the time.
The house in which we lived was torn down.
The hotel room where we stayed was shabby.
We had hardly started when it began to rain.
The house was in good order when we left.
Our meeting was purely accidental.
Hardly had we started when it began to rain.
Scarcely had we started out before the sky became overcast and down came the rain again.
I'll never forget the day when we first met.
The day when we first met was a rainy day.
Do you remember the night when we first met?
It is true that we desire to live in a small town.
We all try to get together at least once a year.
It's time for us to go to bed.
As we need fresh air, so fish need clean water.
It's important for us to think about the future of the world.
Your help is necessary to our success.
We need plants in order to live.
As soon as we are born, the world gets to work on us and transforms us from merely biological into social units.
The hotel where we stayed was very comfortable.
You must be the temporary we asked for.
Our delay was due to traffic congestion.
When we arrived, the lecture had already begun.
Just imagine that we can fly like birds.
The plane we boarded was bound for San Francisco.
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
How long had you been waiting when we arrived?
The day when we will arrive falls on Sunday.
It is easy for us to speak Japanese.
It is easy for us to agree with his opinion.
It was not easy for us to find his house.
By the time we reach his town, he will have moved to his new house.
I think it impossible for us to beat him.
It happened that he was ill in bed when we visited him.
There are a lot of problems we can't avoid.
To our great disappointment we failed to carry out intention.
The sort of information we need is not always available.
When we entered the room, he stood up.
Didn't you notice us going out of the room?
He was being taught English by his brother when we called on him.
He had been working on his novel for six months when we visited him.
The next morning, to our great relief, he returned home safe and sound.
It's good for us to eat vegetables every day.
Whether we play tennis tomorrow depends on the weather.
It was because he was ill that we decided to return.
We got three times as many people as we expected.
There are more people than we expected.
Our father used to read us happy stories when we were small.
It is doubtful whether we shall be able to come.
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.
Lake Biwa could be seen from where we were standing.
We need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away.
Who'll take care of the dog while we are gone?
The thief broke into the house while we were away.
There is another question too that we must discuss.
We were awed into silence when we heard the story.
Let's play by ourselves.
We'll carry it to the barn.
Why don't you go to school with us?
Will you play tennis with us?
Why don't you come along with us to the party?
Can you go with us?
How about taking a walk with us?
Why not have dinner with us?
Won't you go out to lunch with us?
Will you tell us a story?
All we can do is carry on the work until we finish it.
To us, school was a place to get away from as soon as possible.
Health is the most precious thing we have.
The important thing to us is a friend.
We admired his wisdom, not to mention his courage.
We have plenty of time to do that.
We have vast amounts of unused information.
We have a right to live wherever we want to.
We have thirteen clubs.
I have two sons. One is in Nara and the other in Tsu.
We have lots of things to do.
We have a holiday cottage in Denver.
We still have masses of work.
We had no water to drink.
We have a lot of assignments for the summer vacation.
We have the right to live where we please.
We have run out of sugar.
We need a sample in addition to materials.
Don't forget that we have homework.
We have a lot of problems to deal with.
We had a little water.
We had little water.
We went by the shop without noticing it.
We have no secrets from each other.
These books have defined and shaped our culture.
Will you sing some English song for us?
Sing us a song, please.
By all means stop in to see us.
Whoever comes to see us is welcome.
There are a number of things we can do to protect our environment.
Our work is all over now.
Would you mind taking a picture of us?
There is food enough for us.
We need mental skills, not manual ones.
Thank you for lending us the book.
You may as well tell us the truth.
This is all the air that is available to us.
Any one of us could do it.
There are few routines in our office.
Our first lesson today is English.
Something funny is always happening in our class.
There are forty-seven students in our class.
Our class has twenty-five boys and twenty girls.
Our class were all glad to hear it.
John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High."
Our class is made up of 30 students.
Our class has a meeting once a week.
Our class is a small one.
Our class went on an excursion to Hakone.
Our club has three times as many members as yours.
Can you persuade him to join our club?
Whoever wants to join our club will be welcome.
Our club will hold its monthly meeting next Wednesday.
We welcome you to our club.
Our club activities are always spoiled by his behavior.
Our group consisted of five persons.
Your impetuous remarks about us seem to have rung down the curtain on our good relationship.
I think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste.
Our garbage is collected three times a week.
Could you take our picture?
You were considerate not to disturb us.
All we should do is wait and see what he'll do.
Not all of us are against her idea.
The odds are even that our team will win the game.
I think it certain our team will the win the game.
Our team is likely to win the game.
I'm sure that our team will win.
I heard the news that our team had won.
I think it certain that our team will win.
Would you like to join our team?
Our team defeated our opponent 5-4.
Our team won their match yesterday.
Our team gained a great victory.
Our television has been out of order for more than a week.
We had unexpected visitors.
Won't you look in on us?
Our bus collided with a truck.
There is a fine view from our balcony.
Our picnic was altogether spoiled by the rain.
Our picnic plates are made of plastic.
The pupils of our eyes contract in sunlight.
Each one of us should do his best.
Who is that boy running toward us?
Our boat won by two lengths.
The end of our trouble is in sight.
Our rocket is being built.
Our stay in London was too short.
Do you agree to our proposal?
There is a gulf between our opinions.
Our athletic meet took place only three days ago.
Our fate depends on your decisions.
Our English teacher is at once strict and kind.
Our English teacher is always on time.
Our English teacher put emphasis on pronunciation.
Our school trip was spoiled by an unusual snowfall.
Our hypothesis is based on thorough experiments.
We overlook the bay from our house.
Our house commands a beautiful view.
We have two unused rooms in our house.
There is a garden at the back of our house.
Our house is large enough for five of us.
Our house is nice, but I still miss the old one.
Our house faces the beach.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
They say our house is too small by Western standards.
Our house stands by the road.
Welcome to our home.
Our household expense got into the red last month.
Even in our family not all of us are of the same race.
What do you think happened to our family?
It is in this room that our meeting will be held.
No other woman in our company is so proud as she.
We lost out to our rival in price competition.
Our conversation always ends in a quarrel.
Our conversation opened, as usual, upon the weather.
How about asking her to join our trip abroad?
Our school encourages sports.
Our school did away with uniforms last year.
We wear uniforms at our school.
An athletic meet is held at our school every day.
Our school has twenty-four classes in all.
Our school has ten classes.
Our school has nine classes.
We have a boxing club in our school.
Our school has about one thousand students.
We have a nice school library.
The youngest teacher at our school is not so young.
An article about our school appeared in the newspaper.
There is a big park near our school.
The principal of our school is an American.
Our school library has many books.
Our school library is small, but new.
Our school's gym is under construction now.
Our school is right across the river.
Our school accepted three Americans as exchange students.
Our school starts at 7:15.
Our school begins at eight-thirty.
Our school was not the same size as yours.
Our school is famous for its club activities.
Our school is ten minutes' walk from here.
Our school stands in the village.
Our school has broken up for the summer.
Our school stands on the hill.
Our school stands on a hill, so we can see the town.
Our school is surrounded by a healthy environment.
Our school stands near the park.
Our school stands on a hill.
Our school is 80 years old.
Our school is fifty years old.
There are more girls than boys in our school.
Our school is in the center of the town.
Our school is larger than theirs.
Our school was founded in the 20th year of Meiji.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
There seems to be a difference in outlook between us.
Our train went through a long tunnel.
Our guest is waiting for us downstairs.
Our vacation will soon come to an end.
Our classroom was kept tidy.
Our plan hasn't the ghost of chance.
In our plans, we failed to take the weather into account.
Are you agreeable to our plan?
Our plan will work out well.
Let's keep our design dark for a short time.
Everything is going well with our plan.
Our plan went wrong from the beginning.
Our plan resulted in failure.
Our plan didn't work in practice.
It goes without saying that our plans depend on the weather.
He would go fishing in spite of our warning.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
Whatever we decide must be approved by the committee.
Are you dissatisfied with our decision?
Our wedding anniversary is coming soon.
Our constitution was drawn up under American guidance.
We call our dog Pochi.
Our exchange students are leaving Japan next week.
Our principal does no teaching.
Our idea did not work in practice.
An overwhelming part of our behavior is learned.
Would you please call off our trip to Hong Kong?
At our high school, French is an elective.
Our high school decides to adopt a new teaching method.
There are about 1000 students at our high school.
The gradual ruin of our country has to be stopped.
In our country we seldom open gifts in the presence of the giver.
We love our country with every grade of love.
Our country desires only peace.
Our first class is math.
Our best efforts availed us little.
Our top priority is to settle the dispute once and for all.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
Our business calls for a lot of people.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
The zoo in our city is large and new.
Our city is getting bigger and bigger.
Our city doesn't have enough public institutions for the aged.
Our thought is expressed by means of language.
Our thought is expressed by means of words.
All our attempts were in vain.
Our dog was run over by a truck.
Our office is on the northern side of the building.
Our office is located the center of the city.
Our office is located in the center of the town.
What passes for leisure in our society is actually time-consuming.
Please accept our heartfelt apologies.
Let's see if our cars have enough gas.
Our car ran out of petrol after ten minutes.
Our car is three years older than yours.
Our car met theirs near the station.
Our car ran out of gas after ten minutes.
Our chief concern should be the aging of society.
Our letters crossed each other.
He works too slowly to be helpful to us.
Let's keep beautiful nature around us.
Our meeting was quite accidental.
It's time to leave.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Our paths have crossed very often.
Our request for a pay rise was turned down.
Our boss looks over every paper presented to him.
Our ship was approaching the harbor.
Our plane took off at exactly twelve o'clock.
Our plane was about thirty minutes late.
The plane we were aboard was flying over the Pacific toward Wake Island at a height of 3,000 meters.
She got in at 9 p.m.
Our office is very comfortable with air conditioning.
All our food was rotten.
Our diet is full of variety.
It is in April that our school years start.
What do you think of our new abode?
We went about in the woods.
It is bold of him to refuse our offer.
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.
We have a lot of English books in the library.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller.
Let's try to make our world better.
Do not leave our generation without hope.
Our characters are completely different.
Changes in society come from individuals.
Our success, after all, is due to his earnest efforts.
Our success depend on your efforts.
Our success was, in the main due to his efforts.
Our life depends largely on oil imported from other countries.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
If you compare our product with others, you'll see ours is far better in quality.
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.
I do not know the woman talking to our teacher.
Our teacher is well spoken of.
Our teacher is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
Our teacher frequently overlooked the names of people on the list.
Our teacher looks very young.
Our teacher always tells us that keeping up with world events by reading the newspaper is very important.
Our teacher is not always kind to us.
Our teacher is always cool.
Our teacher is in a good temper.
Our teacher ordered Jim to go home at once.
Our teacher demonstrated the experiment in chemistry.
Our teacher hates his students to ask questions while he is giving a lecture.
Our teacher must have studied English hard when he was a high school student.
Our teacher permitted us to use a dictionary during the test.
Our teacher sometimes speaks quickly.
Our teacher comes to school by car.
Our teacher is punctual for the classes.
Our teacher began singing a song well.
Our teacher tried to use a new method of teaching English.
Our teacher is a sincere person, so I look up to him.
Our teacher is fresh out of college.
Our teacher looks young for her age.
Our teacher was a beautiful lady, but was not the type of person who dressed up.
We sail for San Francisco on Monday.
When our ship entered the port, she was no better than a raft.
I like both plays in our anthology very much.
The scene lying before us was very beautiful.
What is that in front of us?
There is a suspension bridge ahead of us.
There lie many difficulties before us.
We saw a castle ahead of us.
Our ancestors came to this country 150 years ago.
Our existence is a miracle in itself.
There were fewer children attending school in our village in 1975 than in 1965.
Many of us are hostile to the consumption tax.
Any student in our college can use the computer.
Our university consists of eight departments.
Our university graduates 1,000 students every year.
We came to the conclusion that the ideology was behind the times.
Can you name anyone that we know who is as talented as he is?
As far as we know, the earth is the only planet to have oceans.
None of us is so foolish as to believe that he was telling the truth.
There is not one of us who does not want to help you.
None of us are against his idea.
None of us are against her idea.
Why don't you join our party?
It is to your advantage to join us.
If our advice had been acted upon, you would not have got into trouble.
What happened to our order?
I wonder if it will snow in our town this winter.
A clean river flows through our town, and we can see many carp swimming in it.
There are many parks in our town.
There is a library in our city.
There is a large lake near our town.
There is a large river near our town.
Our city was covered with smog.
Our town is on the East Side of the river.
Our town is notorious for its muddy roads.
Our garden has two cherry trees.
There are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden.
Our suggestions were, in effect, almost the same.
Our suggestions met with his opposition.
Those who buy this comic book in our store are mostly junior high school students.
Our electric heater did not work well.
For all our efforts, things have not turned out better.
Nothing has resulted from our efforts.
There were black clouds over our heads.
The rest of us are to stay behind.
Much of our daily living must consist of routine that requires little or no mental effort.
The difference in our ages is not significant.
There is no end to our troubles.
Our confidence in him is gone.
We haven't changed how we think of her.
Our plane took off from Narita two hours late, so we missed our flight in Hong Kong.
Our plane is flying over the clouds.
Our plane took off exactly at 6 p.m.
Our plane leaves at noon, arriving in Okinawa at 1:30.
Let's clean our room.
We did everything for our part.
It seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable.
Let's decide on the places we'll visit.
Our monthly income has to cover food, rent, clothing, transportation, and so on.
Our dream has come true, at last!
What is that big building in front of us?
The purpose of our trip is to visit friends and see some tourist spots.
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
We have two tall players in our baseball team.
Our baseball team is very strong.
Our team defeated them by 5-0 at baseball.
Will you join our baseball club?
If it weren't for our friendship I would be miserable.
Our friends are anxious to return to Chicago.
A thief broke into the house while we were away.
The weather favored our travel.
What happened to our food?
Our pointer took off after a big deer.
The man who lives next door to us is a famous actor.
Our neighbors were compelled to sell their houses.
Our train left at two, arriving there at seven.
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.
Our train arrived on time.
Our train was an hour late because of the heavy snow.
Our love affair was as short-lived as a soap-bubble.
Our words are potentially ambiguous.
Our planet moves in space with the lightness of a bird in flight.
We were flying about six hours.
We buy CDs.
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up!
We are looking forward to hearing about your trip.
We're a mixed group and I never knew who was a Serb, a Croat or a Muslim.
We like Green stadium.
We get on and off the bus here.
We came to the conference knowing this, but it seems that you did not.
We are leaving this country for good.
We insist that during the next three days you make decisions which are fair to all generations and which show an active concern for the environment.
We have been discussing minor matters; it's high time we began talking turkey.
We enjoyed ourselves at a sukiyaki party.
We need not attend the meeting.
I studied hard to enter the school.
We held a meeting with a view to discussing the problem.
We will move into our new house next month if it is completed by then.
We never thought of it as impossible to carry out.
We have to hire a room to hold the party in.
We are basketball players.
We passed the time playing pachinko.
We regard Dr. Brown as the best heart specialist in the United States.
We have found the Messiah.
We should be more talkative.
We should be more careful to recycle more trash.
We are not too young to tell what love is like.
We played baseball until it was too dark to see the ball any more.
We are doctors.
We have isolated one patient from the rest.
We talked cheerfully over a cup of coffee.
We like music.
We study music.
We stayed with them all through the summer.
We absented ourselves from school.
We went to Gifu.
I climbed the mountain last summer.
We gave the church another coat of paint.
We have heard of your success in the exam.
We must cut down our expenses.
We waited at the scene of the accident till the police came.
We saw a stranger enter the house.
We got stuck in a traffic jam, which made us twenty minutes late.
We hired a boat by the hour in the park.
We must go there whether we like it or not.
We went hunting in the forest and caught two deer yesterday.
We went shopping in Shibuya yesterday.
We visited Yokohama on business.
We like children.
We saw the children enter the room.
We have a right to demand a safe future for ourselves and future generations.
We know that we are all people of one world.
We try.
We didn't know what to do next.
We should not impose our opinions on other people.
We can derive pleasure from books.
We go to Odawara castle.
We found to our joy that all the crew were alive.
We ordered some new books from abroad.
We found it difficult to walk in the deep snow.
We are human.
We all wish for permanent world peace.
We walked along the busy street, singing old songs.
We were destined to get married from the time we were born - Not!
We talked in a low voice so as not to wake the baby.
We learned that the earth goes around the sun.
We take a rest at noon.
We heard the explosion and saw the house burst into flames.
We have the question whether he did it by himself or not.
We found out where he lives.
We were thoroughly satisfied with his work.
We are his sons.
We know the fact that she was born in Canada.
We could not but weep at the sad news.
We usually have lunch at noon.
We should save wild animals.
We learned that oil floats on water.
We are different from animals in that we can speak.
We ran a hundred-meter dash.
We went on board at ten.
Although we waited until ten o'clock, Bill never showed up.
We won the match by 10 to 4.
We have been good friends for ten years.
We talked till after eleven o'clock.
We graduate from high school at eighteen.
We're going to the party in eighteenth century costumes.
We have lived in this town since 1960.
We arrived at the hotel an hour ago.
We camped there for a week.
We paid an account of 1000 dollars.
We are giving the first prize to a Japanese student.
We hired a rent-a-car by the day.
We feed our dog three times a day.
We must sleep at least seven hours a day.
We own a dog and a cat.
We met in Europe a few years ago.
We are living in the latter half of the twentieth century.
We had a short vacation in February.
We alternated two hours of work and ten minutes of rest.
We walked for two hours.
We intended to stay there about two weeks.
We are taking a fortnight's holiday.
Both of us want to see the movie.
Both of us are from Tampa.
We are both in the same class.
We lost by two points.
We were never to see her again.
We believe there was an accident at the corner two days ago.
We keep two goats.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
We lost the game 3-0.
We stood talking for half an hour.
We have to pay taxes by March 15.
We lost the game 3-2.
We moved here separately three years ago.
We returned to Osaka on April 2.
We're going to set off at four.
We stayed roommates for four years.
We have a soccer tournament in May.
We were to be married in May but had to postpone the marriage until June.
We felt dead from the five-hour trip.
We are to get married in June.
We will get married in June.
We are to meet at six.
We are to eat at six.
We have lived in Tokyo for six years.
We were to have met there at seven.
We ate breakfast at seven.
We arrived on the morning of the seventh.
We went camping in August.
We reached school at eight-thirty.
We will be studying at the University of San Francisco in September.
We have to be at work by nine.
We exchanged greetings.
We have a party tomorrow evening.
We are going to cycle to the lake tomorrow.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
We are very grateful for what you did.
We are anxious for news of your safe arrival.
We will keep you informed of things that happen here in Japan.
We have come to pay you a visit.
We're hoping you'll support us.
We cannot thank you enough.
We are happy to see you again.
We are grateful to you for your kindness.
We are awaiting your answer.
We will take your feelings into account.
We are in favor of your plan.
We are thankful for your kindness.
We were delighted to hear of your success.
We waited for you all day long.
I have been instructed to take you to the airport.
We all stand by you to the last.
We believe in that man.
We went in search of an apartment.
We drove too fast to enjoy the beautiful scenery.
We have too many classes.
We import grain from the United States.
We import flour from America.
We went to church every Sunday when we were in America.
We have lived in the U.S. for ten years now.
We are not Americans.
We prepared snacks beforehand.
We put all the resources to use in writing up this paper.
We passed by the door of a certain unfurnished room.
We were held up for two hours on account of an accident.
If we see any utility in a plant, we help it to grow.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
We were made to copy some English words.
We found trouble everywhere.
We were welcomed at every turn.
When will we get there?
We'll welcome you at any time.
We will be together forever.
We'll always be friends.
We usually talked in English.
We always spend our vacation by the sea.
We used to meet on our way to school.
We always begin with the hardest problems.
We are always moving with the earth.
We always looked down on him.
We may fall ill at any moment.
We looked for our lost puppy, but in vain.
We sat round the fire.
We appointed Mr Wood chairman.
We associate Egypt with the Nile.
We have given Edgar Degas a voice that we hope suits him.
We can cut down on our use of energy.
We went up and down in the elevator.
We are speaking on behalf of the young people of Australia.
We are Australians.
We are looking forward to our uncle's visit.
We arrived home late.
We must stop using ozone-depleting chemicals immediately.
We need some money.
We are short of money.
We are going to look into the disappearance of the money.
We work to get money.
We ought to love one another.
We love each other.
We enjoyed talking with each other.
We looked at each other.
We need to help each other.
We must help each other.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
We have corresponded with each other.
We should try to understand one another.
We got a little bored with each other.
We should be kind to each other.
We could understand each other.
We conversed until late at night while eating cake and drinking tea.
We were chatting over tea.
We should get to Chicago by lunchtime.
We are hungry.
We stood on the brink of a cliff.
We went skiing in Canada.
We visited quite a few places.
We went down a river by canoe.
We failed to persuade him.
We had a narrow escape from the explosion.
We played soccer yesterday.
We talked about yesterday's test.
We had a good time at the beach yesterday.
We cleaned our classroom yesterday.
We discussed the new plan yesterday.
We played baseball yesterday.
We're fed up with your complaining.
We have no school today.
We conducted our investigation with the greatest care.
We're classmates.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
We talked over a cup of coffee.
We discussed our plans for a trip to Italy over coffee.
We had a chat over a cup of coffee.
We talked about the question over a cup of coffee.
We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.
We can play either tennis or baseball here.
We came by several small villages on our way here.
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.
We are about to leave here.
I have seen his glory.
We have no choice but to carry on.
We shall never forget helping each other like this.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
We must tear down this house.
We are the students of this school.
We are inclined to forget this fact.
We have overlooked this important fact.
We used to swim in this river a lot.
We went to a dance last Friday.
We have lived in this town for five years.
We have dealt with this store for 16 years.
We must read this book again and again.
Can we reach a consensus on this issue?
We have to take this problem into consideration.
We must deal with this problem.
We mustn't give way to these impudent demands.
We have supplied those families with food.
We cannot put up with their rudeness any longer.
We knew that Columbus visited America in 1492.
We acted the story of Columbus.
We took part in the contest.
This is the mildest winter that we have ever experienced.
We cannot deal with such a difficult problem.
This is how we make ice cream.
We need a signed receipt.
We only have simple wants.
We eat soup with a spoon.
We are soccer players.
I went through a lot of trouble.
We ate sandwiches, cakes, and so on.
We learned at school that Shakespeare was born in 1564.
We saw Jane swimming across the river.
We are going to invite Jane and Ellen.
We made friends with Jane.
We saw a jet plane fly across the sky.
We had a stopover in Chicago.
We followed the deer's tracks.
We often call America the land of liberty.
We often make mistakes.
We often talked about Japanese politics.
We had a chat for a while.
We were going to play chess for some time.
We talked for some time.
We rested for a while.
We took a rest for a while.
We have eaten no meat for several days.
We listened to her for some time.
Having walked for some time, we came to the lake.
Having walked for sometime, we came to the lake.
We elected Jim captain of our baseball team.
We all went to the party except Joe.
We wandered round the shopping center.
We haven't seen each other for such a long time.
We fitted ourselves out for skiing.
We went to the mountain to ski.
We put the skis on the top of our car.
Chance has thrown us together at a skiing resort.
We were able to start catching fish soon.
We lost no time hurrying to the spot.
We must appoint a new teacher soon.
We lost no time coming out of the shop.
I caught up with them soon.
I telephoned her at once.
We enjoyed skating.
We ate steak and drank wine.
We have already learned English.
We've already had a family commitment.
We've already done our work.
We had a wonderful weekend.
We had a lovely meal.
We had an oral exam.
We were soaked to the skin but very happy.
We want to learn some Spanish songs.
We like English the best of all our subjects.
We should try to treat everybody with justice.
We have consumed all the natural resources.
We went for a scenic drive as far as Lake Superior.
We need the receipt Mr Smith signed.
We have a lot of work to do.
We rested there for an hour.
We spent happy days there all the summer.
We got on the bus there.
We caught some large fish there.
We stayed there for three months.
We met him on the way there.
We had no choice but to go there.
We searched for the two boys everywhere, but neither could be found.
We were surprised at the big lion.
We clashed on that matter.
We transported the computer to the office.
We enjoyed watching the TV.
We were in a hurry then.
We never got a clear explanation of the mystery.
We are surprised at the news.
We are delighted at having been invited.
We had already sent the letters of invitation to the party.
We could not tell the twins one from the other.
We checked out of the hotel at ten.
We will take part in the marathon.
We are supposed to know the rules.
We applauded the performer.
We were excited by the sounds.
We painted the house green.
We had known the painter before he became famous.
We continued negotiations with the company.
We were looking at the picture.
We pushed the rock hard in vain.
We should understand the underlying premises.
We put the desk by that window.
We made the most of the opportunity.
We took part in the discussion.
We are tired of the professor's old joke.
We are in on the project.
We agreed to the plan.
We gave up the plan.
We decided to carry out the plan.
We have to think over the plan.
We saw him the night that we went to see the play.
We were disillusioned with the result.
We are disappointed at the results.
We are not quite satisfied with the result.
We must appeal to public opinion about the matter.
We debated the matter at length.
We named the dog White.
We have made use of the laboratory.
We must find out the cause and get rid of it.
We saw the old building pulled down.
We swam in the lake.
We were surprised at the sight.
We make the most of the opportunity.
We put up at an inn at the foot of the mountain.
We exerted ourselves to finish the job.
We saw the child get on the bus.
We stopped the child from getting into mischief.
We gave blood to help the child.
We have to learn the whole poem by heart.
We had to learn the poem by heart.
We won the match.
I'm afraid we'll lose the game.
We will have to postpone the game.
We were excited to see the game.
We spent a good deal of money on the project.
We were witnesses of the accident.
We can apply this rule to that case.
I have not heard from her since then.
We attempted the experiment.
We insisted on its importance.
We translated the novel from Japanese into English.
We know absolutely nothing about the bird's life whatever.
We restrained the boy from breaking the window.
We were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings.
We calculated that we could reach the place within two weeks.
We had a friendly talk with the gentleman.
We are very grateful to those people.
We named the boat the Half Moon.
We have got used to that noise.
We went down to the valley where the village is.
We bought the man's house.
We beat the man up.
We help the news to be true.
We were astonished at the news.
We were surprised to hear the news.
We arrived at the city, where we stayed for a week.
We came to the town, where we stayed for a week.
We let the bird fly.
We had no choice but to wait for a while until the store opened.
We were ignorant that the store was closed on Thursdays.
We run the store jointly.
We want to do the sights of the city.
We have to dispose of the land.
We should confine the discussion to the question at issue.
We walked ten miles that day.
We named the cat Mimi.
We were startled at the explosion.
We should have paid attention to the announcement.
When the program finished, we switched the radio off.
We played on the beach.
We sat in the center of the room.
We were surprised at the sound.
We succeeded in settling the dispute.
We considered the report as false.
We must consider every aspect of the problem.
We'd better take up this issue immediately.
We should consider the problem from a child's point of view.
We should look into the problem.
We consulted them about the problem.
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.
We were sorry for the old couple.
We thought it was a nice plan.
We assume that it is natural.
Each of us took hold of one end of the table and carried it to a corner of the room.
We had a heated discussion about it.
We won't be able to learn all of the words by heart.
We are always conscious of the signs.
We have the exclusive right to sell them.
We had a long discussion as to what to do about it.
We anticipate it with much pleasure.
We believed it to be a flying saucer.
We watch it and laugh a lot.
We will make it public.
We knew it all along.
We call it the Evening Star.
We took strong measures to prevent it.
We usually have our main meal of the day in the evening.
We danced about the fire.
We export a lot of automobiles to that country.
We got on like a house on fire.
It happens that we have two copies of Catcher in the Rye.
It happens that we have the same birthday.
It happened that we were on the same train.
We played a good knife and fork.
Each of us has something in us that longs for a sense of oneness with others.
All of us have an interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
We had a good time playing chess.
We tried to make the most of our chances.
We are the champions.
I finally found the solution to the problem.
We found the key at last.
We danced to the disco music.
We enjoyed the dinner to the full.
We placed a white tablecloth over the table.
We walked on the banks of the Thames.
The guide said that we had better set out as soon as possible.
Heaven knows we've done everything we can.
We will take part in a tennis match.
We hope to organize a tennis club.
We saw a funny program on TV.
We watched the soccer game on TV.
We watched a new program on television.
We had to do without a TV set.
We can hardly imagine our daily life without television.
We are watching TV.
We enjoy watching TV.
We slept in a tent.
We heard the door close.
We painted the door green.
We didn't know what to do.
Finally, we got to the Mississippi.
We finally got to the summit.
We took the cross-channel ferry from Dover to Calais.
We are liable to be lazy.
We go to the movies together once in a while.
We sometimes swim in the lake.
We sometimes make mistakes.
Where shall we get on a bus?
Where can we get what we want?
We didn't know which bus to take.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
We had a very vigorous debate.
We were so excited that we couldn't sit still.
We went up so high that we could get the whole view of the city.
We were very tired, so that we stayed home.
We were very tired.
We were very tired, and to make matters worse, it began to rain.
We consider Tom honest.
We think of Tom as an honest man.
We have made friends with Tom.
We had Tom paint the wall.
We are giving Tom a party on his birthday.
We elected Tom captain of the team.
We had a good time playing cards.
We have to defend our country at any expense.
We are apt to watch television, irrespective of what program is on.
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks.
We discussed what to do and where to go.
We managed to get through to each other.
We have to use every means to persuade him.
We came through a busy street.
We learned that Newton discovered the law of gravitation.
We were caught in a shower.
We were sitting peacefully at dinner, when all of a sudden the lights went out.
We enjoyed singing songs at the party.
We went to the party and had a pleasant time.
We were not invited to the party.
We went ahead with the plan for the party.
We celebrated his birthday with a party.
We cut the pie in two.
We go to school by bus.
We got to the station in time to catch the bus.
We may have missed the bus.
We hurried to catch the bus.
We chartered a bus.
We are using a new process to make butter.
We rely on Patty because she never breaks her promises.
We saw a patrol car running at full speed.
We are watching a class at the Paris Opera.
Not only did we go to Paris, but we also visited Rome.
We studied the road map of the country around Paris.
We will travel to Los Angeles by way of Hawaii.
We live on bread and rice.
We made brochures at small cost.
We sang in chorus to the piano.
We live within easy access of Heathrow.
We adore picnics.
We pigged out on pizza and beer.
We cry when we are very sad.
We waited for the news with a lot of anxiety.
We usually have breakfast at 7:30.
We usually play tennis after school.
We got many grapes.
We learned Russian instead of French.
We think Venice a fascinating city.
We chose Henry captain of our team.
We'll cross the river in a boat.
We went to Boston, where we stayed a week.
We didn't go so far as Boston.
We checked in at the hotel at 5 p.m.
We should save money for a rainy day.
We have to save money against a rainy day.
The first thing we should do is write and thank your brother-in-law for his hospitality.
We must, first of all, be careful of our health.
We look forward to seeing you again.
We had words again last night.
We have yet to know the truth.
We're going to come again.
We will know the truth before long.
We agreed to leave soon.
We worked like so many ants.
All of us like you very much.
We all regard Thomas Edison as a great inventor.
All of us were excited with the result of the experiment.
We all wear uniforms to school.
We are all looking forward to seeing you.
We all hummed to the music.
We were all present at the party.
All of us listened to the music as if we were charmed by the moonlight.
We were all present at the meeting.
We all wish for happiness.
We will all stand by you to the last.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in exams.
We all consider it wrong to cheat on the test.
We all helped with the harvest.
We are all eager to know the truth.
All of us looked through the window.
We were all surprised at the news of his death.
We all took him to be a great scholar.
We were all surprised at the news of her death.
All of us stared at her.
All of us stared at her; she had changed so much.
We are all liable to disease.
We all hope for peace.
All of us stood up.
We were all anxious for your return.
All of us must die some day.
We played all together.
We all enjoyed the film.
We all made preparation for the meeting.
All of us were surprised at the news.
We all searched high and low for the missing documents, but they were never found.
We are all apt to be careless at times.
All of us were happy at the table.
We all make mistakes.
We all live on the earth.
We were all anxious for his first return in ten years.
We are all convinced of his innocence.
We are all convinced of his success.
All of us were silent.
We all caught flu, and so did the teacher.
We chose Mary a good birthday present.
We walked another hundred yards.
We decided to lie hidden for a few days.
We have been studying English for three years now.
I reckon we'll see him once more.
We ought to leave now.
We'll soon be happy, won't we?
We've been here long enough.
It seems to me that we should go now.
Hadn't we better go now?
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier?
We ought to have talked it over much earlier.
We need to study more.
We were late, owing to the heavy snow.
We will be seeing you again before long.
We managed to bring him around to our way of thinking.
We were sitting comfortably.
We mix with the good, not with the bad.
We should distinguish a good book from a bad one.
Please keep in mind that we have to be with other students.
We would often give each other little presents.
We often eat lunch together.
We often enjoyed going to the movies.
We used to play in the park.
After much consideration, we accepted his offer.
We used to talk about our future.
We would often go swimming in the river.
We often went fishing in the river.
We often compare Japan with Britain.
We would often talk about our future.
We had a sound sleep.
We turned on the radio.
We listen to the radio.
We ate some apples.
We had dinner at a restaurant.
We went to a restaurant.
We entered the restaurant and had lunch.
We entered a restaurant and discussed the energy crisis over our dinner.
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.
We cut off the rope.
We are having a nice time in Rome.
We went to Rome, where we stayed a week.
We arrived at a hotel in Rome.
We called Robert "Bob".
We flew from London to New York.
We got to know each other in London.
We went to see a comedy in London.
We use only the best brand of wine.
We set up our tents before dark.
We sang around the fire when it got dark.
We will reach London before dark.
We will reach Tokyo before dark.
We saw something white in the dark.
We went in after the guide.
We lived in Paris before.
We are better off than we used to be.
We could accomplish what we had started before.
We used to live in Kobe.
We want the committee to work out this problem.
We want the committee to work out the details.
We are the great communicators.
We had better call the doctor.
We cannot go any farther without a rest.
We listened carefully in order not to miss a single word.
We walked together as far as the next station.
We had always been close.
We joined in on the chorus.
We enjoyed singing songs together.
We were eating lunch together.
We must work hard.
We have to do the work in a day.
We generally drink tea after a meal.
We saw the first star shining in the sky.
We were made to stand in line.
We queued up for the bus.
We depend upon the river for the supply of water to drink.
We didn't eat out this evening only because it was raining hard.
We'll start as soon as it stops raining.
We were going along in the rain.
We went out in spite of the rain.
We do not become good drivers by concentrating on driving as such.
We're in the same boat.
We are flying above the clouds.
We're going to the movies.
We are going to the movies. Come with us.
We cannot live on it forever.
We enjoyed swimming.
We learned that English is an international language.
We make not a few mistakes when speaking in English.
We learned how to read English.
We must study English.
We had good time, learning English.
We parted at the station at three.
We reached the station on time.
We live close to the station.
We hurried to the station only to miss the train.
We stayed at a hotel in front of the station.
We lost almost all our away games.
We sailed from Yokohama to Kobe.
We received a warm welcome.
We enjoyed listening to the music.
We stopped talking so that we could hear the music.
We were alive to what was going on.
We need something to eat.
We must have something to live for.
We managed to get some foreign stamps.
We lack nothing.
We waited for hours and hours.
We hoped some students would come, but there were none in the classroom.
We have carried on a correspondence for years.
We went to the coast for our summer vacation.
We camped there through summer vacation.
We saw all the houses pulled down one after another.
We have just bought two pieces of furniture.
We must keep up the family traditions.
We set out for home.
We sat around the fire in a circle.
We kept the fire burning.
We hurried in the direction of the fire.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
We loaded our baggage into the car.
We are given to regretting our past.
The moment we met, we fell in love with each other.
We will debate this subject at the meeting.
We delayed the meeting for a week.
We thought the meeting was going to be short, but it actually went on for almost three hours.
We had to put off the meeting.
We sat at the back of the hall.
We swam in the sea.
We walked along the beach.
We glutted ourselves with lobsters and other seafood.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in examination.
We are all born mad.
We all agree with you.
We threw the ball in turn so that everyone could have a try.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in the examination.
We have been watching your negotiations.
All of us want to live as long as possible.
All of us talk in English.
We all mourned for the people killed in the accident.
We are all eager for world peace.
We all long for our graduation.
All of us know him well.
We all wished for peace.
Why aren't you going to the sugar shack? Because we're all busy.
We must learn a lot about foreign countries.
We go to school to learn.
We were caught in a shower on our way from school.
We learn a good deal at school.
We have to wear school uniforms at school.
We study English at school.
We learn English at school.
We had an early lunch at school.
We hurried for fear we should be late for school.
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
We met in front of the school.
We spent a lot of time on our lessons.
We went to school by bus.
We must go to school.
We were caught in a shower on the way to school.
We are students.
We made a check of the student' records.
We have not seen each other since our school days.
We saw a joyful sight.
We cheerfully discussed the matter over a drink.
We have agreed on the rate of discount.
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.
We must try to protect the environment.
We were made to practice three hours a day by the manager.
We often use gestures to convey simple messages.
It won't be long before we can live together.
We are apt to make mistakes.
We may have made a mistake.
I am afraid we are advancing in the wrong direction.
We bought a round table.
We sat in a ring.
We're willing to help you.
We should obey the rules.
We must conform to the rules.
We have the ability to remember.
We fulfill our obligations.
We started a campaign against smoking.
We had a good time at a coffee shop.
We ate a quick lunch in a coffee lounge.
We ate lunch in a coffee lounge.
We went on a picnic to the hill.
We decided on a trip to Singapore for our vacation.
We are back in school again after the holidays are over.
We are making plans for the holidays.
We enjoyed our holidays to the full.
We sought the shade to rest.
We camped there over the holiday.
We used to go to the seaside on holiday.
We were in a hurry.
We ate a hasty meal and left immediately.
We need not have hurried.
We climbed a sharp slope.
We are crying.
We couldn't help weeping.
We saw the waiter coming through the door.
We make milk into butter.
We bought a grand piano which took up half of our living room.
We walked up and down the streets of Kyoto.
We were associated in the enterprise.
We are afraid.
We are living in fear, we are suffering, we are not enjoying the sun and flowers, we are not enjoying our childhood.
We must clean our class.
We tried to figure out the problem our professor had given us, but it seemed confusing.
We walked along a narrow path.
We'll have to talk this matter over in the near future.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
We played catch in a park near by.
We insisted on rich and poor being treated alike.
We deposit money in a bank.
We looked at the sky, but couldn't see any stars.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
We met her brother at the shop by chance.
We met her by accident.
We are accustomed to wearing shoes.
We cannot help missing you badly.
We have the same problems as you.
Let us give you a piece of advice.
We require your help.
We are anxious for your success in the examination.
We'll go along with your suggestion.
We lost sight of him in the crowd.
We are brother and sister.
We'd better not change the schedule.
We have to change our plan.
We found it hard to change the plan.
We met Mrs. Brown at the theater.
We must make up our minds, and soon!
We will become happy in the long run.
It is thirty years since we married.
We are dating with a view to marriage.
We are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon.
We are related by blood.
We learned that the moon goes around the earth.
We often eat foods which are harmful to our health without knowing it.
We keep three dogs and a cat.
We named the dog Pochi.
We see what we expect to see.
We climbed the steep slope.
We climbed up the steep mountain.
We should never use an atomic bomb again.
We should make use of atomic energy.
I went to the theater to see a modern drama.
We express our thoughts by means of languages.
We use words to communicate.
We must respect the rights of the individual.
We saw some old houses pulled down.
We did so after an old custom.
We are trying to do away with the old customs.
We bought a used train car.
We learn about ancient Rome and Greece.
We had no notion of leaving our hometown.
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.
We went on a picnic at the lake.
We walked along the shore of the lake.
We went swimming in the lake.
As soon as we got to the lake, we started swimming.
We went fishing in the lake.
We have walked all around the lake.
We set a trap to catch a fox.
We walked about five miles.
We arrived at the station at five.
We consoled each other.
We live many miles distant from each other.
We had to cooperate with each other.
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.
We sat down to dinner in opposition to each other.
We helped one another.
We met at two in the afternoon.
We were to have taken off at 4:30 p.m.
We were arriving in Chicago at 9:00 p.m.
We were studying all afternoon.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
It is easy for us to make many mistakes.
We alternated in cleaning the room.
We were held up for half an hour in the traffic and so we arrived late.
We know how to get around traffic congestion.
We took a back road to avoid the heavy traffic.
We often played house in the park.
We happened to meet her in the park.
We got together in the park.
We sat on the bench in the park.
We ran around the park.
We took a walk in the park.
We must think further about public morality.
We act without fear or favor.
We took advantage of the good weather to play tennis.
We took advantage of the sunny weather to go on a picnic.
We must keep the law to live happily.
We've tried every conceivable method, but absolutely nothing works.
We criticized her for her behavior.
We came back by way of Hong Kong.
We study many subjects in high school.
We are high school students.
We tried hard to get first prize in the chorus contest.
We put up the flags on national holidays.
I have a black and a white dog.
We have to act now.
We've played a lot of matches this season.
We are still clinging to the dreams of our youth.
We still believe it true that he is innocent.
We cannot earn our bread with the present wages.
We are to pay back the money within the week.
We will have been studying English for five years next February.
We'll go on a picnic next Sunday.
We must adapt to today's harsh realities.
We are not speaking.
We are at home today.
We had an examination in mathematics today.
We are hoping to visit Spain this summer.
It looks as though we shall have to go without a holiday this year.
We are in for an unusually hot summer this year.
We have a party this evening.
We had better not stay up too late tonight.
We have been invited to dinner this evening.
We must look after her children this evening.
We are to meet him at seven this evening.
We are leaving for Hawaii tonight.
We should help people in need.
We pulled together to get out of hardship.
We had a casual meeting on the crowded street.
We saw Mr Sato leave the room.
I take my tea without sugar.
We saw what looked like an oasis in the desert.
We sat speaking this and that.
No sooner had we sat down than we found it was time to go.
We really hope another war will not break out.
We must develop the renewable energy sources.
We must develop renewable energy sources.
We are prepared for the worst.
We disputed the victory to the end.
We have to put off making a final decision until next week.
We were able to catch the last train.
We learned what we should do first.
We trained hard for the game at first.
We gain wisdom with age.
We had to go up and down the slopes.
We are great Tigers fans.
I did not read a book yesterday.
We played a baseball game yesterday.
We played tennis yesterday.
We played basketball yesterday.
We are to have met yesterday.
We had a chat over tea yesterday.
We had an examination yesterday.
We went to the play yesterday.
We had a fire drill yesterday.
We arrived here safely yesterday.
We worked on a farm last summer.
We met last year and hope to meet again next year.
We went to Hawaii last year for the first time.
We enjoyed the quiz show on television last night.
We attended the party last evening.
We enjoyed playing chess last night.
We went to the movies last night.
We had a good time last night.
We didn't go out last night. We could have gone to the movies, but we decided to stay home.
We got to Washington in time for the cherry blossoms.
We had three tries and failed each time.
We looked down on the plain from the hilltop.
We went halfway up the mountain.
We passed a night in a mountain hut.
We spread out and began to search through the woods.
We have to catch up on our work as soon as possible.
We have been enjoying peace for more than 40 years.
We want to have a large family.
We have to put up with a lot of noise when the children are at home.
We kept the children quiet.
We accustomed our children to sleeping alone.
We have known each other since we were children.
We did everything for the welfare of our children.
We used to bathe in this river in our childhood.
We never lose a certain sense we had when we were kids.
We are tired of being treated like children.
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.
We met at a certain place in the city.
We are not all that safe.
We made an appeal for support.
We stood face to face with death.
We have to do something for the dead.
We came to the conclusion that we should support the movement.
We wondered what we could do.
We want to put our money to good use.
We named our dog White.
We chose Father as a neutral judge of our disputes.
We clean ourselves there.
We lost the game.
We exhausted our funds.
We couldn't carry out our project because of a lack of funds.
We should always wear a seatbelt in case we have an accident.
We were held up for two hours on account of the accident.
We are bound to make mistakes from time to time.
We have plenty of time.
We hired a boat by the hour.
We had better save our time and money.
We hired a bout by the hour.
We study according to the schedule.
Will we arrive on time?
We go fishing once in a while.
We see them on occasion.
We meet him on occasion at the club.
We go fishing together once in a while.
We read newspapers so that we may not fall behind the times.
We should do away with out-of-date customs.
We have to get off at the next station.
We are getting off at the next station.
We leave Japan at 3 p.m. next Friday.
We must try our best lest we should lose the next game.
We hear with our ears.
We hear music with our ears.
We hear with ears.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
We must keep nature in good condition.
We rented bicycles and saw the sights of Hagino.
We drove through village after village, until we got to our destination.
We must stand up for our rights.
We often express our emotions nonverbally.
We must take good care of ourselves.
We must cling to our faith.
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.
We have our dinner between seven and seven-thirty.
We must reflect on our failure.
We criticized the photographer for not rescuing the child first.
We should conform to the customs of society.
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.
We got into a car.
We got behind the car and pushed.
We are looking for a house with a garage.
We want a young man. As long as he is honest, any boy will do.
We must be loyal to our principles.
We watched the baseball game with excitement.
We can do nothing about it.
We have many things in common: hobbies, educational backgrounds, for instance.
We have many things in common: hobbies, educational background, and so on.
We indulged in conversation and drink.
We speak English in class.
We have to meet the demand.
We made much effort to build the boat.
We rented the apartment by the week.
We gather here once a week.
We dine out once a week.
We are aiming at establishing the five-day workweek.
We used to visit each other on weekends.
We are looking for a nice house to live in.
We invited ten couples to the party.
We have to book in before twelve o'clock.
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
We require much sleep.
We were fully satisfied.
We must move this statue very carefully.
We were unable to finish our homework in time.
We went out and never returned.
We put off the departure till tomorrow.
We have to get as much information as possible.
We're paid by the job.
We went to school under the cherry blossoms in spring.
Each of us read the book in turn.
We visited his home country for the first time.
We introduced ourselves to each other.
We can derive great pleasure from books.
We were bogged down in a morass of paperwork.
We cannot but rely on your help.
We ought to help each other.
It is necessary that we provide for the future.
We discussed our plans for the future.
We went down the river in a small boat.
We had to make the best of our small house.
We can hear the bird sing.
We grind wheat into flour.
We were made to stay in a small room.
We need a little sugar.
We made friends with at least ten Americans.
We should read one book a month at least.
We saw a boy run over by a truck.
We laughed and laughed.
We pushed ahead despite the obstacles.
We must always consider the public interest.
We should always be fully prepared for an earthquake.
We are fully aware of the importance of the situation.
We found many strange plants in a botanical garden.
We are badly in need of food.
We prepared our meals.
We can stay here for as long as our supplies of food and water hold out.
We have ample food.
We must work up a reputation.
We enjoyed the party to our heart's content.
We purchased a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
We're saving up to build a new house.
We came here to build a new town.
We thought out a new way.
We went out for some fresh air.
We need fresh air.
We know about daily events through the newspapers.
We have started to recycle newspapers.
We can not follow the latest topics without reading a newspaper every day.
We lost our way in the woods.
We went for a walk in the forest.
We must seek after the true, the good and the beautiful.
We reached London at midnight.
We talked on the phone until midnight.
We believe in the existence of God.
We believe in God.
We're close friends.
We should not depend on your parents.
We are liable to judge others by the clothes they wear.
We neither moved nor made any noise.
Although we may intend to judge a person on the basis of his or her personal qualities, they are not visible at first sight.
We skied on artificial snow.
We should make the most of every opportunity in our life.
We argued with something of the purpose in the life about.
We were given the privilege to use the liberty.
We know that water boils at 100 degrees.
We can not do without water even for a day.
We've had several meetings.
We have come to know what is going on in the world faster and faster.
We have just returned from a trip around the world.
We should be headed for world peace.
We must carry out this plan by all means.
We were supplied with uniforms.
There is nothing for it but to wait and see.
We have the right to vote when we come of age.
We must separate politics from religion.
We tend to associate politicians with hypocrisy.
We must look to the government for a tax cut.
We have to learn the right things.
We must see the matter in its proper perspective.
We began our work at noon.
We have lunch at about noon.
We stopped working at noon.
We arrived there before noon.
We need food, clothes and a home in order to live.
We eat so that we can live.
We are thinking of moving back home.
We are internationally competitive in production technology.
We were in danger of losing our lives.
We did our best to help him, but he didn't so much as say thank you.
We kept quiet.
We waited there quietly.
We must pay the tax.
We were in favor of reforming the tax laws.
We're friends from way back.
We have used up the coal.
We take part in Red Cross movement.
We always associate snow with skiing.
We saw the traces of a bear in the snow.
We had a snowball fight.
We were very busy last week.
We formed a circle around the teacher.
We grouped ourselves round our teacher.
We read the book after the teacher.
The other day, we chose Yoshida to be the catcher on our school's baseball team.
We enjoyed swimming in the river.
We found some dead fish in the river.
We went camping near the river.
We walked along the river.
We took a walk along the river.
We couldn't row against the strong current.
We went to the river.
We had to make a detour across a bridge down the river from here.
We held a farewell party in honor of Dr. Kawamura.
We crossed the waters in a boat.
We rode on a boat.
We were welcomed by the Captain.
We carried out the captain's order to the letter.
We like the present headmaster better than his predecessor.
We bought our plane tickets two months in advance.
We survived by sheer luck.
We have absolutely nothing in common.
We met each other again completely by accident.
We are trying a completely new method.
All of us climbed aboard quickly.
We were all present at her wedding.
We were all tired.
We are noisy as a whole.
We will do our best.
We should worship our ancestors.
We went to Hakata to visit my grandmother.
We had a wonderful time.
We are twins. People often mistake me for my brother.
We are encouraged to use our imagination.
We are agreed that we start early.
I take it that we are to come early.
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.
We must leave early.
We got up early and set about cleaning our house.
We lay on the grass.
We made statues out of wood.
We watched the game while holding our breath.
We got a hostile reception from the villagers.
We must pay regard to other cultures like ours.
We must try to be kind to other people.
We should respect the basic human rights of others much more their lives.
We should respect the right of others.
We should respect the rights of others, much more their lives.
We should respect the ideas of others.
We were more or less disappointed about the election.
We are more or less selfish.
We suffered from a great many troubles.
We held many negotiations but to no purpose.
We encountered many difficulties.
We asked many persons about the new store, but no one had heard of it.
We use a lot of water every day.
We are faced with a host of problems.
We went to the Tama Zoo.
We are flying over the Pacific.
We flew the Atlantic in a few hours.
We saw the sun rise above the horizon.
We saw the sun sink below the horizon.
We'll use energy sources such as the sun and wind.
We are banking on fine weather for the sports day.
We played basketball in the gym.
We waited but he failed to arrive.
We took care of our children by turns.
We slept by turns.
We took care of our horses by turns.
We will never forget the day the typhoon ruined the crops.
We got our roof damaged by the typhoon.
We went by way of Taiwan.
We have been assigned the large classroom.
We are keeping a big dog.
We live near a big library.
The heavy rain prevented us from going fishing.
We got to the top of Osaka Tower.
We took turns driving on the way to Osaka.
We felt the earth tremble.
We live in a big city.
We import a large quantity of food.
We heard somebody shout.
We use words to tell somebody something, that is, to communicate.
Everyone of us has something to do in the future.
All of us have some interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
None of us was able to answer the question.
We will give her a present on her birthday.
We were afraid that we might be hit by a bullet, so we ran downstairs.
We were welcomed warmly.
We spoke what we know.
We were shocked at the news.
We believed that the earth moves round the sun.
We should play a more active role in combating global warming.
We live on the earth.
We felt the ground trembling.
We walked around the pond.
We took a taxi so as not to be late.
We received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket.
We work by day and rest by night.
We're going out for lunch. Why don't you come along?
We watched TV after lunch.
We looked, but saw nothing.
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
We have bread and eggs for breakfast.
We used to take a walk before breakfast.
We left home early in the morning.
We put up at a small hotel just on the edge of the town.
We took a direct road to town.
We have wanted to visit the city for a long time.
We have been good friends for a long time.
We haven't met for ages.
We were waiting for him for a long time.
We have a long and cold winter, but we know how to enjoy it.
We have known each other for years.
We've been mates for years.
We've been close friends for many years.
We watched a bird feed its little ones.
We live in that apartment just over the street.
We walked along the street.
We usually expect that trains will arrive on time.
We usually have a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
We talked without the aid of an interpreter.
We found a poor little cat in the yard.
We grow vegetables in our garden.
We cleaned up our garden.
We were waiting for the shop to open.
We're very attracted to life in the countryside.
We should preserve the beauties of the countryside.
We talked over the phone.
Despite our efforts, we failed after all.
We worked on Saturdays, but now we don't.
We always play tennis on Saturday morning.
We are going to have a party on Saturday night.
We wear wool in winter.
We are free citizens with the right of vote.
We have been to Tokyo many times.
We were in the same class then.
We have decided to stay here for the time being.
Intellectually we know prejudice is wrong.
We saw the monkey at the zoo.
We take the same bus to work.
We study English in the same class.
We go to the same school.
We were born on the same day.
We're the same age.
We are in the same class.
We were at school together.
If we hadn't lost our way, we would have been here sooner.
We must've taken the wrong road.
We dance along the street.
We walked slowly along the road.
We did nothing in particular.
We should become unique, mature individuals.
We dissected a frog to examine its internal organs.
We go to the South of France for a change of air.
We are faced with a difficult choice.
We are becoming very aware of the dangers of secondhand smoke.
We watched the sun sinking below the horizon.
We covered 100 kilometers in the car before it got dark.
We'll never reach London before dark.
It was not until I came to Japan that I ate sashimi.
We want to learn some Japanese songs.
We learned how to pronounce Japanese.
We speak Japanese.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
We play catch in the park near our house on Sundays.
We often play cards on Sunday.
We will stay here until Sunday.
We have a cat and a dog.
We have a cat. We are all fond of the cat.
We get together once a year.
We become forgetful as we grow older.
The older we grow, the less we dream.
We are getting older day by day.
We visited Mito Park, which is famous for its plum blossoms.
We go downtown to do shopping.
We saw a mummy at the museum.
We clapped our hands.
We stayed overnight in Hakone.
We put vegetable seeds in the field.
We scattered seeds all over the field.
We have to stop him from drinking any more.
We hoped he would come and help us at once.
We expect him to come back soon.
We hope that he can go there.
We took it for granted that he would approve of the plan.
We suspect him of telling a lie.
We took it for granted that he would join us.
We appreciate his difficulties.
We noticed his reluctance to testify.
We came to the conclusion that he had been right.
We consider him honest.
We are sure of his honesty.
We love him all the more because he is honest.
We took it for granted that he would come with us.
We were amazed that he had gotten full credit.
We were glad to hear of his safe return.
We believed him to be innocent.
We have two pieces of evidence of his guilt.
We bargained with him for the house.
We were only too glad to see him.
We were told by him to leave the room at once.
We lured him away from the company by offering him a much larger salary.
We called on him for a speech.
We offered him the house for $300,000.
We let him keep the dog.
We offered him a nice job.
We showed him some pictures of London.
We tried in vain to talk him out of smoking.
We were disappointed in him.
We left him some cake.
We could not overtake him.
We gave a party in celebration of his 70th birthday.
We praised him for his wonderful performance.
We are going to hold a farewell party for him.
We went along with his plan.
We called on his aid.
We read the full text of his speech.
We are to meet in front of his house.
We are acquainted with his family.
We went to his rescue.
We emphasized the importance of his co-operation.
I think it better for us to adopt his plan.
We could not get at his meaning.
We got angry at his words.
We regarded his behavior as childish.
We agreed that his actions were warranted.
We ought to make allowances for his difficult situation.
We aided him in his business.
We congratulated him on passing the examinations.
We wondered at his display of magic.
We skipped his turn on purpose.
We accepted his invitation.
We attribute his success more to hard work than to genius.
We congratulated him on his success.
We were delighted to hear of his success.
We call his son Jimmy.
We estimated his losses at 100 dollars.
We should have taken his advice.
We are expecting the issue of his book.
We are weary of his long talk.
We are awfully fed up with his long speech.
We agreed to his suggestions.
We were so shocked at his sudden death.
We must make allowance for his age.
We must allow for his age.
We might have underestimated his ability.
We have rejoiced over his discovery.
We were somewhat surprised at his strange question.
We could not but admire his courage.
We had great admiration for his courage.
We couldn't allow his claim.
We can hardly believe his story.
We took his story on trust.
We suspected him of lying.
We came to the conclusion that he is a genius.
They were seen to go out.
We thought it natural that he should get excited.
We didn't anticipate their buying a new car.
We have broken off relations with them.
We made friends with them.
We supplied them with food and clothes.
We were looking on as they quarreled.
We are anxious for their safety.
We chose a good present for each of their children.
We have not been notified about their change of address.
We gave way to their demands.
We invited him to our house.
We kept them quiet.
We have elected him chairman of the meeting.
We elected him captain of our team.
We think him to be very honest.
To what degree can we trust him?
We respect him as a good senior.
We elected him our leader.
We came to the conclusion that he should be fired.
We think little of him as a scholar.
We made him chairman.
We elected him chairman.
We lost sight of him.
We have no notion of attacking him.
We made him go.
We elected him mayor.
We look up to him as our teacher.
We gave him up for dead.
We regard him as our hero.
We made him our guide.
We made every effort to help him.
We look up to him.
We thought of him as a genius.
We must allow his bravery.
We thought it dangerous for her to go alone.
We couldn't make out what she wanted.
We began to walk again as soon as she was recovered.
We found her a wise lady.
We love her, and she loves us, too.
We saw her enter the room.
We saw her dance.
We have no acquaintance with her.
We chose her a nice birthday present.
We could not convince her of her mistakes.
We felt sympathy for her.
We might have misunderstood her.
We gave a farewell party in honor of her.
We felt anxious for her safety.
We are anxious about her safety.
We went to her rescue.
We congratulated her on her engagement.
We have finished the work in accordance with her instructions.
We watched her drive her car away, until it was no more than a dot in the distance.
We could not find out her address.
We can not rely on her kindness.
We agreed to her suggestions.
We didn't take notice of her sorrow.
We were greatly amused by her story.
We were deeply moved by her story.
We nicknamed her "Ann".
We elected her captain of our team.
We chose her to be our leader.
We have known her for years.
We elected her chairperson.
We went to the station to see her off.
We elected her mayor.
We employed her as an assistant.
We call her a chef.
He said we must keep the secret.
We must provide the victims with food and clothes.
We are traveling to France by air.
We admired the beautiful sunset.
I suppose that what we mean by beauty is that object, spiritual or material, more often material, which satisfies our aesthetic sense.
We took the necessary measures.
We know the value of good health when we are sick.
We went swimming at the beach.
We went to see turtles on the beach.
We should not look down on poor people.
We know the time when we were poor.
We were poor, but we were happy.
We took turns telling tales of strange happenings.
We only just manage to keep afloat on my husband's small salary.
We admired the view of Mt. Fuji.
We usually eat with a knife, fork and spoon.
We usually sleep in this room.
We usually eat cooked fish.
We will give Father a birthday present.
We visited our father's grave.
We were just about to enter the room.
We kept quiet in the room.
We will keep the room warm.
We've only corresponded and never met in person.
We buy stationery in bulk.
We average 8 hour's work a day.
We live in peace.
We should work for the cause of peace.
We are longing for peace.
We are anxious for peace.
We were longing for peace.
We walked along an avenue lined with trees.
We cultivate rice.
We shouldn't waste even one grain of rice.
We adopted an alternative method.
We go to school because we want to learn.
We go to school to study.
We understand the necessity of studying.
We are a conservative people.
We walked to the river.
We traveled on foot.
We celebrated Mother's 45th birthday.
We visited our old school.
We deceived ourselves as to the reward.
We play tennis after school.
We must keep law and order.
We must keep the law.
We are bound to obey laws.
We were swamped with visitors.
We take our high standard of living for granted.
We are too busy to be idle.
We should appeal to reason instead of resorting to violence.
We abhor violence.
We had to depend on trade.
We went sightseeing in Hokkaido.
We arrived at a small town in Hokkaido.
We kept our books closed.
We really ought to buy a new car, oughtn't we?
We gather together every Friday.
We play football every Saturday.
We used to go skating every weekend.
We make it a practice to take a walk every morning.
We jog before breakfast every morning.
I play soccer every day.
We play tennis every day.
We watch TV every day.
We take a bath every day.
We study English every day.
We study English at school every day.
We have lunch at noon every day.
We communicate with each other by telephone every day.
We import grain from Canada every year.
We go camping every summer.
We go abroad every summer.
We hold an exhibition every year.
We study the past for the sake of the future.
We live in a democratic society.
We must fight for our democracy.
We were beside ourselves with joy.
We shall do this free of charge.
We had to stop over in San Francisco for two hours due to the fog.
We got lost in the fog.
We waited for our daughter to come to her senses.
We are anxious about our daughter's health.
We're leaving the day after tomorrow.
We will have to set out early tomorrow morning.
We'll visit you tomorrow.
We are to meet at seven tomorrow.
We are going to have a meeting here tomorrow.
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.
We are supposed to take part in the athletic meet tomorrow.
We leave tomorrow afternoon.
We're planning on doing the sights of the city tomorrow morning.
We have decided on leaving this town tomorrow morning.
We'll leave the house tomorrow morning.
We're going to leave tomorrow morning.
We are leaving early tomorrow morning.
We have no school tomorrow.
We are to go on a picnic tomorrow.
We are flying to Los Angeles tomorrow.
We are going on a school trip to Osaka Castle tomorrow.
We are going to see her in front of the station tomorrow.
We are looking for the boy and the dog that are lost.
We took shelter from the rain under a tree.
We shook nuts from the tree.
We stayed at a hotel surrounded by trees.
We see with our eyes.
We must get to our destination.
We lock our doors at night.
We arrived in New York at night.
We discussed the matter far into the night.
We talked far into the night over the phone.
We talked until two.
We got up at dawn.
We reached the top of the hills at dawn.
We went to the park to play baseball.
We played baseball.
We derive a great deal of pleasure from watching baseball games.
We bagged a wild bird.
We played games for about an hour and a half.
We walked for about 6 kilometers.
We will have to call on our friends to help us.
I'm relying on my friend to turn in the report for me.
We went shopping with our friends.
We went to Hawaii for pleasure.
We had six guests to dinner.
Because it was dinnertime, we sat at the dining table.
We were seated at the supper table.
We played cards after dinner.
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.
We went out for a walk after dinner.
We started it again right after dinner.
We are usually at home in the evening.
We were drenched in the shower.
We met with an unexpected difficulty.
We spent more money than was expected.
We deliberated whether we should cancel the reservation.
We have no spare money.
We'll need an extra ten dollars.
We're old friends.
We have to conform to the rules.
We got ready.
We made a promise to meet the next week.
We were giving a concert the next day.
We visited Nikko the next day.
We will be living here next month.
We are leaving Japan next month.
We are supposed to hand in our papers by today.
We will visit our teacher next week.
We'll leave Tokyo for Osaka next week.
We will have learned English for five years next year.
We will have lived in Kyoto for eight years next March.
We must have something to fall back on.
We heard the crack of thunder.
We were late because of the storm.
I put up a small hut in the backyard.
We were rowing against the current.
We shook hands and parted at the end of our journey.
We thought it wise not to continue our trip.
We must take our pet into account when we make a trip.
We'll have been busy preparing for the trip.
We broke our journey at Tokyo.
We had lots of adventures on our trip.
We went to Paris in the course of our travels.
We made use of the maps during our journey.
We blamed parents for lack of love.
We obey our parents because we honor them and we love them.
We enjoyed the cool breeze that came from the river.
We are good friends.
We will never yield to force.
We get on well with our neighbors.
We were next-door neighbors.
We should remember that politeness doesn't function at the conscious level.
We got off the train.
We arrived at the station a half-hour before the train started.
We must provide for our old age.
We held a pleasant conversation with the old man.
We broke off our conversation.
We should furnish enough food for sufferers.
We tried to trap the fox.
We all regarded the situation as serious.
It was his story of adventure that charmed us all.
It is not the least of life's ironies that this, which we all aim at, is better not quite achieved.
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
All of us like her.
We were all tired, and to make matters worse, it started to rain.
Don't go too far ahead of us.
The guide who took us there was only ten years old.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
We celebrated the New Year with a party.
If you can put up with us, put us up.
He held out his hand to welcome us.
What puzzled us was that he said he would not attend the meeting.
Let us go, please.
I was wondering if you could help us.
The neon sign shone as if to invite us.
I proposed that a doctor be sent for.
Each of us has his own hobby.
There was food enough for us all.
He is the heaviest of us all.
Let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake; even pin-money will go a long way.
We teachers are human just like you students.
We ourselves have to be responsible for the earth.
We ourselves decorated the room.
Our minds transform experiences into symbols.
There were enough seats for all of us.
All of us were homesick.
We adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
There must be some misunderstanding between us.
We see each other at the supermarket now and then.
Both of us began to smile almost at the same time.
If I were you, I'd put the money in a bank.
I wouldn't have worried about that.
I would see Mr White.
I'd like to confirm our reservations.
I could have done better than he.
I would behave more bravely than he.
She gave me a smile of recognition.
That's really stupid.
I love trying out new things, so I always buy products as soon as they hit the store shelves. Of course, half the time I end up wishing I hadn't.
I'm easygoing.
I'm the type that avoids risk like the plague.
I was surprised at her immediate recognition of me.
If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know.
Speaking.
Not I but my brother lives in Sendai.
It can't be judged in me.
Can I be of any service to you?
You and I have something in common.
I sat face to face with you.
For me, I like this better.
Sit down with me.
For my part, I don't like this picture.
For my part I have no objection to the plan.
For myself, the play was fairly interesting.
For my part, I have no objection to the proposal.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think it's true.
I, for my part, have nothing more to say.
As for me, I have nothing to say at present.
For my part, I have nothing to say against the new proposal.
For myself, I have wanted to live in the country.
For my part, I have no objection.
For my part, it doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
I, for one, don't believe what she said.
For my part, I don't care when the party is held.
As for me, I will not approve of the plan.
For my part, I have nothing to say about it.
For my part I hope it won't rain.
For my part I prefer to stay at home.
What do you say to playing tennis with me?
My relationship with Tony has lasted twenty-five years now, and I don't know whether to end it next spring or not.
By the time our long conversation was over, Mother was tired of standing.
Would you promise to keep in touch with me?
I don't think my boyfriend and I will ever make up.
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done, would you tell us what it is?
We have more customers than we can count.
We have two daughters.
Our Web site, http://www.example.com will tell you all you need to know.
We wish to quote a part of your paper in our new catalogue.
I have attached for your convenience the FTP instructions to access our site.
We hope to establish a closer relationship between us.
Our quote is the best effort we can make.
If our quote is inconvenient for you, please let us know.
Our office is on the 10th floor of Tokyo building.
May we draw your attention to our new products?
Our new product has received a lot of attention from all who have heard about it.
You can get further details of our products from our internet site, http://www.jpgarden.com.
I'm sending you $12 on my order No. 2345 by check.
We have asked you repeatedly to settle your outstanding account for the invoice No.1111.
We understand you always do your best to develop a market for our products.
We would be prepared to grant you a special discount of 5% for the quantity of 10 sets of STL#3456.
We want to clear up this problem.
We expected better terms.
We have completely outstripped the other companies.
We provide broad services to the computer end users, based on our experience and technical expertise.
We are doing business with many countries.
Please join me in welcoming Dr Smith to our team.
I would like you to stay with me.
What do you say to taking a short walk with me?
Sing a song with me.
Will you go shopping with me?
Why don't you come with me?
Come along with me.
Would you mind coming with me?
As for me, I like this better.
The girl has to match me in skill.
You had best go with me.
Will you make up with me?
Would you like me to order the same thing for you?
Looking for male equivalent to myself.
People of my generation all think the same way about this.
He is not any taller than I am.
You are no younger than I am.
He as well as I is a member of the club.
I agreed with him on the plan.
I have nothing to do with him.
He and I are kindred spirits.
I have much in common with him.
I always get along well with him.
I'm getting along with him quite well.
I am on good terms with him.
I have been acquainted with her for more than 20 years.
I have a nodding acquaintance with her.
I'm through with her.
I get along well with her.
Walk abreast of me.
After parting from me, he approached the station.
She lies here beside me.
Love me, love my dog.
Will you have dinner with me?
I'd advise starting at once.
If I were you, I'd buy that one.
I would not meddle in such a thing.
I could have helped you with your work.
I can do it in half the time.
I feel not quite up to snuff when I meet my relatives.
Give me a glass of water.
There is no one to greet me.
Will you tell me how to get to your house?
Will you sell your car to me?
Please tell me your phone number.
Would you be so kind as to lend me your book?
Don't expect too much of me.
Don't push me around.
Can you lend me some money?
Don't ask me for money.
Please pour me a little tea.
Please make me some tea.
Leave me alone, please.
I was surprised to find five Suzukis in my class.
Please show me how to make cakes.
Get me a cup of coffee.
Please give me this pen.
Please show me this book.
Please answer this question for me.
If you need me, I'll be somewhere around.
Play Chopin for me.
Don't tell me what to do or not to do.
Let me fix the switch.
Let me carry your suitcase.
Will you knit a sweater for me?
Please let me try the game.
Bring me the dictionary.
Will you impart the secret to me?
Will you show me the book?
Get that book for me.
Let me do it.
I cannot see the advantage of doing that.
Leave it to me; I will to it.
Please let me try it again.
Let me have a try at it.
Please tell me what you know about it.
Don't ask me so many questions. Use your head.
I can make a distinction between good and bad.
Let me have a look at it, will you?
Let me take a look.
As for me, I am satisfied.
As for me, I like chicken better than pork.
Read after me.
Come into the room after me.
Follow me and I will show you the way.
If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to let me know.
Is there anything that I can do to help you?
I am pleased to help you if I can.
I will do everything in my power.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Please reply to me as soon as possible.
All I can do is to do my best.
As far as I'm concerned the topic is worth discussing.
Two hundred dollars is a lot to me.
It makes no difference to me whether you come or not.
Do you think that money really matters to me?
You are all that is dear to me in the world.
This book is to me what the Bible is to you.
This book seems very important to me.
It isn't easy for me to play golf.
It is difficult for me to skate.
It is difficult for me.
It was sink or swim with me.
For me winter is rather something to be put up with than to be enjoyed.
The ultimate question for me is whether I like business.
My children are very precious to me.
It was exciting for me to go to the capital for the first time.
It is hard for me to keep early hours.
It's not easy for me to travel alone in Japan.
Nothing is more delightful for me than to talk with him.
It was hard for me to refuse his request.
To me, he is like a king.
She is dear to me.
Spare me the sympathy.
Will you pick out a tie for me?
I don't know what you want to do.
I have a friend whose father is an animal doctor.
To me skiing is far more interesting than skating.
I don't know what to think.
I don't have any sisters.
It seemed to me that there was no way out of our difficulty.
For me, time is not money.
I could not afford to pay back my debt.
I don't see what he says.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
I have the right to call my lawyer.
I have no means to get there tomorrow.
I have an outstanding debt of 10 dollars.
He was silent for what seemed to me an hour.
I have two brothers and one sister.
I have two brothers.
I have three cousins.
I have three sons. One is in New York, but the others are in London.
I have five sons. Two of them are engineers, another is a teacher and the others are students.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
I have six mouths to feed.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
I have a friend who works for NASA.
It appears to me you are mistaken.
I have a brother of an age with you.
I have no time to help you with the work.
I don't know what that word means, but I'll try to find out.
It is too warm for me.
I have a friend who lives in America.
I have a few friends in the United States.
I have a friend who lives in England.
I have nothing to hide.
I wasn't happy, but it seemed reasonable that his prices should go up like everything else, so I agreed.
I have a lot of money and enough time to use it.
I don't even have a single girlfriend.
I'm a person with guts and a strong will.
I am pretty sure.
Don't mind me.
This math problem beats me.
I cannot lift this stone.
I have no strength to lift this stone.
Words fail me to describe the beauty of this landscape.
I cannot make out the meaning of this sentence.
I don't know this problem altogether.
This problem is difficult for me to solve.
I can't repair the computer.
It's all Greek to me.
I have lots of affairs to look after.
It seems to me that Mr Jones is good golfer.
I recognized him at once, because I had seen him before.
At best I can do only half of what you did.
I didn't have the sense to do so.
I have an identical twin.
I have no friend with whom to talk about it.
I could not image how cruel he was at that time.
The meaning is still obscure to me.
The meaning is unknown to me.
I'm game for it.
I don't know how to legally get around those regulations.
I can't figure out what the writer is trying to say.
I found the work easy, for I had done that kind of work before.
I don't feel equal to doing the work.
I'm not equal to doing the task.
I am not equal to the task.
I cannot afford the time.
I have no money to buy the dictionary with.
The man strikes me as being dishonest.
It is difficult for me to read the book.
The problem is beyond my grasp.
I don't know whether it is true or not.
I couldn't afford it. In other words, I was too poor to buy it.
I have no use for it.
It's beyond my comprehension.
I tried to convince him that I was perfectly capable of it.
I have my own way of solving it.
I have neither time nor money for that.
I can't afford to shop at such an expensive store.
I can't understand the psychology of such a man.
I have many hobbies - fishing and climbing, for example.
I have a friend to correspond with now and then.
That was all Chinese to me.
I just can't overlook his rude behavior.
I cannot understand this passage from the Bible for the life of me.
I'm afraid I can't afford to buy a new car.
I cannot quite understand it.
I didn't have the heart to tell him the truth.
I can't afford a car.
It was of great benefit to me.
I saw a little boy called Tony Evans.
I have an American friend named Tony.
What size do you think I take?
I can not tell Tom from his brother.
I don't know why he can live above his means.
I have an aunt who lives in Osaka.
I have a friend who is a pilot.
I have two children. One is a boy and the other is a girl.
I have a friend who works as a volunteer.
I have not had a chance to see that movie.
My unpaid liabilities are still $100.
I have a friend everybody trusts.
I've got no more to do.
I have another sister.
You are free to use this car, because I have another one.
I don't dig modern jazz.
I have a great deal to do.
I have several good friends.
I have an aunt who lives in Los Angeles.
I have a friend living in London.
I fail to see.
Please give me a hamburger.
I mean no harm.
I need the following items.
It doesn't make sense to me.
I don't have a single enemy.
I find it much easier to speak French than English.
Please speak to me in English.
I have a friend whose wife is a pianist.
It seems to me that I heard a noise in the attic.
I didn't understand the meaning of the last line but one.
I have nothing to say.
I can hear nothing.
I have some American friends.
I have a family.
I have an important business to attend to in my office.
I have two foreign friends.
I have more money than I had last year.
I have an uncle who lives in Kyoto.
I have no money with me.
I am not going to take this lying down.
You are everything to me.
I can't afford such a good camera as yours.
I want a jacket shaped like yours.
I assume you are willing to take the risk.
It appears that you are all mistaken.
I have the same trouble as you had.
I have no other true friend than you.
I have no other friend than you.
I have a brother and a sister. My brother lives in Tokyo and my sister lives in Nagano.
I don't have any brothers.
I haven't many brothers.
Maybe I lack the talent for marrying.
I can't afford to buy an expensive car.
I have no face to turn to.
I have a lot of homework to do today.
Am I talented?
I have a friend who lives in Sapporo.
I have two sisters, both of whom are married.
I have three sisters; one is a nurse and the others are students.
Let me go my own way.
I have a friend to correspond with from time to time.
I have no time.
I have neither time nor money.
I hear from him every now and then.
I cannot afford to buy a car.
I do not have a red cent to my name.
I am free of debt.
I have no pen to write my letter with.
I have no home to live in.
I can't do it--not that a stronger person couldn't.
I have a lot of things that I must deal with.
I have nothing to write.
I have no pencil to write with.
I have nothing to write with.
I have some friends to help.
I can't understand the psychology of adolescents.
I do not have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I don't have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I had no time to eat.
I am free from care.
I cannot afford to buy a new bicycle.
I cannot afford to buy a new car.
I can't afford to buy a new car.
You may as well tell me the truth.
I am sure of success.
I am not cut out to be a politician.
I have no time to engage in political activity.
I have nothing to live for.
I have a lot of friends to support me mentally.
I can not understand the psychology of adolescents.
I have a previous appointment.
I dared not go forward.
It's double Dutch to me.
I don't have any change.
I have a lot of friends with whom to consult.
I have no one to go to for advice.
I have a son, who works for a trading company.
I have a son and a daughter. The one is in New York, and the other in London.
I have two children away at university.
It seems to me that someone is calling you.
I have three brothers.
I can not afford to buy a used car.
I can't afford to buy a used car, much less a new one.
I have two bad teeth.
I have a few friends to talk for a long time on the phone with.
I've got one brother and two sisters.
I can't afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo.
I have a lot of questions to answer.
I can seldom find time for reading.
I have a friend living in Nara.
I have two sons; one is in Tokyo, and the other in Nagoya.
I have two daughters and two sons.
I've no friend to talk to about my problems.
I can not afford to buy it.
I can't do as he told me to.
I have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime.
It appeared to me that he was very intelligent.
He must be the one for me.
It seems to me that he likes music.
I couldn't understand what he was getting at.
I can't make out what he says.
It seems to me that he is honest.
I can't get touch in with him.
He counts for nothing to me.
I didn't know what to say to him.
I owe him a debt.
I couldn't see through his lies.
I need his power.
I can't make out what he wants.
I'm amused by his idea of leisure.
I saw the white trail of his frozen breath.
It seems to me that he is too careless.
I love no other man so deeply as him.
I love no other man more deeply than him.
They look alike to me.
I could not catch a single word of their talk.
I can't make out what she wants.
I had no idea who she was.
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.
I understand her, but on the other hand I don't think she's right.
I don't know if her new shirt will go with her blue jeans.
I am responsible for her protection.
I have no one to confide in.
I can tell virtue and vice apart.
I have nothing to complain about.
I don't have any family to support.
I can't help thinking Father is still alive.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
I have a friend I correspond with.
I have a cousin who is a lawyer.
I have three cousins on my mother's side.
I have no time to read books.
I have a lot of work still outstanding.
It is impossible for me to do so.
I cannot appreciate the subtleties of the subject.
I'm not in the habit of staying up late.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
I have only leaves and apples.
I have no family to provide for.
I can't afford the time for a journey.
I have no friend to talk with.
I wonder if you could get me another beer.
Leave it to me; I'll see to it that you get a full refund.
Give me a glass of milk.
If I had the money, I would travel around the world.
Please let me know about it.
Give me some milk, too.
Give me the same, please.
I've had my ups and downs, but I've always managed to pull myself together.
Will you let me at it?
Let me have a try.
Can you recommend a good dictionary to me?
As far as I could make out, he was experimenting with new methods.
It is polite of this boy to greet me.
Let me say it once for all.
Please teach me English.
Could you direct me to the station?
I couldn't find a clerk to wait on me.
She raised her fist as if to hit me.
How could I resist?
Can I do anything?
Guess what happened to me.
Do you have any messages for me?
Give me something cold to drink.
Don't talk to me!
Please advise me what to do.
What did you expect me to do?
It's no use telling me anything.
My family is a large one.
It is very kind of you to come and see me.
In all honesty, I could not say the room allotted to me was comfortable.
It's a bit much to expect me to pay the bill.
I am responsible for the mistake.
As for me, I am not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day.
All is well with me.
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.
As for me, I prefer beer to whisky.
As to me, I agree to the plan.
As for me, I have nothing against the plan.
As for me, I have no question.
As for me, I prefer coffee to tea.
As for myself, Saturday will be convenient.
As for me, I prefer fish to meat.
So far as I am concerned, I am not against his plan.
As far as I am concerned, I am not against your opinion.
So far as I am concerned, there is no objection to the plan.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned the question is not simple.
As far as I am concerned, the problem is not a simple one.
That's all right as far as I am concerned.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
So far as I am concerned, you may leave whenever you like.
As far as I'm concerned, you can do what you like.
As far as I am concerned I can leave today.
As for me, I don't trust him at all.
So far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, everything is all right.
That's all right, so far as I'm concerned.
As for me, I can't agree to his offer.
So far as I am concerned there is no objection.
As far as I am concerned, I have nothing to say.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no complaint.
He did it unbeknownst to me.
Please explain the rule to me.
This aroused my fears.
Please let me know.
It is no use asking me for money.
I wish I had wings to fly.
Please tell me your name.
My dog was taken care of by Lucy.
It was her that told me.
You might have told me.
If you ask me, she's a little unusual.
I think they sold you a bad article if ask me.
He acted fairly towards me.
Don't answer me back.
I saw a man coming toward me.
Let me go!
Do you have jeans in my size?
My job will only last two years at most.
Let me help you with your work.
My sister often takes care of the baby.
My sister got engaged.
Give me a sheet of paper.
Let me know your exam results.
Do you think it looks good on me?
She asked me to bring them.
My bike was stolen yesterday.
The man who is waving to me is my uncle.
Please write a letter to me.
Don't forget to write to me.
Do you wish me to help?
I'm willing to help you if you want me to.
My hobby is skiing.
Let me repair it.
Follow me.
Teach judo to me.
All I can do is to give her advice.
I'll help you within the limits of my ability.
It is wise of you to ask me for advice.
Give me a few.
Could you spare me a little time?
A new room was assigned to me.
Please give me a glass of water.
Bring me a glass of water.
Please give me some water.
Give me some water, please.
It is very kind of you to give me your seat.
I'm going to have a baby.
He cut me dead.
You are barking up the wrong tree by asking me to betray my country.
Follow me and do exactly the way I do it.
I don't like the way he speaks to me.
His anger towards me has not softened.
Have you got 5,000 yen you could lend me?
As far as I know, he is American.
Will you draw me a map to show me the way to the station?
You can't expect me to make no misspellings at all.
Will you make me a paper crane?
He threw mud at me and made me dirty.
Please give me a call.
Let me know by telephone.
Have there been any phone calls for me?
I'll leave my number in case you want to call me.
Don't yell at me.
Leave it to me. I'll see to it.
Give me a blank sheet of paper.
The girl who gave me beautiful flowers was your sister.
He made me a suit.
I'm not interested in material gain.
She was a bit hasty in answering me.
I'll stay here if you really want me to.
Please let me know the truth.
I wish I could use magic.
It is a lot of fun to read his letter sent to me every month.
Speak in my behalf.
Ring the bell when you want me.
A good idea struck me.
You can get hold of me at the Yasesu Hotel.
The boy who spoke to me was a new student.
Will you tell me?
This has been the most awful day in my eleven-year-old life.
My sixty-year-old aunt inherited the huge estate.
I'm afraid you must have misinterpreted my e-mail of Jun 8.
My e-mail address has been changed.
My e-mail address will be as follows effective April 1.
My e-mail address will be changed effective Aug. 1 as follows.
My e-mail address has been changed as follows.
Please take my advice.
My anorak, such as it was, stood me in good stead.
My apartment gets plenty of sunshine.
My apartment is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
Don't go too far ahead of me.
My American classes are more informal.
I'll show my album to you.
Keep my words in mind.
My house looks to the south.
The building was still there in my time.
I want you to meet my cousin.
One of my cousins is married to a novelist.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
My cousin is the last person to break his promise.
My cousin is a little older than I.
My cousin was familiar with trouble when he was young.
My cousin is good at doing magic tricks.
Did anyone visit me during my absence?
Who was it that read my diary while I was out?
There will be a reward for the person who finds my dog.
I can figure out what he is trying to say.
Apparently my anti-virus software is not up to snuff.
Visit my webpage and find out more about me.
We call him Goro-san.
My father and I clear the table in my family.
My family is small.
Will you read my essay and correct the mistakes, if any?
My nephew was excused on the grounds of his youth.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
My motorcycle broke down on the way.
It's on me.
My grandpa is a lively and good-humoured man.
My grandfather hopes that I will enter college.
My grandfather gets up early.
My grandfather is a carpenter.
It has been ten years since my uncle went to Canada.
It is this watch that my uncle gave me as a keepsake.
My uncle has been dead for three years.
I wish my uncles were men of millions.
My uncle gave him a present.
My uncle lived to be ninety.
My uncle lives in the east of Spain.
My uncle was standing there with his arms folded.
My uncle, who lives in Paris, came to see us.
My uncle calls on me every three days.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
My uncle died of cancer.
My uncle works in this office.
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
My uncle drives a Ford.
My uncle has a good knowledge of French.
My uncle lives in an apartment.
My uncle lives in London.
My uncle lived abroad for many years.
My uncle was willing to agree to my suggestion.
My uncle keeps a dog.
My uncle died of cancer of the stomach yesterday.
My uncle asked me to take care of the chickens.
My uncle manages a firm.
My uncle has seen a lot of life.
My uncle has a large family to provide for.
My uncle teaches English in a college.
My uncle died of lung cancer.
My uncle is possessed of great wealth.
My uncle engaged himself in teaching cooking.
My grandma bent over to pick up a needle and thread.
My grandmother was a farmer.
My aunt is coming to Tokyo tomorrow.
My aunt gave me a book for Christmas.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.
My aunt inherited the huge estate.
My favorite flavor is chocolate.
Didn't I give you some money?
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
My father is very nice.
My mother said if I eloped, she would never forgive me.
My mother is beautiful.
I can't find my garment bag.
My girlfriend is a good dancer.
My basket is under the table.
My canary was killed by a cat.
There is no money in my bag.
My bag is too old. I must buy a new one.
What have you done with my bag?
My camera was stolen.
Something's wrong with my camera.
My camera is much better than yours.
My camera is different from yours.
My camera is a Nikon.
My camera loads easily.
My camera is the same as your camera.
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.
My camera is waterproof.
I owe what I am today to my uncle.
My class is made up of forty students.
All the girls in my class are kind.
Half of my class like dogs.
All the students in my class are friendly.
Everybody in my class prefers skiing to skating.
All my class are hardworking.
My plan was adopted by them.
My coach said, "Failure teaches success".
There's a hole in my coat.
My coat has finally worn out.
My overcoat is light but warm.
Don't put sugar in my coffee.
I found my glass in pieces.
There was a message for me, wasn't there?
Don't have any worries on my account.
I don't think I really matter to you.
He doesn't care a bit about me.
Don't bother yourself about me.
Let me alone.
Please note my words.
Don't trouble about me.
Some people think I'm weak-willed.
Whatever you say about me, say it to my face, not behind my back.
Please don't misunderstand me.
Please don't laugh at me.
Do you remember me?
These clothes of mine are out of style.
The cloth absorbed the ink I had spilled.
As compared with his, my collection is nothing.
I'm looking for a coat in my size.
My jeans shrank in the wash.
My jacket is not the same as yours.
What shirt size should I have?
My shirt isn't dry yet.
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.
I can't find my suitcase.
My skirt is too long.
My stereo set is inferior to yours in sound quality.
All of my strength gave out.
My socks aren't here.
Will you help me with this?
I sat by his side.
Sit beside me.
Keep your hands off my typewriter.
Something is wrong with my typewriter.
You might ask before you use my typewriter.
I can't find my duffel bag.
I appreciate your graciousness and efforts on my behalf.
Don't wait on my account.
Please don't take any trouble on my account.
Don't put off your departure on account of me.
Will you make room for me?
Would you mind calling him for me?
My duty is always before me.
My tape recorder is compatible with your amplifier.
All I can do is to work silently.
This is all I can do.
I like playing tennis, though I'm not very good at it.
My tennis hasn't improved in the slightest.
My TV set is almost 15 years old, but it still has a good picture.
My knowledge of German is poor.
My watch doesn't keep good time.
My watch needs mending.
My harsh words bruised her feeling.
You're welcome to any book in my library.
Please drop by and see me.
My knife has such a fine edge.
My notebook is in the desk.
Bring my notebook back to me, please.
A girl opened the door in answer to my knock.
Would you like to come to my party?
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.
What do you make of my pie?
Something was wrong with my computer and I couldn't get on-line.
I can't find my bag.
My punch sent him reeling.
My punch sent him reeling into the rope.
What did you do with my purse?
I've mine right here in my hand.
My box is twice as heavy as yours.
The price of my piano lessons includes the use of the piano.
My beard grows quickly.
My business is picking up again.
Who is it that is sleeping on my bed?
You may use my pen at any time.
My pen is very easy to write.
My pen is old. I want a new one.
My pen must be looked for.
Don't use my pen.
You may use my pen.
There are no faults on my part.
I, for my part, don't care.
I'm about ready to go.
My boyfriend seems serious.
My boyfriend is smart, handsome, and friendly too.
Three of my friends, besides me, were admitted to the bar.
Everybody was singing except me.
It happened that there was a hole in my pocket.
My host family gave me a hearty welcome.
My niece is attractive and mature for her age.
Bring me my glasses.
Get me my glasses.
My hens laid fewer eggs last year.
Please leave my things as they are.
I found your house with difficulty.
Do it your own way if you don't like my way.
My radio has broken down again.
My apples are gone.
Take my apples, boy, and sell them in the city.
Will you look over my report?
My robot's name is Multi.
My robot will prepare meals, clean, wash dishes, and perform other household tasks.
I do things at my own pace.
My love for my dog was very deep.
My dear little cat has been missing for a week.
From my position, I cannot see the tower.
My comment sparked off an argument in the group.
In my opinion, alcohol is not necessarily bad for your health.
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.
In my opinion, we should pay more attention to the present state of affairs.
In my opinion, he is not fit for the work.
In my opinion, he's the right man for the job.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for one's health.
In my opinion, it's quite unsuitable.
My opinion differs from most of the other students in my class.
My opinion is different from yours.
My opinion differs widely from yours.
My opinion is entirely different from yours.
My opinion is contrary to yours.
My opinion is a little different from yours.
My opinion is somewhat conservative.
I think otherwise.
My opinion doesn't count for much at the office.
My opinion is on the whole the same as yours.
My opinion is similar to yours.
My opinion differs from his.
My opinions are similar to his.
I cannot tell my opinion without provoking him.
I have a couple of pieces of evidence to support my opinion.
My intentions reached you clearly enough.
Don't lean on my chair.
The better half of my life is gone.
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore.
My oldest brother attended the meeting on behalf of our father.
My oldest brother is single.
My general impression is that it is very good.
What impressed me was the blue sky.
As for that soup, it was so hot I really couldn't drink it.
My driver's license will expire next week.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make myself understand in English.
Will you help me with my English homework?
My English teacher advised me to read these books.
My English is anything but good.
I could not make myself understood in English.
I assure you of my support.
My speech was greeted with cold silence.
There were no clerks to wait on me.
I can't find my vanity case.
My summer vacation is at an end.
The hill on which my house stands commands a full view of the city.
How long does it take you to go home from my house?
It is not far from my house to the station.
Even if my house catches fire it would soon be put out.
My family is under the control of my mother.
If you come to my house, I will tell you the story in detail.
It's true that a ghost appeared at my house.
There is little furniture in my house.
My house is covered by insurance.
I have only a small garden.
My house is fully insured.
Why don't you come to my house and play the piano?
Please come to my house.
When you can come to my house, please call me first.
The roof of my house is red.
There is an apartment house near my house.
There is not a store near my house.
There is a fine park near my house.
There are some shops near my house.
There is a school near my house.
There is a park near my house.
There is a beautiful park near my home.
There is a broad street near my house.
A small stream runs by my house.
There's a church behind my house.
My house is backed by woods.
It became quiet on top of my house.
There is a cherry tree in front of my house.
A new building is being built in front of my house.
There is a lake in front of my house.
There is a park in front of my house.
There is a tall tree in front of my house.
There is a shop in front of my house.
There is a bookstore in front of my house.
There is a post office in front of my house.
There used to be a garden in our yard.
The bookshelves are built into the walls of my room.
There is a small pond in back of my house.
A tall building was built next to my house.
My house is like yours.
My house is a two-story affair.
My home is on the eighth floor.
My house is beyond that bridge.
My home is in the country.
My house is five blocks away.
My house is a long way from here.
My house is comprised of these four rooms.
My house is on the outskirts of town.
My house is a little way from the street.
My house is just across the street.
My house is on the south bank of the Thames.
My house always shakes when a truck goes by.
My house faces a busy street.
My house is close to a bus stop.
My house is a mortgage-free house.
My house is within easy reach of the station.
My house is near the station.
My house is located at a distance from the station.
My house is ten minutes' walk from the station.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
My house is conveniently close to the station.
My house stands within easy access of the railroad station.
My house faces the sea.
My house, located on a hill, command a fine view.
My family is an old one.
My house is old and ugly.
My house is close to the park.
My house is in the suburbs.
My house stands by a tall tree.
My house is north of the city.
My house is big.
My house is close to the amenities of a big city.
My house is designed so as to withstand an earthquake.
My house has a small yard.
My house is near Tokyo Tower.
My house faces to the south.
My house seems small beside his.
My house is just across from the hospital.
My house is built of wood.
Please drop by my home.
Come to my house.
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house?
My housework is to wash the dishes.
Please see my people.
All are happy in my family.
There are four members in my family.
There are four people in my family.
My family always keep early hours.
My family have lived here for twenty years.
My family liked the dog very much.
My family is not very large.
My family are all athletic.
My family are all very well.
My family are all in good health.
I have a large family.
My family goes to Italy every year.
I think I can do it in my spare time.
My suitcase is broken.
My baggage is missing.
My luggage didn't arrive. What happened?
What did you do with my baggage?
Have you received my baggage?
There are seven men and four women in my section.
My patience gave out.
I would be honored to give you a showing in my gallery.
At our company, the retirement age is 60.
My wish to go abroad is very strong.
Did anyone call me when I was out?
Any phone calls for me while I was out?
She called while I was out.
My cough is getting worse.
My town is by the sea.
My town is not what it used to be.
As far as I can remember, it was three years ago that we last met.
My school has a band.
There is a big park near my school.
My work at school was well above average.
My school is about ten minutes' walk from the station.
Since my school is large, I have to run to get from one classroom to another in a 5-minute break.
My students are few in number, no more than five altogether.
One of my pleasures is watching TV.
My briefcase is full of papers.
Charge it to my account.
My patience is worn out.
The majority of my patients come to me from out of town.
I was cut to the quick by her remark.
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
Somebody's breathing on my face. It's disgusting.
My prayers were answered.
My wish is to conquer this mountain.
My wish is to study painting in Paris.
Please interpret my strange dreams.
Don't lean on my desk.
There is an interesting book on my desk.
The telephone on my desk rang persistently and loudly.
My desk is old.
My desk is old, but his is new.
My desk is made of wood.
It is not any different from what I expected.
My feelings underwent a change.
My prayer was answered.
My rule always was to do the business of the day in the day.
They are cousins, if I remember rightly.
His behavior, as I remember, was very bad.
My memory was at fault.
It turned out that my memory was largely correct.
My memory failed me. I just couldn't remember his name.
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.
You can depend on my older sister-in-law to help you with your homework.
In a sense, I am turning around the argument made by David Riesman in The Lonely Crowd.
My legs still hurt.
My holiday plan has fallen through.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and the others enjoy tennis.
None of my classmates live near here.
My salary doesn't allow us to live extravagantly.
My monthly wage is 300,000 yen.
I am paid by the week.
Last year my income was about five million yen.
You should not have done it without my permission.
You may as well know that I am a strict instructor.
My heart bounds with expectation.
Joy and grief alternate in my breast.
My interest quickened.
My home town is adjacent to the ocean.
Your achievements cannot be compared with mine.
My muscles ached from playing tennis too much.
Don't put your greedy hands on my money.
My shoes are gone.
I can't find my shoes.
My shoes are the same size as his.
My shoes won't bear wearing twice.
My shoes are old, but his are new.
My shoes will have to be mended.
My shoes want repairing.
My shoes need polishing.
How much will it cost to have my shoes repaired?
My socks are in need of mending.
My brother must be sick.
My brother uses this bike.
I as well as my brother am to blame.
He is my brother.
My brother earns half as much money as my father.
But for my brother's help, I would have been drowned.
My brother's widow has married again.
Who is the woman talking to my brother sitting next to him?
My brother is working at a gas station.
My brother has many more good books than I do.
My brother lives in a small village.
After graduating from college my brother went to the United States for the purpose of doing further research.
My brother, being yet unmarried, did not keep house, but boarded himself and his apprentices in another family.
Both of my brothers are married.
My brother wants to go to the moon some day.
My brother is now in Australia.
My brother plays the guitar.
My brother is very good at playing the guitar.
My brother became a cook.
My brother smokes a great deal.
My brother doesn't go in for sports.
My brother is good at playing tennis.
My brother is so smart and witty that I can not beat him in an argument.
My brother is so smart and witty that I cannot beat him in an argument.
My brother is big enough to travel alone.
My brother says he isn't afraid of the dark.
My brother has a taste for music.
My brother wants to study abroad.
My brother is an engineer.
My brother became an engineer.
My older brother is a teacher.
My brother is healthy.
My brother was injured in the car accident.
My brother was killed in a traffic accident.
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.
My brother eats twice as much as I do.
My brother failed to pass the examination.
My brother was very pleased with the examination result.
My brother is out of work.
My brother is rich enough to buy a car.
My brother can drive a car.
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
My brother is good at mathematics.
My brother is a college student.
My brother's an authority on philosophy.
My elder brother is an authority on philosophy.
My brother had his pocket picked in the train.
My brother lives in Tokyo.
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.
My brother pretended to be working very hard.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
My brother is not busy.
My brother is arriving tomorrow morning.
He looks older than my brother.
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
My brother works in a bank.
From my own experience, illness often comes from sleeplessness.
Words cannot describe the horror I felt.
As far as my experience goes, such a plan is impossible.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
I would appreciate it if you could agree to my plan.
Please don't interfere with my plan.
You must accommodate your plans to mine.
Are you against my plan?
My plan is to finish writing all the letters today.
My plan is different from yours.
My plan is to study in Australia.
My plan is visiting old castles in Scotland.
My plan was rejected.
Will you go over my plan?
My plan is to buy a car.
My plan failed time after time.
I cannot stand you telling me all the time what my faults are.
What will you give me at my wedding?
My conjunctivitis is chronic.
My health is not equal to the voyage.
My health is none the better for my exercise.
My dog is wagging his tail.
My dog and cat live in harmony with each other.
Don't worry about my dog.
My dog is almost half the size of yours.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
My dog has a long tail.
My dog was run over by a truck. He was not killed, but his foot was badly injured.
My dog often lies on the grass.
My dog often pretends to be asleep.
My dog goes everywhere with me.
My dog goes to its house.
My dog lapped the water thirstily.
My dog is white.
I found my dog lying under the tree in our yard.
Don't worry about my dog. He won't do you any harm.
My dogs are white.
Patting me on the shoulder, he thanked me for helping him.
I had a notion to tell what I had seen.
In my estimation, he is an honest man.
As I see it, that is the best way.
I see great possibility in him.
My point of view is contrary to yours.
My bet is that John will get the job.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
What I want to say is this.
My point is a broader one.
Let me make plain what I mean.
Hear what I have to say.
This is all I have to say.
Correct me if I am mistaken.
Can you hear me?
Please answer me.
Listen to me carefully, and you will understand what I really mean.
Nobody believed what I said.
Listen to me carefully.
Listen to me, will you?
Do you see what I mean?
I mean it.
Please listen to me.
I'm right, aren't I?
You will do exactly as I say.
You can't go wrong if you are advised by me.
The time will come when you will understand what I mean.
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?
What I said hurt his pride.
Don't forget what I told you.
As you treat me, so I will treat you.
Am I making sense?
Do I make myself clear?
You see what I mean?
If you were really interested in what I'm saying you wouldn't be staring out of the window.
I find it difficult to express my meaning in words.
My words provoked her to anger.
I am sorry if my words hurt you.
I'm sorry if my words hurt you.
I didn't aim my remarks at you.
My remarks were not aimed at you.
Don't take my words ill.
Don't stick your nose into my personal affairs.
My home town lies 10 miles south of New York.
My hometown is in the center of Hokkaido.
My home lies far across the sea.
My hometown is in the center of Kobe.
I heard a noise behind me.
Come along after me.
Repeat each sentence after me.
Please repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Please read after me.
Please follow me.
My sponsor was willing to agree to my suggestion.
I hope my mistake will escape his notice.
My mistake incurred his anger.
Please point out my mistake.
My favorite soccer player is Shinji Ono.
Tennis, my favorite sport, has brought me a lot of friends.
My favorite sport is soccer.
My favorite sport is skiing.
My favorite team is Inter Milano in Italy.
One of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio.
My favorite singer is THE ALFEE.
My favourite game is football.
My favorite song is Hungry Spider.
My taste is quite normal.
I have a predilection for beef.
My happiness depends on you.
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
In my opinion, you are wrong.
In my opinion, you should take the exam again.
I think this politics means Serbs, Croats, and Muslims.
That isn't a good idea in my opinion.
To my mind, it was his mistake.
In my view, you are wrong.
To my thinking, business is improving.
In my opinion, permanent peace is nothing but illusion.
In my opinion, we need to diversify our assets.
In my opinion, he is wrong.
To my mind, the worst part of air travel is the hanging around in airport lounges.
In my view you should try the exam again.
You should try the exam again.
My idea is worth reading.
My idea is quite different from yours.
My ideas are different from yours.
My idea is different from yours.
My idea differs from his.
My idea went against his.
My thoughts are in agreement with them.
Let me say what I think.
Do it the way I told you to.
I'm not accountable to you for my conduct.
I am not accountable to you for my actions.
My behavior was very odd.
The food in my country is not very different from that of Spain.
My country is far away from Japan.
I owe what I am to your assistance.
I owe what I am today to you.
I owe what I am to you.
My left arm is asleep.
My worst vice is smoking.
My first task was to screen out unqualified applicants.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
My wife's taste in dress is contrary to my own.
When using the kitchen knife, my wife cut her finger.
My wife is always finding fault with me.
My wife wants me to do away with this nice old hat.
My wife was a Smith.
My wife did not attend the party and neither did I.
My wife really hates cats.
My wife took good care of this dog.
My wife is a poor driver.
My wife likes to eat out, so she doesn't have to cook.
My wife told me to do away with this old hat.
My wife is Chinese.
My wife showed excellent taste in decorating the room.
My wife is anything but a good cook.
Let me introduce my wife.
My crime seems unreal to me.
Please find me my wallet.
Will you please look over my composition?
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.
My dish-washing duties are a heavy burden.
Come under my umbrella, or you'll get wet.
Won't you share my umbrella?
I will help you when I have finished my work.
In my job I have to deal with all kinds of people.
I deal in facts and figures, not vague impressions.
I need some help with my work.
My day ends at 5 o'clock.
My work is always feast or famine.
My job is taking care of the baby.
My work was to deliver pizza by motorcycle.
My work is not complete yet.
My job is teaching English.
My job is to wash dishes.
My work is finished.
I work as a museum attendant.
My work is to wash my father's car.
Don't hinder me in my work.
Are you willing to help me with that work?
Can you help me with my work?
Please give me a hand with my job.
You can use whichever pen I'm not using.
My mission is to photograph the documents.
In my beginning is my end.
Both of my sisters are not married.
Could you find a room for my sister?
My sister is in her twenties.
Both of my sisters are married.
My sister has a piano.
My sister likes melons and so do I.
My sister often looks after the baby.
My sister used to take care of the flower bed.
My sister is afraid of all doctors.
My sister sings songs very well.
My sister has a sweet tooth.
My sister is shorter than you.
My sister is married.
My sister married her high school classmate.
My sister is not a high school student.
My sister is very fond of children.
My sister likes classical music no less than I do.
My sister has three times as many books as I do.
My sister is a good swimmer.
My sister goes to a university.
My sister will have been studying English for ten years when she graduates from her college.
My sister became a college student.
My sister is engaged to him.
It is said that my sister is beautiful.
My sister usually walks to school.
My sister has her hair done each week.
My sister takes a shower every morning.
My sister plays the piano every day.
My sister isn't used to cooking.
Let me introduce my sister.
Seeing me, they suddenly stopped talking.
When he saw me, he ran away.
No sooner had he seen me than he ran away.
Please keep your eye on my child.
See that my children behave well at school.
My child is curious to know everything.
My child dislikes the dentist.
My children really like animals.
My children wear out their shoes quickly.
The population of my city is about two-thirds as large as that of this city.
I change my mind a lot.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
One of my teeth hurts.
Don't meddle in my affairs.
Please don't go out of your way on my account.
If you don't believe me, go and see for yourself.
My business is prospering.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
My office faces Fifth Avenue.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
My office is on the fifth floor.
My office is in the central area of the city.
Let my things alone.
Please leave my things alone.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
My time has not yet come.
My time is running out.
That was because my watch was five minutes slow.
My watch has been stolen.
It's four o'clock by my watch.
It is just nine by my watch.
It is ten o'clock by my watch.
My watch loses two minutes a day.
My watch loses three minutes a day.
My watch gains five seconds a day.
My watch is different from yours.
My watch is less expensive than yours.
My watch is running all right.
My watch is very accurate.
My watch gains one minute a day.
My watch loses five minutes a day.
My watch may be one or two minutes fast.
My watch is broken.
My watch is more accurate than yours.
My watch gains thirty seconds a month.
It occurred to me that my watch might be broken.
My watch is not correct.
My watch needs to be repaired.
My watch needs repairing.
My watch loses three minutes a week.
My watch is accurate.
My watch isn't running right.
Something is wrong with my watch.
My clock is two minutes fast.
My watch gains five minutes a day.
My watch is waterproof.
He repaired my watch for me.
I had my watch mended.
My home phone number is, area code two-oh-one, one-two-three, four-five-six-seven.
When my bicycle hit the rock, the front tire blew out.
Keep your hands off my bicycle.
Riding my bicycle, the boy ran into a big rock.
My bicycle has got a flat tire.
My bicycle has gone out of commission.
My bicycle disappeared into thin air.
My bicycle is in need of repair.
My bicycle needs fixing.
You can use my bicycle.
Something has happened to my car.
My car is being repaired.
My dictionary is very useful.
There was no response to my question.
Please answer my question.
Answer me.
She made no response to my question.
He had the kindness to lend me his car when mine broke down.
I found my car missing.
I'll send you home in my car.
Let's go for a ride in my car.
Something is wrong with the engine of my car.
I couldn't meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas.
I wish I knew what is wrong with my car.
It was careless of you to lose my car key.
My car, which broke down yesterday, has not been repaired yet.
My car needs washing.
My car is equipped with a CD player.
My car is a Toyota.
My car is at your disposal.
My car is on its last legs.
My car is parked not far from here.
My car is German.
There is something wrong with my car.
There's something the matter with my car.
Where is my car?
Mine is an apology for a car.
My car won't start.
Although my car is very old, it still runs very well.
My car is not running.
My car is being fixed now.
My car needs repairing.
My car is under repair.
My car is large enough to carry five people.
My car is a used one.
My car broke down on the way.
My car is deficient in horsepower.
You may use my car.
I put my car at his disposal.
Don't interfere with me.
Don't stand in my way.
There is nothing to hinder me.
Will you forgive me the debt?
I heartily wish that in my youth I had someone.
I don't like heavy makeup on a young girl.
My primary concern is your safety.
My master inflicted hard work on me.
My hand came into contact with her hand.
My hands and feet were as cold as ice.
It was that dog that bit my hand.
My hand are benumbed with cold.
Don't let go of my hand.
I want to know if my baggage is going to arrive.
I want to know when my baggage is going to arrive.
Where do I claim my baggage?
My baggage was lost in transit.
I haven't my dictionary at hand.
I've got no answer to my letter.
My letter made Susie angry.
My letter should have reached him about this time.
My letter must have gone astray in the mail.
I asked him to answer soon after he received my letter.
This is at best the extent of my magic.
One of my hobbies is collecting old stamps.
One of my hobbies is making artificial flowers.
One of my hobbies is classical music.
My hobby is writing stories.
My hobby is playing the guitar.
My hobby is to collect beautiful butterflies.
My hobby is collecting coins.
My hobby is playing golf.
My hobby is playing the piano.
My hobby is music.
My hobby is listening to music.
My hobby is collecting foreign stamps.
My hobby is fishing.
My tastes differ greatly from yours.
My taste is quite different from yours.
My hobby is to collect old toys.
My hobby is visiting old temples.
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
My hobby is collecting insects.
My hobby is taking pictures.
My hobby is reading novels.
My hobby is stamp collecting.
My hobby is collecting stamps.
My hobby is to read.
My hobby is shopping.
My hobby is making model planes.
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.
My hobby is to cook.
Does my training qualify me to teach?
Always bring your notebook to my class, will you?
My income is barely enough to maintain living.
My income falls short of my expenditure by five hundred pounds.
My income is a far cry from his.
Please write down my address.
Just my old standby: lemon chicken.
The mere sight of the doctor made my cousin afraid.
When my uncle left for America, many people came to see him off at the airport.
My uncle has three children.
My uncle's handwriting is hard to read.
My uncle was the only person injured in the car accident.
My uncle met with a traffic accident yesterday.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, never to come back.
My uncle died of cancer two years ago.
My uncle is the manager of this hotel.
My uncle has a farm in the village.
My uncle can speak German.
My uncle lives in New York.
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.
My uncle is a veteran of the Vietnam War.
My uncle lived in Washington, D. C. for two years.
My uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor's advice.
My uncle deals in fish.
My uncle never writes letters.
My uncle was involved in the traffic accident.
My uncle is in charge of the third-year class.
My uncle, who lives in Osaka, visited us yesterday.
My uncle is very fond of fishing.
My uncle comes back from America next Monday.
My aunt has been dead for two years.
My aunt brought up five children.
My aunt looks young.
My aunt enjoyed good health all her life.
My aunt is older than my mother.
My homework is nearly complete.
My homework remains to be done.
Please give me a hand with my homework.
It's very kind of you to help me with my homework.
Will you help me with my homework?
Help me with my homework.
My cram school is a long way from here.
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.
My study is upstairs.
I can't find my briefcase.
Don't monkey around with my papers.
Call me up whenever you need my help.
My advice is to adopt a new line.
My girl friend ought to be here by this time.
The wound still hurts me.
My future is closely bound up with the finances of my firm.
My baby brother sleeps ten hours a day.
My promotion hangs on his decision.
Please let me introduce myself.
My boss is suffering from a bad cold.
My boss was satisfied with what I did.
My boss was forced to resign.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
The train I was on gathered speed.
I felt relieved when my plane landed safely.
My train left at six and arrived at ten.
My train started at seven, arrived in New York at 10.
My train leaves at seven, arriving in Tokyo at nine.
At my joke, the audience burst into laughter.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
I like autumn most.
My profession is policemen.
My business address is 465 Fifth Avenue.
My appetite was large.
My belief is that he will succeed.
My bedroom is just above.
Please accept my sincere apologies.
Try out my reins and my heart.
My mind was blank.
My heart bounded with joy.
My mind is a blank.
My heart was filled with sorrow.
My mind is as bright and clean as a stainless mirror.
My heart stopped beating.
My heart began to beat fast.
I love my new apartment because it's very close to the station.
My new Alfa Romeo convertible is light red.
Please help me pick out a hat which matches my new dress.
Didn't I show you my new Mustang?
The living room in my new house is very large.
My new pair of shoes are made of leather.
Have you seen my new car?
My new address is as follows.
Is my new hair style funny?
How do you like my new suit?
My new book is not yet in print.
I wish my venture would work out.
I received a letter from him to the effect that he could not accept my offer.
Do you not accept my offer?
He announced my statement to be true.
Mr Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would very much like to meet you.
All my relatives live in this city.
When my old man kicked the bucket last month, he left me only enough money to pay my debt with.
My best friend always gives me good advice.
I'll tell you my story.
My body is not so flexible as it used to be.
My goal in life is to be Prime Minister.
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
My life seems unreal.
My life is perfectly fulfilled.
My life is coming to an end.
My guess is that it will rain soon.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
I guessed right in nine cases out of ten.
I want to thank my host family.
I owe my success to your help.
My success is largely due to your help.
My success was largely due to luck.
My success was, for the most part, thanks to his efforts.
Thanks to your help, I have succeeded.
My success was due to your help.
I owe my success to my friend.
I owe my success to his help.
I owe my success to her assistance.
My grown-up son is studying abroad now.
My grades didn't come up to my father's expectations.
My grades had dived to the bottom of the class.
My grades were inferior to hers.
My grade is above the average.
A trip to Mars may become possible in my lifetime.
You'll want for nothing while I am alive.
My living expense is rising year by year.
This gold Rolex is an expensive watch alien to my lifestyle.
I will send you a tape of my voice.
At the sound of my voice, my dog pricked up his ears.
Many friends of my youth also came.
Please take me to my seat.
My seat is near the door.
Where is my seat?
My seat is on flight 102 on Monday at 8 a.m.
My seat is this window seat.
That's my fault.
On my own responsibility, I will go on with this plan.
I had it made after my own plan.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
Are you satisfied with my explanation?
My explanation may sound strange.
My explanation was not sufficient.
My teacher's instructions are always to the point.
My doctor has an excellent bedside manner.
My teacher has perfect trust in me.
My major is agriculture.
History is my major.
My special branch of study is sociology.
My major is medieval European history.
Where should I put my laundry?
Don't pick your teeth in front of me.
Don't get smart with me, or you'll get a black eye!
There were three people waiting before me.
My ex-boyfriend was brought up in Portugal.
I have buck teeth.
My grandfather's picture is on the wall.
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just wasn't cut out to be a businessman.
My grandfather died when I was boy.
My grandfather was born in 1920.
My grandfather is still active at eighty.
My grandfather lived till he was eighty-nine.
My grandfather lived to be ninety.
My grandfather was part Indian.
My grandfather breathed his last on that night.
My grandfather is very hard to please.
My grandfather came over from Kyushu to Hokkaido.
My grandfather will be seventy this year.
My grandfather likes to walk.
My grandfather, being hard of hearing, often makes an irrelevant answer.
My grandfather likes looking at colorful carp in the pond on a fine day.
My grandfather will have read the Bible ten times if he reads it again.
My grandfather was a soldier during the war.
My grandfather keeps early hours.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
My grandfather was killed in World War II.
My grandfather made it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
My grandfather lived a long life.
My grandfather led a moral life.
My grandfather is very fond of reading.
My grandfather is so fond of reading that not a day passes in which he doesn't open a book.
My grandfather is living on a pension.
My grandfather takes a walk every morning.
Both my grandfather and grandmother are dead.
My grandmother attributes her good health to active living.
My grandmother used to say that she would live to be a hundred, but she died at the age of 85.
My grandmother raised a family of ten.
My grandmother is still very active at eighty-five.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle, and what's more, a bicycle.
My grandmother likes to weave things.
My grandmother is in sound health and lives alone.
My grandmother gave me more than I wanted.
My grandmother lives in the country.
My grandmother is still vigorous at 82 years old.
My grandmother goes for a walk in the evening.
My total income is far short of 300,000 yen a month, inclusive of extra earnings.
I am ashamed of my son having done so.
My son will take over the job.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
My son entered high school.
My son is engaged to his secretary.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
My son still believes in Santa Claus.
My son wants to be a professional golfer.
My son can neither read nor write yet.
My son wants to be a Lincoln.
My son is apt to be absent from school.
My son doesn't talk back these days; he must have turned over a new leaf.
My son can read a clock.
My son thinks women are stronger than men.
My son is going to be a teacher.
My son took an early interest in politics.
My son is not a snob.
My son is subject to ill health.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
My son tried to become a rakugoka.
One of my sons is a teacher, and the other is a doctor.
My foot is small beside yours.
My body shivered with excitement.
My body cried for sleep.
My temperature is 38 degrees.
My temperature was below thirty-seven degrees this morning.
My weight is 58 kilograms.
I weigh about 60 kilos.
They gave me a vase on my retirement.
I want you to take over the plan after my retirement.
Will you go in place of me?
Could you do this instead of me?
Will you go to the meeting in my place?
Will you go to the party instead of me?
Will you look after my children for me?
He attended the meeting in my place.
He will go to the meeting instead of me.
Write to him for me, Jan.
My university has a dorm.
My favorite music is pop music.
My first impression was that he was a tactful politician.
My birthday is coming near.
My birthday coincides with yours.
My birthday is in November.
My birthday is one month from today.
My birthday is on March 22.
My birthday is close to yours.
My birthday is a month from today. That is to say, April 5th.
My birthday falls on Friday this year.
My birthday falls on Sunday.
Thank you for remembering my birthday.
It is really marvelous of you to remember my birthday.
All I know is that he came from China.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
Not that I know of.
As far as I know, he is a very kind man.
So far as I know, he is not lazy.
So far as I know, he is an honest man.
As far as I know, he is an honest man.
To the best of my knowledge, he is innocent.
So far as I know, she is still unmarried.
So far as I know what he has said is true.
He is an industrious student to the best of my knowledge.
He has never come on time that I know of.
As far as I know, she is a kind girl.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth and have it found out by accident.
To the best of my knowledge, he is a reliable person.
As far as I know, he is innocent.
As far as I know, no one has ever done it.
As far as I know, he is honest.
To the best to my knowledge, this computer cannot do the job.
To my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
To the best of my knowledge, the cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
As far as I am aware, there were no problems during the first semester.
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.
To my knowledge, he has not been involved in the fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he is a reliable man.
To the best of my knowledge, he is as good as his word.
As far as I know, the rumor is not true.
As far as I know, this is the best one.
As far as I know, this is the latest edition.
To the best of my knowledge, this is the only translation available.
So far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, he has not arrived yet.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
As far as I know, he has never been overseas.
As far as I know, he is reliable.
So far as I know, he is kind.
To the best of my knowledge, he is honest and reliable.
To the best of my knowledge, he will not come.
As far as I know, they always keep their word.
As far as I know, she has nothing to do with that scandal.
To my knowledge, she has not left yet.
As far as I know, the novel is not translated into Japanese.
It is very far as far as I know.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
He is a good man for all I know.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
As far as I know, she is still missing.
To the best of my knowledge, she's hard to please.
The lake is deepest here in so far as I know.
My acquaintance introduced me to his intimate fellows.
My old car brought me $100.
My Chinese did not pass.
But for my advice he would have been ruined.
He will not change his mind in spite of my advice.
He failed notwithstanding my advice.
Take my advice!
She sent me a present in return for my advice.
My advice is predicated on my experience.
My advice was not lost upon her.
My advice acted as an encouragement to her.
You will do well to take my advice.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
Don't bother about my lunch. I'll eat out.
One of the most curious things that has forced itself on my notice is that there is no permanence in the judgement of beauty.
Will you please check to see if my order has been dealt with?
How's my order coming?
My savings are so small that they won't last much longer.
There is a castle in my town.
My town has two supermarkets.
Our city has no water service yet.
There was a large castle in my city.
My town has a population of about 30,000 people.
My town is surrounded by tall mountains.
My town is quiet on early Sunday morning.
My silence is not to be read as consent.
My season ticket expires on March 31.
The tulips in my garden are now at their best.
My brother takes care of our dog.
My brother has much in common with me.
My brother seldom, if ever, goes to church.
My brother is not as tall as Jiro.
My brother is a first-year student.
My brother soon got used to living alone in Tokyo.
My brother's health has been delicate.
My brother speaks very fast.
My little brother can scarcely swim yet.
My brother doesn't swim.
My brother swims every day in summer.
My brother is a high school student.
My brother has never climbed Mt Fuji.
My brother has been sick since yesterday.
My brother is as tall as me.
My brother studies as hard as I do.
My brother can run as fast as I.
My brother has to take an examination.
My little brother was injured in the accident.
My brother takes great delight in his stamp collection.
My brother fell off a tree and broke his leg.
Don't say 'but' to my suggestion.
My suggestion is for more trees to be planted along the streets.
My suggestion was rejected out of hand.
My proposal met with unexpected opposition.
My proposal met with a negative.
Please give my proposal one more chance.
Could you approve my proposal?
My shop is on the main street of the town.
My telephone is out of order.
Did you note down my phone number?
All my efforts are nothing in comparison with yours.
My efforts have brought me good luck.
All my efforts went for nothing.
My land abuts on the river.
My wrath shall far exceed the love I ever bore.
Only a sincere apology will appease my anger.
My investments earn about 10 percent a year.
My answer will be all right.
My answer corresponds with yours.
See if my answer is correct.
My colleague doctored the report.
It's my special recipe, rabbit stew.
The adventures I read about are absent from my life.
My diaries cover twenty-five years.
Being together all the time, my Japanese classmates got to know each other very well.
My cat has come out from under the table.
Will you look after my cat?
My cat is very anxious to entertain me.
My cat came out of the basket.
Can you tell my age?
My annual income exceeds five million yen.
Can you guess my age?
As compared with my trouble, yours is nothing.
Don't you think my horse ought to win the Derby?
The pain in my back is getting worse.
My uncle went to sea at 18.
My aunt won an all-expenses-paid tour of Hawaii.
My aunt wears glasses when she reads the papers.
My skin burns easily.
I take back my words.
My hair is the longest in my class.
My hair is as long as Jane's.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
My hair curls easily.
My hair was still wet from being washed.
You've cut my hair too short.
My criterion is the ability to work joyfully.
Don't mislead me.
After all my objections, she left home.
My heart was pounding as my turn got nearer.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
My boyfriend is a journalist.
My boyfriend plans to save up and buy a sports car.
My girlfriend is an actress.
My skin burns easily in the sun.
My secretary has a good command of English.
My secretary has a good command of the English language.
He said nothing in answer to my charges.
My flight will depart in an hour.
I look at it from an aesthetic point of view.
Dust had accumulated on my desk during my absence.
It was very careless of me.
How dare you speak about my husband in that disgusting way!
My husband usually leaves for work at 8 o'clock.
My husband is a very good cook.
My husband damaged a nerve in his neck.
My usual sleeping time is from seven to nine hours.
My father died, leaving a large sum of money.
When my father came home, I was studying.
My father has been dead for ten years.
It is five years since my father died.
My father is so old that he can't work.
My father and my brother work in this factory.
How dare you turn my father's house into a market!
My dad's pastime is skydiving.
My father's brother is my uncle.
My father's car is very nice.
My father's room is very big.
My father insisted I should go to see the place.
My father used to drink till late at night.
By the time he retires, my father will have worked for almost thirty years.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
My father was born in Matsuyama in 1941.
My father got married in his twenties.
My father has been in hospital for two months.
My father is fifty years old.
My father will be forty-five in May.
My father knows your mother very well.
Having been brought up in America, my father speaks English fluently.
My father usually comes home at six.
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.
My father is always busy.
My father asked when to start.
My father is, so to speak, a learned fool.
My father died of cancer.
My father was absent from his office yesterday.
My father has been busy.
I attended the meeting though my father told me not to.
My father is usually at home on Sunday.
My father has many books.
My father neither smokes nor drinks.
Besides smoking, my father drinks.
My father likes tennis.
My father is too stubborn to admit his faults.
My father swims very well.
My father is very good at fishing.
My father is too old to work.
My father likes pizza very much.
My father is as bald as a billiard ball.
My father is not home yet.
My father is bound for London.
My father has visited London many times.
My father wanted me to go and see that place.
My father would often go fishing.
My father left me a lot of money in his will.
My father is a doctor.
My father practices medicine.
My father can speak French as well as English.
My father is a teacher of English.
My father stopped smoking.
My father speaks in a gentle tone.
My father doesn't like music.
My father is away from home.
My father is an office worker.
My father serves in the Foreign Ministry.
My father gave up smoking last year.
My father is not a teacher but a doctor.
My father tries to abstain from drinking.
My father doesn't care about money at all.
My father works for a bank.
My father is a bank clerk.
My father likes traveling by air.
My father is a man of few words.
My father pulled his car into the large park.
My father is a pilot on the domestic line.
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.
My father does not go to Tokyo today.
My father isn't reading a book now.
My father won't have any noise while he is at work.
My father died four years ago.
My father always thought that he wanted to be a pilot when he was a boy.
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.
My father gave a nice watch to me.
My father told me to do so on my own.
Father is angry with me.
My father objected to my traveling alone.
My father helped me out of my financial difficulties.
My father failed in business.
My father sometimes goes abroad.
My father goes to work by bike.
My father spends a lot of time on his hobby.
My father manages a store.
My father is very particular about food.
My father cares much about food.
My father was religious and he was a very moral man.
My father makes it a rule to read a few pages before he goes to bed.
My father is contemptuous of drunkards.
My father has a blue and gray tie.
My father used to own a store dealing in meat and fish.
My father used to say that money is not everything.
My father began jogging last month.
My father contracted pneumonia last month.
My father came back from Osaka last week.
My father is a teacher.
My father does not care about his clothes at all.
My father is an early riser.
My father made it a principle to keep early hours.
By the time my father retires, he will have worked for almost thirty years.
My father is a great traveler.
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.
My father likes fishing, and so do I.
My father is an electric engineer.
My father led a moral life.
My father warned me against crossing the road.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
My father goes to church on Sunday.
My father gardens on Sundays.
My father is young.
My father grew old.
My father drives a very old car.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
My father can fly an airplane.
My father traveled all over the world by air.
My father is suffering from a cold.
My father was lost in thought.
My father does walk.
My father is busy.
My father was busy.
My father has a cup of coffee every day.
My father reads the newspaper every morning.
My father goes to work at eight every day.
My father is busy as a bee every day.
My father takes a walk every day.
My father drinks daily.
My father may be sleeping.
My father will not be busy tomorrow.
My father relies little on medicines.
My father is to visit Korea next week.
My father is retiring next spring.
My father is suffering from influenza.
Both my father and my brother are fond of gambling.
Persuading my father first is putting the cart before the horse.
My father died three years ago, that is to say in 1977.
My father is frank.
My father never looked down on the poor.
My father and mother have a big farm there.
I forbid smoking in my room.
There are many books in my room.
There isn't much furniture in my room.
There is a television in my room.
There is no TV in my room.
There is little furniture in my room.
I have a magazine in my room.
There is no clock in my room.
My room has two windows.
My room has three windows.
I have a telephone in my room.
There is a radio in my room.
Come into my room.
You are always to knock before entering my room.
You are always to knock before you come into my room.
The door to my room screeches when I open it. I wonder if there's something wrong with it.
Don't come into my room.
Don't nose about my room.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
My room is twice as large as yours.
My room is just below.
My room is very small.
My room is very untidy. I must put it in order.
My room is three times as large as yours.
My room is comfortable, if it is a little small.
My room is an inviolable refuge.
My room looks out on the street.
My room faces the garden.
My room faces east.
As my room faces south, it is not so cold even in winter.
My room faces south, which makes it sunny and very comfortable.
My room is upstairs on the left.
My room is twice as big as his.
I'll show you my room.
May I see the room, please?
Don't look into my room.
I have all suits made to order.
My clothes were dirty with oil.
Mine is not so good as yours.
I don't have much knowledge of physics.
It has come to my ears that he will not be long in this country.
According to what I heard, they have broken up.
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.
My reply was negative.
Don't interfere with my studying.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
My hours of study are from 8 to 11 p.m.
My mother has been dead these three years.
My mother cleans the room.
I helped my mother with the cooking.
My mother was happy to see her guest eating her cakes eagerly.
My mother was in the hospital during the summer.
My mother was so tired that she went to bed early.
My mother takes a nap every afternoon.
My mother is strict with manners.
My mother got married at the age of twenty.
My mother is constantly forgetting people's names.
My mother always gets up early in the morning.
My mother is always busy.
My mother is on good terms with my aunt.
My mother bought some apples at a fruit store.
My mother knows how to make cakes.
My mother makes a cake.
My mother can play golf very well.
It appears that my mother knows the fact.
My mother is on a diet.
Mother is very busy just now.
My mother went shopping at a department store.
My mother doesn't like watching TV.
My mother likes tea very much.
My mother is really of the old school.
My mother is dead too.
My mother often suffers from headaches.
My mother does not speak English.
My mother loves music.
My mother is strict about manners.
My mother doesn't like my watching TV.
My mother made me a bag.
My mother objected to my traveling alone.
My mother was disappointed by my failure.
My mother gets up earlier than I.
My mother has good handwriting.
My mother asked me to keep her company during the weekend.
My mother is not accustomed to hard work.
My mother plays the piano well.
My mother is a psychology teacher.
My mother is indifferent to politics.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
My mother was very weak from a long illness.
My mother grows flowers in her garden.
My mother looks young for her age.
My mother is sick in bed.
My mother was no less angry with me than my father.
My mother said to me, "Study."
My mother gets up at six every morning.
My mother bakes bread every morning.
My mother is busy as a bee every day.
My mother gets up early every morning.
My mother is said to have been beautiful when she was a girl.
My mother almost never complains.
My mother seldom watches TV at night.
My mother is busy cooking supper.
My mother is a very good cook.
My mother is easily moved to tears.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
I myself didn't have to go and meet him there.
I am taller.
I have nothing to add on my part.
Turn toward me, please.
It seems that my methods are more up to date.
I'm so proud of my boys.
My hat is bigger than Jim's.
My wish is that one day all the people in world will go hand in hand.
My wish is to go to Switzerland.
My wish is to be a singer.
My wish is to be a painter.
All I want is peace and quiet.
My book is on your desk.
What did you do with my book?
Where's my book?
If you come across my book, will you send it to me?
My real address is as follows.
My bookcase is deep enough to take large dictionaries.
My sister played the leading character.
My sister's son Jimmy is my favorite nephew.
My sister's name is Patricia.
My little sister has been suffering from a toothache since last night.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
My sister got married in her teens.
My sister isn't studying now.
My sister is pretty.
My sister can play the guitar very well.
My sister has become a good pianist.
My sister hasn't done homework for herself.
My sister married a doctor.
My sister lives near Yokohama.
My sister went to Italy to study music.
My sister got a job with an airline company and became a flight attendant.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold now.
My sister went to Kobe yesterday.
My sister belonged to the basketball club last year.
My sister is now bound up in her work.
My sister will be thirteen years old next summer.
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.
My sister is a junior at Kobe College.
My sister would often cry to sleep when she was a baby.
My sister is sensitive about her thick legs.
My sister has been sick.
My sister asked Father to buy a new bicycle.
My sister washes her hair every morning.
My sister is famous.
My sister is a famous singer.
My sister will go to Tokyo next year.
It's time my dream came true.
I wish my dream would come true.
My dream is to lead a quiet life in the country.
My dream comes true.
My dream is to travel in a space shuttle.
My dream is to become a pilot.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
My dream is soon realized.
My dream is to be a doctor.
My dream has come true at last by working hard.
My dream is to become an artist.
My dream is still just a dream.
My dream is to be a firefighter.
My dream is to become a teacher.
My dream is to be the First Lady.
My dream is to live a quiet life in the country.
My dream has come true.
My dream is to be a baseball player.
My dream is to study abroad.
It was five days after she graduated that my daughter left Osaka Airport for Germany.
My daughter, Kate, won a singing competition and I'm proud of her.
I opened an account in my daughter's name.
My daughter is but a child.
How tall do you think my daughter will be in three years?
My daughter went to Britain three years ago.
My daughter is to get married in June.
My daughter is a tomboy.
Not only my daughter but some of her classmates say that they saw the criminal.
My daughter is fast asleep.
My daughter is looking forward to Christmas.
My daughter likes summer fruits, such as cherries, watermelons and peaches.
My daughter is in her late teens.
My daughter wants a piano.
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
My daughter is in hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
My daughter does not talk back these days; she must have turned over a new leaf.
My daughter lost almost all the coins she had collected.
My daughter never fails to write to me at least once a week.
My daughter won't find it easy to get accustomed to the new school.
My daughter has taken up doll collecting.
My daughter has grown out of this suit.
My daughter is in labor.
My daughter likes egg yolks.
My name is known to everybody in my school.
My name doesn't appear on the list.
I was called into the office first, my name being at the head of the list.
I heard my name called twice in the dark.
I heard my name called.
I heard my name called in the crowd.
My name is omitted from the list.
My name and address are on it.
My name is James, but please call me Jim.
My name is Robert, so they call me Bob for short.
My name is Yamada.
I asked him if he knew my name.
I replied automatically when I heard my name.
My life was in danger.
I must request you to obey my orders.
They didn't come in spite of my orders.
My orders are absolute.
My tree had a few blossoms but no fruit.
He is only a baby in my eyes.
The scene before me was very beautiful.
My eyes were intent on the scene.
My eyes haven't yet adjusted to the darkness.
My eyes narrowed into slits in the strong sunlight.
My eyes have become less appreciative of colors.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
My aim is to be a doctor.
I don't want to burden you with my troubles.
My problems are very similar to yours.
Where do I come in?
I had to postpone my appointment.
My friend will be our guide.
I am sorry that my friend is not here.
A friend of mine went to America this summer.
A friend of mine called on me at my office.
My friend put forward a good suggestion.
My friends will be here at any moment.
Many of my friends seem to do nothing but amuse themselves by playing games with games machines.
Two of my friends are researchers; one is a linguist, the other a chemist.
A friend of mine came to see me.
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer.
My friend Tom has twice as many stamps as I do.
My friend Mike is studying chemistry at Oxford University.
A friend of mine is studying abroad.
Allow me to introduce to you my friend Yamada.
Several of my friends have been to Japan this year.
He is the only one of my friends that is talented.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
My friend bought the second-best bicycle in the shop.
My friend saved the girl at the risk of his own life.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
My friend may have had a bad time in Africa.
My friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me.
My friend was arrested for speeding.
My friend was angry at the news.
None of my friends drink coffee.
My friend remembered which way to go.
My friend ought to have arrived here by now.
My friend got rid of his debt.
May I introduce my friend to you?
None of my friends play golf.
Few of my friends have two cars.
I have a friend whose nickname is "Pencil."
One of my friends knows you.
In my circle of friends there are two people who are professional singers.
My friend said he had bought a new watch.
My friends set off to America.
My friends don't play tennis.
All of my friends like computer games.
My friend died from a wound.
My friends aren't young.
My friend was beside himself with anger.
All my friends are invited here.
My guilt leaves no room for doubt.
Please send my mail to me in care of my father's office in Tokyo.
Please forward my mail to this address.
What's the balance of my account?
My dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's.
Boil my eggs hard, please.
In my understanding, Robinson treats this element as secondary.
In my understanding, those two experiments do not have common factors.
My dream went up in smoke.
I can see the tower from where I stand.
I'll eat my hat if my candidate does not win the election.
Please put yourself in my place.
Put yourself in my place.
Let me make my stand clearer.
My mother died during my absence.
Would you care for my plants while I'm away?
Will you take care of my dog while I am away?
Please take care of my dog while I am away.
Did anyone call me while I was out?
It seems someone called on me in my absence.
Did anyone come in my absence?
Please keep me informed of whatever happens in my absence.
Please take care of my baby while I am out.
The first two days of my trip were rainy.
My hands were numb with cold.
Please keep your language decent while my parents are here.
I got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit.
My parents' generation went through the war.
Both my parents are quite well.
My parents are always dependent on him.
My parents live in the country.
Both of my parents love each other.
My parents were surprised to hear the news.
My parents aren't old yet.
My parents were born in Aichi Prefecture.
My parents never allowed me to swim alone in the sea.
My parents leave for New Zealand next Saturday.
My parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner.
My parents discouraged me from traveling.
My parents were delighted to hear of the arrival of our baby.
My parents pushed me to quit the baseball club.
Both my parents are at home now.
Both of my parents were brought up in the country.
My parents are familiar with her friend.
Tom asked me how long my parents had been married before they separated.
My parents also have a farm.
My arms went numb.
My cooking cannot hold a candle to Mother's.
My conscience is clear.
I'll help you to the best of my power.
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.
The man who lives next door to me is a doctor.
Sitting next to me was a famous actor.
My neighbor is what we call a nosy person.
My refrigerator is out of order.
My companion said that she was too tired to walk, let alone run.
Listen carefully to what I say.
Hear me out, please.
Listen to what I have to say.
To summarize, I'm saying that society is becoming better.
My arm still hurts.
He caught me by the arm.
My watch is ten minutes fast.
My watch runs too fast.
My wristwatch keeps good time.
I have no more than ten books.
I have no less than ten books.
I got a taste for sake at the age of fifteen.
I became a member of the club in 1980.
I was born in Kyoto in 1980.
I saw a man knocked down by a car.
I have seen a panda once.
I've been there twice.
I have been to Kyoto twice.
I don't like iced coffee, and she doesn't either.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
I object to you going to Europe alone.
I hope you'll get over your cold soon.
I know the man you came with.
I want to know more about your way of speaking.
I really dig that singer.
I believe that the boy is honest.
I cannot forget those kind people.
I stand for freedom of speech for everyone.
I have studied Psychology to some extent.
I can't stand those goody-goody types.
I was beside myself with joy.
I like the music of Austria.
I preferred wearing my Hawaiian T-shirt and green shorts to be cool and different, but I quickly got used to the white shirt and black slacks.
I once worked in a restaurant.
I bought a piece of baggage.
I recognized her by the hat she was wearing.
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.
I passed the examination with difficulty.
I'm not cut out for gambling. Maybe I'm just unlucky, but working for my pay is more of a sure thing.
I am beginning to like Ken little by little.
I rarely touch coffee.
I got this CD player for free.
I believe in this method of teaching.
I regret saying this.
I regret to say this.
I want this letter opened now.
I'm sick of this hot weather.
I don't know how to use this compass.
I listened to him reluctantly.
I bought Jimmy a home computer.
I had intended to call on Jack.
I seem unable to get out of this trouble in short time.
I went to the store near by.
I have been learning a science.
I have not more than ten books.
I studied English when I was there.
I availed myself of the chance to go there.
I didn't like beer at that time.
I'm glad to see such a beautiful animal.
I was more than surprised at the terrible sight.
I am not in the least anxious about it.
I will carry through the work.
I watched the game from beginning to end.
I was in Canada then.
I had never seen a panda till that time.
I've forgotten to post the letter.
I found the new magazine very interesting.
I objected to paying the bill.
I only got a glimpse of the thief.
I doubt the truth of the report.
I found him the book.
I took the little girl by the hand.
I can't make it out.
I gathered more information about it.
I am not so stupid as to deny its great beauty.
I recommend it strongly.
I have to find it.
I arrived at the bus stop just after the bus left.
I ran as fast as possible.
I've just started playing tennis.
I can't eat or drink very hot things.
I can't afford a new coat.
I'm very tired.
I came to the conclusion that something was wrong.
I am good at raising roses.
I feel like nothing on earth.
I made this kennel by myself.
I saw you while you were still under the fig tree before Philip called you.
I had my pen stolen.
I would like to purchase a wooden deck panel that can be laid on the porch.
I would rather have a coffee.
I read detective stories exclusively.
I have nothing particular to do.
I often stay up all night.
I stopped listening to the radio.
I think each of us played a part in inviting today's confusion.
I like Azuchimomoyama Castle.
I was scared to be alone in the dark.
I have been to the store before.
I used to keep a diary.
I received a letter written one week ago.
I made that dress by myself.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
I ate absolutely nothing the whole day.
I will employ somebody who can speak English.
I'm learning music.
I don't like summer.
I insisted that we change our original plan.
I guess I'm spoiled.
I cleared up my desk.
When I got home, I realized that one of my suitcases had disappeared.
I decided to bide my time and wait for the argument to finish.
I needn't have hurried.
I felt like crying.
I go to Kyoto.
I lend money.
I want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean.
I met an old friend by chance.
I think it good for you to read this book.
I don't like your coming late every time.
I want you to stay here with her.
I went fishing with my brother in the river.
I'm a management consultant.
I never agree with him.
I work every other day: Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
I like dogs.
I have enthusiasm for modern paintings.
I go to Koshien stadium.
I am 30 years old now.
I am going to leave my present job.
I can hardly work now.
I don't need anything now.
I am on holiday this week.
I can walk at least two miles.
I played soccer yesterday.
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party last night.
I am thinking of going to the mountains.
I had my work finished.
I think it important that we should keep a promise.
I revealed the truth of the matter.
I would rather walk than wait for the next bus.
I'll ask my grandfather to take me there during the next summer vacation.
I acknowledged that I want to do strange things.
I am ashamed of my poor English.
I am responsible for his conduct.
I am ashamed of my conduct.
I am trying to understand the politics of my country.
I had my picture taken.
I am very lucky to have friends who care about me.
I worked as hard as I could so I didn't fail.
I cannot afford to keep a car.
I have a car.
I don't want to go bald when I'm still young.
I don't care for alcoholic drinks.
Having done my homework, I could finally watch television.
I like spring the best.
I saw a young boy crossing the street by himself.
I have at least ten books.
I like Kenshin Uesugi.
I like castles.
I have always identified hard work with success in life.
I am happiest when I sleep.
I ordered new furniture.
I am human.
I am awkward with numbers.
I worked hard to succeed.
I am a student.
I could not stop myself from crying aloud.
I went to Nagano to take pictures of the mountains covered with snow.
From Sendai I extended my journey to Aomori.
I went fishing last Monday.
I lost my camera the other day.
I am less afraid of heights than I was.
I'm used to getting up early.
I am not going, because, among other reasons, I don't have money.
I majored in philosophy at my university.
I am commuting to university.
I was not conscious of a man looking at me.
I can only tell you what I know.
I am very ill at ease with strangers.
I'm a junior high school student.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
I can't dispense with coffee at breakfast.
I went to Nagasaki.
I can't bear the inconvenience of country life.
I had lived in Osaka for eighteen years when I moved to Tokyo.
I shouldn't eat food that has sugar in it.
I was woken up suddenly at dawn.
I was born in a small town called Nara.
I made the best of her time in Japan.
I am a Japanese.
I learned to study and play like my Japanese friends.
I don't work on Sunday.
I was taught to respect my elders.
I rewarded my pigeons with food for climbing onto the box.
I miss him as much as ever.
I objected to his paying the bill.
I believe he is not guilty of the crime.
I can't bring myself to tell him that there is no hope of his being given the position.
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
I saw him go out of the room just now.
I want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time.
I didn't marry him because he is rich.
I cannot accept the fact that he is dead.
I did not think that he would help us.
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.
I was surprised that he really had a strong resemblance to his father.
I believe him to be innocent.
I exchanged stamps with him.
I asked him to go to my room for my glasses.
I asked where he had been.
I had him take my picture.
I made him tell the truth.
I may have hurt his feelings.
I think what he said is true in a sense.
I can't help admiring his talent.
I'm waiting for his telephone call.
I considered his originality of great importance.
I heard that he was very experienced in overseas investments.
I believe this is by far the best of all the plans they proposed.
I saw them surrounding him.
I thought him very honest.
I let him go.
I don't think she will come back by five.
I received a telegram from her.
I have been to the place which she spoke of in her talk.
I like her all the better because she has childishness.
Never have I seen her before.
I truly loved her.
I found it difficult to make out what she was saying.
I proposed that she come with me.
I thought she was pretty.
I am going to America by plane.
I went to the meeting in place of Sam, who was sick.
Being sick, I had to stay home.
I am happy in spite of poverty.
I usually eat out.
I must live up to my father's faith in me.
I talked my father out of smoking.
I remarked on the beauty of the landscape.
I'm going to Fukui.
I must carry on my studies.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
I sometimes dream of my mother.
I'm going to Hokkaido.
I lost the watch my sister had given me for my birthday.
I delight in going to the apple orchard each fall.
I make it a rule to take a walk every morning.
I was compelled to sign the paper.
I lost face.
I play many ball games; baseball, basketball, and so on.
I was deceived by a person who I had thought was a friend of mine.
I have agreed to let a friend's son come up to this farm by day for about six months as a sort of farm pupil.
I felt very sorry about the sudden death of my friend's father.
I went to a haunted house.
I washed the dishes after supper.
I work for a travel agency.
I put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds.
I saw my neighbor's dog running around in the yard.
I like animals, for example, cats and dogs.
I like the cold.
I saw the train come into the station.
I had got my camera stolen in the train.
I am too tired to climb.
I like the Japanese custom of offering guests moist towels, called oshibori.
I have seen "Star Wars" twice.
I read the New York Times.
I have a great interest in the Wars of the Roses.
My name is Hisashi.
I said Paul was out, but that Mary was at home.
I have no less than one thousand records.
I'm not a hundred percent wrong.
I got 80 marks out of a maximum of 100.
I am not about to pay ten dollars.
I lost a ten-dollar note.
I found ten mistakes in as many pages.
I learned to play guitar when I was ten years old.
I took the 10:30 train, which was ten minutes late.
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.
I left for America at ten o'clock.
I waited up for him until ten o'clock.
I waited for him till ten.
I am forbidden to stay out after 10 o'clock.
I go to bed about ten.
I went back to my hometown for the first time in ten years.
I have known him for more than ten years.
I lived abroad for ten years.
I became a member of the club ten years ago.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
I am not what I was ten years ago.
I allowed a margin of ten minutes.
I waited for ten minutes.
I waited for ten minutes, though they seemed like 10 hours to me.
I can't see myself lying in bed until eleven o'clock.
I have practiced piano every day for fifteen years.
I learned how to ride a bike when I was six years old.
I will get a driver's license when I reach eighteen.
I was born on the 31st of May in 1940.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I was born on the 22 of November 1948.
I was born in Tokyo on the eighth of January in 1950.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
I was born in 1960.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
I was born in Tokyo in 1968.
I was born on October 10, 1972.
I was born on June 4, 1974.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
I was born in Osaka on March 5, 1977.
I was born in Osaka in 1977.
I was born in 1979.
I have been in Kobe since 1980.
I have lived in Tokyo since 1985.
I have lived here since 1990.
I'll focus on the market development for 1999.
I got married when I was 19 years of age.
I bought five books a month.
I usually go to the barber once a month.
I put off writing for over a month.
I made hotel reservations one month in advance.
I took one, and gave the other apples to my little sister.
I ate one and then I ate the other.
I saw a bird flying over a tree.
I've never been absent from school.
I love looking at everyone's colorful kimonos on Coming of Age Day.
I gave them one thousand yen each.
I have left out one line in reading.
I went to bed at one o'clock.
I can't absorb all of the lesson in an hour.
I hung around for one hour.
I have been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour.
I started this job an hour ago.
I commute to work for an hour.
I had been reading for an hour.
I have been waiting for an hour and a half.
I have been here for a week.
I will finish reading the book in a week.
I'll finish the work in a week, that is, on May 5th.
I reached my destination in a week.
I had a bad cold for a week.
I had my licence renewed a week ago.
I saw her a week ago.
I told him that I had seen her a week before.
Since I was sick for a week, I am making every possible effort to catch up.
Since I was sick for a week, I'm making every possible effort to catch up.
I live in this house by myself.
I cannot carry this suitcase by myself.
I'm old enough to live by myself.
I like to travel alone.
I was able to win the first prize.
I competed with him for the first prize.
I feed my dog twice a day.
I go for a walk every other day.
I go to the dentist every second day.
I go to the dentist's every other day.
I take a bath every other day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even a day.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
I was playing tennis all day.
I watch television all day long.
I wandered about the streets all day.
I am worn out from working all day.
I have been writing letters all day long.
I waited for him all day long.
I was chained to the desk all day.
I have been on a diet for more than a year.
I worked on a yearly contract.
I play tennis all the year around.
I saw a black cat run into the house.
I added a room to my house.
I missed the train by a minute.
I can type 50 words a minute.
I don't have any pens.
I paid an account of 10,000 yen.
I want to change ten thousand yen to dollars.
I'm going to stay here for a couple of months.
I could not possibly finish the work in a few days.
I must have my car fixed in a couple of days.
I was in New York for a few days.
I am taking a couple of days off.
I made the last bus by a few seconds.
I have a few pens.
I have memorized 2000 English words.
I counted up to 200.
I have turned 20.
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came.
I asked twenty friends to the party.
God only knows if I can live out the 20th century.
I am a 22 year-old man.
I made out a check for $25 and handed it to the salesperson.
I have to change buses two times.
I live in a two story house.
I enjoyed watching TV for two hours.
I am exhausted from a two-hour examination.
I studied for more than two hours, and afterward I went to bed.
I have been studying for two hours.
I arrived in Kobe around two thirty.
I became acquainted with her two weeks ago.
I will never make such a mistake again.
I've been to Paris twice.
I have not been studying for two days.
I have been busy for two days.
I have not been busy for two days.
I returned to my native village after two years' absence.
I have been studying German for two years.
I teach English to the second year classes.
I don't remember seeing you two years ago.
I quit smoking two years ago.
I went to Obihiro two years ago.
I came to Japan two years ago.
I lived in Sasayama two years ago.
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
I have lived here for thirty years.
I missed the train by thirty seconds.
I was made to wait for over 30 minutes.
I received a letter three months later.
I have not seen him for about three months.
I have visited Kyoto three times.
I have an appointment at 3.
I had a bite at around 3 o'clock.
I possess three kinds of video-game machines.
I can run the fastest of the three.
I have three brothers; one is pilot, another a diplomat and the other a carpenter.
I have three brothers; one lives in Japan, and the others abroad.
I must draw up three papers in as many days.
I plan to stay here for three days.
I have stayed in Kyoto for three days.
I intend to stay in Nagoya for three days.
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.
I met a friend whom I had not seen for three years.
I was engaged in it for three years, that is, till I was twenty years old.
I have lived in Sasayama for three years.
I have kept a diary for three years.
I have been in Japan for three years.
I am in charge of the third-year class.
I joined the golf club three years ago.
I first met him three years ago.
I met her by accident on Third Avenue.
I missed the bus by three minutes.
I am meeting my mother at the station at 4 o'clock.
I'll call back at four o'clock.
I have to finish the work by four o'clock.
I have no less than four brothers.
I have four people in my family.
I have been studying English for four years.
I started doing this work 4 years ago.
I've been subscribing to that magazine for four years.
I came to Japan four years ago intending to stay for one year.
I have never had more than $500 in my possession.
I've got no more than five hundred yen.
I have a deposit of 500,000 yen at the bank.
I made five applications for jobs but got nothing.
I will be sixteen in May.
I expect to take a vacation in May.
I paid him a visit on a warm afternoon in May.
I have been here since five o'clock.
I arrived here about five o'clock.
I'll pick him up at 5.
I will finish this work by 5 o'clock.
I was allowed to go there on condition that I came back by five o'clock.
I got up about five.
I don't know any of the five ladies.
I have only five thousand yen.
I returned to my hometown after five years' absence.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
I am the 5th youngest child.
My credit is good for 50,000 yen.
I hope to retire from work when I'm 60 years old.
I have read sixty pages, while he has read only ten.
I meet him once every six months.
I found six mistakes in as many lines.
I lived in Osaka until I was six.
I was meeting Bob at six.
I reached the station at six.
I make it a rule to get up at six.
I make a point of getting up before six.
I'll meet them at six.
I'll stay there till six o'clock.
I'll come home by six o'clock.
I have to take two pills every six hours.
I'm going to leave the library at six-thirty.
I wear size six gloves.
I usually have supper between 7 and 8 p.m.
I'll be back at seven o'clock.
I got home at seven.
I have breakfast at seven.
I had breakfast at 7:30.
I study from eight to eleven.
I will be at your house at eight.
I ate breakfast at eight.
I have an appointment at 8 o'clock.
I will have finished the work by eight o'clock.
I got married 8 years ago.
I'll be sixteen in September.
I will finish my homework by nine.
I slept nine hours.
I had to choose between A and B.
I don't have a CD player, but I bought the CD anyway.
I was in an IAA meeting.
I'm with NTT.
I own 1,000 shares of NTT stock.
I'm a female office worker.
I had my T-shirt washed.
I have seen a UFO.
I watched the 4th season of X-files.
I watched X-files the movie.
I don't care for ice cream.
I never have an ice cream without feeling happy.
I'm not familiar with the boy.
I can't bear that fellow.
I studied the structure of Ainu families.
I ironed my handkerchiefs.
I ran a risk of advising her.
I want to see the sights in Akiruno city.
I suppressed a yawn.
I played the accordion.
I am going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
I foolishly imagined that he was going to help me.
I like all sorts of Asian foods, particularly Thai food.
I am taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I've got to finish this essay by tomorrow.
I am leaving for the United States tomorrow.
I leave for London tomorrow morning.
I leave for Paris tomorrow.
I want to eat apple pie.
I don't like your going out alone.
I'm looking forward to your visit.
I know that you live here.
I think it a pity for you to lose such a chance.
I think you can get it.
I've never heard you talk like that.
I don't approve of your wasting time.
I know where you live.
I'll take care that you don't meet with any injury.
I have received no reply from you yet.
I am not answerable to you for anything.
I think that you are to blame.
I know how old you are.
I am certain that you have noble thoughts.
Much as I like you, I will not marry you.
My recommendation is that you invest in government bonds.
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
I want the same style of coat as you wear now.
I had the pleasure of learning that you recently became the manager of the production division.
I am impressed by your recent advertisement in the New York Times.
I bought the same camera as you have.
I am longing for you to succeed as a businessman.
I think that you do know about that.
I rely on you to help him.
I am glad that you have helped me.
I learned that you are in the hospital recovering from heart surgery.
I wish you good luck with your new responsibilities.
I saw you driving your new car.
I'm sure that you will succeed.
I am relying on you to be honest.
I know that you are a teacher.
I'm glad to know that you are on the way to a full recovery.
I'm looking forward to your coming to Japan.
I don't like the way you laugh at her.
I don't know whether you are telling the truth or not.
I don't like your coming late every day.
I disagree with you.
I have enjoyed talking to you.
I wish I had been there with you.
I should like to go with you.
Hope to see you next time I'm in N.Y.
I do not quite agree with you.
I am as interested in writing poems as you are.
I'm as tall as you.
I have the same trouble as you have.
I will accompany you.
I'd like to dance with you.
I want to talk to you.
I don't have anything to give to you.
I have enjoyed seeing you and talking about old times.
I will play the guitar for you.
I never dreamed of seeing you here.
I'll enjoy showing you around the city.
I would like you to post this letter.
I insist on your being present.
I want you to sing the song.
I would have you apply yourself to your study.
I want you to do it at once.
I must say no to you.
I would not have you other than you are.
I find it difficult to talk to you about anything serious.
I'm glad to see you again.
I gave you explicit instructions not to touch anything.
I want you to sing a song.
You remind me of your mother whenever I meet you.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
You are the last person that I expected to meet.
I'll never forget seeing you.
I will show you the picture.
I never meant to have you pay the bill.
I thank you.
I have some pictures to show you.
I can ensure a job for you.
I want you to wash the car.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I'm not in a position to give you advice.
I'd better tell you the truth.
I'd like you to pay the money in advance.
I want you to come back early.
I want you to open the window.
I can give you a long life.
I catch up with you.
I don't feel hostile toward you.
I will tell you about Japan.
I'll tell you the truth.
I have ten times as many books as you have.
I'm twice your age.
I have three times as much money as you.
I will keep your advice in mind.
I like that tie of yours.
I can understand you to some extent.
I can't imagine life without you.
I don't understand you at all.
I'm older than your brother.
I want to make friends with your sister.
I graduated from college in the same year as your father.
I want to see your mother.
I am sick to death of your complaints.
I don't mean to poke my nose into your affairs.
I think of you all the time.
I love you more deeply than I can say.
I like that about you.
I do not want to waste the best years of my life for you.
I will do what I can for you.
I'm coming to your party and bringing you an unusual present.
I have no objection to your opinion.
I agree with your opinion.
I succeeded through your help.
I agree with your interpretation to a large extent.
I may have hurt your feelings, but such was not my intention.
I take part in your enterprise.
I am writing in relation to your complaint.
I am afraid your plan will not work.
I'm thinking about your plan.
I have no objection to against your plan.
I have no objection to your plan.
I cannot approve your plan.
I was ignorant of your plan.
I am convinced of your innocence.
I disapprove of what you say.
I do not understand you.
I'll never forget your kindness.
I care a good deal about what you think.
I think highly of your way of thinking.
I want to get a satisfactory explanation for your conduct.
I want to know more about your country.
I want to know about your country.
I'm your wife and I like to look nice to please you.
I have four times more CDs than you do.
I don't know both of your children.
I will do it according to your instructions.
Can I watch your next game?
I can not answer your question.
I have no intention whatever of disturbing you.
I read your letter yesterday.
I want to help you with your homework.
I am badly in need of your help.
I look to you for help.
I will act on your advice.
I cannot bring myself to accept your offer.
I regarded your offer as a joke.
I envy you your success.
I am anxious for your success.
I am not satisfied with your explanation.
I wanted to go back to your village.
I'll be your first patient.
I'd like to point out some problems regarding your suggestion.
I'll take my cue from you.
I firmly believe that your time will come.
I resent your cynical remarks.
I envy you your beauty.
I am quite in agreement with your analysis.
I found your cap.
I enjoyed reading about your dreams.
I don't want to get you into trouble.
I value your friendship very much.
I met your friend.
I can not comply with your request.
I think it necessary for you to eat more.
I have confidence in your ability to win.
I think you resemble your mother.
I was asked to give you a message.
I can't run as fast as you.
I'm not as tall as you.
I am not so fond of music as you are.
I'm three years younger than you.
He is much more of a golf enthusiast than I am.
I am shorter than you.
I took you for Mrs. Brown.
I didn't greet you because I mistook you for somebody else.
I will wait for you in front of the school.
I will protect you from danger.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
I cannot help falling in love with you.
I'll stand up for you.
I see you every now and then.
I cannot help laughing at you.
I look on you as my best friend.
I would like to visit you.
I take you for an honest man.
I look up to you.
I sat up until three a.m. waiting for you!
I have been looking for you.
I'm looking for you.
I know you.
I don't know you.
I won't leave you behind.
I am not going to betray you.
I quite agree to your proposal.
I love that commercial.
I like to shop at that department store.
I went shopping at that department store.
I'll never forget what Father said then.
I would take this dress before that one.
I couldn't but buy such lovely dolls.
I'm not satisfied with the restaurant's service.
I want to be that doctor's patient.
I can't remember the tune of that song.
I know the president of that company by name.
I know some students in that school.
I want a picture of that dog.
I bought that car.
I have an account at that book shop.
I have seen that girl before.
I don't know who that boy is.
I find interest in the social page in that newspaper.
I remember seeing that gentleman somewhere.
I discerned the potential of great things in him.
I am reluctant to help him.
I think him unkind.
I got scolded severely by that teacher.
I know that running boy.
I am through with him.
I was on close terms with him.
I got a video cassette recorder cheap at that shop.
I didn't buy anything at that store.
I got a new stereo at that store.
I bought a red sweater at that shop.
I came upon a rare stamp at that store.
I bought a cat at that shop.
I had words with the manager of that store, because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn't operating properly.
I bet ten dollars on that horse.
I know those tall girls quite well.
I like these clothes more than I like those clothes.
I was suspected of being a thief because I was hanging about near the jeweler's.
I am proud to call him my teacher.
I see a girl standing under that tree.
I will not borrow money from those people.
I live in an apartment.
I pay 100,000 yen in monthly rent for my apartment.
I narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
I do not have much money on hand.
I don't have much money.
I don't like cheese very much.
I don't enjoy tennis.
I met too many people to remember all their names.
I make too many mistakes.
I was too tired to walk any more.
I am so busy that I don't watch TV.
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.
I'm too tired to walk.
I am too tired to run.
I don't drink much wine.
I don't care for flowers very much.
I haven't eaten very much but have gained as much as five kilos in a half year.
I have not been around much.
I don't want to get married too early.
I intended to study medicine in America.
I was born in America.
I have been to America twice.
I have never gone to America.
I had to go to America.
I would like to go to the USA.
He wants to go to America.
I want to make my home in America.
I traveled far and wide in America.
I stayed with an American family.
I watched an American drama.
I am corresponding with an American high school student.
I realized something about American children.
I like reading American novels.
I want to learn about American daily life.
I'm a big fan of American cooking.
I have been to the U.S. twice.
I want to go to America.
I am learning English with the idea of going to America.
I have never been to the States.
I have visited America.
I love American movies.
I'm studying the American drama.
I went to Europe by way of America.
I went to Europe by way of the United States.
I'm from America.
I believe him an American.
I am an American.
I am an American student.
I'd like to prolong my stay in America.
I come from a small town in the Midwest.
I am interested in American literature.
I changed my mind on second thought.
I went to bed after preparing everything in advance.
I am deeply indebted to my friends for all their help.
I like all kinds of music but I'm most fond of classical.
I thought out all the difficulties.
I'm Alan Tate, Terry Tate's son.
I don't care for Alice.
I need all money possible.
I have tried every way.
I roomed with a delegate from Algeria.
I may have to work part time.
I decided that I would quit my part-time job.
I want some albums. Please show me some.
I tore the picture out of the album.
I went climbing in the Alps.
I made friends with a student from abroad.
I hit on an idea.
A boy spoke to me.
I support his proposal with certain qualifications.
I had a man build me a house.
I can understand French to a certain extent.
I agree with him to a certain extent, but not entirely.
I'm looking for an old man.
I know what that is.
I fell down the stairs in my haste.
I made a mistake through doing it in a hurry.
I ran away in a hurry.
I went to Europe by way of Anchorage.
I was lost in Sir Anthony's wonderful story.
I have never come across such a stubborn person.
I've never met such a kind man.
I asked Ann if she were a student.
I made Ann a doll.
I have a nice camera.
I went on a ten-day trip to Easter Island.
It's OK with me.
I thought of a good idea.
I will carry out the plan in spite of all opposition.
I have just returned from Britain.
I have a friend in England.
I have never been to England.
I ordered several books from England.
I'm studying the English drama.
I visited many parts of England.
I am looking forward to visiting Britain once again.
I was able to visit several American homes.
I can not be tolerant of naughty children.
I received a Christmas card from my brother in Italy.
I'm staying in Italy.
I associate strawberries with shortcake.
We went picking strawberries.
When am I to contact you?
I'd like to play tennis with you some day.
I want to go to America someday.
I must go some day or other.
I wish to visit Egypt someday.
I want to see that girl again some day.
I will be a doctor someday.
I'd like to go abroad someday.
I will visit foreign countries someday.
When can I swim here?
I'm wondering when to buy a computer.
I didn't know when to switch the machine off.
I'm always suspicious of men like him.
I am ready to help you.
I know a girl who is always smiling.
I'm ready to leave now.
I always try to tell the truth.
I make it a rule to keep early hours.
I fell sound asleep before I knew it.
I want to go to Africa someday.
I was taken for a ride.
I try not to dwell on the past.
I still bear his name in mind.
Eleven o'clock is my regular time for going to bed.
I always get up at six.
I usually get up at six.
I usually have dinner at seven.
I'm always confusing John with Paul.
I always confuse John and his twin brother.
I always pass the time by watching TV.
I got up early as usual.
I altered my typical lunch and had a steak instead.
I usually go home at five.
I usually go to school by bus.
I always write letters with pen and ink.
I always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets.
I always carry a bottle of mineral water with me.
I went to bed a little earlier than usual.
I went to bed a little later than usual.
I got up earlier than usual.
I was always good at English.
I go to the country every summer.
I'm always proud of my family.
I always eat out.
I always say to myself to be generous.
As a rule, I get up late, but this morning was different.
I respect those who always do their best.
I always make it a point to paint things as they are.
My ears are always ringing.
I always have difficulty in making myself understood.
I always keep three dictionaries at hand.
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.
I always keep several dictionaries at hand.
I'm always busy with my homework.
I always put off doing my homework and get into trouble.
I am constantly forgetting names.
I'm always forgetting people's names.
I was always good at math.
I don't like people who always insist on talking about politics.
I am constantly amazed at the energy of my grandparents.
I always get up early.
I don't always get up early.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.
I washed my hands as usual.
I always drive at a moderate speed.
I always make sure that my name is on my paper.
I always put down good experiences in my diary.
I dress lightly all the time.
I always have to give in to him.
I'm always interested in reading his column.
I'm always bored with his boastful talk.
I always make a point of painting things as they are.
I used to go to that library to study.
I'm busy all the time.
I always have trouble remembering names.
I always arrive a little ahead of time.
I have always kept my word.
I always keep a promise.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
I always wear a watch so I know what time it is.
There is no telling when I can see her again.
I borrowed 1,000 yen from my cousin.
I went shares with my cousin in the profits.
I have to go to the airport to meet my cousin.
I was determined to help her at the risk of my life.
I have no money with me now.
Never have I seen such a smart child.
I am listening to his recital.
I did the work against my will.
I made use of every opportunity to improve my English.
I collect dolls from different countries.
I bought many types of cloth.
I tried many things but failed after all.
I have seen various difficulties.
I read all kinds of books.
I was an outsider, so to speak.
I don't like what they call a man of character.
I got an ink blot on this form.
I ordered the book from England.
I'm on the lookout for a good introductory book about the Internet.
I have an appointment to visit a guru in India.
I was on a trip to India.
I was in bed with the flu.
I bought a woolen sweater.
I had the waiter bring us some coffee.
I carelessly deleted your e-mail address and had to ask Russell in New Zealand for it.
I must look after the rabbits.
I look down on liars and cheats.
I can't keep track of our family budget.
I almost forgot all about that.
I lay on my face.
I nodded, but did not move.
I was quite pleased with myself for managing a joke.
I don't like noisy music, such as rock.
I'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
I am engaged in AIDS research.
I was abducted by aliens.
I like my shrimps fried.
I went down by elevator.
I attempted to leave but was stopped.
I have a big dog.
I visited American friends in Oakland.
I'm saving up so that I can go to Australia.
I want to travel to Australia.
I'm from Australia.
I've been to Australia three times.
I come from Australia.
I want to ride a motorcycle.
I've never been to my grandfather's house.
I received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived.
I was forced to make a bow.
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.
I spoke to my uncle on the telephone.
I've never been to my uncle's house.
I stayed with my uncle.
I sponged a dinner off my uncle.
I was given a nice present by my uncle.
I was hired by my uncle.
I wrote to my uncle, who wrote back to me soon.
I am staying with my uncle.
I am boarding with my uncle.
I was named after my uncle.
I have just been to the station to see my uncle off.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up.
I was hungry and angry.
Please don't bother about lunch because I'm not hungry.
There is nothing left in my stomach, either.
I am already forgetting my grandmother's face.
I learned how to spin wool from watching my grandmother.
I addressed the letter to my aunt.
I asked my aunt to tell the stories of her travels.
I stayed at my aunt's house for three days.
I'm staying at my aunt's.
I adore the opera.
I like funny movies better.
I had to amuse ourselves with toys.
I live next door to the toy shop.
I have been here for about three weeks.
I paid a matter of fifty dollars.
I like oranges very much.
I squeezed the juice out of the oranges.
I like fruits such as oranges and apples.
I prefer grapefruits to oranges.
I foolishly interpreted the idiom according to its literal sense.
I'm a bit pushed for money.
I plan to stay here until my money gives out.
I do not have any money.
I know that money isn't everything.
I want time instead of money.
I have hardly any money with me.
I don't carry much cash with me.
I'm short of money.
I have spent more than two-thirds, if not all, of the money for a new car.
I've lost all my money.
I had my money stolen.
I am in a bind as my money has been stolen.
I entrusted my money to him.
I'm not going to waste my money.
I watched TV after I washed the dishes.
I refrain from drinking.
I'm not angry because you have failed.
I have orders to waste you.
I cannot afford to leave you idle.
I cannot afford to leave you idle. You must take up a regular occupation.
I would like tea or coffee.
I am glad I was not born before tea.
I don't care for green tea.
I like tea.
I like coffee better than tea.
I ordered two teas and three coffees.
I cannot even boil water, much less roast a turkey.
I know a girl whose father is a lawyer.
I played catch with my father.
I am taking a bath now.
I had fairy tales read by my mother.
I wanted to get up earlier than Mother.
I drew back the curtain.
I want to play cards.
I sent him a book along with a card.
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.
I enjoyed talking with my girlfriend.
I walked along a lane bordered with hedgerows.
I may have put the key somewhere in this room.
I don't remember where I put my key.
It occurred to me that I had forgotten my keys.
She gave a faint smile.
Having a slight cold, I went to bed early.
I have a sore throat from a cold.
I tend to catch colds.
I didn't go skiing for fear of catching cold.
I was watching the scene holding my breath.
I have some work to clear up.
I heard that story once.
At one time I lived alone in the mountains.
I have once been to Europe.
I once lived in Rome.
I used to listen to English programs.
Once I had a very bad disease.
I once rivaled him for the championship.
I lost my temper and kicked the vending machine.
I can no more swim than a hammer can.
I'm having a great time in Canada.
I told my son in Canada to write me more letters.
I correspond with many friends in Canada.
I want to see my friends in Canada.
I have been to Canada.
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
I was forced to drink against my will.
I find myself in a rather delicate situation.
I regard crab as a great delicacy.
I was robbed of my bag.
I was in a coffee bar soaking in the atmosphere.
I exchanged a camera for a guitar.
I have two cameras.
I lost my camera.
I pawned my camera.
I had my camera stolen.
I bought a camera, but I lost it the next day.
I pointed my camera at her.
I'm bad at singing karaoke.
I love karaoke, but I'm not much of a singer.
I was being made a fool of.
I'm not the only one who is tired of the work. She is, too.
I like curry and rice.
I saw him take out something like a pot from the box.
I took for granted that he was above such meanness.
I got the idea that he would come by himself.
I vaguely remember meeting him.
I reminded him to write to his mother soon.
I will apply for help to him.
I told him to come the following day.
I share his political perspective.
I was arrested for aiding in his escape.
I imagined him a tall man.
I put a red mark on the calendar for my birthday.
I barely caught the train.
I have a pretty dog.
I was moved to pity.
He lost his temper and threw a cup.
I had my only son die of cancer.
I can play the guitar.
I've taught myself to play the guitar.
I want to play the guitar.
I can't play the guitar, much less the violin.
I'd like to be a guitarist.
I was accustomed to hard work.
I am not used to hard work.
I have waited a full three hours.
I am sure of winning the tennis match.
I am sure I'll get along with him because we are from the same prefecture.
I resolved to break up with her cleanly.
I got the ticket for nothing.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
I bought this printer yesterday.
I got a letter from an old friend yesterday.
I had a toothache yesterday.
I received his personal visit yesterday.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
I was too embarrassed to look her in the eye.
I regard myself as your guardian.
I saw a gangster lying in the light from the hall.
My father suggested that we go camping.
I must leave here today.
I studied for a while this afternoon.
I'd like to see my art teacher this afternoon.
I studied for a while this morning.
I believe in Christianity.
I never saw a giraffe.
I can't help sneezing, I caught a cold yesterday.
I was involved in a petty argument.
I don't like classical music.
I like classical music very much.
I like not only classical music but also jazz.
I'm fond of listening to classical music.
In my class I noticed a girl student who was particularly intent on studying Chinese.
Next to him, I'm the fastest runner in our class.
I am attracted to a certain boy in my class.
I am older than any other student in my class is.
I tried to make friends with the classmates.
I meet him on occasions at the club or at the golf links.
I like Christie's novels better than Dickens's.
I love strawberries on Christmas cake.
I am looking forward to Christmas.
I studied English very hard day after day.
I explained the reason in detail.
I urged Keiko to stop using people for her own convenience.
I allowed Kate to go home.
I like Kevin Nash.
I like cake.
I was fond of cake.
I will call on him with some cake and flowers.
I ate a quarter of a cake.
I know the girl who is making cakes.
I was playing a game when I felt an earthquake.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
I saw Bob this morning.
I was at my best this morning.
I have made an appointment with Mr Kennedy.
I know better than to quarrel.
I have just been to Ueno station to meet Kenji.
I gave my vote to Ken.
I wanted to buy a huge stuffed bear at Ken's but it was not for sale.
I can run faster than Ken.
I am not keen on this kind of music.
I'm not good at this sort of thing.
I hung my coat in the hall closet.
I have put off my coat.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
I like coffee very much.
I cannot do without sugar in my coffee.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
I don't care for coffee.
I would rather have tea than coffee.
I had two cups of coffee.
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.
I'll take my coffee black.
I haven't bought a new coat in five years.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I've worked here for ten years.
I have been waiting here for two hours.
I don't know my way around in this neighborhood.
I am able to swim here.
I can see some Japanese people here.
I was asked to wait here.
I'm fed up with working here.
I will wait for my sister here.
I used to swim here every day.
I want to stay here longer.
I have lived here for ten years.
I want to stay here.
You can reach me at the address written here.
I have just arrived here.
I didn't know whether to stay here or go to London.
I arrived here at eight this morning.
I have been living here for three years.
I have lived here.
I'm looking for a man who is supposed to live here.
I'm going to stay here for several days.
I met him on the day I arrived here.
I have a few friends here.
I don't regret coming here.
I ran across an old classmate on my way here.
I have lived here a little over 60 years.
I can't stand the cold here.
I am about to leave here.
I chose these over the shoes.
I am a cook.
I like such a passionate picture as Gogh painted.
I saw a man with a child.
I have been living here for these ten years.
I have kept a diary in English these ten years.
I have not been sick for the past ten years.
I have been in the hospital for the last month.
I have not eaten anything for the last three days.
I have been teaching English these five years.
Even though I have studied English at school for the past six years, I'm still not good at speaking it.
I don't know how to operate this CD player.
I want to do some shopping around here.
I am a stranger here.
I never see this album without remembering my school days.
I bought this camera for 25,000 yen.
I like this coat. May I try it on?
I bought this coat at a low price.
I have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years.
I couldn't believe this!
I can't agree with you on this matter.
I was more than a little shocked at this.
I am not concerned with this.
I am not entitled to comment on this.
I am not concerned with this affair.
I feel very lonely these days.
I am familiar with this computer.
I don't know how to operate this computer.
I have all these apples to carry, not to mention this bag of potatoes.
I ordered this swimsuit from France.
I bought this sweater in a sale.
I'm the leader of this team.
I remember posting this letter.
I must pass this exam, no matter what.
Living, as I do, in such a large town, I can seldom go fishing.
I prefer that dress to this one.
I sewed the dress with silk thread.
I was surprised at this news.
I don't like this quiet necktie. Please show me a more colourful one.
I am invited to this party.
I must use this bike.
I paid $200 for this bag.
I got this visa at the American Consulate in Kobe.
I bought these biscuits at the grocer's.
I was given this present by Ann.
I like this blend of coffee.
I know every word on this page.
I paid no less than a hundred dollars for this pen.
I paid not less than a hundred dollars for this pen.
I bought this pen at the stationer's around the corner.
I would like to get a camera like this.
I cannot feel at home in such a hotel.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
All these notions I have long since abandoned.
I bought this racket at a 20 percent discount.
I bought this racket two months ago.
I like this love song.
I like the atmosphere of this restaurant.
I bought this word processor at a reasonable price.
I can do nothing with this naughty boy.
I'm trying to rid myself of this bad habit.
I've been living with my uncle for a month.
I've been in Sapporo before.
I have been writing this manuscript for a year.
I found this film very exciting.
I was moved by this movie.
I can never see this movie without being moved.
I'll treat this play simply as a tragedy.
I will visit my uncle in Kyoto this summer.
I have put on two kilograms this summer.
I went camping last summer.
I have been nowhere this summer.
I got my license this summer.
This song is familiar to me.
I can sing this song without the text.
I couple this song with his name.
I want this luggage carried to my room at once.
I work at this company.
I compared this picture with that picture.
I know the artist who painted this picture.
I have never been to that town.
I entered this school two years ago.
I don't know everybody in this school.
I am a student of this school.
I cannot account for this strange happening.
I'll buy this desk for him.
I will make use of this opportunity.
This machine is familiar to me.
I'm pleased with these shoes.
I don't like this type of house.
I want this contract translated word for word.
I never watch this scenery without thinking of my grand-father.
I will keep this experience in mind forever.
I agree to this plan.
I am against this project.
I intend to carry this project through to completion.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
I'm going to carry out this plan.
I agree with you on this issue.
I am not liked by this dog.
I'll take care of this dog.
I don't know what this word means.
I am very much attached to this old straw hat.
I think it dangerous to swim in the lake.
I wish to be buried in this country.
I am unfamiliar with the customs of this country.
I am very busy these days.
I want a box three times as large as this.
I want to know about this mountain.
I feel a great joy for this job.
I think that this work is tiring.
I want this work finished by five.
Must I finish this work?
I know the very person that will do this job.
I really have to do this work today.
I want this work done by next Thursday.
I don't know this system, but the man in charge will explain.
I believe it my duty to protect these children.
I'll give these puppies to whoever likes dogs.
I'll give these kittens to whoever likes cats.
I bore this trial.
I have nothing to do with this accident.
I am familiar with this subject.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
I risk to the test in this time.
I had to pay no less than 1,000 dollars for this watch.
I bought this watch at the store.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
I want to mend this watch.
I got this bicycle for nothing.
I bought this bicycle dirt-cheap.
I think this dictionary will be of great help to me.
I cannot dispense with this dictionary.
I think this dictionary useful for beginners.
I paid 1,500 yen for this dictionary.
I chose this dictionary of my own accord.
I want to buy this dictionary.
I found it easy to answer this question.
I put this question to him.
I know the photographer who took this picture.
The picture reminds me of my happy school days.
I never look at this picture without thinking of those happy days.
I bought this car at a bargain.
I'm a total stranger to things of this kind.
I can't make any sense of this letter.
I was aware of the trick in this magic.
I do not much care for this kind of drink.
I'm not particularly keen on this kind of music.
I've never seen this sort of bird.
I can't put up with this smell.
I am going to spend this weekend in Hawaii.
I have lived in this village for the past ten years.
I'll remember this incident for good.
I returned to my home this spring.
I can't put up with this hot weather.
I cannot stand this heat.
I cannot but feel anxious about the health of these women workers.
I grew up in this small town.
I gave the boy what little money I had.
I am as sad and lonely as can be.
I'm as tired as tired can be.
I got this information second hand, so I may be wrong.
I hope this treaty will contribute to peace in the world.
I've decided on this new car.
I have been working for this newspaper for 4 years.
I was on my own during these months.
I can't figure out this mathematics problem easily.
I was the happiest man on earth.
I don't believe that there is any evil person in this world.
I like this blue dress.
I can't accept this theory.
I'd like to swim in this river.
I've made the same mistakes as I made last time.
I was absent last Tuesday on account of illness.
I missed the last train last Friday.
I was unable to leave home last Saturday, with my mother being ill.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
I went to the park last Sunday.
I didn't go out last Sunday.
I intended to have called on her last Sunday.
I bought a pound of meat the other day.
I can't put up with this noise anymore.
It was not until I entered this university that I got acquainted with her.
I can't understand the meaning of this word.
I want to get a fix on local culture.
I paid 2,000 yen for this atlas.
I am familiar with the geography of this town.
I collected this proposal.
I don't agree with you on this point.
I can't agree with you in this respect.
I can't agree with your opinion in this respect.
I agree with you on this point.
I will not give an inch on this point.
I want to stress this point.
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.
I am forbidden to use this telephone.
I am still a stranger here.
I went skiing for the first time this winter.
I don't know what to do about this difficult problem.
I'm at my wit's end with this difficult problem.
I have to look after this cat.
I have many coins in this box.
I cannot lift this box.
I want to remember this beautiful poem.
I like the arrangement of the furniture in this room.
I think I prefer this room as it was, before we decorated it.
I want to let this room to a student.
I'll make the room comfortable.
I use the room with my sister.
I bought this dress at a low price.
I can't make out the meaning of this sentence.
I don't know this neighborhood too well.
I am familiar with this neighborhood.
I'm a stranger in these parts.
I paid twenty thousand yen for this hearing aid.
I don't like this hat.
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
I found this book very difficult.
I like this book best.
I found this book interesting from beginning to end.
I want to read this book.
I am interested in this book.
I paid 800 yen for this book.
Thanks to this book, I learned some interesting facts about this insect.
I have read both of these books, but neither of them is interesting.
I think this book is easy.
I can recommend this book to you.
I got this book for nothing.
I read this book again and again.
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore.
I found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore.
I have a high opinion of this book.
I have to return this book to the library today.
I bought this book yesterday.
It took me three years to write this book.
I have to take these books back to the library.
I have read this book before.
I cannot read this book without shedding tears.
I went to Tokyo to buy this book.
I have enough money to buy this book.
I saw the whole accident with my own eyes.
I can understand this problem to some extent.
I can solve this problem.
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.
I'm trying to work out this problem.
I am using this term in Emmet's sense to refer to the psychological rules of language use.
I am interested in this story.
I believe that the story is true.
I like bread more than rice.
I love comedies.
I've lost interest in golf.
I like playing golf.
I'm a big fan of golf.
I will join a golf club.
I beat him at golf.
I am crazy about golf.
I don't have a clue how to play golf.
I've never played golf.
I cannot tell how this is done.
I will study English hard from now on.
Personally, I liked this one.
I have been studying French four years now.
I have the same word-processor as this.
I hold this as self-evident.
I have never been spoken to by a foreigner before.
I have visited more than nine countries up until now.
I've enjoyed good health all my life.
I never heard of such a machine before.
This is the most interesting book I have ever read.
I've never seen that kind of tree before.
I have been to more than ten foreign countries so far.
I have been busy so far.
I have had several occasions for speaking English.
I've never seen a yellow submarine in my life.
I want a box in which to keep these toys.
I don't like all of these folk songs.
I don't like any of these records.
I move that these proposals be approved, and that action be taken as soon as possible.
I must know where these quotations originate.
I showed my friends these picture postcards.
I can remember these words exactly as he spoke them.
I know some of these boys.
I must help these people.
I took these statistics from a government white paper on education.
I made these boxes myself.
I can't make sense of these sentences.
I want some of these books.
I haven't read all of these books.
I am very interested in these stories.
I interpreted this as a protest.
I had intended to finish this yesterday, but I couldn't.
I had hoped to have finished this yesterday.
I bought this outright.
I need this.
I can't get along with that man any more.
I'm not going to take it any more.
I do not like to take on any more work.
I cannot put up with his carelessness any longer.
I found the broken camera.
I was browned to a nice tan.
I wanted to go to the concert.
I'm looking forward to going to the concert.
I bought two tickets for a concert.
I wondered what time the concert would begin.
I wear contact lenses.
I regret having done such a thing.
This is the most beautiful river I have ever seen.
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
I've never woken up this early.
I don't like being treated like this.
I can't drink coffee as sweet as this.
I count myself lucky to have such a devoted wife.
I never dreamed of there being such a quiet place in this noisy city.
I can't settle for this boring life.
Never have I read such a dull book.
Never have I seen such a beautiful rainbow.
I can't keep up with these changes in fashion.
I drew a circle with compasses.
I live close to a convenience store.
I'm computer-literate.
I can't do my job without a computer.
I don't know much about computers.
I am interested in computers.
I have a large body of information in my computer database.
I have a computer.
I have to get my computer repaired.
I found it easy to operate the computer.
I enjoyed watching the circus parade.
I'd like to go cycling.
I prefer walking to cycling.
I had my wallet stolen.
I was lucky enough to escape unhurt.
I am fond of soccer, rugby, football, and so on.
I'm good at soccer.
I like such sports as soccer and rugby.
I can play soccer.
I like to play soccer.
I love watching soccer games.
I plan to reply to his letter right away.
I bought a bottle of salad oil.
I don't want any sandwiches.
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born.
I know a little about Shakespeare.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
I found Jane delighted at the play.
I saw Jane go into her classroom with a smile.
I shook hands with Jane.
I told Jane how to get to our school.
I told Jane to calm herself.
I want a Chicago guide.
I followed the deer's tracks.
I'm finishing my homework.
I soon got acquainted with almost all about my new job.
I did so, not because I wanted to, but because I had to.
I started to make stew.
I can't get rid of a nasty cold.
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.
I often ski.
I have often been there.
I have often listened to the music.
I often go to London.
I often told you to do your duty, but you would not listen to me.
I often look back at my younger years.
I often meditate on the meaning of life.
I was often seized by despair.
I often played tennis with her.
I often assist my sister to do her homework.
More often than not I lay awake all night.
I'll have to make do with the old car for a while.
I waited for a time.
I excused myself for a minute.
I saw Jim and Mary taking a walk hand in hand in the park.
I told Jim to restrain himself from drinking too much.
Though I had never met Jim, I could pick him out right away.
I wrote a letter to Jim.
I bought the chocolate for Jim.
I cannot run as fast as Jim.
I have made up my mind to become a journalist.
I want some potatoes.
I like jazz music.
I went to the public hall to listen to the jazz concert.
I want to buy the same watch as Jack has.
I washed my shirt clean.
I substitute honey for jam.
I saw a jumbo jet take off.
I want to play tennis with Judy.
I called at Judy's house.
I called on Judy.
I saw Julie off at the airport.
I said it by way of a joke.
Never did I dream that George would cheat me.
I want to join Joe's group.
I am not particularly fond of Shaw's plays.
I had Mr Jones correct my composition.
I play Chopin.
I can play Chopin.
I required that John leave at once.
I want the same guitar as John has.
I know that John is honest.
I watched John and Mary walking hand in hand.
I am called John.
I bought John an album.
I can't trust John with my car.
I was surprised at John's death.
I prefer John's car to his employers one.
I sat next to John.
We chose John as captain.
I suggested that John be called.
I made John happy.
I persuaded John to be examined by the doctor.
I heard Jill play the piano.
I have a good mind to visit the Silk Road.
I like both Susan and Betty, but I think Susan is the nicer.
I like both Susan and Betty, but I think Susan is the nicer of the two.
I'm not about to marry Suzie.
I had my suitcase carried to my room.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
I often run into her at the supermarket.
I must have lost my purse in the supermarket.
I looked for him in the supermarket.
I've been to the supermarket.
I have been to the supermarket.
I like skiing.
I am fond of skiing.
I like skiing very much.
I'm good at skiing.
I was injured while I was skiing.
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.
I'm able to ski.
I prefer swimming to skiing.
I broke my leg while skiing.
I want to learn how to ski.
I broke my leg in two places during a skiing mishap.
I lost no time in visiting my aunt in the hospital yesterday.
I must set about that work without delay.
I will soon come up with you.
I took to the stranger at once.
I cannot remember the date offhand.
I could not make up my mind out of hand.
I am looking forward to seeing you again soon.
Will I get well soon?
I must send for the doctor at once.
I soon learned how to swim.
I must go to the station at once.
I started a fire right away.
I'll come back soon.
I will soon catch up with you.
I went at once; otherwise I should have missed him.
I suggested that we should start at once.
I travelled to Tokyo right away; it was past noon when I saw my uncle.
I quickly adapted myself to my new school.
I don't like people who get angry easily.
I saw at once that he was ill at ease.
I recognized him at once.
I took to her at once.
I left at once, otherwise I would have missed the parade.
I went skating on the lake.
I am not in the least surprised.
I was not a bit tired.
I would like to eat sushi.
I didn't watch Star Wars episode 1.
I've got wet inside out.
I'm not quite well.
I am completely out of breath.
I have completely got over the disease.
I visited Paris long ago.
I visited Canada long ago.
I visited Kyoto long ago.
I parted from her long ago.
I ran all the way, otherwise I could not have caught the train.
As I have walked all the day, I am very tired.
I have been busy.
I have always wanted to see a dragon, but dragons are not real creatures.
I like steak better than anything else, and eat it every other day.
I was satisfied with the steak dinner.
I like my steak cooked medium well.
I like my steak cooked medium rare.
I don't like such things as steaks and hamburgers.
I am already what you call elderly.
I have already finished the job.
I am already prepared.
I have already done my work.
I have already finished my homework.
I am writing a draft of the speech.
I was fined thirty dollars for speeding.
I got wet to the skin.
I slipped and twisted my ankle.
I like May the best of all the months.
I could answer all the questions.
I couldn't answer all the questions.
I feel a great love for all of humanity.
I love him most deeply of all men.
I like dogs best of all animals.
I am very poor at sports.
I don't care for sports.
I am not good at sports.
I am interested in sports.
I like tennis best of all sports.
I don't go in for sports.
I like music better than sports.
I like to play sport for fun not for competition.
I want to be a sport reporter.
I ironed out the wrinkles in my pants.
I bought two pairs of trousers.
I put on my trousers.
I met a certain Mr Smith.
I asked for Mr Smith.
I have known Miss Smith for nine years.
I am acquainted with Mr Smith.
My pocket was picked.
I have many things to do.
I sat watching a baseball game on TV.
I sat watching an exciting game on television.
I almost didn't meet her.
I didn't have more than 1,000 yen.
I can only pay 100 dollars at most.
I was robbed not more than 1000 yen.
I fell asleep with a sweater on.
I was mistaken for a salesman.
I do want to go with you.
I do want to do the sights of Kyoto.
I read the play aloud so that I could memorize all the lines.
I do not care for such a novel.
I got thinking about it over the weekend, when I was raking the last of the leaves out from under the bushes.
I am ashamed of having done so.
I felt it my duty to do so.
I think it's absurd to do so.
I know nothing to the contrary.
I said that to myself.
I cannot help deciding so.
I said so.
I regret having said so.
I cannot help thinking so.
I think so.
I do not think so.
I was surprised to see an old friend of mine there.
I've been working there for three months.
I have made several pen pals there.
I saw a strange woman there.
I'm going to stay there for a couple of days.
I stayed there for three days.
I'm glad I was there.
I wanted to stay there two days longer.
I don't know whether I can go there or not.
I've got a pass for the swimming pool.
I've been there once.
I asked my mother what to bring there.
I was made to go there.
I must go there.
I didn't go there because I wanted to.
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.
I'm still hesitating whether to go there or not.
I regret going there.
The shop was closed when I went there.
I was chilled with fear.
I have been the busiest of the three boys.
I know none of the three men.
I like Ted best of the three boys.
I watched the old woman cross the street.
I've deposited the money in the bank.
I had all the money stolen and was in trouble.
I confessed to stealing the money.
I would like to see the festival.
I am bound to attend the meeting.
I had to pay ten dollars for the cassette in addition.
I felt for the poor dog.
I have nothing to open the can with.
I can't decide whether to join that club.
I don't belong to the club.
I want to enter the club.
I am acquainted with the chairman of that club.
I gained admission to the club.
I had nothing to do with the group.
I like neither of the cakes.
I found the game very exciting.
I don't like the coffee.
I feel guilty about it.
I was deeply moved by that.
I talked with him about it over the telephone.
I am feeling sad about it.
I am not concerned with the matter.
I couldn't get rid of my doubt about it.
I feel at ease about it.
I am in no position to do anything about it.
I have heard of it before.
I was asked for my personal opinion about the matter.
I spoke to him about it over the telephone.
I discussed the matter with her.
I heard about it at first hand from my neighbor.
The proverb's message struck me to the core.
I know it very well.
I was scared at the mere thought of it.
I am not in the least worried about it.
I was entirely ignorant of the matter.
I didn't know that.
I ought to have consulted my parents on the matter.
I marveled at the golfer's skill.
I took part in the contest.
I call the computer Tim.
I use the computer.
I persuaded the policeman not to shoot the monkey.
I am acquainted with the custom.
I have nothing to do with the scandal.
I disposed of all the books.
I was taken in by the salesman.
I like the red ones on the shelf.
Am I included in the team?
I have three tickets for it.
I pushed the table out of the way.
I was able to pass the test.
I will be able to pass the test.
I'm in the tennis club.
It happened that I was not in London at that time.
It happened that I was out then.
I was swimming in the pool at that time.
I was walking to the station then.
I was just leaving home then.
I was all but dead at that time.
I had a mental blow at that time.
I went through so unpleasant an experience at that time.
I want to buy the dress.
I had enough money to buy that dress.
I was taken aback by the news.
I was very much surprised at the news.
I am much surprised at the news.
I got the news from a reliable source.
I heard the news by chance.
I am happy to hear the news.
I was happy to hear the news.
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news.
I felt much relieved to hear the news.
I was very surprised to hear the news.
I could hardly wait to hear the news.
I met lots of famous people at that party.
I was invited to the party.
I met a Smith at the party.
I made friends with many Americans at the party.
I hoped to have joined the party.
I'll be present at the party with pleasure.
I took part in the party.
I wanted to take part in the party but I couldn't.
I will not attend the party.
I was unable to attend the party, nor did I want to.
I didn't enjoy every minute of the party.
I filled the bucket with water.
I made haste for fear that I should miss the bus.
I was waiting for the bus at that time.
I found the banana on a steep mountain road.
I admire the pianist for her great skill.
I don't know either twin.
I was very surprised at the huge fish.
I couldn't figure out how to do it.
I showed them how to do it.
I did not yield to such a rule.
I was ashamed of having said so.
I feel nothing but contempt for such behavior.
I have no liking for such birds.
I can not stand that kind of silly music.
I had never seen such a beautiful girl before.
I cannot bear such an insult.
I am training hard so that I may win the race.
It cost me 3,000 yen to buy the record.
I got the roller skates for nothing.
I passed over the dark street.
I approve the suggestion.
I'm dead set against the plan.
I am in favor of the option.
I brought a suit against the doctor.
I have great belief in the doctor.
I don't know the origin of the rumor.
I saw the movie five times.
I have seen that film long ago.
I saw the movie on video.
I have seen the film before.
I want to see the movie.
I haven't seen the movie, nor do I want to.
I missed seeing the film.
I intended to have seen the film by now, but I couldn't manage it.
I have a high opinion of the film director.
I took part in the English speech contest.
I was greatly impressed by the speech.
I wanted the musician to play some sad tune on his flute.
The sound took me by surprise.
I could not sleep because of the noise.
I felt my face turn pale when I heard that sound.
I was moved by the music.
I favored the hypothesis.
I hurried to the house only to find it empty.
I saw the house struck by lightning.
I will go and take a look at the house.
I got out of that house.
I have no idea of letting the house.
I received the hospitality of the family.
I heard the song sung in Italian.
I heard the song sung in French.
I failed to recall the song's title.
I cannot recall the words of the song.
I want to sing the song.
I like the singer's voice, too.
I had the artist paint my portrait.
I am willing to attend the meeting.
I'm going to attend the meeting.
I suggested that the meeting be put off.
I didn't attend the meeting, and he didn't either.
I could not attend the meeting.
I got a temporary job at the firm.
I'm on loan to the firm.
I applied for a position in the office.
I've come to like the picture more than ever.
I sold the picture for 20,000 yen.
I can't understand anything the foreigner says.
I stayed at a hotel on a hill in that town.
I don't know all of the students.
I cannot stand the cold.
I was here all the time.
I was cleaning my room for that time.
I was not aware of the trick.
I will make an application to that firm for employment.
I was aware of the danger.
I was fully alive to the danger.
I found that the machine was of no use.
I found it difficult to use the machine.
I cut the article out of the magazine.
I had the article accepted by a travel magazine.
I took sides with them in the argument.
I took part in the athletic meeting.
I have to make the best of that small room.
I agree with the ban in principle, but in practice it will be extremely difficult.
I was able to study abroad by virtue of the money.
I left the money at his disposal.
I paid double the sum.
I've worn out the shoes.
I was thinking about the plan.
I'm not concerned with the plan.
I can't approve the project. It leaves much to be desired.
I had a contrary opinion to the plan.
I am quite opposed to the plan.
I felt that the plan was unwise.
It was quite easy for me to carry the plan out.
I made every effort to realize the plan but after all it turned out to be in vain.
I would like to carry out the plan.
I put the plan into practice.
I couldn't help laughing at the plan.
I am quite ignorant of the plan.
I was compelled to cancel the plan.
I watched the play from beginning to end.
I feel nervous about the result.
I am not in the least concerned about the result.
I was amazed at the results.
I was disappointed at the results.
I will answer for the result.
I am not satisfied with the result at all.
I am anxious about the result.
I can't help opposing the marriage.
I have nothing to do with the case.
I have no connection the matter.
I have a lot to think about in relation to the affair.
I spoke with him about the matter.
I was involved in the quarrel.
I tried to put an end to the quarrel.
I gave the dog two pieces of meat.
I trained the dog to do tricks.
I looked for the key.
I did not study both of the languages.
I cannot let the remark pass by in silence.
I paid double the price for the secondhand book.
I had been writing letters all that morning.
I went out for a walk with a book in my hand after that.
I have not seen him ever since.
I was ill for weeks after.
I don't know how to spell the word.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
I got injured in the traffic accident.
I wondered at the sight.
Well do I remember the scene.
I estimate that the work will cost more than $10,000.
I think that I want to apply for the job in the advertisement.
I dismissed the protest.
I was much amused at the idea.
I couldn't take in the lecture at all.
That lecture really stimulated me.
I concentrated my attention on the lecture.
I ought to have attended the lecture but I didn't.
I ought to have attended the lecture.
I felt out of place in the expensive restaurant.
I managed to overcome the difficulty.
I am familiar with the author's name.
I reached into the pile and felt soft fabric.
I can see the top of the mountain.
I found the work very interesting.
Not that I dislike the job, but that I am unfit for it.
I got tired with the work.
I had nothing to do with that incident.
I had some trouble with the work.
I am new to the work.
This work is new to me.
I felt inadequate to the task.
I am tired of the work.
I'm very glad that I've been singled out as being a suitable person for the job.
I thought it difficult to do the work alone.
I found it impossible to do the work in one day.
I don't know how to set about the work.
I will go through that trouble again.
I had the satisfaction of finishing the work.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
I want to excuse myself from the work.
I must excuse myself from the task, because I am unequal to it.
I was unable to complete the task.
I intended to have finished the work.
I think it necessary to finish the work by noon.
I did the job to the best of my ability.
I want the work done quickly.
I don't have the power to finish the work alone.
I've done the job two months in advance.
I do not know how to use it.
I cannot help wondering about the child.
I was annoyed with the boy for being lazy.
I tried to soothe the child.
I had to look after the children.
I wrote my name on the paper.
I joined the study tour.
I know a poet whose poems are widely read.
I cannot make anything of the poem's meaning.
I know the poem by heart.
I was asked to umpire the game.
I have two passes to the game.
I saw the match on television.
I found a lost cat for which its owner had been searching.
I have a guilty conscience about that.
I could not get rid of my doubt about it.
I have a concern in the business.
I have given up on that case.
I explained the matter to him.
I am not concerned with the affair.
I have nothing to do with that case.
I don't know everything about the event.
I looked into the incident.
I remember the day when the accident happened.
I got my leg hurt in the accident.
I got my right leg hurt in the accident.
I have nothing to do with the accident, and I know nothing.
I had nothing to do with the accident.
I took the fact for granted.
I merely came to inform you of the fact.
I haven't known the fact up to now.
I know the facts well enough.
I was quite ignorant of the fact.
I was aware of that fact.
I am aware of the fact.
The fact has come home to my bosom.
I want to have a talk with him about the matter.
I was going to speak to his father about that matter, but thought better of it.
I was watching TV then.
It happened that I was in Paris then.
I'll tell him so then.
I was about to leave the house then.
I had never seen that kind of fish until then.
I had never seen a beautiful building before.
I had never seen her before that time.
I had met her many times before then.
I have not seen him since then.
I was doing my homework then.
I was not studying then.
I was reading a book then.
I was eating dinner then.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
I tried to answer the question, which I found impossible.
I was able to answer the question.
I refuse to answer the question.
I thought the questions were easy.
On the whole I am satisfied with the experiment.
The picture reminded me of Scotland.
I looked at the picture.
I got acquainted with the chief executive.
It is not that I don't like the car, but that I can't afford to buy it.
I saw the car hit a man.
The car overtook me.
I was overtaken by the car.
I was amazed at the speed of the car.
I can't pay for the car.
I bought the car at a 10% discount.
I spent three hours repairing the car.
I have a good opinion of the young candidate.
I like that young man.
I got the young man to carry the baggage for me.
I learned the truth from the letter.
I put off answering the letter for a week.
I asked her to make four copies of the letter.
I had received the letter three days before.
I read the letter again and again.
It took me three hours to write the letter.
I remember the letter.
I'm done with that lesson.
I don't like to take on the heavy responsibilities.
I carried the heavy bag on my back.
I could not attend the ceremony.
It will take me more than three hours to look over the document.
I think of the woman as a journalist.
I thought of the woman as a journalist.
I didn't know that woman at all.
I spoke to the actress herself.
I canceled my order for the commodities.
With being in the trade, I am able to get goods at a discount.
I'm going to apply for the scholarship.
I read through the novel.
I was encouraged by his words.
I saw the girl swimming in the river.
I bought the girl a sweater.
I know both of the girls.
I can't help feeling sorry for the girl.
I will employ the girl, because she can speak French.
I know the girl.
I don't know what has become of the boy.
I have no objection to the boy reading a book.
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French.
I felt sorry for the boy.
I know the boy.
I missed the point of the joke.
I could not but laugh at the joke.
I came in view of the castle.
I paid his wages on the spot.
I had to speak at a moment's notice.
I was immersed in the happy atmosphere of the occasion.
I got the information at first hand.
I passed the information on to him.
I am already acquainted with that situation.
I persuaded him to resign the post.
I found the workman very good.
I didn't need to pay for the food.
I know the gentleman.
I showed him my deepest regret.
I have warm feelings for that doll.
I went into the library; where I happened to meet Ann.
I puzzled over the difficult math problem.
I am of the opinion that the tax should be abolished.
I found the river dirty.
I was able to swim across the river.
I can swim across the river.
I went to see the river, which I found greatly swollen.
I had lost a camera in the previous day.
I met him on the previous day.
I recalled a newspaper story about those twins.
I must open the window.
I can open the window.
I can't put up with the noise any longer.
I must make up for the loss.
I reconciled myself to the loss.
I can't think of any other plan.
I remember the word.
I am remembering the word.
I felt like reading the detective story.
I caught the man stealing the money.
I saw the man jump.
I saw the man knocked down by a car.
I saw the man enter the room.
I have no wish to see the man again.
I met the man, who showed me the way.
I have no recollection of seeing the man.
I remember the man's face but I can't call his name to mind.
I hit the man on the belly.
I stared at the man.
I regarded the man as an enemy.
I was dismayed at the news.
I am glad to hear the news.
I was glad at the news.
I was surprised to hear the news.
I was floored by the news.
I was greatly disappointed at hearing the news.
Hardly had I heard the news when I felt like crying.
Although I trusted the map, it was mistaken.
I couldn't think of the name of the place.
I was deeply impressed with the medieval music.
I am acquainted with the author.
I got up at five that morning.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
I know some most respectable people in the town.
I know every inch of the town.
I threw a stone at the bird.
I wanted to catch the bird, but I found it too difficult.
I accept the statement as true.
I could hardly endure the pain.
I met Mr Smith on the street by accident.
I walked here and there on the street.
I was in a taxi driving east along the street.
I am in favor of the proposition.
I took shelter from rain under the shop's eaves.
I got a new hat at the shop.
I bought a hat at the store.
I asked many persons about the store, but no one had heard of it.
I agreed with him on that point.
I compromised with her on the point.
I stressed the point.
I carried the message to him.
I'm not moving out of range of that telephone.
I made a note of the telephone number.
I want to dispose of the land.
I spent Saturday afternoon watching entirely too much TV.
I usually got up at five in those days.
I was only a seven-year-old girl at that time.
I participated in the discussion.
I know the name of this animal.
I advised the shy young man to declare his love for the beautiful girl.
I have been busier than the two boys.
I do remember the day very well.
I tried to call on my memories of that day.
I had never seen him so completely bewildered as he was on that day.
I named the kitten Tama.
I bet five pounds on the horse.
I like the actor.
I was advised to visit the museum.
I found it impossible to lift the box.
I do not make much of that discovery.
I measured the board in inches.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I have nothing to do with the crime.
I felt disturbed at the sad news.
I was much affected by the sad news.
I dare not tell her the sad news.
I was shocked at the sad news.
I could not help crying at the sad news.
I got the secret out of Mr Yoshida.
I hurried to the airport so as not to be late for the plane.
I couldn't make out the writing.
I feel sympathy for people with that disease.
I purchased the goods for half price.
I made the woman angry.
I cannot abide the insult.
I caught sight of him as I entered the room.
I found a piece of paper in the room.
I am not in the least interested in the story.
I was deeply touched by the story.
I found the story interesting.
I doubt the authenticity of the document.
I liked the book so much I ordered ten copies for friends.
I know the book is very difficult for us.
I found the book boring.
I want to read the book.
I paid two thousand yen for the book.
I paid 3 dollars for the book.
I skipped the first few pages of the book.
I bought the book for ten dollars.
I want to buy a copy of the book, but it is out of print.
I read the thirty pages of this book.
I ordered the book from Britain.
I read the book from cover to cover.
I found it difficult to read the book.
I read the book over and over again.
I keep the book at hand.
I stretched out my hand for the book.
I read the book from beginning to end.
I succeeded in getting the book.
I telephoned my order for the book.
I finished reading the book.
I have just finished reading the book.
I should read the book.
I have not read the book nor do I want to.
I had two copies of the book.
I have no money to buy the book with.
I bought the book which was very cheap.
Scarcely had I bought the book when I was sorry.
I must give back the book to him by tomorrow.
I must get through with reading the book by tomorrow.
I found the question very easy.
I do not understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I don't understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I can't work out the problem.
I tackled him on the problem.
I discussed the problem with my friends.
I reflected on the problem.
I have almost no information about the problem.
I don't see eye to eye with him on that matter.
I remember having a hot discussion about the matter with him.
I consulted him relative to the subject.
I argued with them about the matter.
I refuse to discuss the question.
I had nothing to do with the matter.
I am well acquainted with the subject.
I don't want to be involved in that matter.
I can't agree with you as regards that matter.
I am unconcerned with the problem.
I was able to answer the question correctly.
I concentrated all my energies on the problem.
I'm facing that problem, myself.
I'm in agreement on that matter.
I will come up with a solution to the problem.
I hadn't realized the magnitude of the problems.
I may not be able to cope with those problems.
I tried solving the problem.
I was able to solve the problem.
I found out how to solve the problem.
I attempted to solve the problem.
I tried to solve the problem, but I couldn't.
I tried to solve the problem, which I found impossible.
I'll keep the matter in mind.
I am thinking about that matter.
I can solve the problem by myself.
I have to solve the problem myself.
I gave careful consideration to the problem.
I discussed the matter with him.
I am going to visit the famous zoo.
I can tell you the reason at full length.
I tried in vain to explain the reason.
I want to know the reason.
I like both of them very much.
I got off the train.
I got up early so as to be in time for the train.
I took a taxi so as to catch the train.
I could not make the train.
I hurried to the station so that I wouldn't miss the train.
I saw the old gentleman cross the street and enter a store on the corner.
I cannot but feel sorry for the old man.
I saw the old man two or three times a week.
I consented to help the old lady.
I stepped aside for the old lady to pass.
I have read that story in some book.
That story brought to mind an old friend of mine.
I was much moved to tears at the story.
I know the whole of the story.
I could recite the story by heart.
I believe that story.
That story made me think over the future of Tokyo.
I was amused at the story.
I don't know about the USSR at all.
I can do it.
I was uncertain of my ability to do it.
I consider that a good opinion.
I thought it was a good book, but Jim thought otherwise.
I lifted my son so that he could see it.
I proved it to be true.
I don't know if it is true.
I think it true.
I made believe it was true.
I asked each boy three questions.
It's all right with him.
That sounds good to me.
That's just fine with me.
I have nothing to do with it.
I am not certain about that.
I know little or nothing about it.
I know nothing whatever about it.
I think I had better not say anything about it.
I have much to say about it.
I am fed up with it.
I am not concerned with it.
I was charmed with it, adopted it, dropped my abrupt contradiction and positive argumentation, and put on the humble inquirer and doubter.
I persuaded him to take part in it.
I am responsible for it, but my friends are not.
I'd better not eat that.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I had not gone so far before I felt sick.
I had never received such an abusive letter before.
I can't explain the difference between those two.
I could reply to all of them.
I didn't realize the difference between them.
I helped carry those bags.
I ordered those books from Germany.
I bought it for ten dollars.
I am going to tell you that.
I regretted having done it.
I am going to do it.
I completely forgot it.
I may as well die as do it.
I would rather die than do it.
I have made a promise to do it.
I got it for nothing.
I could not have done it.
I bought it at a department store.
I'm very bitter about that.
I'll get through it.
I will give it a try.
I have plenty of time to do that.
I can sing it in English.
I am thinking of getting it translated into English.
I should have completed it before summer.
I was all the more disappointed because of my expectations.
I meant it to be used as a textbook.
I should have reported it to the police, but I didn't.
I unwillingly undertook it.
I've seen it.
I'll write it on the blackboard.
I saw her for the last time.
I will do my best to finish it.
I use it.
It comes to my remembrance.
Never did I think of it.
I will do it myself.
I want to see it for myself.
I had to judge it for myself.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I will look it up in the dictionary.
I don't want to risk losing it.
I had to pay a large sum of money to get it back.
I tried to get it, but to no purpose.
I tried to get it, but in vain.
I must get it fixed.
I know it well enough.
I gave it to the little boy.
I could not bring myself to eat it.
I am not so simple as to believe that.
I read about it in the newspaper.
I acknowledge it to be true.
I have several dozens of them.
I don't know that.
I studied it thoroughly.
I will make every effort to get it.
I have read it to my great profit.
I'm not having any of that.
I have money enough to buy it.
I haven't got enough money to buy it.
I bought it.
I didn't mean to keep it secret.
I took it in a literal sense.
I felt all the more sad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I am supremely glad to hear it.
I'm very sorry to hear it.
I felt better to hear that.
I'm so glad to hear that.
I forgot it.
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.
I bought it for about twelve dollars.
I can't make head nor tail of it.
I can testify to that.
I don't claim to be anything else.
I have been taking care of him ever since.
I have never heard of him since then.
I know better than to be believe such a rumor.
I am not in the least interested in such a thing.
I'm not in the least interested in such things.
I don't think it worthwhile doing such a thing.
I know better than to do such a thing.
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.
I'm not in so great hurry.
I'm not able to speak so fast.
I cannot read the book in so short a time.
I want to oppose such a foolish plan.
I decided not to do such a foolish thing.
I'm not in favor of such a plan.
I dare not go to such a dangerous place.
I don't want to run such a risk.
I'm not in the least afraid of it.
I doubt if it will.
I had a slight scruple about doing that kind of thing.
I'm not used to being talked to in such a rude manner.
I don't like to take on such heavy responsibilities.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
I can't abide such a person.
I cannot do it in such a brief time.
I am not used to being spoken to in that rude way.
I would rather die than do such an unfair thing.
I don't believe such a story.
I'm afraid I'm not much of a cook.
I usually go to bed before ten.
I usually got to bed about eleven.
I usually go home at four.
As a rule I get up at six o'clock, but yesterday morning I got up at eight.
I come home from work about seven every day.
I usually do my shopping at this supermarket.
I didn't know that most birds can't see at night.
I usually walk to school.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I mostly have fruit for breakfast.
I generally walk to school.
I usually take a bath after dinner.
I get a kick from diving.
I got very sleepy.
I can swim very fast.
Becoming very tired, I stopped to rest.
I found the track of the tire.
I have a lot of cameras.
I have a lot of things to do.
I wanted to get a lot of money.
I have a lot of pencils.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
I am getting fat because I eat a lot of sweets.
I have to do a lot of things.
I will bring back a lot of food.
I have many books.
I have a lot of pictures.
I got out of the taxi.
I went to the hotel by cab.
I went to Kawagoe by taxi.
I left my umbrella behind in the taxi.
I was waiting for a taxi.
I did speak, but no one listened to me.
I said so only by guess.
I have but one wish.
I work simply because I like to work.
I got the ticket free of charge.
I am just a nobody.
I only took a bite of bread.
I just followed convention.
I prefer working hard to just sitting idle.
I was just making sure.
This story says a lot about what has happened to America.
I said so purely in jest.
I can but wait.
I just echoed his opinion.
I am suffering from a bad cold.
I had no more than 1,000 yen.
I have no more than ten English textbooks.
I spent no more than three dollars.
I have no more than three thousand yen.
I had no more than five dollars.
I saw a fox run across the road just now.
I've only just come back.
I have just been to the airport to see him off.
I have just cleaned my room.
I stood waiting for a bus.
I completely walked ten miles.
I can't smoke.
I can't do without tobacco.
I am determined to give up smoking.
I smoke cigarettes.
I stopped to smoke.
I stopped smoking.
I conceived of the plan while I was smoking.
I was persuaded to stop smoking.
I was made to go for some cigarettes.
I often get a letter from him.
I often call on him.
I studied for perhaps two hours.
Chances are that I will be late for work.
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived.
I accused him of cheating.
It happened that I saw her on the bus.
It happened that I saw my teacher at the station.
It so happened that I rode in the same train with him.
I happened to know her name.
I chanced on a beautiful girl.
I study very little.
I can eat anything but onions.
I tried writing a novel.
Without hesitation, I granted his request.
I felt somebody patting on my shoulder from behind.
I became aware of someone looking at me.
Who do you think I am?
I never get sick of dancing.
I am beginning to remember it.
Luck gradually smiled on me.
I became less and less interested in mathematics.
I put Milton after Dante.
I saw a little boy running.
I like cheese, much more cheesecake.
I bought some cheese and a little milk.
I like butter better than cheese.
I was chosen as a member of the team.
I beat him at chess.
I'm checking out.
I have an interest in cello and piano.
I tried to make the most of my chances.
I want to have a proper house and garden.
I played against the champion.
I reached the hilltop exactly at five.
I was just going to leave home.
I was on the point of leaving home when a light rain started to fall.
I have just finished one third of my assignment.
I met him just as he was coming out of school.
I only happened to pass here just now.
I have just now finished doing my English homework.
You'll learn in time that a stitch in time saves nine.
I have just washed all the dishes.
I am just going for a walk.
I just finished the work.
I have just finished my work.
I have just washed the car.
I have finished my homework.
I was just going out, when it began to rain.
I have just eaten lunch.
I've just finished breakfast.
I have just been to the post office.
I was on time for dinner.
I like chocolate.
I like chocolate candy very much.
He ate a box of chocolates.
I was absent-minded momentarily.
I have some chores to do.
I put in an appearance.
I am a trifle sad.
I saw him just now.
Luck is against me.
At last, I found out the answer to the question.
Finally I finished my task.
I have finally won his heart.
I am sick at heart.
I am very tired from the hard work.
I had to stand a trying situation.
I have a book about fishing.
I like disco music.
I know how to cook dinner.
I like to serve unusual foods at my dinner parties.
I proved the fact on the strength of the data.
I hid under the table.
I want some beautiful flowers to put on the table.
I buy a tape.
I changed my mind about going out and stayed home.
I worked as hard as possible.
I have done all that I can.
I'll come as often as possible.
I walked as slowly as I could.
I will try as hard as I can.
I will write letters to you as often as I can.
I'll talk to him at the earliest possible moment.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
I will come home as soon as possible.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the bus.
I looked in as many dictionaries as I could.
I avoid traveling by air, if I can help it.
I'll help you as far as I can.
I gave up eating dessert.
I made some mistakes in the test.
I'll do my best on the test.
I was disappointed to hear the test results.
I'll drive to Detroit.
I can play tennis.
I am poor at tennis.
I like tennis.
I'm good at tennis.
I'm a member of the tennis club.
I was partnered with him in tennis.
I partnered her in tennis.
I have tennis practice.
I am a tennis player.
I can cook better than I can play tennis.
I know the girl playing tennis.
I went to the park to play tennis.
I played tennis.
I play tennis.
I go in for tennis while my sister goes in for swimming.
I always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis.
I am going to play tennis.
I can't afford to play tennis.
I am a member of the tennis club.
I made up my mind to join a tennis club.
I ordered my overcoat from a department store.
I met Jane in the department store by chance.
I helped the boy who got lost in the department store.
I fished in the Thames River.
I like to watch TV.
I don't think television will take the place of books.
I play video games.
I saw the boxing match on television.
I watched a tennis match on TV.
I watched the basketball game on TV.
I watched a baseball game on television.
I can't dispense with watching television.
I like news programs on TV.
I'd like to watch TV.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
I study after I watch television.
I was tired from watching TV.
I do not watch television.
I was tired of watching TV.
I look on watching TV as a waste of time.
I like watching TV.
I'm tired of watching television.
I think of watching TV as a waste of time.
I prefer reading books to watching television.
I don't have any time to watch TV.
I'm tired of watching TV.
I watch television twice a week.
I turned off the TV and settled down to put the finishing touches to the report.
I watch television every day.
I'm a TV addict.
I was given a scare by a doctor I interviewed for the TV program who warned me not to rest easy just because I had no allergic symptoms at the moment.
I had my fingers caught in the door.
I ran toward the door.
I presented my ticket at the door.
I tried to break the door open, which I found impossible.
I opened the door slowly.
I held the door open.
As for me, I have no objection.
I can't make myself understood in German.
I learned French instead of German.
I can read German, but I can't speak it.
I am interested in studying German culture.
I was at a loss as to how I could lay my hands on the money.
As for me, I have nothing to complain of.
I was at a loss what to do.
I didn't know what to do.
I'm at my wit's end.
I'm at my wit's end. I can't think of any solution to this problem.
I could not solve this problem by any means.
I cannot get rid of my cough.
I can't do it after all.
I really want a motorcycle.
I wish to be a singer come what may.
For the life of me I can't understand what you say.
I am very afraid to go.
I will carry out my aim at any expense.
I felt constrained to help her.
I cannot possibly come.
I don't see why I have to go to your house at midnight.
I'm not sure why they were forced to close the restaurant.
I'm easy.
At last, I finished this homework.
I finally gave up smoking.
I finally persuaded him to buy it.
I persuaded her after all and went to camp.
I don't care what will become of me.
I could manage to earn my living.
I am well able to manage on my own.
I manage to support my family.
I managed to catch the last train.
It was only with great difficulty that I managed to stop myself from laughing.
I feel below par.
I can't bring myself to help him.
I don't know how to swim.
I ate a modest breakfast of toast, coffee, and one egg.
I like to spread my toast thinly with jam.
I sometimes put a little salt in it.
I get depressed at times.
I sometimes wonder how those foreigners can make ends meet.
I am absent from school on occasion.
I make it a rule to go to a spa at intervals for a change.
At times I feel like quitting my job.
I sometimes look back on my childhood.
I see him in the library now and then.
I sometimes lie on the grass.
I visited him once in a while.
I get a call from her once in a while.
I feel sad every now and then.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the bathroom.
I sometimes write to my mother.
I remember one poem in particular.
I may have seen that girl somewhere.
I remember seeing him somewhere.
I may have met her somewhere.
I don't know where to wait for her.
I do not know where to wait for her.
Where am I?
I wonder where I put my glasses.
I never go anywhere.
I don't want to go any place.
Wherever I may go, I will get lost.
I'll follow you wherever you go.
I don't know where to go or what to do.
I didn't know where to go, or what to do.
I asked where to go.
Either way's fine with me.
It's all the same to me.
I answered neither of the letters.
I don't know either girl.
I guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club I join.
I have seen neither of his works.
I don't like either hat.
I like both.
I don't know which to choose.
I can't decide which to choose.
I want to see him very much.
I want some coffee badly.
I'm very thirsty.
I can't drink any more.
I'm such a coward that I rarely visit the dentist.
I am feeling wonderfully refreshed.
I was in such a hurry that I forgot to lock the door.
I was in such a hurry that I left my bag behind.
I feel so lonely that I want someone to talk with.
I was very thirsty and I wanted to drink something cold.
I'm very happy.
I felt very happy.
I had a very high fever.
I am having a very hard time.
I can't afford to buy a car.
I'm lonely.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
I am very tall.
I want to see her very much.
I got very tired, but I felt good.
I fell sound asleep because I was very tired.
I am so tired that I can't study.
I am so tired that I can't walk another step.
I am so busy that I can't help you.
I am so busy that I have no time to spare.
I'm too busy to help her.
Life is very dear to me.
I found Tony.
I liked Tony.
I'd like to talk with Tony.
I went to Tokyo to see Tony.
I asked Tony a question.
I helped Tony.
I don't belong to any club.
I don't know how to buy a ticket.
I am never free on Sundays.
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.
I don't know when Tom will leave Japan.
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.
I saw Tom play tennis.
I know the reason why Tom was angry with them.
I sat between Tom and John.
I lent Tom and Paula my camera.
I am talking with Tom.
I asked Tom to close the door.
I asked Tom to play the guitar.
I asked Tom to open the window.
I wrote to Tom, and my sister also wrote to him.
I called Tom up.
I asked Tom about his new book.
I will have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
I think that Tom is kind.
I thought that Tom was kind.
I can't play tennis as well as Tom.
I regarded Tom as a friend.
I want a Toyota.
I was involved in the trouble.
Cards are not in my line.
I'd like to visit America most of all.
I like carrots least of all.
Above all, I take care of my health.
I would not part with that picture for all the world.
I make up my mind to do the work however hard it might be.
I will accomplish my purpose at any cost.
I will carry out this plan at any price.
I'm sure I can overcome any difficulty.
I like flowers of every description.
I'm opposed to any type of war.
I advised him on what books to read.
I sharpened a pencil with a knife.
I cut myself with a knife.
I cut my finger with a knife.
I can't speak English as fluently as Naomi.
I don't believe Naomi. I think she's lying.
I like the style of Picasso, among others.
I finally managed to find my lost wallet.
What little money I had was stolen.
I want to eat something good.
I was in entire ignorance of what had happened.
I have something or other to tell him.
I want to have this dictionary most of all.
I asked Nancy to stay at home.
I know some friends of Nancy's.
I do everything for myself.
How lucky I am!
How silly of me!
I managed to get over the habit of finding fault with others.
I managed to finish preparing for tomorrow's lesson.
I wouldn't touch that stock with a ten-foot pole.
Somehow or other I found his house.
Nothing is the matter with me.
What a fool I was!
How stupid of me!
I was most grateful to Nick for his kindness.
I turned on the radio to listen to the news.
I visited cities such as New York, Chicago and Boston.
I worked with Mr Spencer for a year in New York.
I lost my way in New York.
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.
I'd like to live in New York.
I am staying at a hotel in New York.
I know every inch of New York.
When I flew to New York, I was told to check in two hours before my flight.
I would like to visit New York.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I am a cat person.
I've lost or broken all my necklaces.
I will be reminded of tyranny and cruelty, if Nero is said.
I need pens, notebooks and so on.
I want a notebook.
He wrote it down in his notebook.
I mistook a notebook for a textbook.
As I opened the door without knocking, she lost her temper.
I stuck two sheets of paper together with paste.
I cleaned up after the party.
I ran across some old friends at the party.
I had a good time at the party.
I hoped to have met him at the party.
I saw her at the party.
I bought a pendant to wear to the party.
I promised to go to the party with Jane, and I can't let her down.
I was prevailed upon to go to the party.
I very much like going to parties and meeting people.
I was at the party.
I'm not going to go to the party.
I put on my favorite dress for the party.
I got acquainted with my wife at a party.
I introduced two of my friends at the party.
I am absorbed in growing herbs and your Web pages are a great help to me.
I met a group of hikers, some of whom were university students.
I went hiking.
I went hiking with the group.
I cannot drive a motorcycle, much less a car.
I've run up against all kinds of people, working as a temporary.
I sat smoking a pipe.
They were making a fool of me.
I poured water into the bucket.
I filled the pail with water.
I went up to the roof by means of a ladder.
I visited Kushiro for the first time.
I'm sticking to my original plan.
I had great difficulty at the beginning.
I was too shy to look her in the face.
I caught a glimpse of him from the bus.
I waited for a bus to come.
I like volleyball as well as basketball.
I love watching basketball.
I don't go to school by bus.
I go to Osaka by bus.
I feared that I might be late for the bus.
I sat in the front of the bus.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
I had my purse stolen in the bus.
I have left my umbrella in a bus.
I may have left my wallet on the bus.
I must renew my passport.
I ran for the bus and was already breathless.
I like trains better than buses.
I love to spend time trying to put together a puzzle.
I cannot drive a bus.
It was not until I got off the bus that I realized I had left my umbrella.
I saw him cross the street as I got off the bus.
I'm waiting for the bus.
I would rather go on foot than stay here waiting for the bus.
I got off at the bus stop and went to the right.
I want a personal computer.
I have got a personal computer.
I had my personal computer repaired.
I have to make money to buy a personal computer.
I bought butter, cheese, eggs and what not.
I didn't know hummingbirds could even fly upside down when frightened.
I have a bat and ball.
I have been waiting for the results with anxiety.
I bought flowers - roses, lilies, and so on.
I like flowers such as roses and lilies.
I have been in Paris.
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.
He went to Paris, where he first met her.
I am to go to Paris.
I booked through to Paris.
I went to London by way of Paris.
I took a train bound for Paris.
I went all the way to see my doctor, only to find him absent.
I was in a good position to see the parade.
I am fascinated not so much by ballet itself as by the way the human body moves.
I wish to go to Hawaii.
I'm going to Hawaii by ship.
Am I handsome or not?
I was robbed of my purse.
I wanted a hamburger, but I restrained myself.
I ate a hamburger and ordered another.
I glanced through the brochure.
I keep my hammer in the toolbox.
I bought bread, coffee, sugar and the like.
I prefer rice to bread.
I'm a baker.
I bought a loaf of bread at the baker's.
I want to be a pianist.
I can't play the piano, but she can.
I'm good at playing the piano.
I like the sound of the piano.
I like playing the piano.
I play the piano a little.
I spent two hours playing the piano.
I do not play the piano.
I'd like to read some books about the Beatles.
I like green peppers very much.
I don't care for beer.
I never touch beer.
I want to be a Picasso.
I like the works of Picasso.
I went to Victoria Station, where I saw an old friend of mine.
I cut myself while shaving.
I pigged out on pizza.
I buy a videotape.
I don't know how to use a VCR.
I have the video.
I could not come because of the heavy rain.
I'm suffering from a bad headache.
Because I had a bad cold, I went to bed earlier than usual.
I stayed home because I had a bad cold.
I have a bad cold.
I was tired to death.
I was too tired to stand.
I am so tired that I can hardly walk.
I saw at a glance that he was an ordinary man.
I don't want to live all by myself.
I brought up two children alone.
I cannot do the work on my own.
I'm afraid to go alone.
I traveled by myself.
I am alone and feel I can write this to you.
I left the window open all through the night.
I poured the wine in a plastic bag and then dipped it in ice water.
I have arranged for Bill to meet Ann tomorrow.
I am good friends with Bill.
I learned that Bill's father was sick.
I found the building.
I don't like Bill, who gets angry easily.
I went swimming in the lake with Hiroko.
I bought a pair of boots.
I felt refreshed after a swim in the pool.
I felt so refreshed after a swim in the pool.
I don't like to swim in the pool.
I felt like swimming at the sight of the pool.
I usually go to school by bicycle.
I don't usually have to work on Sundays.
I usually keep a diary when I travel.
I'm on the football team.
I had my leg hurt while playing football.
I played football.
It occurred to me that the man was trying to cheat me out of my money.
I quickly tried to get advice from him.
It struck me that the girl was trying to hide something.
I long for a job as a flight attendant.
I pan-fried vegetables.
I am not as young as Miss Brown.
I respect Mr. Brown.
I come from Brazil.
I belong to the brass band.
I belong to the brass band, and so does my brother.
I like it black.
I met him at the end of the platform.
I got acquainted with her in France.
I want to go over to France.
I love French films.
I like French, but I cannot speak it well.
I cannot read French.
I can't read French, nor can I speak it.
I can't read French, let alone speak it.
I can't speak French.
I can't make myself understood in French.
I think it impossible for me to write a novel in French.
I am very interested in French.
I don't know any French.
I can speak neither French nor German.
I am quite ignorant of French.
I want to learn French.
I can't speak French at all.
I decided to major in French.
I am going to major in French.
I don't know French, much less Greek.
I don't know French.
I want to study French.
I can speak French.
I'm employed by a French lawyer.
I like French food very much.
I went to the department store with a view to buying a present.
I remember Fred visiting Kyoto with his mother.
I have never gone to Florida.
I like pro wrestling.
I think Beethoven is as great a composer as ever lived.
I lay awake in bed.
I hid myself under the bed.
I shuddered at the sight of the snake.
I heard the sound of a ringing bell.
I heard the bell ring.
I was roused by the sound of a bell.
I had my suitcase carried to my room by a bellboy.
I rang the bell six times.
I rang the bell and waited.
I'm Helen Cartwright's daughter.
I proposed to Helen that we have a tea party.
I sat waiting on the bench.
I sat waiting on a bench.
I had lost my pen.
I have lost my pen. Will you help me look for it?
I have a pen.
I must put my ideas together before I take up my pen.
I bent over to pick up the pen.
I'm looking for my pen.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I have lost my pen.
I met a barking dog.
I saw a bellman coming along.
I had the porter take my suitcases to my room.
I never want for a boyfriend.
I caught the ball with one hand.
I met the president himself.
I have something else to do.
I arrived ahead of the others.
I'm going to read some other books.
I pocketed my keys.
I thrust my hand into my pocket.
I searched my pockets for the wallet.
I will give this book to whoever wants it.
I pressed the button to turn the radio on.
I feel I'm growing out of pop music.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
I stayed at the hotel, but the others went shopping.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I canceled my hotel reservation.
I canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends.
I am almost 180 centimeters tall.
I can hardly swim.
I've eaten almost nothing.
I have little money with me.
I get up at six almost every day.
I take a bath almost every day.
I see the dog almost every day.
I am all but ready.
I am not satisfied with pop music.
I'd like to listen to pop music.
I didn't know when Bob had come to Japan.
I doubt if Bob will come to my birthday party.
I asked for Bob's help.
I saw a woman with hollow cheeks.
I do like ice cream.
I clapped my hands.
I've had only a couple of drinks.
I have only a little money about me.
I missed the airplane by a minute.
Yesterday, I went to see Martha as I hadn't seen her for several months.
I know that Mike likes basketball.
I had lunch with Mike at that restaurant.
I am friends with Mike.
I asked Mike to help me.
I'll let you know in advance.
I pay fifty pounds a week for board and lodging.
I was on the point of giving up when I suddenly hit upon the solution.
I was about to leave my house.
I have never been inside this classroom.
I am still attached to this bicycle.
I haven't read this new novel, and my sister hasn't either.
I've never come across such a strange case.
I have still to hear that story.
I haven't finished reading the book yet.
I haven't been able to solve the problem yet.
I have not been to New Zealand.
I don't know for certain yet.
I'm not used to writing a business letter, yet.
I still have difficulty in making myself understood in English.
I have never been abroad.
I hope to meet you all again.
I'm happy to see you again.
Now that I am well again, I want to study space science in college.
I said I would ring again later.
I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I have not finished my homework yet.
I still have some money in hand.
I have not finished lunch.
I have not eaten breakfast yet.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
I also found every letter he had ever written to my mother.
I can't get in touch with him yet.
I have not heard from her yet.
I've never gotten on a plane yet.
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I'm still busy.
I felt as happy as if I were still dreaming.
I have not yet finished my supper.
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.
I'm using a Mac and I can't read a Windows 95 file.
Instead of coming directly home, I took the long way and stopped by the post office.
I can't play the piano at all. I'm all thumbs.
I cannot swim at all.
I didn't go out at all because you told me not to.
I found the key underneath the mat.
I'd like to send a congratulations card to Madonna for the birth of her baby girl.
I gave it to my mommy.
I hope to see you again before long.
I soon came across a box labeled Terry Tate.
I soon grew to love my apartment.
I soon got accustomed to speaking in public.
I made an appointment with Mayuko.
I talk as if I knew everything.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
I feel as if I were dreaming.
I feel like crying out loud as if I were a little girl.
I went out of my way as far as Rome.
I was miserable and unhappy.
I have just been to the Midori Bank.
I am proud to work with you.
I taught Miyuki how to keep a dog indoors.
I have drunk all my milk.
I was drinking milk.
I drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator.
I believe that everyone will like this picture.
I was laughed at by everyone.
I know the boy standing over there.
I would rather stay here.
I'd rather not spend so much money on clothes.
I would rather not go there alone.
I prefer you to come.
I would rather live alone in the country.
I have some good opinion of my son's ability.
I was seized with the desire to buy the book.
I can't sing as well as Mary did.
I know for certain that Mary is seriously ill.
I saw Mary looking into a show window.
I told the news to Tom, not to Mary.
I took to Mary as soon as we met.
I owe Mary some money and must pay her back by next Monday.
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
I got Mary to correct the errors in my composition.
I phoned Mary, but the line was busy.
I gave Mary a book.
I saw a woman who I thought was Mary's mother.
I thanked Mary for her help.
I introduced Mary to my parents.
I dealt out three candies to each child.
I cannot read without glasses.
I noticed that I had lost my glasses.
I've broken my glasses.
I wake up at the sound of the alarm.
Rarely do I listen to the radio.
I am seldom at leisure.
I am a poor correspondent.
I rarely prepare for the world history lessons.
I rarely catch a cold.
I know that Mary went abroad.
I've already finished my homework.
I've got another dollar coming.
I suggested that we should stay there another day.
I have been on a diet for two weeks.
I have been waiting for almost half an hour.
I'm stuck on you - really far gone.
I have lost faith in the doctor.
I have already finished this book.
I cannot eat any more.
I can't go any farther.
I can't to do with her any more.
I can walk no farther.
I can't put up with such bad conditions any more.
I am going to be fourteen.
I'm quite better now.
I will go there no more.
I have already done it.
I have done it already.
It's all over for me. I lost my job.
I have another friend in China.
I don't have to go to the doctor any more. I'm feeling much better.
I am to examine the papers once more.
I looked it over once more.
I decided to try again.
I can't put up with this any longer.
I suggested that we should bring the meeting to an end.
I've already eaten breakfast.
Now that I am a teacher, I think otherwise.
I think it's about time we got down to brass tacks.
I have made up my mind now.
I must be going now.
Now I have my composition written.
I have already washed the dishes.
I am no longer a child.
I'm old enough to support myself.
I have already written a letter.
I almost caught the fish.
I narrowly escaped being run over by a truck.
I almost dropped the plates.
I was within an ace of winning.
I don't want to eat any more.
I am staying for another few weeks.
I am quite all right now.
Henry said that he couldn't wait any longer.
I have already changed my clothes.
I have already had my breakfast.
I'll be staying here for another three days.
I will not see him any more.
I will never see him.
I cannot put up with his temper any longer.
I do not love him any longer.
I do not trust him any longer.
I'll see her no more.
I am no longer tired.
I'm not afraid any more.
I am now independent of my father.
I have already finished dinner.
I have recovered my health already.
I prefer modern furniture.
I can show you a better time.
I moved nearer in order to hear better.
I have made up my mind to work harder.
I persuaded my brother to study harder.
I made up my mind to study harder.
I noticed that I got a more lasting satisfaction from works of a more incomplete character.
I will have to study harder.
I resolved that I would work harder.
I've made up my mind to come up with a better solution.
I wanted to talk more, but she just hung up on me.
I cannot put up with his idleness any longer.
I can't put up with his behavior any longer.
I got lost in the forest.
I wasted away to skin and bone.
I have at last learned the Gettysburg Address by heart.
I finally got through the test.
I finally escaped.
I escaped from the sinking boat with difficulty.
I gave an answer to him with great difficulty.
I can take a rest at last.
I managed to persuade my cousin into accepting my plan.
I was just in time for class.
My homework was finally finished.
I finished my homework with difficulty.
I finally got across the river.
I've finally got used to urban life.
At length, I found his house.
I was compelled to go there.
I was constrained to tell a lie.
I was forced to go.
I was forced to take medicine.
I went there of necessity.
I was forced to abandon the plan.
I like having plenty to do.
Each time I tried, I failed.
I've got too much to do.
I had a dream about you last night.
I wrote a letter to my mother last night.
I took my time having lunch.
I hit on a good idea.
I went into the town in search of a good restaurant.
I appreciate good music.
I like listening to good music.
I got a good seat.
I want to grow good vegetables, rice, fruit and so on.
Finally, I made up my mind and bought the new video game.
I want to go somewhere in Europe.
I decided not to go to Europe.
I'm thinking of going to Europe.
I have been to Europe twice.
I often lie on this bench.
I often fell, but I never gave up.
Such feelings often came over me.
I often refer to the dictionary.
I would walk along the river.
I often watch night games on TV.
I am familiar with the piano.
I used to sit up late at night listening to the radio.
I am often contrasted with my brother.
I would play tricks on my brother.
I used to go to school with Ken.
I looked but saw nothing.
I often say a great doctor kills more people than a great general.
I often remember my happy childhood.
I often think of my dead mother.
I used to listen to the radio very late at night.
I reasoned him out of his fears.
I often go swimming in the river.
I would often take a walk before breakfast.
I used to do fishing.
I often help my brother with his homework.
I often call, but seldom write a letter.
I used to go skiing in winter.
I often dream of the same scene.
I would often take naps on Sundays.
I often have quarrels with her.
I used to debate the problem with her.
I often catch cold.
I don't quite know.
I often play tennis after school.
I often sit up late at night to read.
I would often sit reading far into the night.
I often enjoy listening to classical music after supper.
I've always hoped to sail across the Pacific in a yacht.
I belong to the sailing club.
I'm sure that better times are on the way.
I resolved to study harder.
I go to bed late at night.
I take a walk at six in the evening.
I was surprised to see a lion.
I turned on the lights.
I recorded a rugby game on videotape.
I belong to the rugby football club.
I heard it on the radio.
I also like listening to music on the radio.
I turned off the radio.
I like to listen to the radio.
I am listening to the radio.
I spent my time listening to the radio.
I am a runner.
I like R & B.
I trust Richard; he is a man of his word.
I trust Richard, who is a man of his word.
I would like to read some books about Lincoln.
I like apples best.
I don't like apples.
I like neither apples nor grapes.
I like oranges better than apples.
I like to eat apples.
I like bananas more than apples.
I started last in the race, but I soon caught up with the others.
I've left out the nuts in this recipe because Delia's allergic to them.
I entered the restaurant and had lunch.
I entered a restaurant and had lunch.
I have never heard Roy sing a song in public.
I blew the candle out.
I was deeply impressed by Roman architecture.
I was a little behind in my loan payments.
I am thinking of going to Los Angeles.
I visited Hollywood while I stayed in Los Angeles.
I consider the Russian ballet the greatest.
I love rock.
I love rock musicians.
I flew from London to New York.
I met her in London for the first time.
I have been to London twice.
I'd like to go to London.
I'd like to visit London.
I am assumed to go to London.
I made friends with her during my stay in London.
I arrived in London.
I never go to London without visiting the British Museum.
I have been to London.
I went by bus as far as London.
I went as far as London by car.
I am a student at London University.
I don't care for wine.
I stood aside to let them pass.
I broke the vase on purpose.
I hurt her feelings on purpose.
I visited Washington and then went to New York this next week.
I have no more than 1,000 yen with me.
I have no more than one hundred yen with me.
I manage to get along on a small salary.
I lent him what little money I had.
I have to live on my very small income.
I was a naughty boy.
I like Sachiko better than Akiko.
I climbed Mt. Aso.
I admit having done wrong.
I caught sight of Namie Amuro.
I am looking for the chair in the dark.
I don't like walking home alone after dark.
I must get home before it gets dark.
I felt for the light switch in the dark.
I remember seeing you before.
I have a feeling that I have been here before.
I remember reading this novel before.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
I have seen the picture before.
I had never been late for school before.
I've been to Sapporo before.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
I have seen her before.
I used to play badminton, but I do not any more.
I didn't use to like wine, but now I'm quite fond of it.
I used to take a walk every morning.
I have seen a UFO before.
I used to take a walk early in the morning.
I would play tennis with him on Sunday.
I have more time, and less money than ever.
I have visited Kyoto before.
I told you before that you should ask your mother first.
I used to have an old Rolls Royce.
I've lived in Kobe before.
I have met him before.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji before.
I like all films that Juzo Itami directs.
I am acquainted with the chairman of the committee.
I supported the committee's decision.
I was compelled to do this against my will.
I married him against my will.
I boldly jumped into the sea.
I felt a sharp pain in the stomach.
I usually buy clothing at a local store.
It gradually dawned on me that I had taken the wrong train.
I am looking at the matter from a different viewpoint.
I had a consultation with a lawyer about my will.
I shall will my money to a hospital.
I am majoring in medicine.
I advise you in my capacity as a doctor to stop smoking.
I asked the doctor some questions.
I want to be a doctor or a nurse or a teacher.
I'm a doctor.
I am not a doctor, but a teacher.
I wish to be a doctor.
I wanted to become a doctor.
I made up my mind to be a doctor.
I decided to be a doctor.
I was told that I should see a doctor.
I must pay a visit to the doctor.
The doctor tells me not to touch alcohol.
I went to see the doctor, only to find him absent.
The doctor's advice kept me from drinking too much.
I regret not having taken my doctor's advice.
I have complete faith in my doctor.
I must send for the doctor.
I decided to make medicine my vocation.
I hear Mr Inoue has put up at that hotel.
I took a chance and accepted his challenge.
I have just one thing to ask of you.
I don't want to be tied to one company.
I carried one bag, but the other one was left behind.
I am just a humble teacher.
I knew at a glance that he was an honest man.
I watched the expedition as it set off.
I bought a book.
I looked for the book for an hour.
I cannot get there in an hour.
I am paid 10 dollars an hour.
I studied for one hour.
I go to the library two or three times a week.
I must return home within a week.
I can't go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
I saw her for a moment, but then lost sight of her in the crowd.
I was laughed out of court.
I am an only child.
I like being alone.
I don't like to be alone.
I had to go there alone.
I finished the work by myself.
I was compelled to do the work alone.
I can do it by myself.
I would rather not go shopping alone.
Do you think I should go alone?
I walked in the woods by myself.
I can't bear living alone.
There is absolutely no way that I would go on a trip alone.
I met an old woman.
I have one brother.
I don't want to live by myself.
I am accustomed to living alone.
I have been his greatest fan all my life.
I studied very hard, only to fail the examination.
I worked hard all day, so I was very tired.
I am accustomed to working hard.
I have to bone up on my physics.
I am studying very hard.
I wondered if I had ever really understood anyone.
I turned off the TV because I had seen the movie before.
I have seen her once in a TV drama.
I ran upstairs two steps at a time.
I have visited Paris once.
I have never been to America.
I have never been to Europe.
I have never been to Kushiro.
I go to the restaurant every 2 days.
I have a bath every other day.
I call on him every other day.
I have to use English all day.
I stayed home all day.
I'm busy all day keeping house.
I am free all day, I'll come and see you at any time that suits you.
I spent the entire day on the beach.
I've worked all day, so that I am very tired.
I'm very tired from working all day.
I was busy all day.
I was revived by a glass of water.
I get up early in summer as a rule.
I mean students in general, but not in particular.
I had a good night's rest.
I sat up all night.
I was wearing my best clothes.
I live on the bottom floor.
I can't reach the top shelf.
I got up early enough to catch the first train.
I hurried in order to catch the first train.
I hurried to the station so as to be in time for the first train.
I got up early the next morning to catch the first train.
I'm cleaned out.
I will accomplish my purpose step by step.
I recognized him at first glance.
I saw at a glance that he was an extraordinary man.
I know a girl who can ride a unicycle.
I just moved.
I have decided to retire.
I have no intention whatever of resigning.
My mind was in a haze after drinking so much.
I don't want anything to drink.
I was cured of my drinking habit.
I don't like drinking.
I am blind in the right eye.
I broke my right leg.
I got my right leg injured.
I went out although it was raining.
I will go even if it rains.
I thought rain was beginning to fall.
I reached school before the rain started.
I am aware that my hip aches when it rains.
We put off our departure because of the rain.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I couldn't go on a picnic because of the rain.
I was kept waiting in the rain for as long as ten minutes.
I don't mind walking in the rain.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
I always keep my promises.
I'm above telling lies.
I was lucky.
I had my fortune told.
I am not experienced in driving.
I was afraid I might fall asleep while driving.
Exercise is not in my line.
I broke a bone in my foot while exercising.
I was forced to submit to my fate.
I am contented with my lot.
It was very lucky for me that I saw him.
I flew above the clouds.
I want to fly above the clouds.
I'm a salesman.
I am a member of the sales department.
I am fond of the cinema.
I don't care for moving pictures.
I'm a movie fan.
I stayed home all day long instead of going to the movies.
I suggested that we should go to the movies.
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.
I feel like going to the movies.
I haven't heard from him for a long time.
I will quit smoking for good.
I have given up smoking for good and all.
I want to live forever.
I know how to swim, but I don't like swimming in the river.
I want to learn how to swim.
I know how to swim.
I like to swim.
I am interested in swimming.
I like swimming very much.
I enjoyed swimming.
I would rather play tennis than swim.
I'm able to swim.
I can swim.
I can't even speak English very well, much less Spanish.
I don't understand English.
I like English, but I cannot speak well.
I don't like English.
I like English very much.
I am able to read English.
I was poor at English.
I can't speak English, much less German.
I can speak English.
I couldn't make myself understood well in English.
I'm afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
I got a good grade in English.
I was called upon to make a speech in English.
I delivered a lecture in English.
I can't make myself understood in English.
I found it difficult to make myself understood in English.
I wrote a letter in English.
I finished writing a letter in English.
I received a letter written in English.
I bought a newspaper written in English.
I wrote to my teacher in English.
I keep a diary in English.
I found it impossible to beat him at English.
I could make myself understood in English.
I like English and music.
I'm fed up with English.
I would like to brush up my English.
I must brush up my English.
I want to study German in addition to English.
I am interested in English.
I didn't let on to my parents that I got a C on the English test.
I know how to write a letter in English.
I don't do much study ahead for the English classes.
I really look up to my English teacher, Mr Taniguchi.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
I like studying English.
I intend to devote a few hours a day to the study of English.
I study French in addition to English.
I like English better.
I have few English books.
I have some English books.
I have a few English books.
I bought an English book, but the book was hard to understand.
I want to brush up my English.
I can teach English.
It is six years since I started to study English.
I can read English, but I can't speak it.
I want to study English.
I study English.
He went to America to study English.
I am going to study English.
I like to study English.
I study English an hour every day.
I cannot speak English without making some mistakes.
I am good at speaking English.
I cannot speak English, much less German.
I want to be able to speak English.
I can't help feeling affection for the English countryside.
I like English Breakfast tea the best.
I don't like a novel without a hero.
I live within 200 meters of the station.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
I live about an hour from the station.
I want to live close to the station.
I walked from the station.
I am to meet her at five at the station.
I have often met Mr Sasaki at the station.
I ran across my uncle at the station.
I heard my name called in the station.
I had great difficulty in finding my ticket at the station.
I joined him at the station.
I bumped into him at the station.
I arrived at the station.
I will pick him up at the station.
I met an old man near the station.
I met her in a coffee shop near the station.
I am near the station.
I'm just about to set off for the station.
I went to the station.
I hurried to the station only to miss the train.
I met my teacher on the way to the station.
I ran all the way to the station.
We had to walk all the way to the station.
I took a cab to the station.
I walked as far as the station.
It took me ten minutes to walk to the station.
I got off at the wrong station.
I played an important part in the garden party.
I belong to the drama club.
I made a draft of my speech.
I never make a speech without being nervous.
I was choked by smoke.
I was unable to breathe because of the smoke.
I stopped smoking and drinking.
I can't give up smoking.
I could not refrain from smoking.
I am forbidden tobacco.
I have to commute all the way from a distant suburb.
I saw flashes of lightning in the distance.
I caught sight of her figure in the distance.
I bought ten pencils, half of which were to be given to my brother.
I bought two dozen pencils.
I want a knife to sharpen my pencil with.
I have not any pencils.
I lent my pencil to him.
I got a letter written with a pencil.
I picked up a purse in the street.
I was ushered into the drawing room.
I waited for the answer but nobody answered.
I was crowded out.
I was afraid of being put into a closet.
I lay down to rest.
I walked straight ahead without looking to the side.
I was raised in Yokohama.
I was born in Yokohama.
I live in Yokohama.
I met the prince himself.
I like the warm sea around Okinawa.
I love the sound of rain on the roof.
I painted the roof light blue.
I got this job with my teacher's help.
I was ashamed of what I had done to my benefactor.
I grow orchids in my greenhouse.
I keep a daily record of the temperature.
I like music, especially classical music.
I like music, particularly classical music.
I like music very much.
I am fond of music.
I like music, but I also like paintings.
I do not like music.
I have no ear for music.
I am in the music club.
I am very interested in music.
I talked about music.
I am interested in music.
I have given myself to music.
I would like to go to Austria in order to study music.
I can't run away from the fascination of music.
I like English better than music.
I like listening to music, and playing music even more.
I am listening to the music.
I spend a lot of time listening to music.
I often study while listening to music.
I like listening to music, especially jazz.
I like listening to music.
I'm studying voice at a college of music.
I love music, especially rock.
I belong to the music club.
I don't want to sing, because I'm tone-deaf.
I teach Mr Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
I live in a rooming house.
I was on the hunt for lodgings.
I'm not a bit interested in chemistry.
I ordered half a dozen books on chemistry from New York.
I felt something touch my foot.
I felt something moving on my back.
I know what's in the box.
I must get the concert ticket by all means.
I am afraid I ate something bad.
I want to drink something.
We will stand by you whatever happens.
I want to eat something.
I feel like eating something.
I want to buy something to eat.
I wanted something to eat.
I want something to read on the train.
I can hear something.
I had to do everything alone.
I wanted to have had everything my own way.
I want to see her by any means.
I managed to get out of the scrape.
I will give up drinking at any cost.
I had no difficulty in finding his house.
I will let myself loose.
I spent an idle week there.
I prefer working to doing nothing.
I can't do anything.
I'm not frightened of anything.
I am not frightened of anything.
I keep nothing a secret from you.
I saw nothing.
I couldn't think of anything to say.
I said nothing, which made him all the more angry.
I said nothing, which made him more furious.
I said nothing, which made her angry.
I said nothing, which made him angry.
I don't feel like eating anything.
I can't bring myself to eat anything.
I have nothing to fall back on.
I value your friendship more than anything.
As I did not know what to do, I asked him for advice.
I know what to do.
What had I better do?
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for advice.
I was at sea as to what to do.
I must decide what to do.
I don't know what to study.
I took a casual look at the magazine.
I inquired about the book in many stores.
How old do you think I am?
I went to the library to read some books.
I will do my best in everything.
I look to him for direction in everything.
I don't know what time it is.
I want to make sure what time I'm supposed to leave.
I waited for hours, but she didn't show up.
I debated for hours with my friends on the subject.
I went there dozens of times.
I respected some young writers.
I heard some students complain about the homework.
I tried the problem again and again.
I tried many times to use a personal computer.
I tried again and again.
I went down the slope, falling again and again.
I have tried innumerable times to contact him.
I have met him many times.
I called his office again and again, but no one answered.
I have thought about ghosts many times.
I have traveled many times.
I have been here for many years.
I've dealt with this store for years.
I lived for years and years.
I saw some poor cats kicked out.
I caught sight of hundreds of birds.
I live in comfort.
I make a bargain with him over the price.
I like summer the best.
I end up unconsciously trying to get fit as summer draws near.
I take a bath every morning in summer.
I swim in the summer.
I am going to Hokkaido in the summer.
I took a cottage for the summer.
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.
I can't do without an air conditioner in the summer.
I like to suck on frozen ice cream bars in the summer.
I like winter better than summer.
I'm staying at my aunt's for the summer.
I never think of summer without thinking of my childhood.
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.
I spent the summer vacation at my aunt's house.
I spent more than three-quarters of my summer vacations traveling.
I am looking forward to the summer vacation.
I will take advantage of the summer vacation to travel abroad.
I went back to my village during the summer vacation.
I swam in the afternoons during the summer vacation.
I felt the house shaking terribly.
I study English at home.
I lent Mrs. Jones all the butter there was in the house.
I stayed at home, for it rained that day.
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
I have to stay home.
I will stay at home.
I prefer going out to staying home.
I tried hard to make them stay home, but they refused to listen to me.
I had my house painted.
I took a doze after coming home.
I went home.
I met her on my way home.
I used to drop in at the bookstore on my way home.
I met one of my friends on my way home.
I saw a white bird on my way home.
I got caught in a storm on my way home.
I have my own bedroom at home.
The moment I arrived home, I went to bed.
I can find a tree by the house.
I was at a loss when I lost my house key.
I felt something move in the house.
I am in the house.
I looked round the inside of the house.
I was not going to keep up the family tradition.
I love to fish in the trout stream behind my house.
I want to go home.
I'm looking for a house.
I have abandoned the idea of buying a house.
I'm going to sell my house.
I sold the house to advantage.
I bought three pieces of furniture.
I entrusted my wife with the family finances.
I postponed doing my housework for a few hours.
I went camping with my family.
I feel happiest when I am at home with my family.
I read your letter to my family.
I am able to provide food and clothes for my family.
I concurred in giving up my vacation for my family.
I am loved by all my family.
I took a picture of my family.
I am the first musician in my family.
I like to give gifts to my family and friends.
I worked hard in order to support my family.
I can pay no more than $50 a week for rent.
I went home and Bill stayed at the office.
I often spend my leisure time listening to the radio.
I write poems in my free time.
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply.
I like to sing.
I feel like singing.
I like singing.
I'm good at singing.
I like to sing songs.
I hope to become a singer.
I'm studying kabuki drama.
I will have finished reading this book by Tuesday.
I tried to set by all the money I could earn.
I am watering the flowers.
I need not have watered the flowers. Just after I finished it started raining.
I'm going to exhibit my roses at the flower show.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and others are yellow.
I have been to the park to see flowers.
I have been to see the cherry blossoms.
I am allergic to pollen.
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.
I was appointed to section chief.
I have put aside one fourth of my salary for the last three years.
I got bitten by mosquitoes.
I shut the window to keep the mosquitoes out.
I like to take my pad and pencil and drive to the seashore to sketch.
I told the news to everyone I met.
I presented myself at the meeting.
I suggest that the meeting be postponed.
I was absent from the meeting.
I had an awful time at the conference.
I ventured to say my opinion at the conference.
My proposal was turned down in the conference.
I was not present at that meeting.
I left home early so I'd be on time for the meeting.
I got up early in order to attend the meeting.
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part.
I forgot the date of the meeting.
I'll attend the meeting.
I was asked to buy some cakes on the way home from the office.
I've given my best for the company.
I traveled in the interest of my company.
I want to be at the top of the company.
I am an office worker.
I'm a company man - an ordinary salaried office worker.
I don't have a decryption program.
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.
I didn't have time to recover before I came down with another horrible cold.
I found the broken doll mended by somebody.
I want to live in comfort.
I want to bathe in the sea.
I spent my vacation at the beach.
I went swimming in the sea.
I like mountains better than seas.
I looked down at the sea.
There's nothing I can do but give up the idea of going abroad.
I am working in the Overseas Operations Division.
I was envious of the students who had studied abroad.
While living near the beach, I often enjoyed swimming.
I went into the navy.
I am anticipating a good vacation at the seaside.
I'd like you to be more punctual.
I spoke so loudly as to be heard by everyone.
I don't know much about painting, but I can tell that this brush has an excellent stroke feel to it.
I showed genius in painting.
I wish to go to Paris to study art.
I can't draw, but my sister is a great artist.
I am poor at drawing.
I like to draw pictures.
I would like to draw.
I want a room to paint a picture in.
I'm going to give Emi a new CD.
I gave an opening address.
I met him on the stairs as I was coming up.
I put on my cap to go out.
I ran out and caught a taxi.
I addressed my full attention to the landscape outside.
I could not get out.
I returned from abroad.
I am all alone in a foreign country.
I wish to go abroad.
I have many friends in foreign countries.
I came into frequent contact with foreign students.
I prefer English cars to foreign ones.
I am aching to go abroad.
I intended to have gone abroad.
I am thinking of going abroad.
I am learning two foreign languages.
Being a foreigner, I couldn't catch on to the joke.
I was taught English by a foreigner.
I prefer to buy domestic rather than foreign products.
I don't want to go out.
I was told not go out, which advice I followed.
I must go out.
I was going out, when the telephone rang.
I take an umbrella with me when I go out.
I never go out without buying something.
I must finish it before I go out.
I stayed at home instead of going out.
I can do without an overcoat.
I use numbered index cards for each student.
I am willing to go on record as opposing nuclear tests.
I did say that, but I didn't mean it.
I am going to the theater on the corner.
I turned the corner and caught sight of a newly opened restaurant.
I caught a glimpse of him as he turned the corner.
I go to school because I want to learn.
I made friends with them at the school festival.
I like art and music among my school subjects.
I met him on my way home from school.
I met Tony on my way home from school.
I sometimes help my parents in the shop after school.
I met him on my way from school.
On my way home from school I met her.
I played tennis after school was over.
Apart from schoolwork, I write poetry.
I rarely saw him at school.
I regret not having studied harder at school.
I study hard at school.
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation, in particular Soseki's I am a Cat and Kokoro, and Akutagawa's The Nose and Kappa.
I'm studying art at school.
I study at school.
I was ten minutes late for school.
I feel happiest when I am in school.
I'm proud of my school.
I put in an hour of jogging before I go to school.
I saw my uncle on the way to school.
You were going to the school.
I arrived at school on time.
I ran because I was late for school.
I apologized for having been late for school.
I am proud of never being late for school.
I hurried in order not to be late for school.
Because I live near the school, I come home for lunch.
Living near the school, I come home for lunch.
I met him on my way to school.
I do not go to school.
I was on my way to school.
I met Tony on my way school this morning.
I have to leave school.
It wasn't until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
I still have many clear memories of my school days.
I remember my school days very well.
I am a student, but he isn't.
When I was a student, I used to go to that pizza parlor.
I kept company with him since we were students.
I don't lend my books to any of the students.
I take it for granted that students come to school to study.
I have a student visa.
I stayed up much later when I was a student.
I regret having been lazy in my school days.
I had a good time.
I anticipate a good vacation.
I had a time playing tennis.
I play the piano for amusement.
I have a fancy to live the hard way.
I arrived outside the dressing room.
I received a good job offer.
I slipped and fell down the stairs.
I checked my briefcase and umbrella in the cloakroom.
I felt cold.
I dislike cold weather.
I'm cold and wet.
I am accustomed to cold weather.
I am easily affected by cold weather.
I am very sensitive to the cold.
I haven't completely given up the idea.
I received a welcome.
I interviewed a lady who works to protect the environment.
I know a lot about environmental problems.
I like sweet cakes very much.
I have a fondness for sweets.
I allow myself no sweets.
I don't like spoiled children.
I have a sweet tooth.
I was aware of being watched.
I'm a nurse.
I want to be a nurse.
I can read Spanish easily.
I have a history of liver trouble.
I was at the theater.
I have a tourist visa.
I do not like to make mistakes.
I was abashed when my mistakes were pointed out.
I've made a mistake, though I didn't intend to.
I may have made a mistake.
I might be wrong.
I asked forgiveness for the mistake I made.
He did me the honor of saying that I was right.
I have brought his umbrella by mistake.
I took his umbrella by mistake.
I saw Tony off at Kansai International Airport.
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.
I got my eyes tested.
I can hardly see without my glasses.
I can read without glasses.
I had broken my glasses, so that I couldn't see the blackboard.
I am Kazuto Iwamoto.
I felt as if my face were on fire.
I felt a cold wind on my face.
I went to sleep with a handkerchief over my face.
I was foiled in my attempt.
I was nearly run over by a truck.
I came near to being run over by the truck.
I came near to getting involved in a crime.
I went out on a limb and bought 500 shares of Sony stock.
I don't like to run a risk.
I was filled with joy.
I could hardly contain myself for joy.
I am ready to follow you.
I am happy to help you.
I am willing to help you with your work.
I answered with joy.
I like a basic breakfast - miso soup and rice.
As I was frightened by the strange sound, I jumped up.
I heard a funny noise.
I found a strange object lying on the road.
I felt rather puzzled.
I'm feeling kind of tired.
I spread the big map on the table.
I unfolded the map on the desk.
I should have studied harder before the term exams.
I go to the museum whenever I get the chance.
I took the opportunity to visit Rome.
I'm not going back.
I met with a traffic accident on my way back.
I've been very busy since I returned from abroad.
May I go home?
I have to go home.
I always brush my coat when I come home.
I slept soon when I came home.
I got leave to go home.
I'm going to drop in at his house on my way home.
I had my purse stolen somewhere on my way home.
I passed behind him without being noticed.
I was feverish with embarrassment.
I'll put off my visit to England till the weather is warmer.
I can't hide my feelings.
I'm feeling sick.
I was too sick to stand.
I suggested that we should listen to music for a change.
I was deeply discouraged.
I am very fond of travelling by train.
I like spring the best of the seasons.
I have an orderly lifestyle.
I lead a regular life.
I am running short of memory.
I was guilty of a slip of memory.
I noticed your Model 123 in the January 1997 issue of Techno-World Magazine.
I got a quick glimpse of Takanohana as he hurriedly left the gymnasium.
I recommend you to go by train.
I want to be an engineer.
I am going to be an engineer.
I have a suspicious nature.
I cannot forbear expressing my doubts.
I tried to fulfill my duty.
I am in duty bound to see this thing through.
I was appointed chairperson.
I have been nominated for the chairman.
I am not as busy as Yoshio.
I don't care for smoking; it's bad for the health.
I had a cup of coffee at the coffee shop.
I went into a tearoom, where I happened to see him.
I bade farewell to the guests.
I hold the converse opinion.
I was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
I visited the town for the first time in a long time.
I went to Hawaii on vacation for a couple of weeks.
I was abroad on vacation.
I was out of town on vacation.
I saw the sights of Kyoto during my vacation.
I laid out a schedule for the vacation.
I spent the major part of my vacation at my uncle's.
Taking advantage of the holidays, I returned home to Nagoya.
I cannot afford a holiday.
I spent my vacation in Hakone.
I availed myself of a holiday to visit Tokyo.
I didn't go anywhere during the holiday.
I used to fish for hours on holidays.
I think twice before I smoke.
As I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
I'm not in a hurry.
I calculated hastily.
I hurried my clothes on.
I ate a hasty lunch.
I finished my lunch quickly.
I had a hasty breakfast and left home.
I put on my clothes in a hurry.
Must I hurry?
I had to make a speech at short notice.
I felt a sudden pain in my side.
I must be away on urgent business.
I couldn't help but cry.
I was almost in tears.
I met my classmate.
I proposed the plan to my classmates, some of whom were against it.
I work hard to catch up with the class.
One-fifth of my wages go to taxes.
I ran into an old friend of mine.
I met an old friend, and what was more strange, my former teacher.
I prefer mutton to beef.
I want to drink milk.
I must buy some milk.
I heard about it from another source last year.
I have not lived in Sanda since last year.
I have lived in Kobe since last year.
I lived in New York last year.
I took a trip across Canada last April.
I remember last summer's adventure.
I went to America last fall.
I didn't see a doctor last year.
I graduated from high school last year.
I did not live in Sanda last year.
I lived in Sanda City last year.
I graduated from university last year.
I underwent major surgery last year.
I was in the third year of middle school last year.
I came to Japan last year.
I got acquainted with him last year.
I noticed that I had slept past my station.
I like fish.
I prefer meat to fish any day.
I like meat better than fish.
I'd prefer meat to fish.
I want to live in Kyoto or in Nara.
I was born in Kyoto.
I am planning to visit Kyoto, and Nara as well.
I have been to Kyoto.
I went to Kyoto, where I happened to see her.
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto.
I had no sooner arrived in Kyoto than I fell ill.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Kyoto.
I am deeply attached to old temples in Kyoto.
I'm going to stay with my uncle in Kyoto.
I have once been to Kyoto.
I never go to Kyoto without visiting the Nanzenji Temple.
I will visit Kyoto.
I graduated from Kyoto University.
I am impatient with those who aren't cooperative.
I had my umbrella blown off by the strong wind.
I firmly believe.
I have pretty much forgotten the emphatic constructions.
I met with an awful accident.
I almost went crazy with fear.
I could not say a word for fear.
I was trembling with fear.
The evolution of dinosaurs interests me greatly.
I am very tired from teaching.
I teach.
It was brought home to me how important education is.
The necessity of education came home to me.
I regret becoming a teacher.
I forgot to buy the textbook.
I saw a woman at the church, whose beauty made a lasting impression on me.
I met her at the church.
I'm a teacher.
"I am a teacher." "So am I."
I am a writer rather than a teacher.
Now that I am teacher, I think otherwise.
I intended to have become a teacher.
I started to learn English with the aim of becoming a teacher.
I couldn't make myself heard in the classroom.
I was alone in the classroom.
I'm a professor, or rather an associate professor, to be exact.
I am a professor.
I have an appointment with the professor at 1:30.
I parted from him on the bridge.
I was told the news by Hashimoto.
I held my breath in excitement.
I blew my breath against the mirror.
I'm staring at myself in a mirror.
I was surprised and became sad.
I jumped up in surprise.
I tried to learn the melody by heart.
I don't like the taste of onions.
I hold a belief in the importance of hard work.
I'm giving up smoking.
I swore off drinking only to start again the next week.
I am going to visit the art exhibition one of these days.
I am near-sighted, so I cannot make out what is written on that signboard.
I had an interesting conversation with my neighbor.
I'm on good terms with the neighbors.
I will call on him one of these days.
I don't like the idea that money is everything.
I need money badly.
Though I have neither money nor friends, I am not so unhappy as you think.
I have neither money nor friends.
I would choose honor before money.
I put the money in a three-year time deposit at the bank.
I'm not rich but have so much to offer.
I was a rich man.
I am not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I'm not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I went there for the express purpose of earning money.
I collect silver tea spoons.
I have several silver coins.
I exchanged some yen for dollars at the bank.
I worked for a bank.
I work for a bank.
I opened my account with the bank.
I have to go to the bank.
I'm going to the bank.
I went to the bank to withdraw $20,000 from deposit.
I'm a bank clerk.
I'm from Fukuoka in Kyushu.
I have never been to Kyushu.
I have a fancy for bitter things.
I worked my way through college.
I complained, but they refused to take this sweater back.
I have no faith in a silly superstition.
I was foolish enough to believe it.
I was foolish enough to leave my commutation ticket at home.
I was foolish enough to believe him.
I saw a strange moving object in the sky.
I can no more swim than I can fly.
I went into the air force.
I chanced to meet him at the airport.
I met a friend of mine at the airport.
I indulged in some duty-free shopping at the airport.
I have a picture of an airport.
I went to the airport to see my mother off.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
I felt faint with hunger.
I was too hungry to speak.
I am a hungry spider.
I met Jane by accident.
I chanced to be working there.
I found the book by chance.
I met an old friend by chance in Kyoto.
I came to Liverpool by chance.
I met her by accident at the bus stop.
It chanced that I met him at the airport.
I came upon an old friend of mine on the train.
I met him by chance.
I met her at the station by accident.
I loosened my shoelaces.
I had my shoes mended at that store.
I got my shoes wet.
I've worn out my shoes.
I must buy a pair of shoes.
I had my shoes cleaned.
I am afraid of bears.
I think you made up that story about the accident.
I think it necessary that you should do so.
I don't know where you're from, and neither does he.
I am not pleased with what you have done.
I can't do such a thing like you did.
I regret saying that you were wrong.
I want the same dictionary as you have.
I heard you talking in your sleep last night.
I am very glad to hear of your success.
I am not wholly convinced that you are right.
I believe you are honest.
I want the same style of jacket as yours.
I think it necessary for you to see him.
I didn't blame you for hitting him.
I expect you all to do your best.
I was surprised at you and your brother appearing on TV.
I am glad to be with you.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
I do not agree with you at all.
I'd love to come with you.
I came to the same decision as you.
I agree with you.
I want to ask a favor of you.
I owe you 3,000 yen.
I don't mind lending some money to you.
How much do I owe you?
I want you to play the guitar for me.
I want you to stay here longer.
I want you to read this English letter.
I want you to read this letter.
I may have told you this story before.
I want you to come at once.
I'd like you to go there.
I may have told you such a thing, but I don't remember it at all.
I will give you a notebook.
I mean you no harm.
I don't like your going there by yourself.
I owe everything to you.
I will keep nothing back from you.
I want to see you.
I recommend that you should buy a learner's dictionary.
I advise you to be punctual.
I can't let you talk about your own father that way.
I want you to see her.
I always had my eye on you.
I told him what I had told you.
I know your brother very well.
I don't need any bit of your charity.
I know your father very well.
I know your father.
I met your girlfriend.
I like you very much.
I couldn't but be irritated with you.
I am pleased with your present.
I am assured of your help.
I can't follow the course of your argument.
I don't object to your plan.
I am all ears to what you say.
I'm not so simple as to believe you.
I can't make heads or tails of what you say.
I know the person you are talking about.
I took your word for it.
I shall want an explanation of your behavior.
I'm very impressed by your work.
I'm thinking about you.
I don't quite know how it happened.
I like your car.
I need your help.
I can't be unconcerned about your future.
I can assure you of your success.
I may write a letter for you.
I have the same dictionary as your brother has.
I agree to your proposal.
I defer to your judgement.
I am fully convinced of your innocence.
I am tempted to doubt your friendship.
I cannot follow your theory.
I cannot follow your logic.
I am not more careful than you are.
I am not as interested in literature as you.
I'm looking forward to seeing you and your family.
I have ten more pens than you.
I'm much younger than you.
I'm taller than you.
I don't want to have you involved in the trouble.
I didn't want to bring you in.
I want to make you work harder.
I'll never fail you.
I'd better drive you home.
I can't help you. Do your assignment yourself.
I'll do whatever I can to help you.
I have confidence in you.
I caught sight of her in the crowd.
I have one elder brother and a younger sister.
I played tennis with my brother.
I went to the movies with my brother.
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
I came to Tokyo from Osaka counting on my brother's help.
I lent my coat to a friend of my brother.
I am not so diligent as my brother.
I went to the station to see my brother off.
I'm proud of my brother.
I cannot but give up my brother for lost.
I carefully explored the contract.
I saw Keiko playing tennis after school.
I am economically independent of my parents.
I am in financial difficulties.
I had to change my plans.
I didn't just make the plan, I carried it out.
I told the policeman what I knew.
I asked a policeman for directions.
I tried to get in touch with the police.
I was hit by the policeman.
I like light shoes.
I ate a light lunch.
I felt a light touch on my shoulder.
I work in the field of art.
I sat behind a very tall man in the theater.
I like to see comedy in the theater.
I met with my teacher in the theater.
I would have been shot.
I never give up.
I'll never let you down.
I am far from blaming you.
I never say what is not true.
I never try to go to there.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
I am anything but a liar.
I'll never do anything by halves.
I make it a rule never to eat between meals.
I adhered to my decision.
I'll never lose hope.
I make it a rule never to borrow money.
I never get seasick because I am used to traveling by boat.
I am by no means absent from this class because I am lazy.
I'm anything but bright.
I never eat meat.
I don't dislike him at all.
Never did I tell her that I loved her.
I'm very slow at making up my mind.
I took a picture at the decisive moment.
I can't tie a very good knot.
I failed after all.
I can hold my liquor.
That's fine with me.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
I'm married.
I consulted with my sister about my marriage.
I have low blood pressure.
I rent a room by the month.
I tried to imagine life on the moon.
I go to the movies once a month.
I go to the barber's once a month.
I go to Hiroshima three times a month.
I never fail to write to my mother once a month.
I am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
I study English on Monday and Friday.
I expect that I will see him on Monday.
I want to travel to the moon.
I invited Ken, Bill and Yumi.
I lent the record to Ken.
I asked Ken to help me.
I exercise because I want to stay healthy.
I want to live as long as I can stay in good health.
I am blessed with good health.
I gave up smoking for health.
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.
I take my health seriously.
I had a physical checkup.
I go to the same school as Kenji.
I want to put an end to the quarrel.
I call architecture frozen music.
I prepared for the game by training hard.
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.
I tried to stop their quarrel eagerly.
He had a gun on his person.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
I like dogs very much.
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
I gave the dog a bone, stopping its barking.
I feed meat to my dog.
I fed some meat to my dog.
I like a dog better than a cat, for the former is more faithful than the latter.
I like dogs better than cats, because the former are more faithful than the latter.
I don't like dogs.
I prefer cats to dogs.
I have a dog and two cats.
I keep a dog.
I saw a dog. The dog held a piece of meat in its mouth.
I made my dog lie down.
I tied my dog to the tree in the yard.
I went about with my dog.
I concentrated my effort on the study.
I have a stiff shoulder.
I felt myself touched on the shoulder.
I recognized her the moment I saw her.
I bought every book on Japan I could find.
When he saw me, he pretended to be asleep.
I looked around, but saw nobody.
I saw a stranger enter that house.
I saw a stranger steal into his house.
I've come to see the sights.
I have lost my key.
It seems that I have lost my keys.
I have lost the key.
I asked for the key and went upstairs to my room.
I broke down the door because I lost the key.
I forgot the key and went back for it.
I'm fine.
I am getting on well.
I was brought up under rigid discipline.
I'm very much in favor of cutting taxes.
I'm trying to lose weight.
I went up to the front door.
I heard the front doorbell ring.
I don't have any cash about me.
I must be content with my present salary.
I am content with my current position.
I went to the scene of the crime.
I must admit I don't like much contemporary music.
I really can't understand modern sculpture.
Modern art has no interest for me.
I only did as I was told.
I can convey my feelings in words.
I didn't know how to express myself.
I chose a word carefully.
I, for one, am for the plan.
I refused it for private reasons.
I, for one, don't like pictures like this.
I bid ten dollars for the old stove.
I bought an old lamp.
I have an old bicycle.
I traded in my old car for a new one.
I bought an old car.
I like my old brass tea pot.
I keep old books with care.
I saw an old friend of mine.
I traded old newspapers for toilet paper.
I'm very interested in classical literature.
I ran across a rare book in a secondhand bookstore.
I am bound to him by a close friendship.
I'm getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
I felt lonely.
I like to go to a cabin in the woods to enjoy solitude.
I put a new handle to the door.
I had the door mended.
I wrote a letter to my parents at home.
I swept up dead leaves.
I had my photo taken on the shore of the lake.
I aimed at the tiger and fired, but missed him.
I will finish the work in five days.
I have been studying English for five years.
I studied for a while in the afternoon.
I have been reading the book all afternoon.
I have been reading that book all afternoon.
I have been reading books all afternoon.
I am free this afternoon.
I spent the afternoon painting a picture.
I'm not free to go this afternoon.
I slept the whole afternoon away.
I arrived at the stadium at 4:00 p.m., but the game had already started.
I take a walk at two in the afternoon.
I'm going to leave about ten in the morning.
I'm on duty from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
I work hard in the garden in the morning.
I felt a bit tired from swimming all morning.
I have been writing letters all morning.
I've been vacuuming the rooms all morning.
I have been reading a book all morning.
I'll follow.
I'll join you later.
I was bidden to stay behind.
I chose to leave instead of staying behind.
I want to build up my vocabulary.
I gave the beggar what money I had.
I am no better than a beggar.
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
I explained to the host that I had been delayed by a traffic jam.
I met Ken at the park.
I found the lost ball in the park.
I saw him in the park.
I go to the park.
I like to go to the park and watch the children in the playground enjoying themselves.
I walk to the park.
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.
I went for a walk in the park.
I like going for a walk in the park.
I am not accustomed to making speeches in public.
I'm a government worker.
My tongue failed me.
I taste, eat and drink with my mouth.
I had hardly opened my mouth, when she interrupted me.
I'm more interested in spoken English.
I know the man sitting over there.
I like to decorate my apartment to suit my taste.
I went there out of curiosity.
I only asked you the question out of curiosity.
I took advantage of an opportunity.
I pointed to the factory.
I had the fortune to win the first prize in the speech contest.
I feel happy.
I realized how rare happy people were.
I had the luck to find a good job.
I was lucky enough to get a good seat.
I had the good fortune to succeed.
I had the good fortune to be chosen.
I lent the record to Ken, not to Koji.
I was too happy to sleep.
I looked back upon my happy school days.
I am far from happy.
I had a happy childhood.
I lead a happy life.
I want to live a happy life.
I will define happiness as this.
I have never been to Hiroshima.
I cannot pass the matter by without making a protest.
I read fifty pages further.
I had my purse stolen in the changing room.
I took on the job of proofreading.
I spoke to the principal himself.
I met the principal himself.
I don't mind.
I paid in coin.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I don't like either tea or coffee.
I want to drink a cup of tea.
I put Paul's name forward as a possible candidate.
I'd like to make it clear that I will not change my mind.
I guess I'll have to think it over.
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.
I didn't go but stayed.
I advise you not to go.
I didn't go, but stayed at home.
I don't have to go-I want to go.
I went there because I wanted to.
I don't think I want to go.
I didn't want to go, but she had been so kind to me that I couldn't but accept the invitation.
I consented to go.
I intended to go, but forgot to.
I am afraid to go.
I had no choice but to go.
I can not go, nor do I want to.
I cannot go. For one thing I have no money.
I can't go, nor do I want to.
I thought of various factors before I acted.
I need time to mull things over before I decide what to do.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I take my dog for a walk, rain or shine.
I am in the second year of high school.
I completed the whole high school curriculum.
I think I will go to London after finishing high school.
The last time I read classical Japanese literature was in high school.
I am in the first year of high school.
I'm a high school student.
I have a terror of heights.
I see much of Takaoka.
I had a high fever; otherwise I could have gone camping.
I have never been to the U.S.
I ran away from the training camp.
I can not feel at home in a luxurious hotel.
I passed a test in Japanese.
I have a black and a white coat.
I have a black and white dog.
I put on my glasses to see the blackboard.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
I am now on duty.
I feel like taking a bath now.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
I am in no humor for reading now.
I am not now in a position to help you.
I do not need money now.
I am playing the guitar now.
I will do it right now.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
I am about as big as my father now.
I have no remembrance of it now.
I still correspond with an old friend of mine from time to time.
I still think about her from time to time.
I still bear her name in mind.
I am learning her name still, too.
I was about to leave when you came in.
I am busy cooking at the moment.
I had to come to terms with my present salary.
I am not satisfied with my present lot.
I am not happy with my job.
I am playing volleyball now.
I do not play tennis as much as I used to.
I don't feel like going out right now.
I don't want to eat lunch now.
I am playing the piano now.
I am playing football now.
I am about to take my last voyage, a great leap in the dark.
I have been studying English for three years.
I've never associated you with this place.
I have read three Shakespearian works up to now.
Never have I seen such a peaceful sight.
Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
Never have I dreamed such a strange dream.
Never have I heard anyone say a thing like that.
I've read some hundred books so far.
I have been satisfied with my work so far.
Never in my life have I seen such a peaceful sight.
I'm proud to think that I have never yet been late to school.
I've never given anyone a Hermes scarf.
I am now under a doctor's care.
I am studying English now.
I don't smoke now, but I used to.
What am I to do now?
I'm free now.
I'm going to get my own way this time.
I got terrible grades this term.
I have hardly studied this term, so I'm going to study hard next term.
I haven't studied physics much all semester.
I'm on vacation.
I live in Kyoto now.
I'm at the airport now.
I have a slight headache now.
I have to reduce my expenses this month.
I am now in an old castle.
I am up to my neck in work.
I'm just beginning.
I am writing a letter now.
I am writing a letter.
I have been busy all this week.
I take a vacation this week.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
I'm flying to London for a business meeting this week.
I was told to learn this poem by heart by the end of this week.
I've got to do my homework now.
I just arrived now.
I rented a videotape this morning.
I saw Mr Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
I got up late this morning.
I slipped and hurt myself while I was clearing the road of snow this morning.
I got up at six this morning.
This morning I missed the 8:30 train by five minutes.
This morning I got up later than usual.
I've been waiting here for him since this morning.
I have had a slight fever since this morning.
I just got here this morning.
I was surprised at the news this morning.
I got up very late this morning.
Not until this morning did I learn the truth.
I have been working since six this morning.
I ate bread and butter this morning.
I was late again this morning, which made my boss angry.
I ran all the way to the station this morning.
I got to the station this morning.
I wasn't in time for school this morning.
I was late for school this morning.
I went to church this morning.
I took a walk with my dog this morning.
I've just eaten breakfast.
I arrived at Narita Airport this morning.
I met him early this morning.
I arrived here safely early this morning.
I reached Nagoya early this morning.
As I got the train this morning, I met an old friend of mine.
I have arrived here safe and sound this morning.
I tried to get up at six this morning.
I think I'll take the test this time.
I will have been studying English for five years next February.
I will have been studying for five years next February.
I must get this work finished by next Tuesday.
I am going to play tennis next Sunday.
I'll not be at home next Sunday.
I am now in a delicate position.
I got hurt today.
I bought many books today so I put them in order.
I'll abstain from going out today.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
I spent 100 dollars today.
I am to go there today.
I don't know much about today's revolutions.
I caught sight of George on my way home this afternoon.
I am taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
I don't think I will get through all this work this afternoon.
I was caught in a shower this afternoon.
I have nothing to do this afternoon.
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.
I'm going to see Mary this afternoon.
I am going to study English this afternoon.
I am going out this afternoon.
I will play with Naoko this afternoon.
I have a bad headache today.
I'm free today.
I have nothing more to do today.
I am free from work today.
I'm not busy today.
I was going to hand in my application form to the boss today, but he beat me to the punch.
I'm very busy today.
I didn't have lunch today.
I went shopping in town today.
I am in Tokyo today.
I saw him twice today.
I got a letter from her today.
I have to cook dinner today.
I promised him that I would come today.
I get only five days off this summer.
I am going abroad this summer.
I have had a bad report this year.
I have been abroad several times this year.
I feel like having some pizza tonight.
I will come to your party this evening.
I mean to be there this evening.
I am invited to dinner this evening.
I want to see baseball on television this evening.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
I am starting this evening.
I'll leave Tokyo for Osaka tonight.
I'll leave Tokyo tonight.
I can't think of his name just now.
I have no thought of seeing her now.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
I have caught a cold.
I have a cold now.
I am not studying now.
I am studying now.
I'm not busy now.
I'm now busy writing a book.
I am reading a book now.
I will be with you tonight.
I will catch up on my homework tonight.
Must I attend the party tonight?
I'm going out tonight, regardless.
I think I'll take a bath tonight.
I am supposed to babysit the children tonight.
I am due to speak tonight.
I am playing baseball.
I have nothing particular to say now.
Whenever I'm in trouble, I confer with him.
I am in trouble.
Can you help me out of my trouble?
I never turn my back on a friend in need.
I am confronted with a difficult problem.
I was embarrassed.
I am interested in the study of insects.
I am a career teacher.
I was invited to Sachiko's party.
I like Sachiko better.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I saw him again.
I am the fastest runner.
I spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest.
I have not felt well recently.
I've not been feeling very well lately.
I can't keep up with the recent British music scene.
I have been busy lately.
I have recently given up smoking.
I've been very busy lately.
I have a poor appetite these days.
I have seen him quite recently.
I haven't seen him lately.
I have not had a cold lately.
I believe the honest will win in the long run.
I watched for the last chance.
I am as happy as can be.
I caught the last bus.
I failed to catch the last bus, and came home by taxi.
I was late for the last bus.
I don't want to risk missing the last train of the day.
I was nervous at first, but gradually got more relaxed.
I knew that all along.
I couldn't understand him at first.
I couldn't recognize her at first.
I have an up-to-date dictionary.
I have a bicycle of the latest model.
I have to do my best.
I will try to do my best.
I resolved I would do my best.
I was unwilling for my wife to accept the invitation.
I could not accept that my wife was really dead.
I told my wife to get ready in a hurry.
I had my wife die.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I talked my wife out of buying a new carpet.
I'm old and not too well.
I know Mr. Saito by sight, but I haven't met him yet.
I confessed my sin.
I don't have much desire for wealth.
I seem to have lost my purse.
I had lost my purse, so I couldn't buy the cassette.
I left the keys with my wallet.
I left my purse behind.
I contrived to leave my wallet behind.
I come from Saitama.
I aim to be a writer.
I had my brother correct the errors in my composition.
I stopped playing baseball last season.
I received a letter written in English yesterday.
I received a letter in English yesterday.
I gave a speech at the wedding yesterday.
I read an article about acid rain yesterday.
I saw him beaten yesterday.
I stayed up late last night.
I profited 200,000 yen yesterday.
I worked more than eight hours yesterday.
I had some money stolen yesterday.
I have lived in Kobe since yesterday.
I have been busy since yesterday.
I have not been busy since yesterday.
I bought this camera yesterday.
I had to go there yesterday.
I went there yesterday.
I met Ben at the hotel yesterday.
I fixed the bike yesterday.
I fixed the car yesterday.
I went fishing in the river yesterday.
I bought the book yesterday.
I hoped to have finished it yesterday.
I saw an old film featuring Charlie Chaplin yesterday.
I did not play tennis yesterday.
I watched TV yesterday.
I played with Tony yesterday.
I called at Tony's house yesterday.
I visited Tony yesterday.
It was not until yesterday that I got the news.
It was not till yesterday that I knew the fact.
It was not until yesterday that I knew it.
It was not until yesterday that I learned the truth.
I watched TV at six last night.
I enjoyed myself at the party yesterday.
I ran across an old friend of mine at the party yesterday.
I unexpectedly met an old friend of mine on the bus yesterday.
I was home all day yesterday.
I left home without having breakfast yesterday.
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday.
I had to finish the work by yesterday.
I went to the park with Mary yesterday.
I met Mary yesterday.
I was obliged to go out yesterday.
I'm much better today than yesterday.
I turned in a paper yesterday.
I was in bed all day long yesterday.
I went to see the movies yesterday.
I met Tony on my way home yesterday.
I attended the meeting yesterday.
I had to make up for three other employees, who were laid off yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I went to school yesterday.
I was late for school yesterday.
I got my wallet stolen in the train yesterday.
I caught five fish yesterday.
Yesterday I ran across an old friend of mine at the airport.
I met him by accident at the airport yesterday.
I met your father yesterday.
I intended to have called on you yesterday.
I quarrelled with my older brother yesterday.
I saw Miss Smith in the theater yesterday.
I had never seen such an exciting rugby match as one I saw yesterday.
I went to the park yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from walking in the park.
I was happy yesterday.
I had to work overtime yesterday.
I was absent from work yesterday.
Having finished the work yesterday, I am free today.
I got a new battery put in my watch yesterday.
I lost my watch yesterday.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
I had my bicycle fixed yesterday.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.
I met him yesterday for the first time.
I wasn't born yesterday!
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
I got up early yesterday.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I was in Tokyo yesterday.
I arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I met him yesterday.
I met him yesterday, when he told me the news.
I called him up yesterday.
I helped him yesterday.
I paid him a visit yesterday.
I really regret what I said to her yesterday.
I passed by her house yesterday.
I received her letter yesterday.
He read a most interesting novel yesterday.
I was ill yesterday.
I had a strange dream last night.
I helped my father yesterday.
I caught a cold yesterday.
I didn't have to study yesterday.
I was busy yesterday.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
I went to see the baseball game yesterday.
I cooked supper last night.
I will never forget meeting that popular writer last year.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I remember being introduced to him at a party last year.
I started sailing last year.
I went to Vienna for the first time last year.
I retired last year.
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.
I listened to some CDs last night.
I seem to have misplaced my key last night.
I finished reading the book last night.
I stayed up till very late last night.
I listened to some records last night.
I met my teacher by accident at the restaurant last night.
I had a bad dream last night.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
I was harried by mosquitoes last night.
I was in trouble with the police last night.
I wrote three letters last night.
I watched the baseball game last night.
I stayed at home last night.
I sat up till late last night.
I had a funny dream last night.
I arrived here last night.
I enjoyed watching soccer last night.
I spent two hours watching a baseball game on TV last night.
Last night I fell asleep with television on.
I watched TV last night.
I'd rather have gone to the concert last night.
I did not sleep well last night.
I slept comfortably last night.
I had my bicycle stolen last night.
I had my car stolen last night.
I wrote a letter last night.
I caught up on all my homework last night.
I got acquainted with him last night.
I had a good dream last night.
I painted the fence green.
I am a citizen of Sapporo.
I read about the singer in a magazine, too.
I am reading a magazine.
When I wash dishes, I am all thumbs.
I had no more than three pounds.
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina.
I must go to the station at three o'clock.
I will stay here till three o'clock.
I reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance.
I found my father's diary which he kept for 30 years.
I am the tallest of the three.
I read it in the magazine three days ago.
I lived in Japan three years ago.
I lost my umbrella.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
I didn't need to take an umbrella with me.
I go to the mountain.
I climb mountains because they are there.
I like to walk in the mountains.
I like climbing mountains.
I saw a chain of mountains.
I felt ready to give in because of my miserable failure.
I got my hair cut.
I had my hair cut at the barber's.
I like walking, especially in the morning.
I like taking a walk.
I don't even have time for a walk.
I have no mind to go for a walk.
I was told to wait for a while.
I have come to see you on business.
I come into contact with all kinds of people in my work.
I'm busy with the work all the time.
I just flew in on business.
I'm very tired from work.
I was abroad on an assignment.
I was out of town on an assignment.
I was tired with the work.
I was exhausted from work.
I'm busy with work.
I don't like to mix business with pleasure.
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.
I must go about my work.
I'm satisfied with my work.
I'm serious about my job.
I work hard and play hard.
I put my family before my career.
I always feel pleased when I've finished a piece of work.
I continued to work all morning.
I still have a lot of work to do.
I got through with my work just now.
I check off each task on my list as soon as I complete it.
I will endeavor to complete my task.
I had to hurry the work.
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.
Having finished the work, I went to the coffee shop for a rest.
I made an effort to finish my work.
I did the whole of the work by myself.
I carried on my work.
I'm looking for work.
I considered changing my job, but in the end I decided not to.
I do not like anyone to intrude when I am working.
I had an accident at work.
I thought only Japanese were workaholics.
I was compelled to hold a strap.
I have to part with my old furniture.
I put the used syringes in a can for safe disposal.
I discharged one of my servants.
I can't stand raw fish.
I took the lift to the third floor.
I like summer best of the four seasons.
I am from Shikoku.
I said all along that he was not a person to be trusted, but you would not listen to me.
You are in my thoughts at all times.
I made an early start in order to catch the first bus.
I board the train at the terminal.
I got up early so that I might be in time for the first train.
I must catch the first train.
I was in a great hurry to take the first train.
I had wanted to catch the first train.
I saw my sister tear up the letter.
I want the same watch as my sister has.
I hope that my sister will pass the entrance examination.
I went to the zoo with my sister.
I cooperated with my sister in cleaning the room.
I was helped to do my homework by my sister.
I turned to my sister for a piece of advice.
I consulted with my sister.
I'm going off to Vancouver next week to see my sister.
I am less slender than my sister is.
I have more dresses than my sister.
I don't know both of the sisters.
I objected to being treated like a child.
I couldn't eat fish when I was a child.
I left my baby in her care and went shopping.
I don't like being treated like a child.
I can't make a decision on the spot. I'll have to talk to my boss first.
I don't have any children.
I think it dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.
I heard the children singing together.
I told an amusing story to the children.
I bought the book which the children need.
I have to think of her name at once.
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.
I used to go fishing in the river when I was a child.
As a boy, I used to go fishing.
I used to like walking in the rain when I was a child.
When I was a kid, I dreamed of becoming a star like Seiko Matsuda.
I have known Tom since I was a little boy.
I have been fond of adventure since I was a child.
I was a healthy child.
I'm proud of having run fast as a boy.
I loved reading when I was a child.
I could swim well even when I was a boy.
I could swim well when I was a boy.
I have known him ever since he was a child.
When I was a little boy, I often went fishing with my brother in the river.
I have lived here since I was a boy.
When I was a kid, I was all thumbs.
I went to church every Sunday when I was a boy.
I am greatly blessed in my children.
I saw the children walk across the street.
I supplied the children with necessary books.
I have to think of my children.
I remonstrated with him about his treatment of his children.
I cannot tolerate noisy children.
I bought three apples and two bunches of grapes for dessert at the market.
I bought this old clock at an antique stall in the market.
I have been acquainted with the mayor for more than twenty years.
I addressed a petition to the mayor.
I ran for the mayor.
I borrow them from the city library.
I will work to the best of my ability.
I was amazed at the unexpected result.
I mustered up my courage and went there.
I took it upon myself to telephone the police.
I chanced talking to her.
I dare not speak to her.
I was able to finish the work earlier than I had expected.
I wept in spite of myself.
I burst out laughing in spite of myself.
I ran a splinter into my finger.
I had no feeling in my fingers.
I burned my fingertip.
I had to finish the job by the stated date.
I have no idea what death is like.
I want to die, but I cannot.
It was his narrative that bored me to death.
I will fight to the last breath.
I worked as if there were no tomorrow.
I will abolish capital punishment.
I am not keen on anything that is after life.
I thought that we would be good friends from the beginning.
I was led to the conclusion that we made a fatal mistake.
I think it important that we should keep calm.
I am the tallest in our class.
I didn't say anything at all about our plan.
I saved for future needs a little money as our marriage fund.
I know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine.
I've spent almost all my money.
I'm looking for my camera.
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.
I am proud of my pretty cat.
I claimed my baggage.
I couldn't make myself understood.
It is interesting for me to read my old diary.
I viewed my action as a crime.
I viewed my action in the light of a crime.
I don't have much in common with my left-handed boyfriend.
I hear with my ears.
I'm doing my homework.
I made my son a doctor.
I think with my head.
I smell with my nose.
I was not as strong as my father.
I see with my eyes.
I am loved by my parents.
I asked the villagers many times to let me die.
I was annoyed with him for keeping me waiting.
I doubt if anyone even remembers his name now, except for me.
I want to improve myself.
I am going to write about our parks and mountains.
We did it ourselves.
I put down his address on paper.
I wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper.
I cut the paper with a pair of scissors.
I am quite healthy and have had no cold.
I have weak sight.
I have an inclination for poetry.
I like poets, such as Takuboku.
I would like to try this dress on.
I tried climbing the mountain.
I tried standing on my head.
I made several mistakes in the exam.
I was happy to pass the exam.
I passed the exam and so did Tom.
I will do my best to pass the examination.
I exerted myself to pass the examination.
I am studying hard so that I can pass the exam.
I failed the exam.
I studied hard in order to pass the examination.
I studied hard so that I could pass the examination.
I am anxious about the results of the examination.
I ran through the textbook once more before the examination.
I have to have an interview before taking the examination.
I stayed up late preparing for the examination.
I must prepare for the exam.
I am going to apply for a scholarship.
I keep a female cat.
I remember reading about a dog that had eaten its owner.
Need I go to the dentist's?
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.
I've been to the dentist's.
I must postpone going to the dentist.
I am going to ascertain the truth of the matter.
I turned over the business to my son.
I was late for school on account of an accident.
I was late on account of an accident.
I ask these questions by way of finding out the cause of the accident.
I was called out to the scene of the accident.
I blamed him for the accident.
I know it for a fact.
I made the fact known to all my friends.
Circumstances did not permit me to help you.
I called for Mr Stone at the office.
I was given the task of cleaning the office.
I can give you several instances.
I don't have any money on hand.
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.
I was thrown out of the house bag and baggage.
I sold the best jewel that I had.
I meet him at school now and then.
I rarely go to the movies.
I am out of time.
I hired a boat by the hour.
I failed to go there in time.
I did not reach school in time.
I've got time on my hands.
I'm paid by the hour.
I make a point of being punctual.
I found my watch broken.
I checked the time on the clock.
I used much money for the repair of a clock.
I advanced the hands on the clock.
I must put my watch forward two minutes.
I am going to have my watch repaired by John.
I lost my watch, so I have to buy one.
I have lost my watch.
I bought a watch with cash.
I had my watch fixed.
I had my watch repaired.
I put my watch in for repair.
I had my watch stolen.
I bought a watch, and I lost it the day after.
I bought a watch.
I bought a watch and I lost it the next day.
I lost my watch.
I looked up the arrival time in the timetable.
I sometimes escape from my office and have a cup of coffee.
I sometimes wrote him a very long letter.
At times I confuse curve with carve.
I meet him at the club from time to time.
I sometimes skate.
I play tennis once in a while.
I sometimes use scissors as a can opener.
I sometimes enjoy my leisure in fishing.
I have occasional pains in the stomach.
I would sometimes travel abroad alone.
I go to the movies once in a while.
I'm sometimes in a bad temper.
I sometimes dream of home.
I fall asleep in the class every now and then.
I sometimes get uneasy about the future.
I go to the library from time to time.
I like to ride a horse now and then.
I meet him from time to time.
I call on him sometimes.
I sometimes play tennis with her.
I visit my friend's house at intervals.
I sometimes cook dinner.
I sometimes talk to my neighbor across the fence.
I read three kind of newspapers in order to keep abreast with the times.
I make it a rule to read the newspaper every day lest I should fall behind the times.
I meet her at school now and then.
I can run at the rate of fifty miles an hour.
I read a newspaper every day so that I may keep up with the time.
I read books and magazines to keep up with the times.
I went to the theater to see a period drama.
I read newspapers in order to keep up with the times.
I am having trouble with one thing after another.
I am forever in trouble.
I don't know what to do next.
I asked my teacher what to do next.
I was at a loss what to do next.
I was puzzled about what to do next.
I was embarrassed when he talked to me.
I will take the next plane for New York.
I must get off at the next station.
I am getting off at the next station.
I'm getting off at the next station.
I will be seeing the doctor again next Friday.
I am busy preparing for the next exam.
I'm getting off at the next stop.
I turned page after page.
I was all ears.
I listened but could not hear any sound.
My ears sometimes ring.
I didn't say such a thing of my own will.
I can't help loving my country.
I want to have my own room.
I'm used to cooking for myself.
I found my bicycle gone.
When I fell off my bicycle, I couldn't get up for a few minutes.
I go to school by bicycle.
I must ride a bicycle.
I got on a bicycle and chased after the thief.
I want to ride a bicycle, because I live far from my school.
I can ride a bicycle.
I oiled my bicycle.
I don't have a bicycle, let alone a car.
I have a bicycle.
I got my bicycle repaired.
I must have my bicycle repaired.
I had my bicycle stolen.
I must have my car fixed in a few days.
I held the party at my own expense.
I know that I am a good teacher.
I don't have to apologize for what I said.
I'm very proud of the job I chose myself.
I have no regrets about what I did.
I found myself bored by the book.
I'm sure of winning the championship.
I am proud of being a doctor.
I know what a lucky boy I am.
I like to think I know what I'm talking about.
I find it necessary to be able to say what I feel.
I count myself lucky in having good health.
I hope I am very efficient.
I can prove that I am right.
I am convinced that I am right.
I believe I am in the right.
I don't know the exact place I was born.
I realized that what I had chosen didn't really interest me.
I want to finish the work on my own.
I have to go there myself.
I'm going to work out the problem by myself.
I'm learning to sew so that I can make myself a dress.
I myself was not conscious of it, but I may have been jealous of his success.
I hope to find a job of my own choosing.
I wondered if I could do such a thing.
I can only speak for myself.
I have no regrets for what I have done.
I'm sorry for what I have done.
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I did so for the sake of my health.
I was ashamed of my behavior.
I lay on my bed.
I'm interested in creating my own web pages.
I was wary of showing my intentions.
I will have my own way.
I decided on telling her of my love.
I told a lie against my will.
I did it against my will.
I made known my intentions to my parents.
I have no great belief in my doctor.
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.
I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.
I could not stand my house being torn down.
I long to experience the food and culture of my home.
I have already packed my things.
I acknowledge my mistake.
I can't convey my feelings in words.
I'm sorry about my mistake.
I came to regret my mistake.
I want to make it clear that I have not changed my mind.
I had complete mastery over my feeling.
I'm not good at expressing my feelings.
I cannot help laughing at my folly.
I accommodated my plan to those new circumstances.
I wrote to inform him of my decision.
I gave my old clothes for the flea market sale.
I feel abashed at my mistake.
I admit my mistake.
It is hard for me to put my thoughts into words.
I'll try to shape my ideas into a book.
I entrusted my property to the lawyer.
I can tell my umbrella from the others.
I am very pleased with my job.
I am tired of my work.
I lost interest in my work.
I am content with my job.
I have little, if any time that I can call my own.
I took it for granted that my watch kept the correct time.
I had my bicycle fixed by my brother.
I like to have my dictionary within easy reach.
I prefer to travel in my car.
I like going on trips in my car.
I made a good profit by selling my car.
I compared my car with his.
I dreaded his reply to my letter.
I thought over my future.
I want to have a talk with him about my future.
I'm not entirely satisfied with my position.
I am not so foolish as to quarrel with my bread and butter.
I felt my heart beating wildly.
I loved my life and my money.
I remember the house where I grew up.
I am deeply attached to my hometown.
I've got to earn my own living.
I was ushered to my seat.
I am ashamed of my son's conduct.
He is proud of his son.
I am content with my circumstances.
I looked at my bank account book, and happily discovered that I had an extra $50!
I boldly painted my answer.
I was full of shame at my rudeness.
In my room, I can listen to my favorite singer to my heart's content.
I am studying English in my room.
I have to clean my room.
I will sweep out my room.
I've spent the entire morning cleaning my room.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
I quoted some famous phrases in my book.
I could hear my name called.
I was surprised to hear my name called.
I found my name written on the blackboard.
I felt that my honor was at stake.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
I will carry out my aims.
I was wary of showing my intention.
I lost sight of my friends.
I am determined to spend my lifetime pursuing my ideals.
I am not all too certain of my position.
I cannot solve the problem on my own.
I will study abroad for myself.
I identified myself with the gangsters in the film.
To defend myself, I had to tell a lie.
I am very proud of the job I chose myself.
I am occupied with my own affairs.
I live my life for the sake of myself.
I have a lot of money at my disposal.
I'd like to see the Statue of Liberty.
I searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary.
I looked up the words in my dictionary.
I cannot do without a dictionary.
I have no shortage of dictionaries.
I have gathered examples with the object of making a dictionary.
I have no intention of resigning.
He handed in his resignation.
I had an excellent breakfast at seven.
I left home at seven.
I will eat supper at seven.
I must work hard to make up for lost time.
I made up for lost time.
I know nothing concerning the lost letter.
I am out of work.
Though I failed, I will try again.
I will answer for the failure.
I accounted for the failure.
I took the liberty of calling him by his first name.
I'd rather go out than stay indoors.
I can't stand humidity.
I had some questions and raised my hand.
I find no shame in asking questions.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
I can't make out in the business world.
I don't really care for that sort of thing.
I did not take many photos.
I had my photograph taken.
I attended the party with the intention of taking some pictures.
I'm fond of taking pictures.
I am interested in taking pictures.
I illustrated his biography with some pictures.
I have an interest in photography.
I'm very interested in social studies.
I'm majoring in sociology.
I want to see the director of the company.
I asked my boss for a pay increase.
I watched the car disappearing slowly around the corner.
I am fond of cars.
I reported the theft of my car to the police.
I go to church by car.
I go to the office by car, and I try to leave home as early as I can so that I can avoid the traffic jams.
I prefer walking to riding.
I turned right.
I know how to drive a car.
I do not know how to drive a car.
I tried to shut out the noise of the traffic, but it was of no avail.
I want to drive.
I caught a glimpse of the phantom sitting behind the wheel.
Whenever I drive, I fasten my seat belt to protect myself.
I am able to drive a car.
I can drive a car, but Tom can't.
I don't have a car.
I don't have a car, but my sister does.
I must have my car repaired.
I am very tired from a long drive.
I had my car stolen.
I decided to buy a car.
I will buy a car.
I didn't feel like buying a car.
I have enough money to buy a car.
I came out of the garage and walked to the truck.
I watched from the garage window, amazed at what I saw.
I rented a house with a garage.
I have a horror of snakes.
I'm not in the least afraid of snakes.
The snake bit me in the leg.
I don't like to be disturbed.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
I just went into debt.
I must repay the debt.
When I was young, I was living from hand to mouth.
I left home when I was young.
When I was young, I would often watch baseball.
I did smoke when I was young.
I traveled abroad twice in my youth.
I often played soccer when I was young.
I often played tennis when I was young.
I often played baseball when I was young.
I used to play tennis as a young student.
I have been a lover of sports since I was young.
I read a lot of books in my youth; I am a scholar in my own way.
I would go to the mountains when young.
I regret not having worked hard in my youth.
I regret having been idle in my youth.
In my youth we used to float down the river on a raft.
I worked on Mr Wood's farm when I was young.
I don't agree to a young lady going there alone.
I put down what I thought was useful to young men.
I was young, and I wanted to live.
My husband and I are calling it quits.
I am a housewife.
I don't like to be made a fuss about.
I felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast.
I felt my hands tremble.
I have a dictionary in my hand.
I save what money I got.
I have a book in my hand.
I don't have any good reference book at hand.
I led him by the hand.
I tried to persuade him by all possible means.
To make sure that I said all the right things in the letter.
I make a point of writing an answer as soon as I get a letter.
I remember that a letter is sent.
I wrote a letter.
I'm writing a letter.
I am not writing a letter.
Do I have to write a letter?
I finished writing a letter.
I am going to write a letter.
I don't remember posting the letter.
I have a little money with me.
I was relieved to know that the operation was a success.
I bought a pair of gloves.
I felt my way to the door.
Will you please help me?
I bought him a drink in return for his help.
I want to be a magician.
I collect stamps as a hobby.
The spirits muddled my brain.
I neither smoke nor drink.
I mean to stop drinking.
I don't drink alcohol.
I don't care for alcoholic drink.
I shook my head.
I succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
I succeeded in the recovery of the stolen wallet.
I don't know whether to accept or refuse.
I will devote myself to studying for the entrance exams.
I put the receiver to my ear.
I ordered sushi, and John tempura.
I hurried out so as to be in time for class.
I went to sleep during the lesson.
I had a hard time making both ends meet.
I've lost my religious faith.
I am looking forward very much to the school excursion.
I turned the table upside down to fix it.
I like autumn best.
I'm going to Paris in the fall.
I prefer spring to autumn.
I like spring better than fall.
I missed the last bus, and was obliged to walk home in the rain.
I was late for the last train.
I spent the whole day reading a novel.
I work out in a gym two or three times a week.
I jog twice a week.
I visit my grandparents twice a week.
I visit my grandmother twice a week.
I meet her once a week.
I'll be going shopping in the latter part of the week.
I bought a weekly magazine.
I'm going to Izu over the weekend.
I never work on weekends.
I enjoyed playing tennis over the weekend.
I have a lot of work to finish up before the end of the week.
I have lots of work to clear up by the weekend.
I am going to spend the weekend in Kanazawa.
I spent the weekend reading a long novel.
I am going to spend the weekend in Tokyo.
I suffered from my mortgage loan.
I hadn't seen for ten years.
I took to drinking when I was eighteen.
I had a good sleep.
I have enjoyed myself to the full.
I accepted the offer after due consideration.
I am sixteen years old.
I like to sleep on a soft bed.
I dragged the heavy baggage to the airport.
I made a serious mistake.
I am charged with an important mission.
I'm in debt to my uncle for $10,000.
I was given a camera by my uncle.
I spent a week at my uncle's.
I am living with my uncle.
I respect my uncle, so I named my first son John after him.
I came across my aunt in Europe.
We found a room at the inn.
I don't like homework.
I watch TV after I finish my homework.
I'm busy with my homework.
I am tired of homework.
I fell asleep while I was doing my homework.
I was tired from doing my homework.
I haven't finished all my homework yet.
Having done my homework, I watched television.
It took me three hours to do my homework.
I have no time to do my homework.
Having done my homework, I watched the baseball game on television.
I've finished my homework.
I read the book after I had finished my homework.
I was unable to finish my homework.
I want to rest a little because all the homework is finished.
I have finished my assignment.
As for me, I don't want to go out.
I'm going to start.
I'm taking off. See you tomorrow.
I am going to start.
I am ready to start.
I work for a firm of publishers.
I translated the poem as best I could.
I will try to avoid tunnels as much as possible.
I kept as quiet as possible.
I put up with her as long as I could.
I do not like spring.
I'm longing for the spring.
I am going to do odd jobs during the spring vacation.
I am going to work during the spring vacation.
I was wrong all along.
I saw a koala for the first time.
I skied for the first time.
I saw the mountain for the first time.
I visited New York for the first time.
I came to Japan for the first time.
I ate Japanese food for the first time.
I met him for the first time.
At first I did not like him, but now I do.
I wasn't able to believe him at first.
We met at the designated spot.
I am very sensitive to heat.
I was used to the heat.
I can't stand the heat.
I was affected by the heat.
I couldn't sleep because of the heat.
I'm in charge of the book department.
I attached my signature to the document.
I've deposited the papers with him.
I don't know every one of you.
I need someone to help me.
I have no friends to help me.
I have not asked for help, nor do I desire it.
I heard a call for help.
I am looking for an assistant.
I like lyric better than epic.
I saw the girls pick the wild flowers.
I have never fallen in love with any girl.
I like girls to be cheerful.
I intend seeing the queen.
I remember I saw the queen.
I certainly don't subscribe to the view that women are necessarily more moral than men.
I heard a woman scream.
Woman as I am, I shall stand up against any social injustice.
I am weak as regards to girls.
I'll be happy whether I win or lose.
I work for a trading company.
I had to see someone on business.
I took over the business from Father.
I gather information about the quality of goods.
I have a business visa.
I sat for a scholarship.
I'm fond of playing shogi.
I play shogi a little.
I would like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
I would like to be a pilot in the future.
I want to become a TV announcer in the future.
I feel hopeful about the future.
I am anxious about the future.
I thought about the future.
I want to become a doctor in the future.
I hope I will become a dentist in the future.
I don't know what is in store for me in the future.
I will have to take over Father's business in the future.
I will look after my parents in the future.
I used to like chocolate when I was small.
I used to wet the bed when I was small, but I grew out of it by the time I was seven.
I warned little Mary to leave the kerosene heater alone.
I heard a little girl crying.
I live in a small town.
I propose a short rest.
I am short of pocket money.
I was absorbed in reading a novel.
I stayed home all day long reading novels.
I met a novelist and a poet.
I crossed the river by boat.
I have no small change on me.
I felt a little scared.
I want a little money.
I have some money.
I was mildly disappointed.
I have few books.
I think you should hold your horses a little.
I have some pens.
I'm not hungry at all.
I do not doubt it in the least.
I can't swim at all.
I don't care a rap.
I'm not in the least worried.
I'm not a bit tired.
I can speak English a little.
I was a little surprised.
I am a bit drunk.
I speak a little Japanese.
I had a little fever, I felt my heart beat violently.
Please tell her I'll come after I do some shopping.
I'm a little tired.
I'm a bit tired.
I have a few books.
I viewed the picture at a distance.
I gave him what little money I had with me.
I was not a little disappointed.
I was not a little annoyed.
I go to the library at least once a week.
I should finish my homework at least by Monday.
I became friends with at least 10 Americans.
I read at least one book every month.
I heard the girl crying for help.
I learned to tap dance when I was a young girl.
I'm no quitter.
I forgave the boy for stealing the money from the safe.
I heard the boys singing.
I met a boy, who showed me the way to this hall.
I used to come to this beach when I was a boy.
I spoke to the boy, who seemed to be older than the girl.
When I was a boy, I often read a book in bed.
I caught sight of the boy.
I know some of the boys.
I felt the floor shake.
I polished up the floor and furniture.
Even after I went to bed, I was conscious of the voices in the parlor.
I spilled egg on the floor.
I sucked up the dust on the floor with a vacuum cleaner.
I intend to go to the barbershop.
I go to any party I am invited to.
I addressed the envelope containing the invitation.
I received an invitation.
I had to compete with him for promotion.
I'm anxious for a promotion.
I was born and brought up in Matsuyama.
The art of recognizing matsutake mushrooms became my passion, culminating in my writing a book on it.
I could not subdue the desire to laugh.
I could hardly resist laughing.
I laughed.
I cannot help laughing.
I tried not to laugh.
I could not but laugh.
I don't want to be laughed at.
I work for a stock company.
I am not in a position to testify.
I was in good spirits.
I'll discuss the matter with my boss.
I bow to the boss in greeting, and he returns my bow with a nod.
I briefed my boss on the new project.
I can swim well.
I know a girl who speaks English well.
I gave my coat a brush.
I put my coat on inside out.
I changed trains at Ueno Station.
I prefer walking to being carried in a vehicle.
I went aboard.
I experienced horse riding.
I am in no mood for joking.
I'm very fond of joking.
I like to go to a local jazz club where I can enjoy live music.
I always place a high value on knowledge.
I accept the proposal with reservations.
I made it plain that the situation was unfavourable to us.
I like a garden tree.
I considered changing my job.
I live an hour away from work.
He placed the order over the phone after he got to his workplace.
I have to discharge my duty.
I make it a rule not to eat too much, for it is plain that overeating is bad for the health.
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
I had hardly started to eat when I noticed that she was crying.
I should have starved to death for want of food.
I'm not very particular about food.
I'm washing the dishes.
I don't always brush my teeth after I eat.
I cleared the table.
Do I have to change my diet?
I am not one of those who go in for dieting.
I heard my name called in the cafeteria.
I collect every bit of information about food.
I have a good appetite.
I have a poor appetite.
I'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death.
I bit my lip.
I looked for a place in which to sleep.
I make it a point to shine my shoes before I go to bed.
I forgot to turn off the TV before going to bed.
I make it a rule to brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I always brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I wrote five letters before I went to bed.
I make it a rule to read before going to bed.
I have three alarm clocks so as not to oversleep.
I overslept.
I overslept and was not able to catch the bus.
I bought lace curtains for my bedroom window.
I share a bedroom with my sister.
I overslept and consequently couldn't join them.
I slept late and I missed the first train.
I wish you happiness from the bottom of my heart.
I received a warm welcome.
I have a good idea in my mind.
I love this job from the bottom of my heart.
I enjoyed the music to my heart's content.
I felt my heart beating violently.
I felt my heart beat violently.
I think that Shintaro speaks English well.
I want a new oven.
I got a new camera.
I want to buy a new camera.
I'm getting along well with my new classmates.
I would like to buy a new coat at that department store.
I want to buy a new computer.
I want a new tennis racket.
I bought a new television.
I bought a new bag.
I bought a new sewing machine.
I'm pleased with my new underwear.
I am pleased with my new house.
I am very pleased with my new house.
I built a new house.
I can easily get lost in a new environment.
I am slow to adapt myself to new circumstances.
I need to buy new spectacle frames.
He is pleased with his new shoes.
I got a pair of new shoes.
I argued with him about the new plan.
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.
I have a mind to buy a new car.
I left my new pair of gloves in the library.
I am very much pleased with my new maid.
I am engaged in a new business.
I'm pleased with my new jacket.
I'm pleased with my new bathing suit.
I must buy a new winter coat.
I bought a new suit of clothes.
I had a new suit made.
I have lost my new fountain pen.
I have not spoken to our new neighbors; I simply know them by sight.
I am really pleased with my new car.
I can't afford a new car.
I'm saving up to buy a new car.
I am going to buy a new car.
I bought a new car.
I got into a taxi outside Shinjuku Station.
I am a new student.
I've got a new word processor.
I read about the accident in the newspaper.
I read about him in the newspaper.
I read about his death in the paper.
I advertised my house in the newspaper.
I put an advertisement for the new publications in the newspaper.
I've advertised my house in the newspaper.
I subscribe to two newspapers.
I threw down the newspaper.
I didn't know about it until I read the paper.
I tore the paper into pieces.
I lost my way in the woods.
I caught sight of the rabbit in the middle of the forest.
I like taking a walk in the forest.
I lost my way in the forest.
I lean toward accepting the proposal.
I was watching the red sun sinking in the west.
I told it to my mother first and foremost.
I wanted to meet a really mature woman.
I found out the truth.
I believe it right to tell the truth.
I know the truth.
I heard a strange sound in the dead of night.
I do not believe in the existence of God.
I believe in God.
I went to Kobe, where I first met her.
I'd like to live in the suburbs of Kobe.
I'm economically independent of my parents.
I have been deceived by the man who I thought was my best friend.
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor.
I saw a stranger standing at the door.
I love Korean food because of the hot spices.
I don't care too much for hot food.
I am at the end of my patience.
I'm against people driving big cars.
I caught sight of an old acquaintance in the middle of the crowd.
I can recognize him even in a crowd.
I caught sight of an old friend of mine in the crowd.
I all but lost you in the crowd.
I was lost in the crowd.
I lost him among the crowd.
I am not a woman with strange humors.
I attach little importance to a person's appearance.
I was insulted in front of other people.
I am not very good at sizing people up quickly.
I think it possible for man to live on the moon.
I like him personally, but don't respect him as a doctor.
I don't agree with violation of human rights.
I felt thoroughly lost in the crowded Ginza.
I glimpsed the girl among the crowd.
I lost sight of her in the crowd.
I thrust my way through the crowd.
I made my way through the crowd.
I caught a glimpse of him in the crowd.
I don't agree with segregation of people by race.
I want to better understand what the meaning of life is.
I want to devote my life to education.
I'm not used to making speeches in public.
I was made to sing in public.
I can't stand being laughed at in public.
I am not accustomed to making a speech in public.
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.
I dislike speaking in public.
I'm not used to speaking in public.
I make a point of judging a man by his personality.
I borrowed the book from the library, but I haven't read much of it yet.
I went to the library, but I'm afraid it was closed.
I have read every book in the library.
I told the librarian that I needed the book for a report due on Friday; so she said she would call it in.
On my way to the library I met my friend.
I have been to the library.
Detective stories hold a special attraction for me.
I like reading mysteries.
I baptize with water.
I am poor at swimming.
I like swimming.
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.
I am very tired from swimming.
I thought I was a fairly good swimmer.
I like skiing much better than swimming.
I will enter the swim meet.
I belong to the swimming club.
I'm a member of the swimming club.
I like the picture painted in water colors.
I'm all thumbs in the kitchen.
I took up squash only a few months ago.
I met him several times.
I like math least of all.
I am weak in math.
I like maths.
I don't like math, much less physics.
I am weak in mathematics.
I study math very well.
I found it very difficult to come up to him in mathematics.
I am inferior to him in mathematics.
I am satisfied with the result of my math test.
I am out of my element in math.
I'm not good at math, so I can't solve this question.
I like mathematics, chemistry and the like.
I like English better than I like mathematics.
I study math harder than English.
I study math harder than you do.
I didn't study math at all.
I study math as hard as English.
I don't study math as hard as English.
I want to study math.
I need to study math.
I have lived a life of a puppet of fortune.
I'm taking a couple of days off.
I hope to get away from Tokyo for a few days.
I'll be visiting Japan again in a few years.
I began playing golf years ago.
I had forgotten that I had met her several years ago.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
I want to fly more than anything else in the world.
I am interested in old cities in the world.
I'd like to travel around the world.
I travel to all parts of the globe.
I want to travel all over the world.
I am eager to be present at the party.
I want to execute the plan by all means.
I thought that I should succeed.
I intended to succeed.
I intended to have succeeded.
I intended to succeed, but I could not.
There is little hope of my success.
I am sure of succeeding.
I made efforts to improve my grades.
I long for the day when I can meet him at Narita Airport.
I'm not concerned with politics.
I have a keen interest in politics.
I abhor politics.
I don't agree with the government's policy on education.
I will do whatever I think is right.
I'm not sure of the exact date.
I have lunch at noon.
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.
I'm an honest person.
I think that honesty is the best policy.
I am going to take a big chance by migrating to South America.
I don't want to eat a live lobster.
I'll never see him again as long as I live.
I've never seen a live whale.
I'll support you as long as I live.
I'll work as long as I live.
I am an optimist by nature.
I have never drawn anything in my life.
I have lived on this block, and next to the same neighbor, all my life.
I visited Rome for the first time in my life.
I took an airplane for the first time in my life.
I am natural born master.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
I'll live on welfare.
I asked him many questions about ecology.
I inspired my students to work harder.
I'm not a student.
I saw the students cleaning their classroom after school.
I was in danger of losing my life.
I have life insurance.
I love the taste of watermelon.
By God, I never tell a lie.
I like blue best of all colors.
I remember reading the book three times when I was young.
I was enjoying the serenity.
I am from Shizuoka.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I paid $200 in taxes.
I walked through the cars of the train to find a seat.
I don't care what you were.
I am free of past guilt.
I'm not what I used to be.
I'm not as healthy as I used to be.
I tripped on a stone, twisting my ankle.
I tripped over a stone and fell to the ground.
I work for an oil company.
I bought a red sports car.
I like red roses.
I like white roses better than red ones.
I saw a house whose roof was red.
I wanted red shoes.
I saw a red car and a white one; the red one was nicer looking than the other.
I have a new red car.
I walked on tiptoes so as not to wake the baby.
I cannot help smiling at babies.
I like white wine better than red.
I told my baby that she was very wonderful.
I had the porter carry my suitcase.
I have no knife to cut with.
I have a large collection of stamps.
I need to get a stamp.
I've just been to the post office to buy some stamps.
I've lost my ticket.
I had no money to buy the ticket.
I don't care if it snows.
I build snowmen and snow huts.
I am constantly forgetting people's names.
I am the last to believe such a thing.
There's no way we're going to do that.
I wouldn't ever want to cross him.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I visited Matsushima.
I will go on ahead.
I had my driver's license renewed last month.
I went to Los Angeles on vacation last month.
I changed my address last month.
I haven't seen her since last month.
I was in London last month.
I worked hard last month.
I didn't go to school last month.
I bought a new computer last month.
I caught a cold last month.
I saw my old classmate last week. She's as boring as ever.
I stayed with my uncle last week.
I lost my way here last week.
I forgot that the daylight saving time ended last week.
I had intended to visit the temple last week.
I saw her a week ago today.
I have been ill in bed since last Friday.
I met him this day last week, that is, the 25th of June.
I went to the park last Saturday.
My boss made me work last Sunday.
I caught a bad cold last week.
I had a tooth pulled out last week.
I saw grandfather last week.
I took a trip to Nikko last week.
I saw him last week.
I paid him the money last week.
I saw her last week.
I wasn't busy last week.
I carefully took down everything that my teacher said.
I am a teacher.
I am not a teacher.
I tried to keep my teacher at a distance.
I prefer to be looked upon as a teacher.
I hid myself for fear of being scolded by my teacher.
I regret having said such a thing to my teacher.
I'd like to be a teacher.
I wanted the teacher to write a letter in English.
I had my teacher correct my English composition.
I had my mistakes pointed out by my teacher.
I was scolded by my teacher.
I handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
I caught on to what the teacher was explaining.
I respect my teacher very much.
I went ahead on the road.
I bought a dictionary the other day.
I saw your brother the other day.
I met Jane the other day.
I made a great find in the store the other day.
I met an old friend by chance at that party the other day.
I ran across an old friend of mine at party the other day.
I went to the park to play baseball the other day.
I pay the money in advance.
If I had not had a previous engagement, I could have come to the party.
I have no more than one thousand yen.
I was robbed of no more than 1,000 yen.
I am a citizen of Chiba, but work in Tokyo.
I like astrology.
I was swimming in the river.
I enjoyed swimming in the river.
I like to fish in the river.
I walked along the river.
I dived into the river.
I went fishing in the river.
I have never believed in wars.
I saw the ship sink in the sea.
I was told to go not by boat but by plane, which advice I followed.
I am a bad sailor.
I am a poor sailor, so I don't like to travel by boat.
I slept aboard the ship.
I went on deck from my cabin.
I'm a good sailor.
I had to trust the captain with my life.
I'm as strong as before.
I have already visited America.
I lost the watch I had bought the day before.
I will let you know in advance.
I know better than to climb mountains in winter without making all necessary preparations beforehand.
I met him the day before.
I intend to follow my predecessor's policy.
I am wholly in agreement with you.
I cannot do without any money.
I met him quite unexpectedly.
I didn't study at all.
I can't think of everything.
I like tennis the best of all sports.
I like English the best of all the subjects.
I am the tallest of all the boys.
I like cats best of all animals.
I love all berries, but especially strawberries.
I require absolute loyalty of my employees.
I spent all my energy on that project.
I consumed my whole energy.
I am left with all the responsibility.
Locking all the doors, I went to bed.
I don't wholly agree with you.
I was able to answer all the questions.
I tried my best, only to fail again.
I was born in the year that Grandfather died.
I was named Robert by my grandfather.
I am well loved by my grandmother.
I love my grandmother very much.
I was brought up by my grandmother.
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.
I don't remember my grandmother's face accurately.
I would prefer any alternative to a lawsuit.
I didn't want to get up early.
I got up early, so that I could catch the first train.
I got up early.
I do not get up early.
I had to get up early.
I make it a rule to get up early.
I went to bed early, for I was tired.
I want my mother to get well soon.
I'm not used to getting up early.
I have to form the habit of getting up early.
I believe in early rising.
I practice early rising.
I was too hasty in concluding that he was lying.
I tried to avoid conflict.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
I gazed out of the window at the landscape.
I looked out the window.
I like sitting by the window.
I was seen to break the window.
Not only did I forget to close the window, but I also forgot to sweep.
I laid myself on the grass.
I ran and ran; otherwise I might have been late.
I run.
I do run.
I'm able to run.
I like to run.
I'm not good at swimming any more than running.
I like to do a few exercises to loosen up before I run.
I'm used to the noise.
I could not make myself heard on account of the noise.
I couldn't make myself heard in the noisy class.
I read the most interesting book in my library.
I read a most interesting book in my library.
I don't like artificial flowers.
I'm not good at speaking off the cuff.
I held my breath and waited.
I ran into the classroom out of breath.
I ran out of breath.
I caught my son stealing from a cookie jar.
I am very happy about my son's success in his recital.
I am ashamed of my son's laziness.
I object to my son studying abroad.
I paid my son 5 dollars to wash my car.
I made my son see the doctor.
I got my son to post the letters.
I got my son to repair the door.
I am disappointed in my son.
I'll get my son to make the plan.
I got my room cleaned by my son.
I had my son water the lawn.
I made his son a new suit.
I made my son a new suit.
I am looked after by my son.
I got my son to cook supper.
I have given to my son whatever he wants.
I'll buy a watch for my son.
I'm responsible for what my son has done.
I have been anxious about my son's safety.
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.
I put out a lot of money for my son's education.
I am convinced that my son is innocent.
I'm proud of my son.
I put my son through college.
I am going to send my son to college.
I lost my son about a decade ago.
I have made a foothold.
I like addition but not subtraction.
I am a good walker.
I badly injured myself in the leg, too.
I burnt myself on the leg.
I broke my leg.
I want to go straight.
I have sore feet.
I can swim fast.
I have a dog which can run fast.
I tried to run fast.
I have decided to learn shorthand.
I went on to read the book.
I will study abroad when I have finished school.
It was not until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
I don't have enough credits to graduate.
I paid for the damage.
I worked hard to compensate for the loss.
I had to make up for the loss.
I must get over a loss, and my illness as well.
I took leave of the villagers and made for my next destination.
I can't do anything else.
I love him more than any of the other boys.
I love him more deeply than any other man.
I am indifferent to others' opinions.
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.
I, in company with most other people, support that new law.
I can't imagine life on another planet.
I found it difficult to be kind to others.
I can't stand being laughed at in front of others.
I have no more than ten English books.
I have gone through many hardships.
I have read many modern authors.
I was confronted with many difficulties.
He told us he had gone through many hardships.
I grow many kinds of roses.
I was put to shame in the presence of many people.
I was hurt by many people.
I came to know many university students.
I am kind of interested in foreign films.
I invited scores of people to my birthday party.
I will most likely choose him as our president.
I enjoyed the voyage across the Pacific.
I was looking at the sun setting in the sea in the west.
I have known Taro for ten years.
Compromise is abhorrent to me.
I stood my ground and got the contract I wanted.
I was frozen to the bone.
I am not well at all.
I'm healthy.
I washed myself.
I got a glimpse of the wrestler as he hurriedly left the gymnasium.
I weigh 70 kilos, give or take a few kilos.
I haven't lost any weight.
I have gained weight.
I have to alter my clothes because I've lost weight.
I want to lose weight.
I have started skipping lunch with a view to losing weight.
I am in poor state of health.
My physical power has decayed.
I waited and waited.
I waited and waited and at last John arrived.
I don't mind waiting.
The longer I waited, the more impatient I became.
I am ashamed of having been lazy.
I put the bag on or beside the chair.
I'm looking for a room for rent.
I considered leaving school, but thought better of it.
I am no match for boredom.
I gave notice at work yesterday.
I bought an eight-acre farm for my retirement.
I have a good mind to study abroad.
I have a big black dog.
I want to grow up to be a great scientist.
I've detected a big mistake.
I do not like a big desk lamp.
I don't like visiting big cities.
I cook soup in a big pot.
I saw the treasures of the British Museum.
I have a large family to provide for.
I have to support a large family.
I'm majoring in American history at university.
I majored in American literature at college.
I majored in European history at university.
I majored in chemistry at the university.
I'm studying economics at university.
I want to go to college.
I want to be independent of my parents when I enter college.
I have been to Australia once when I was in college.
The question whether I should quit college or not bothered me.
I represented my university at the conference.
I'm planning to go to graduate school.
I am satisfied with my life in college to a certain extent.
I'm a poor carpenter.
I was born in Osaka.
I was born in Osaka, but brought up in Tokyo.
I have an open ticket to Osaka.
I have a round-trip ticket to Osaka.
I have a return ticket to Osaka.
I am going to Osaka station.
I stay in Osaka.
I was born in Osaka, but was brought up in Tokyo.
I stayed in bed one more day just to be on the safe side.
It's all right with me.
I spoke to the minister himself.
I intended to buy a car when I come of age.
I saw many people starving to death on TV.
I called for help.
I almost laughed out loud.
I called his name loudly, but he didn't even look back.
I used to shout but you couldn't hear me sometimes.
I was charged with an important task.
I walked along the main street.
I usually get up early in the morning.
I like to put an ice cube into my coffee, because it's usually too hot.
I live in a big city.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
I gave up running for president.
I feel very sick. I want to throw up.
I was quite at a loss for words.
I am writing a thesis about international disputes after World War II.
I took a book from the shelf.
I liked the room overlooking the valley.
I was looking downward to the bottom of the valley.
I saw somebody steal the merchandise.
I heard someone knock on the door.
I looked for someone to take her place.
I heard someone scream.
I heard someone come into the room.
I don't know who made the cake.
I know who lives in this house.
I don't know who wrote this letter.
I know who is pulling the strings.
I know who likes Sachiko.
I don't believe just anyone.
Who am I?
I have no intention of lending this watch to anyone, much less parting with it.
I don't know who to ask for advice.
No one shall dictate to me.
I am anxious that nobody should be hurt.
I made sure that no one was watching.
I have never killed nor injured anybody.
I have to learn many words and phrases by heart.
I am tired of my monotonous life.
I'm tired of the monotonous life.
I found the key for which I had been looking.
I like short hair.
I like short poems.
I have been busy writing a short story.
I received my birthday present.
I received a sweater from her on my birthday.
I refused absolutely.
I'm a Windows person.
I saw the figure of a man.
I like boys to be lively.
I was delighted with the news.
You can search me!
I don't know it. Nor does he.
I feel quite at ease among strangers.
He replied that he did not know.
I ran for the governor.
I'm on a par with him in mental faculties.
I am ready to give up my position.
I go to school by subway.
I'm worried about the global warming trend.
I believe that an alien intelligence is watching the Earth.
I am the happiest man on earth.
I'm afraid of earthquakes.
I like the Mediterranean Sea best.
I felt the earth shake.
I like geography and history.
I prefer history to geography.
I am too ashamed to do it.
I blushed with shame.
I cannot sing in front of an audience for shame.
I would rather die than live in disgrace.
I saw a spider walking on the ceiling.
I stayed up till late at night.
I am accustomed to staying up late.
I apologized profusely for my being late.
I hurried to make up for the lost time.
I must study hard to make up for lost time.
I was admonished against being late.
I'm late, aren't I?
I want brown shoes, not black ones.
I'm not interested in the tea ceremony or flower arranging.
I arrived too late and missed the train.
I went home in order to change my clothes.
I couldn't get in.
I let in the cat.
I was a member of the soccer club when I was in junior high.
I'm not a junior high school student.
I can't afford to buy a used car, much less a new car.
I came to Japan from China.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.
I marveled at seeing the Chinese people burning coal.
I specialize in medieval history.
I visited her with a view to giving a piece of advice.
I've been toiling away in the kitchen all afternoon.
I ate a hot dog for lunch.
I finished writing the letter by noon.
I slept until noon, and then studied for the rest of the day.
I think of her day and night.
I ate some bread and a boiled egg for lunch.
I was invited to lunch.
I forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school.
I'm a careful man.
I stepped on the accelerator carefully.
I gave my carefully prepared speech.
I wrote the answers carefully.
I looked at his face carefully.
I was calm until I saw the syringe!
I canvassed the whole town for orders.
I must get a bad tooth pulled out.
I got my decayed tooth pulled out.
I've run out of my savings.
I was just going to write a letter.
The little girl made a polite bow to me.
I like lots of butter on my toast in the morning.
I am hungry because I did not eat lunch.
I get up at six in the morning.
I take a walk at six in the morning.
I don't shampoo my hair in the morning.
I like to spread honey on my toast in the morning.
I began to stir about 4:30 in the morning, but I didn't get up until 6:00.
I used to take a walk in the morning.
I make it a rule to take a walk for an hour in the morning.
I don't like cheese for breakfast, nor does my wife.
I bought a loaf of bread for breakfast.
I must get the breakfast ready.
I showered before breakfast.
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.
I took neither breakfast nor lunch.
I haven't eaten since breakfast and I'm very hungry.
I make it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
I used to take a walk before breakfast.
I make it a rule to do some exercise before breakfast.
I am in the habit of going for a walk before breakfast.
I make it a rule to jog early in the morning.
I went outside early in the morning.
I got up early in the morning.
I make it a rule to get up early in the morning.
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.
I have a habit of getting up early.
I make it a rule to take a walk early in the morning.
I went for a walk early in the morning.
I started early in the morning, arriving there late at night.
I wake up early.
I live in a town, but my parents live in the country.
I have an errand to do in town.
I am familiar with this part of town.
I was walking in the direction of the town.
I have loved her for a long time.
I know that German with a long beard.
I haven't smoked for ages.
I have wanted to be a painter for a long time.
I waited for her for a long time.
I have not seen you for ages.
I have lived here for a long time.
I have struggled under extreme difficulties for a long time.
I was made to wait for a long time.
I don't like to be kept waiting for a long time.
I have had to be in the hospital for a long time.
I haven't got in touch with him for a long time.
I haven't heard from her for a long time.
I was kept waiting for a long time at the hospital.
I cannot afford a long vacation.
I am tired from a long walk.
I talked a long time, and I managed to make her believe me.
I don't like long drives.
I'm not accustomed to walking long distances.
I went with them so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
I cannot look on anybody as a national hero with the exception of Shigeo Nagashima.
I've spent so many years as chairman that I feel it's time I stepped down.
I met them during my descent from the peak.
When I reached the summit, I was thoroughly worn out.
I saw a bird fly across the sky.
I am not a bird, but I'd like to be.
I listened to the music of birds.
We started at once, otherwise we would have missed him.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with them.
I met Fred on the street.
I met her on the street by accident.
I ran across an old friend in the street.
I heard someone on the street calling me.
I heard my name called by someone on the street.
I met his father on the street.
I met her on the street.
I saw an old man fall on his back in the street.
I walked along the street.
I got sick of the constant noise of the street traffic.
I walked about the street.
I was seen to cross the street.
I walked back and forth on the street.
I walked the length of the street.
I walked across the street.
I enquired of a passer-by which road to take.
I can dance on my toes.
I was tried in a kangaroo court.
I like to fish; it's a very relaxing way to spend the day.
I find much enjoyment in fishing.
I intended to have gone fishing.
I suggested that we go fishing.
I am very interested in fishing.
I cast my fishing line into the sea.
I put a bait on a hook.
I got there ahead of time.
I have three years left until retirement.
I have two passes to the Imperial Theater.
I rid the garden of the weeds.
I raise a variety of roses in the garden.
I work hard in the garden.
I planted roses in the garden.
I breathed the smell of the flowers in the garden.
I am looking for an effective method to get rid of all the weeds in my yard.
I helped my brother move his desk.
I don't like my brother climbing the mountains.
I recall the day when the younger brother was born.
I know better than to quarrel with my brother.
I am on good terms with my brother.
I had my brother put this room in order.
I gave my brother a dictionary.
I had my brother clean the room.
I promised to help my brother with his homework.
I am not so tall as my brother, but taller than my father.
I made my brother go to the station.
I am quite agreeable to the proposal.
I tore my jacket on a nail.
I arrested many thieves at the same time.
I met with a cool, not to say hostile, reception.
I cast about for a suitable reply.
I give myself to the study of philosophy.
I have supported you throughout.
I stayed up all night.
I'm used to working all night.
I'm sitting in the railway station.
I can't reach the ceiling.
I will go regardless of the weather.
I was an angel of an actress.
I am immune to smallpox.
I am waiting for the store to open.
I had my watch repaired at the store.
I picked out a new hat at the store.
I met Tom in front of the store.
I looked around the store but couldn't find what I had in mind.
I looked around the inside of the store.
I must have tried on everything in the shop, but nothing looked right on me.
I am going to the store now.
I rode my bicycle to the store.
I live in a flat above a shop.
I was brought up in the country.
I went for a drive in the country.
I want to live in rural areas.
I don't like living in the country.
Rural life appeals to me very much.
I keep in touch with my parents in my hometown by phone.
We came by a tiny village on our way to the country.
I like to walk in the country.
I was late as a result of the train delay.
I got on the train.
I was late for the train.
I want a book to read in the train.
I may have left them behind in the train.
I've had my pocket calculator stolen.
It was not until the telephone rang that I woke up.
I ordered a pizza on the phone.
I spoke to him by telephone.
I talked on the telephone.
I also did not call.
I catch the telephone.
I hung up and called her back again.
I looked up his telephone number in a telephone directory.
I met her along the way to school.
I am interested in mountain climbing.
I went the whole way with my teacher.
I met Tom on the way.
I was caught in a shower on the way.
I lost sight of him on the way.
I met her along the way.
I'm at my wits' end.
I really like city life.
I will not be able to fit in with the city life.
I'm not accustomed to the city noises.
I prefer living in the country to living in the city.
I'd like to leave the city and rediscover nature.
I hold a lot of land.
I've been here since Saturday.
I will be playing a tennis match on Saturday with my boyfriend Cyril.
As I will not be a slave, so I will not be a master.
I am not angry, far from it.
I couldn't control my anger.
I couldn't keep my anger down.
I like winter.
I always catch a cold in the winter.
I cannot dispense with a coat in winter.
I often catch cold in winter.
I like summer better than winter.
I slipped and fell on the icy sidewalk.
I am at home with the geography of Higashikakogawa.
I took an airplane from Tokyo to Kyushu.
I met him in Tokyo by chance.
I was born and brought up in Tokyo.
I have been to Tokyo only once.
I always drop in at her house when I go to Tokyo.
I have a few friends in Tokyo.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I came to Tokyo.
I took a trip to Tokyo.
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.
I live at Akasaka in Tokyo.
I stopped off at Osaka on my way to Tokyo.
I have a return ticket to Tokyo.
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.
I'm from Tokyo.
I go to Tokyo University.
I would rather starve to death than steal.
I have a deposit of a thousand dollars here.
I kept body and soul together at that time.
I took it for granted that you were aware of the danger.
I take for granted that my answer is correct.
I take it for granted that people are honest.
I took his attendance for granted.
I assumed that she was there.
I took it for granted that she had received my letter.
I took it for granted that she would come.
I am becoming accustomed to the severe climate here bit by bit.
I shall stay here for the time being.
I have to be absent from school for the moment.
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.
For the time being, I intend to stay at a hotel.
I racked my brains for an answer.
I arrived too late to hear his speech.
I took his part in the discussion.
I tried to escape.
I felt like running away.
I am clever, sensitive and imaginative.
I can't help taking painkillers when I have a headache.
I felt a drop of rain on my head.
I felt a touch of pain in my head.
I shook my head a few times.
I have been down with a headache.
I cannot stand headaches.
I like to work.
I prefer relaxing to working.
I can't stand to see animals be teased.
I don't like to see animals cruelly treated.
I bought a book about animals.
I am reading a book about animals.
I experimented on animals.
I had never seen a giraffe till I visited the zoo.
I went to the zoo.
I acted to protect myself from a similar destiny.
I got tired of hearing the same thing so often.
I am the same age.
I nodded to show that I agreed.
I would like to travel abroad in company with my colleague.
I love Hitomi.
I found a dollar in the street.
I happened across an old friend in the street.
I got lost, and to make matter worse, it began to rain.
I lost my way and, what was worse, it began to rain.
I got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel.
Am I on the wrong road?
I found it impossible to cross the road.
I don't want to go there in particular.
I like this scene in particular.
I don't have anything particular to say.
I have nothing special to say.
I don't want to go anywhere in particular.
I like the Terminator films because the special effects are fantastic.
I work in a special unit.
I had a special ticket.
I feel good in a special way.
I walked alone.
I come here every Fourth of July.
I am going to work out the problem by myself.
I have lost my place.
He can neither read nor write.
I want many books to read.
I want a book to read.
I put aside the book I was reading.
I love reading books.
I am happiest when I am reading.
I am tired of reading.
I was concentrating on reading.
I tried to focus my attention on reading.
I have no leisure for reading.
I have no time to read.
I was surprised at the sudden thunder.
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach all of a sudden.
I didn't know what to do because I was suddenly spoken to by a foreigner.
I suddenly thought of my dead mother.
I love Nara, particularly in the fall.
I am going to see the sights of Nara.
I've visited Nara.
My guess is that there will be a resignation of the cabinet.
I paid 1,000 yen on account.
I went there in private.
I told you that in confidence, so why did you tell Jane about it?
I passed the examination with ease.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
I could solve the problem without any difficulty.
I had no difficulty in persuading my father to let me study abroad.
I left out two sentences.
I have two books.
I have been here for two hours.
I waited more than two hours.
I expect to be back by the 20th.
I was born 20 years ago.
I will never do it again.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
I bought a camera two days ago.
I returned home after an absence of two years.
I missed the train by two minutes.
I like meat, cheese and tomato sandwiches.
I like meat, but eggs do not agree with me.
I prefer fish to meat.
I like my meat well done.
I abstained from taking meat.
I've given up eating meat.
I'm not fit for physical labor.
I don't care for meat.
I'm getting better every day.
I'm standing in the shade.
I scribbled down his address in the back of my diary.
I'm paid by the day.
I don't want to get a suntan.
I hope that Japan will abide by its Constitution.
I hope that Japan will abide by Article 9 of her Constitution.
I'm a free-lance writer in Japan.
Born in Japan, I make it a rule to have rice at dinner.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in Japan.
I had been studying music in Boston before I returned to Japan.
I had been staying in Boston before I came back to Japan.
When I came to Japan, I burned my bridges.
I live in Japan.
I returned to Japan.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I don't know anything about Japan.
I want a book telling about Japanese customs.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
I like Japanese food and customs, so it follows that I like living in Japan.
I'm ashamed of Japanese politics.
I would rather have been born in Japan.
I like Japanese rice pillows; they are good for my neck.
I am interested in Japanese history.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
I have made up my mind to leave Japan.
I have a deep love for Japan.
I am leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
I was traveling in Japan.
I'm studying the Japanese drama.
I have to complete a paper on the Japanese economy.
I speak Japanese, English, and French.
I cannot speak Japanese.
I have difficulty in Japanese.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
I've studied Japanese for five years.
It is forty years since I began the study of Japanese.
I do not have to study Japanese.
I have to study Japanese.
I couldn't speak Japanese.
I would like to read books on Japanese history.
I study Japanese history.
I like Japanese food.
I am Japanese, but you are an American.
I speak of the Japanese in general.
I was impressed by the general knowledge of Japanese students.
I like Japanese dishes.
I usually went to the movies on Sunday.
I used to play tennis with him on Sunday.
I visited her on Sunday morning.
I cannot dispense with this book till Sunday.
I am not always free on Sundays.
I clean up my room every Sunday.
I am always at home on Sundays.
I'm not always at home on Sundays.
I am not always at home on Sundays.
I am in the habit of going for a drive on Sundays.
I'm never at home on Sundays.
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.
I often go downtown on Sunday.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
I go to church on Sundays.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I go to church on Sunday.
I play tennis in the park on Sunday.
I was made to cry for help.
I'm leaving on Sunday.
I work every day except Sunday.
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.
I'm not always free on Sundays.
I went up to the door.
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.
I go to see my friend in hospital every other day.
I must visit my friend in the hospital.
I'm prepared for the entrance examination.
I am pregnant.
I went up to my bedroom on tiptoe.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
I do not like cats and my brother does not either.
I seized the cat by the neck.
I like dogs more than cats.
I let the cat out of the house.
I do not have a cat.
I keep thirteen cats.
I let the cat into my room.
I burned my fingers on a hot iron.
I rode in a hot air balloon.
I get a physical examination once a year.
I visit the city yearly.
I go to my father's place twice a year.
I may be too old.
Though I am old, you are still young.
I respect elderly people.
My heart is full of trouble.
I like dark red better.
I met an American who was interested in Noh plays.
I prefer Noh to Kabuki, because the former looks more elegant to me than the latter.
I will do the work to the best of my ability.
I will do my duty to the best of my ability.
I bought some fresh eggs which had just come from the farm.
I worked on a farm.
I mortgaged my farm to him for ten million yen.
I am trying to sell my farm, but I haven't had any offers so far.
I am unable to walk as fast as he can.
I saw a horse pulling a cart.
I can ride a horse.
I am training a horse for the race.
I gave my horse its head.
I have a bad pain in my back.
I've got a bit of an ache in my back.
I don't like being asked to go shopping.
I'm only a customer.
I noticed the sale prices were written in red ink.
I entered the museum through the wrong gate. I should have been more careful.
I applied to be an attendant at the exposition.
I saw a white dog jump over the fence.
I saw something white flying in the sky, so that I came to believe in angels.
I like red wine better than white.
I prefer red wine to white.
I manage to live on a small income.
I came into a huge fortune.
I fastened the box tight with a rope so that it wouldn't break up.
I opened the box and looked inside.
I carried the box on my shoulder.
I put a piece of paper around the box and tied it up with a ribbon.
I don't have a box.
I met him outside the greengrocer's.
I am engrossed in sailing.
I was suspected to be the criminal.
I'm a salesperson.
I have to set up a budget for sales promotion.
I must have the wrong number.
I have no tolerance of cowards.
I saw him coming upstairs.
I am sure of his living to be ninety years old.
I love you better than he.
I don't like him much, in fact I hate him.
I've often seen him bullied.
I said he might go.
I don't know for certain when he will come.
I don't know when he will come.
I was not aware of his presence.
I suspected that he was telling a lie, but that didn't surprise me.
I envy him.
I know that he will be introduced to a lady by his uncle today.
I saw him scolded by his father.
I saw him scolded by his mother.
I am sure of his passing the examination.
I'm sure of his success.
I will ask him where he went last Sunday.
I object to his making private calls on this phone.
I heard him sing at the concert.
I owe him a debt of gratitude for what he did.
I thanked him for what he had done.
I know he likes jazz music.
I saw him jump.
I expect him to come soon.
I demanded that he pay the bill immediately.
I recollect his saying so.
I don't know the reason why he went there.
I often heard him playing the melody on the trumpet.
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.
I saw him tear up the letter.
I know he hardly prepared for it.
I was ignorant that he was present.
I'm surprised that he accepted the offer.
I thought it impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think it's impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think he did it.
I know that it was done by him.
I think he has done it.
I don't know if he knows it.
I thought him a poor dancer.
I can not help laughing to see him dance.
I was glad to see that he finally came to his senses.
I am sure of his winning the tennis match.
I don't know what has happened to him.
I know where he lives. But it is a secret.
I cannot say for sure where he lives.
I know where he lives.
I know where he comes from.
I like him very much.
I think he is a very kind man.
I am very anxious to know why he did such a thing.
I don't care what he says.
I heard him play the piano once.
I heard him mumble to himself.
I am not angry with him because he made a mistake.
I ascertained that he was still alive.
I thought he would come soon.
I found him to be a good workman.
I got the money back from him.
He told me about the accident.
I learned a lot from him.
I hear from him once a month.
I don't have contact recently from him.
I was laughed at by him.
I got the information from him directly.
I learned much about astronomy from him.
I owe him 100 yen.
I am looking forward to hearing from him.
I was made to drink by him.
I got a useful piece of information out of him.
I know that he went to London.
I thought that he was a doctor.
I don't know if he is a doctor.
I saw him walking alone in the park.
I suspected he was a liar.
I think it a pity that he told a lie.
I strongly suspected that he had been lying.
I saw him swim across the river.
I have never heard him speak English.
I didn't know that he could speak English.
I couldn't figure out what he was talking about.
I am convinced that he did nothing wrong.
I couldn't make out what he wanted to say.
It was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
I couldn't figure out what he meant.
I don't know for certain who he is.
I saw him enter the house.
I caught him stealing pears in the orchard.
I was not aware of his absence from the meeting.
I don't know why he quit the company.
I convinced him that he was wrong.
I helped him carry his desk.
I worry about him.
I don't care for him.
I don't know the reason why he was absent.
I had a suspicion that he would leave me.
I was not conscious of his presence.
I took it for granted that he would win the race.
I had a fancy that I could see him approaching.
I think it strange that he didn't speak to you.
I'm surprised to hear that he is in prison.
I found that he was turned over to the police.
I saw him caught by the police.
I know the real reason for his absence.
I soon noticed his absence.
I affirmed that he was innocent.
I think him in good health.
I do not care for him.
I think he is the greatest artist of the time.
I believed every word he said.
I don't like what he said.
I can't make out what he was saying.
I couldn't make out what he was saying.
I found him riding a bicycle in the park.
I came to like him.
I can't understand what he is thinking about.
I wish to spare him the trouble of going there.
I will stop him from going.
I remember the year when he got a job.
I observed him stop.
I was afraid he might die.
I can't understand what he wants me to do.
I suggested that he follow my advice.
I noticed he was wearing my slippers.
I caught him speaking ill of me.
I don't like him coming to my house so often.
I am convinced of the truth that he was in love with my sister.
I expect him to take care of my younger brother.
I requested him to keep me informed.
I looked to see if he was teasing me.
I was banking on him to help me.
I am sure of his passing the exam.
I expect he'll pass the examination.
I thought he was going to fail the exam, but he passed after all.
I caught him stealing the camera.
I don't like the house in which he lives.
I saw him go out.
I didn't notice him go out.
I arrived on the night he left.
I have a letter written by him.
I expect him to help me.
I found that he was gazing at me at a distance.
It was not until I saw him laughing that I realized what a fool I had been.
I hope he will come up with a new and good idea.
I listened to him explain a new product.
I've never seen him really get down to work.
I found him kind.
I'm thinking he was a kind man.
I have never heard him speak ill of others.
I'll hire whoever he recommends.
I am sure that he will succeed.
I am sure of his success.
I think he will succeed.
I took it for granted that he would succeed.
I saw that he was right.
I don't think that he's right.
I think he is right.
I like him because he is honest.
I don't consider him honest.
I think that he is honest.
I know him to be honest.
I believe that he is honest.
I like him in that he is honest and candid.
I thought he was more clever than honest.
I am sure that he is an honest man.
I know the house where he was born.
I visited the village where he was born.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
I have known him since he was a baby.
I don't know who he is.
I know who he is.
I asked who he was.
I was angry because he was late.
I don't know why he was late.
I watched him cross the street.
I saw him cross the street.
I helped him walk across the street.
I saw him crossing the street.
I take it for granted that he would come.
I saw him running away.
I saw him crossing the road.
I saw him cross the road.
I helped him to carry his baggage upstairs.
I met him while he was in Japan.
I didn't know that he was Japanese.
I caught him trying to sneak out.
I heard of his involvement in crime.
I saw him pat her on the shoulder.
I am sure of his coming to the party.
I thought he was sick.
I caught him trying to go out of the room.
We caught him trying to go out of his room.
I saw him enter the room.
I noticed him sitting with his back against the wall.
I was very surprised to find him in disguise.
I am sure of his winning the speech contest.
I saw him walking with a book under his arm.
I thought that he was innocent.
I had just written the letter when he came back.
I saw him playing baseball.
I saw him play baseball.
I'm sure he'll be as good as his word.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
I think it doubtful whether he will keep his word.
I am confident he will keep his promise.
I was convinced that he was guilty.
I know that he is a famous musician.
I didn't like him much; in fact I hated him.
I could not help laughing to see him dancing.
I am sure of his passing the coming entrance examination.
I expected him to come.
I thought he might come.
I am certain of his coming.
I thought he would come.
I'm sure he will come.
I expect him to come every moment.
I found him a bright boy.
I don't know whether he'll come by train or by car.
I have been associated with him for ten years.
I was meeting him at the station at six.
I am to meet him at six.
I made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock.
I found a good friend in him.
I would rather stay home than go out with him.
I didn't want to work with him, but I made the best of it.
I accompanied him on the trip.
I am to meet him there.
I argued with him about it.
I have to talk with him about the new plan.
I can't do with him and his insolent ways.
I could not bring myself to dance with him.
I had a tennis match with him.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I have a nodding acquaintance with him.
I know him by sight, but I have never actually spoken to him.
I have done with him.
I am on visiting terms with him.
I got acquainted with him in France.
Seldom do I see him.
I share with him in the enterprise.
I would often play tennis with him.
I raced him a mile.
I never feel at home in his company.
I don't want to be seen in his company.
I go to school with him.
I play with him.
I had a chance to see him.
I used to go to school with him.
I had a race with him.
I ran a race with him.
I will associate with him in business.
I associate with him in business.
I went into partnership with him.
I worked hand in hand with him.
I went to church with him.
I never exchanged a word with him.
I agree to go with him.
I intended to go with him.
I work with him.
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
I cooperated with him in the task.
I made friends with him.
I have been honest with him.
I don't mind sharing the room with him.
I negotiated the price with him.
I am acquainted with him.
I struck up an acquaintance with him.
I have known him a long time.
I am on good terms with him. He always keeps his promises and is relied upon by everybody.
I am to have lunch with him.
I parted from him on the street.
I've got as much money as he has.
I am as old as he.
I wish I were as rich as he.
I love you as much as him.
I am as tall as he.
I have as many books as he.
I would rather remain single than live an unhappy life with him.
I don't enjoy his society.
I would like to talk to him face to face.
I talked with him far into the night.
I competed with him for the championship.
I have an appointment to dine with him.
I got in touch with him.
I want to get in touch with him.
I cannot get in touch with him.
I enjoyed talking with him.
On having a talk with him, I found him troubled but friendly.
I can't relax when I'm talking with him.
I can't get by without him.
I told him to work hard or he would fail.
I told him to work hard and he would succeed.
I asked him to come with me, for I was a stranger in that part of the city.
I tried to explain to him that we were not responsible for his mistake, but he refused to listen.
I asked him if he had got my letter.
I advised him to be independent of his parents.
I told him not to throw stones.
I congratulated him on the birth of his son.
I persuaded him that he was wrong.
I got him to wash my car for a hundred dollars.
I asked a favor of him.
I took him a cup of coffee.
I have written to him once a month for almost twenty years.
I offered him odds of 3 to 1.
I paid five dollars to him.
I owe him no less than 50,000 yen.
I asked him to come at eight, but he turned up at nine.
I lent him a CD.
I suggested that he try to go to America.
I know that I should not tell him a lie.
I offered him some money, but he would not take it.
I had to lend to him money.
I left the money with him.
I asked him to lend me some money.
I am not so foolish as to lend him money.
I asked him to make tea.
I remember seeing him once.
I had him carry the baggage to your office.
I want him to play the guitar.
I asked him to wait here.
I asked him to be here by six.
I slipped the letter to him.
I borrowed this book from him.
I don't want him to touch me.
I had him take my suitcase to the room.
I made him carry the suitcase.
I'll get him to carry my suitcase upstairs.
I will make him do it at once.
I caught up with him soon.
I asked him if he would return soon.
I asked him to start at once.
I advised him to come back at once.
I found him a nice apartment.
I made him do so.
I wanted him to go there.
I want him to go there.
I told him the big news.
I warned him of the danger.
I admonished him of the danger.
I explained the rule to him.
I paid him the money.
I regret having said that to him.
I paid him on the spot for his work.
I thanked him for the nice present.
I want him to solve the problem.
I advised him to keep that promise.
I had him write it.
I promised him to keep it secret.
I couldn't make him understand it.
I asked him not to drive so fast.
I advised him to give up smoking.
I don't know anything about him at all.
He opened the door, though I told him not to.
I asked him to open the door, but he would not do so.
I asked him where he was going.
I asked him where I should park my car.
I remember that I met him somewhere.
I wrote him to ask why.
I bear him no malice.
I bought him a tie.
I am no match for him.
I couldn't put up with him.
I'll give him a pen.
I'll buy a pen for him.
I handed the mike to him.
I met him by pure chance.
I persuaded him that he should try again.
I am disgusted with him.
I remember seeing him somewhere before.
I told him not to go to the place alone.
I regret that I have never been kind to him.
I'm attracted to him.
I advised him not to drive.
I tried to get him to learn to drive.
I instructed him in English.
I met him at the station.
I warned him not to smoke.
I advised him against smoking.
I answered his blows with several of my own.
I am indebted to him.
I told him what to do.
I made him paint the house.
I had him carry my luggage to the platform.
I advised him not to grieve over the past.
I must go and see him.
I went there to meet him.
I can't forget the day when I met him.
It was only when I met him that I realized his true intention.
I hid myself so that I might not meet him.
I have tried to discourage him from going abroad.
I got him to paint the fence.
I was ashamed of showing my face to him.
I have to do right by him.
I advised him to give up smoking, but he would not listen to me.
I got him to stop smoking.
I have not seen him for a long time.
I told him what to see in Kyoto.
I presented him with a gold watch.
I trusted him with the money.
I gave him a gold watch.
I asked him to mend my shoes.
I will have him mend my shoes.
I got him to polish my shoes.
I made him change his plan.
I told him of our plans, but he seemed uninterested.
I gave him a warning, but he took no notice of it.
I gave him a warning, to which he paid no attention.
I liked him all the better for his faults.
I informed him of the result.
I admonished him against smoking for the sake of his health.
I've tried reasoning with him but he just won't listen.
I made him open the door.
I paid him five dollars.
I owe him 50,000 yen.
I must study hard in order to keep up with him.
I advise him to come back at once.
I told him that I would do my best.
I lent him a magazine.
I bought him a magazine.
I agree with him.
I found him a job.
I paid him four dollars.
I paid him the money due to him.
I asked him if I could read them.
I told him about our school.
I discouraged him from marrying me.
I got him to mend my shoes.
I tried to convince him of my innocence.
I would like him to stay with us.
I challenged him to a game.
It was demanded that I tell him the truth.
I gave him what money I had.
I had my watch mended by him.
I had him mend my watch.
I got him to fix my bicycle.
I could not persuade him of my honesty.
I was disappointed in you.
I regret having been rude to him.
I asked a question of him.
I asked him a question.
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
I asked him to drive me home.
I got him to repair my car.
I had him wash the car.
I suggested to him.
I think it's better not to lend him a hand.
I had the letter written by him.
I have put off writing to him till today.
I put handcuffs on him.
I will get him to come and help me.
I gave him my address.
I had him do my homework.
I intend him to help me with my homework.
I besought him to help me.
I asked him if he would help me.
I asked him to help me.
I thanked him for helping me.
I appeal to him for his advice.
I gave him what little information I had.
I made him sweep the floor.
I was all the more angry because I was laughed at by him.
I furnished him with food.
I confided my troubles to him.
I had not a little difficulty in bringing the truth home to him.
I gave some books to him.
I congratulated him on his success.
I told him to be quiet.
I explained it to him, only to make him confused.
I explained it to him.
I don't want to see him at all.
I am in debt to him for 1,000 yen.
I remember meeting that man before.
I chose him a nice tie.
I claimed damages against him.
I bid against him.
I answered for him.
I gave him much trouble.
I gave him some advice.
I gave him advice, to which he paid no attention.
I turned to him for advice.
I wrote him a long letter, but he sent me no reply.
I haven't met him in person, but I know of him.
I met him on the street.
I forgot to give him the message.
I telephoned him the message.
I gave him a call.
I called him, but the line was busy.
I called him up and asked his schedule.
I gave him some good advice about buying land.
I could not help feeling sympathy with him.
I told him not to be late again.
I whispered to him to come in.
I congratulated him on passing the entrance exam.
I beat him on points.
I told him that he was wrong.
I told him, once for all, that I would not marry him.
I asked him about his new book.
I owe him $100.
I do not want him to be careless.
I told him to clear out of the room.
I gave my cold to him.
I was bound to answer him.
I will take my revenge on him.
I gave him a book.
I thanked him for lending me a book.
I gave him a few books.
I was trying to tell him what had really happened, but he cut me short.
I asked him what his name was.
I asked him to go there tomorrow.
I called him a coward to his face.
I complained to him face to face.
I am not acquainted with him.
I waved him back.
I told him to keep his promise.
I asked him if he would go there the next day.
I told him to come.
I meet with him once every six months.
I could not speak to him.
I have read twice as many books as he has.
I have three times as many books as he.
I landed him a blow on the chin.
I can't forgive him for behaving like that.
I can't forget his kindness.
I held him by the collar.
I cannot help laughing at his odd manner.
I may as well stay alone as keep him company.
I saw his mother scold him.
I like him, but at the same time I don't really trust him.
I know him like a book.
I cannot help thinking about him.
I regard him as a man of character.
He doesn't believe me at all.
I can't forgive him for what he did.
I don't like the way he speaks.
I couldn't catch on to the joke he told us.
I was deeply impressed by his speech.
I was deeply affected by his speech.
I held his sleeve.
He has no friends besides me.
I will do anything for him.
I often visited his house.
I want to sing to his piano accompaniment.
I want to have his only daughter for my wife.
I interpreted what he said in French into Japanese.
I can't trust such a man as he.
I listened to some of his records.
I found myself listening to his records.
I'm looking over his report.
I went over his report, but couldn't find any mistakes.
I brushed by him while running.
I asked after him.
I went to the hospital to inquire after his health.
I did so at his request.
I can't agree with your opinion.
I don't make much of his opinion.
I cared little for his opinion.
It has dawned on me that I mistook his intention.
I envied him his good fortune.
I admire his skill at driving.
I was bored with his speech.
His speech made no sense to me.
I like his music.
I was impressed by his music.
His music made a deep impression on me.
I am familiar with his music.
I classify his music as rock.
Every time I go to his house, he is out.
I found his house easily.
I found his house with ease.
I called at his house but found that he was out.
I called at his house.
I remember calling at his house.
I know his family.
I view his error as insignificant.
I blamed him for his fault.
I forgave his mistake.
I'm pointing the finger at his mistake.
I mused on the meaning of his painting.
I didn't say anything to hurt his feelings.
Did I hurt his feelings?
I am sorry for his mistake.
I know him by sight, but not by name.
I was bewildered at the sight of his strange behavior.
I could not come up to his expectations.
I must live up to his expectations.
I struck on an idea that could change his mind.
I was afraid that I might hurt his feelings.
I lost the thread of his argument.
I grasped the entire structure of his argument.
I am not in the least afraid of his threats.
I praised him for his diligence.
I think his job resume is questionable.
I agree to his plan.
I have not the slightest interest in his plans.
I was ignorant of his plan.
I want to know the reason for his absence.
I don't approve of his decision.
I can bear witness to his innocence.
I was worried about his health.
I am very concerned about his health.
I could not make out what he meant.
I could hardly understand him.
I couldn't understand him; I couldn't catch on to his way of speaking.
I can understand him perfectly.
While he was talking, I guess I was absent-minded.
I believe what he says.
I felt encouraged to hear what he said.
I could make nothing of what he said.
I believe whatever he says.
I tried to listen to him carefully.
I did it the way he told me to.
I didn't catch what he said.
I could not understand anything he said.
I could not believe his statement.
I'm going to ascertain the truth of his statement.
I dissent from what he said.
I couldn't for the most part make out what he said.
I took him at his word.
I can hardly understand what he says.
I took note of what he was saying.
I can't figure out what he is saying.
I affected not to understand what he was saying.
I interpreted his remark as a threat.
I didn't for a moment believe them.
I was bored with his old jokes.
I followed him into his room.
I followed him.
I do not like the way he talks.
I consoled him with his favorite food.
I gave him a present in return for his favor.
I envy him his luck.
I sincerely hope for their happiness.
I believe that his action was in the right.
I don't have much belief in his abilities.
He succeeded to his estate.
I will inherit his estate.
I am pleased with his work.
I agreed to help him in his work.
I was at a loss how to answer his unexpected question.
I don't support his ideas.
I have a suspicion about his death.
I was discouraged to hear of his death.
I am indignant about the way he treated me.
My name was called after his name.
I dealt him a blow on the ear.
I was amazed at his abrupt resignation.
I was surprised to hear of his failure.
I couldn't put up with his rudeness.
I was embarrassed by his rudeness.
I didn't know how to answer his question.
I am familiar with the way he asks questions.
I'm familiar with the way he asks questions.
I anticipated his question.
I trust his executive ability.
I saw his car make a turn to the right.
I'm working on his car.
I demanded that they be allowed to leave.
I observed that his hands were unsteady.
I held fast to his hand.
I couldn't shake off his hand.
I do not want to reply to his letter.
I glanced at his letter.
I took him by the wrist.
I miss his lessons so much.
I have learned to draw by following his lessons.
I was bored with his endless sermon.
I took his name and address.
I know his address.
I know his address, but it's a secret.
I was able to find out his address.
I forgot his address.
I delayed telling him about his uncle's death as long as I could.
I helped him with his homework.
I heard news of his departure.
I repeated his exact statement.
I look to him for help.
I asked for his help.
I am sure of his victory.
I read not only his novels but also his poems.
I have read many of his novels in translation.
I think little of his novel.
I haven't read all of his novels.
I never read his novels without being deeply moved.
I haven't read his novel, and my brother hasn't either.
I accepted his invitation.
I dislike how he smiles.
I could not but laugh at his joke.
I don't like his taste in color.
I cannot help admiring his appetite.
I can't understand his psychology.
I didn't expect his behavior to descend to such a disagreeable level.
I was admiring his new car.
I fail to understand his true aim.
I would like to repay him for his kindness.
I relied on his kindness.
His kindness touched my heart.
I do not like the way he treats others.
I cannot forget his kindness.
I am not familiar with his character.
I had a glimpse into the negative side of his character.
I am envious of his success.
I am doubtful of his success.
I am anxious for his success.
When I heard of his success, I wrote a letter to him.
I could not find him out.
I am assured of his honesty.
I can't help doubting his honesty.
I can't answer for his honesty.
I was not interested in his life.
I was convinced by his explanation.
I can't recollect his explanation.
Words failed me in his presence.
I attended his funeral.
I haven't met both of his sons.
I have met neither of his sons.
I wired him a message of congratulation on his graduation.
I tried to repair his damaged prestige.
I was annoyed at his behavior.
I cannot abide his manner.
I attended the meeting in place of him.
I bought a new dress for her on his behalf.
I failed to go to his birthday party.
I acted on his advice.
I regard his advice as valuable.
I interpreted his silence as consent.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
I cannot but object to his proposal.
I politely turned down his offer and hung up.
I wrote down his phone number.
I wrote down his telephone number so that I might remember it.
I received a letter informing me of his arrival.
I impeached his motives.
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death.
I was beside myself with his sudden appearance.
I don't have much faith in his ability.
I clapped him on the back.
I concluded his judgement was right.
I threatened to reveal his secret.
I can't answer for his dishonesty.
I am annoyed by his carelessness.
I hesitated to leave his grave.
I learned a lot from his books.
I accepted a present from his sister.
I had a dream about him.
I was taken aback by his rudeness.
I don't like his rude manner.
I was very much shocked to hear his daughter using such bad language.
I don't know how to pronounce his name.
I know him only by name.
I know him by name but I have never actually spoken to him.
I don't remember his name.
I don't fully remember his name.
I don't know his name.
I have to give in to his order.
I looked him in the eyes.
I was irritated by his indecision.
I marveled at his courage.
I cannot help admiring his courage.
I am his friend and will remain so.
I am going to assert his guilt.
I declined his invitation to dinner.
I watched a ring of smoke that floated from his cigar into the air.
I will accept his request.
I cannot comply with his request.
I don't know the day when he will come.
I was forced to support his theory.
I was fascinated with him.
I prefer the updated version of his cookbook.
I doubt the truth of his story.
I was deeply moved by his speech.
I don't like the way he talks.
I leaned forward, eager to catch every word he spoke.
I listened to his talk.
I was much moved by his speech.
I was much impressed by his story.
I was much impressed by his speech.
I couldn't get the point of his speech.
I doubt his story.
I don't trust his story.
I can't bring myself to trust his story.
I caught him by the arm.
I cannot stand his arrogance any longer.
I can't stand his arrogance any longer.
I cannot put up with his arrogance.
I thought it best for him to say nothing about the matter.
I don't think he is fit for the job.
I am of the opinion that he will succeed.
I pledged my loyalty to him.
I don't have as much money as he does.
I am not more intelligent than him.
I am not older than he is.
I can't speak English as well as he.
I am not as tall as he.
I asked him if he would go too.
I am two years younger than he.
I am his junior by three years.
He can play the piano better than I.
I am older than he by three years.
I am taller than he.
I'm younger than he is.
I am older than him.
I am shorter than he.
I have an advantage over him.
I charged them too much money for their room.
I saw them enter the bank.
I sat apart from them.
I saw them leave the coffee shop downstairs.
I'm annoyed about them forgetting to pay.
I didn't resist the pressure they forced on me.
I am sure of their passing the examination.
I took for granted that they would give me a receipt.
I saw them play baseball.
I saw them walking arm in arm.
I have nothing to do with them.
I went to Nikko along with them.
I am studying it in cooperation with them.
I congratulated them on the birth of their daughter.
I feel very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
I explained the rules of the game to them.
I told them to study harder.
I gave them clothing and some food.
I always tried to be strict with them and not to smile.
I had no choice but to read it out to them.
I waved my hand to them.
I was treated like a child by them.
I couldn't run fast enough to keep up with them.
I sympathized with them, and promised that I would do what I could to help.
I ordered them to leave the room.
I am ignorant of the reason for their quarrel.
I know neither of them.
I am not concerned with their trouble.
I gave three pencils to each of them.
I saw through their plot at once.
I will never forget their warm hands.
I like their pictures.
I sat among them.
I believe in what they said.
I asked for their approval.
I know all of them.
I do not know every one of them.
I know none of them.
I must prepare their breakfast.
I interpreted their silence as consent.
I cannot meet their demands.
I gave way to their demands.
I don't know either of them.
I think they must be twins, but she says they cannot be so.
I suppose they are coming.
I do not know any of them.
I don't know all of them.
I am quite unqualified to teach them.
I went to the airport to see them off.
I dropped them off at Kanda.
I know them.
I know both of them.
I waited for him for an hour.
He shall not come here again.
I am to pick him up at five.
I saw her at the station five days ago, that is, last Friday.
I want to surprise him.
I think him a good teacher.
I will make him go.
I felt bad about picking on him.
It is a fact that I dislike him.
I made him go there at once.
I don't blame you for hitting him.
I couldn't help admiring him.
I know him very well.
I have a fine contempt for him.
I took him for Mr Brown.
I looked on him as the boss.
I call him Mike.
I don't know him at all.
I can't make him out at all.
I pointed at him.
I regarded him as a good teacher.
I remember him well.
I am well acquainted with him.
I took him aside.
I conducted him out.
I consider him a great scientist.
I tried to stop him, but he left me behind.
When I called him right-wing, I mean that his thinking is old-fashioned.
I barely restrained the impulse to strike him.
I did so with a view to pleasing him.
I tried to please him, which I found very difficult.
I said so with a view to pleasing him.
I can't help feeling sorry for him.
I cannot forgive him because he insulted me in public.
I took him to the Kyoto Imperial Palace.
I scared him out of cheating on the exam.
I supposed him to be rich.
I recognized the actor the minute I saw him.
I was astonished at sight of him.
I went to the airport to see him off.
I went to the hospital to visit him.
I have a high opinion of him.
I gave him a ride in my car last night.
I took him out for a walk.
I look up to him as my teacher.
I second his nomination.
I decided that he should be transferred to the branch.
I tried but failed to stop him.
I can't bend him to my will.
I invited him to my house.
I made him my servant.
I regard him as a poet.
I intended to have visited him at his office.
I took him for my brother.
I have him eating out of my hand.
I help him.
I went to the airport to meet him.
I have a mind to help him.
I could not help laughing at him.
I don't trust him; be careful what you say when he's around.
I believe in him.
I have trust in him.
I trust him because he never tells a lie.
I took him for my close friend.
I look on him as my best friend.
I think of him as one of my good friends.
I suppose him to be honest.
I believe him honest.
I cannot find fault with him.
I can't find fault with him.
I persuaded him into accepting the offer.
I persuaded him to go to the party.
I persuaded him to be examined by the doctor.
I persuaded him to give himself up to the police.
I've managed to talk him into buying a new bed.
I tried to persuade him, but in vain.
I have absolute trust in him.
I think highly of him.
Far from respecting him, I dislike him.
I'm waiting for him.
I have a great regard for him.
I consider him a great writer.
I feel very sorry for him.
I thought him very clever.
I came to know him.
I regarded him as the best doctor in town.
I regard him as an enemy.
I called him up on the phone.
I have made him angry.
I was careful not to say anything to make him angry.
I met him at Tokyo Station.
I rate him among the best modern composers in Japan.
I made an ass of him.
I took him for his brother.
I planned to introduce him to her.
Much as I pitied him, I could not help him.
He cast reflections on me.
I showed him into the room.
I visited him only to find him absent.
I didn't call on him because I wanted to.
I have never called on him.
I intended to have called on him, but I couldn't.
I will make a friend of him.
I made him go.
I forced him into complying with my wish.
I am going to call on him tomorrow.
I considered him a friend.
I cannot but admire him.
I relied on him.
I thought him clever.
I would sooner starve than betray him.
I tried to stop him but he made off in a hurry.
I have never heard her say 'No'.
I suggested that she go alone.
I was not conscious of her presence.
I don't know when she got married.
I do not know when she can come.
I was fascinated by her opera singing.
I know that she is cute.
I found her mending a skirt.
I know that she is Spanish.
I object to her going there alone.
I saw her enter the room.
I found out that it was difficult for her to solve that problem.
I am surprised that she should have done such a thing.
I gave her just what she needed.
I cannot make out what she is driving at.
I am quite in the dark as to what she is going to do.
I asked where she lived.
I did not notice how she was dressed.
I can't bear to see her cry.
I allowed her to go to the party.
I can't picture her playing the piano.
I asked her if she had been to Mexico.
Not a letter did I receive from her.
I was very glad to get a present from her.
I was expecting a letter from her.
I got a letter from her.
I received a letter from her.
I was invited to dinner by her.
She gave me several books.
I saw her swim.
I heard her speak English fluently.
I couldn't figure out what she was talking about.
I have no idea where she lives.
I heard her sing a song.
I have never heard her sing.
I heard her singing a song.
I think it certain that she will succeed as a singer.
I arrived at the moment she was leaving.
I am growing to hate the girl.
I hope she will get well.
I could hardly make out what she said.
I don't like her.
I wish her happiness.
I helped her wash dishes.
I have known her since she was a child.
I take it for granted that she will join us.
I was thinking about what she had said to me.
I objected to her treating me like a child.
I made a bet that she would win the game.
I heard her singing in her room.
I received a letter which was written by her.
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.
I think she is kind.
I was delighted at the news of her success.
I insist that she was honest.
I have known her since she was a baby.
I saw her crossing the street.
I informed him of her arrival.
I was glad that she visited me unexpectedly.
I saw her at it with great enthusiasm.
I was afraid of her having been punished.
I remember the horror I felt when she screamed.
I know that she is beautiful.
I didn't know that she was ill.
I was given to understand that she was ill.
I hope she will get over her disease.
I was disappointed at her absence.
I have never seen her help her father.
I didn't notice her going out of the room.
I saw her clean the room.
I helped her hang the picture on the wall.
I know that she has been busy.
I think that she will discuss trade friction.
I was all the more worried for her silence.
I wait here until she comes.
I can't make her out.
I tried to efface the memory of her tears.
I waited for her to speak.
The longer I listen to her, the less I like her.
I have kept company with her for about 10 years.
I talked to her for an hour.
I accompanied her on a walk.
I know better than to quarrel with her.
I'd like to go skiing with her.
I have to talk with her about the new plan.
I canceled an appointment with her.
I met her the year that my uncle William died.
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.
I've been on close terms with her since childhood.
I didn't get along with her.
I've known her for a long time.
I told her once and for all that I would not go shopping with her.
I said that I didn't go shopping with her.
I had nothing to do with her.
I almost never met her.
I am nearly as tall as she.
I shook hands with her.
I agreed with her.
I talked with her for an hour.
I'd like to go on a picnic with her.
I intended to go with her, but I was too busy.
I had a nice chat with her.
I want to make her acquaintance.
I hope to marry her.
I made up my mind to marry her.
I have known her for five years.
I am engaged to her.
I exchange letters with her.
I talked with her to my heart's content.
I can't tell her from her twin sister.
I talked to her on the telephone.
I am glad to have her company.
I will part company with her.
I am on visiting terms with her.
I couldn't tell her from sister.
I am friends with her.
I made friends with her.
I want to get in touch with her.
I had a lot of difficulty getting in touch with her.
I want to talk to her.
I told her to do that work at once.
I told her she looked pale, and asked if she was all right.
I owe her 100,000 yen.
I made sure to not let her do such a thing again.
I am going to stop her ever doing that again.
I met her three days ago.
I asked her to pick me up around four.
I told her to be home by nine.
I advised her to come by 9:00.
I remember seeing her.
I bought her a toy cat, but she wasn't happy with it.
I bade good night to her.
I offered to lend money to her.
I don't think she is capable of doing this job. To start with, she is far too old.
I argued her out of going skiing.
I bought a wonderful watch for her.
I did that which she asked me to do.
I asked her if she could go to the party.
I want her to do the difficult work.
I don't like her to go in such a dress.
I told her I'd keep it secret, so I've kept that to myself.
I was aching to tell her the secret.
I debated whether to ask her about it or not.
I promised her not to do it again.
I had difficulty convincing her of the dangers of smoking.
I was very worried about her.
I meet her on occasion at the club.
I made her a dress.
I told her what to do.
I'm not at all satisfied with her.
I have made up my mind to propose to her.
I counseled her to wait a little longer.
I am ashamed of not having been kind to her.
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I met her at the station, but I did not recognize her in uniform.
I said nothing to her, which made her upset.
I'll give her some flowers.
I'd like to see her.
I hope that I'll see her.
I am glad to see her.
I recognized her as soon as I saw her.
Hardly had I met her when I fell in love with her.
I would like to express my gratitude to her.
I said to her, "You look pale. Are you all right?"
I persuaded her to be at home.
I told her to quickly finish the report.
I am going to let her do as she likes.
I told her not to go.
I demanded that she should go.
I wanted her to come here this evening.
I asked her if I could read the book.
I informed her of my departure.
I informed her of my success.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the fact.
I informed her of my arrival.
I lent her my camera.
I showed her my room.
I was disappointed in her.
I must make an apology to her.
I charmed a secret out of her.
I remember writing to her.
I have no time to write to her.
I gave her what little information I had.
I can't afford to buy her a new dress.
I have a deep affection for her.
I ought to have told her the truth.
I made her a doll.
He presented her with a doll.
I informed her about the success.
I bought her a nice Christmas present.
I advised her to catch a morning train.
I ran into her in the street.
I wrote a long letter to her.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with her.
I meant to call her, but I forgot to.
I called her up.
I gave her a comic book to read.
I tried to ask her a riddle.
I asked her a difficult question.
I asked her if she knew his address.
I followed her into the room.
I got her to clean my room.
I told her to tell me the truth, but she shook her head.
I lent her 500 dollars free of interest.
I love her.
I got her a wrist watch.
I have three times as many books as she has.
I can make out what she said.
I'm going to her cocktail party.
I was worried on her account.
I'm not acquainted with her.
I am not acquainted with her.
I can't stand her jealousy.
I kept an eye on her suitcase.
I'm immediately behind her.
I like her style; she's aggressive and knows what she wants.
I was amazed by her quick response.
I will do anything I can do for her.
I repeated the word several times for her.
I gave a bunch of roses to her in return for her hospitality.
I regret having fallen in love with a girl like her.
I am concerned for her safety.
I was anxious for her safety.
I appreciated her sentiments.
I made her play the piano against her will.
I was entranced by her singing.
I was full of curiosity about her past.
I was fascinated by her sweet voice.
I was keyed up over her impending operation.
I focused the camera on her face.
I saw sorrow's print upon her face.
I stared her in the face.
I caught a glimpse of her face.
I was unable to look her in the face.
I took a close shot of her face.
I'm fed up with her complaints.
I don't know the reason for her absence.
I'm anxious about her health.
I heard her to the end.
I'm sick of her excuses.
I can hardly understand what she says.
I took what she said literally.
I can't make out what she said.
I couldn't for the most part make out what she said.
I gathered from her words that she liked him.
I could not catch her words.
I read anger in her face.
I congratulated her on her success in the examination.
I like her dark eyes.
I have done with her job.
I helped her with her work.
I stood still, my whole attention fixed on the movements of her fingers.
I called her office, but no one answered.
I noticed her hands shaking.
I can remember the warmth of her hands.
I believe what is written in her letter.
I must answer her letter.
I can't remember her address.
I don't know his address.
I spent several days sorting through her papers.
I can't do without her help.
I'm tired of her complaints.
I like her novel.
I accepted her invitation.
I don't like the way she laughs.
I had a good laugh at her joke.
I thanked her for her kind hospitality.
I gave her a present in return for her kindness.
I noted a trace of eagerness in her voice.
I had to take care of her baby.
I was offended by her crude manners.
I sat beside her.
I pulled her by the sleeve, but she went on talking unconcernedly.
I was moved by her love for other people.
I'm fed up with her laziness.
I don't like her manner.
I was invited to her birthday party.
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.
I wrote down her phone number.
I tried to find out her telephone number.
I was impatient for her arrival.
I guessed her to be 40.
I got very annoyed at her remarks.
I was fascinated by her beauty.
I'm very concerned about her illness.
I dislike her unfriendly attitude.
I felt drawn toward her.
I can't remember how to spell her name.
I can't think of her name at once.
I tried to avoid looking at her eyes.
I was taken in by her promise.
I greatly admire her for her bravery.
I was deceived by her appearance.
I like her sense of style. Her clothes and makeup always look good.
I gave in to her demands.
I was charmed by her way of speaking.
I don't like the way she speaks.
I was completely deceived by her story.
I listened to her story.
I believe her story.
I took her arm.
I thought it better that she should take a vacation.
I think she is sick.
I think she is a good dancer.
I love you more than her.
Although I am her elder, she treats me as if I were her servant.
I have known her for two years.
I took Ann for her sister.
I cannot praise her enough.
I hugged her tightly.
I had a good opinion of her.
I thought her very clever.
I know her slightly.
I caught a glimpse of her.
I asked her for a date.
I asked her for a date, only to have her say no.
I know her very well.
I suggested to him that she be invited to the party.
I wanted to surprise her.
I turned away as if I didn't like her.
I know her well.
I know her well. She is my friend.
I don't love her.
I can't help loving her.
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.
I can comfort her.
I look on her as my best friend.
I sent her home.
I cannot excuse her.
I excited her.
I was looking at her.
I never see her without thinking of her mother.
I will make her happy.
I want to make her happy.
I made her happy.
I couldn't stop myself from longing for her.
I treated her as my own daughter.
I was able to help her.
I cannot but believe her.
I admire her truly.
I consider her as an honest woman.
I persuaded her to substitute for me in that job.
I talked her into marrying him.
I tried to persuade her in vain.
I failed to persuade her.
I became weary of waiting for her.
I don't know her and I don't think I want to.
She is a stranger to me.
I gave offense to her.
I met her at Tokyo Station.
I waited for her as long as two hours.
It took me some time to persuade her.
I took her for her sister.
I took her for her sister. They look so much alike.
I made her my secretary.
I mistook her for Minako. They look so much alike.
I look on her as my sister.
I tried to stop her but she made off in a hurry.
I'll share both troubles and joys with you.
I was more angry than sad.
I don't like sad movies.
I like stories that have sad endings.
I do not feel sad.
I like to feel sad. I know that most people try to avoid any kind of sad feeling. But I think that is wrong.
I prefer comedy to tragedy.
I read the book in the light of criticism.
I was tired.
I was tired and, what is worse, I was sleepy.
I was very tired, but I was nevertheless unable to sleep.
Though I was tired, I did my best.
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
Tired as I was, I went on working.
Tired out, I carried on working.
I was very tired, so I went to bed early.
I was tired, so I didn't go.
"I am not tired." "Neither am I."
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
I'm tired, so I should get some rest.
Though I am tired, I will work hard.
I am tired and I want to go to bed.
I was too tired to go on working.
I am confronted with a great danger.
I have a very old stamp.
I got up so early that I caught the train.
I caught the last train because I walked extremely quickly.
I was very tired.
I'm really unhappy about this.
I am so busy that I have no time to read.
I can jump.
I went to Kyushu by airplane.
I want to travel by airplane.
I've never flown in an airplane.
I was very afraid in the airplane.
I was very much afraid in the airplane.
I got airsick and felt like throwing up.
I looked down on Mt. Fuji from the window of the plane.
I prefer to travel by air.
I don't like traveling by air.
I couldn't restrain a smile.
I caught a beautiful butterfly.
I saw a beautiful bird.
I am a lover of the beautiful.
I am deeply interested in art.
I like to wear my skirts knee length.
I am bound to solve this question.
I will call you without fail.
I will lose weight.
I ran for my life.
I will take such action as seems necessary.
I am of the opinion that necessity is the mother of invention.
I went from door to door trying to sell encyclopedias.
I want to learn standard English.
I slipped on the ice and hurt my head.
I fell down on the ice.
I work for a hospital.
I was held up on my way to the hospital in a traffic jam.
I recovered from my illness.
I couldn't go to work because I was sick.
I stayed at home because I was sick.
As I was sick, I did not go to school.
Because I was sick, I didn't go.
I was ill, otherwise I would have attended the meeting.
As I was ill, I couldn't go to the meeting.
I've been on sick leave.
I had to decline the invitation because I was ill.
I could not go to the party because of illness.
Illness prevented me from going to school.
I had to have my brother help me with my homework due to illness.
I am depressed by my illness.
Sickness kept me from attending the party.
I was absent from school because of illness.
I didn't go on account of illness.
I took care of my sick sister.
I asked after my sick friend.
I've been to Osaka to ask after my sick friend.
I tanned myself on the beach.
I am poor, whereas my brothers are very rich.
I pointed out that we needed more money for the poor.
I am nothing but a poor peasant.
I'm poor.
I, who am poor, cannot afford it.
I'm all thumbs.
I bear in mind that misfortunes never come singly.
I dreamed a strange dream.
I would rather be poor than make money by dishonest means.
I can't help but complain.
I'm not satisfied.
I don't care for wealth and fame.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji four times.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji.
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji.
I climbed to the top of Mt. Fuji.
I have seen Mt. Fuji.
I was not so much scared as amazed.
I am frightened of walking in the darkness.
I usually have breakfast at seven.
I usually take a shower after I play tennis, but today I couldn't.
I usually go to market on Friday.
I usually wake up at six.
I usually get home by six o'clock.
I usually get up at eight.
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.
I normally get up at 6 o'clock.
I usually have a light breakfast.
I usually go to bed at nine.
I usually get up at seven.
I usually spend the whole day idly on Sunday.
I usually watch television before supper.
I usually get up at about six-thirty.
I am pleased with this watch my father gave me.
I want my father to see the movie.
I don't like my father's attending the meeting.
I helped my father with the work.
My father gave me a game.
I was given a computer game by my father.
I want to bring up my son as my father did me.
I helped my father wash his car.
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.
I'm not ashamed of my father's being poor.
I'm proud of my father being a good cook.
I told Dad about it.
I know not only the father, but also the son.
I often went to the movies with my father.
I don't see eye to eye with my father.
I never felt at ease in my father's company.
I'm looking forward to going hunting with my father.
I like to go fishing with my father.
I'm as tall as my father.
I can't talk with my father without losing my temper.
I suggested to my father that Kumiko study in China.
I asked my father to buy this toy.
I gave my father a silk tie.
I don't take after my father.
I had my photograph taken by my father.
I supported her even against my father.
I was given a minor share of my father's wealth.
I think I will occupy myself in my father's business.
I must be about my father's business.
I took over my father's job.
I was absolved from paying my father's debt.
I asked for my father's help.
I always felt ill at ease in my father's company.
I have to go there for my father.
I am acting for my father.
I don't know my father's annual income.
I visited my father's grave.
I have read every book in my father's bookcase.
I am tired of hearing Father's stories.
I have been to Kyoto station to see my father off.
I'm proud of my father.
I tried to argue my father into buying a new car.
I introduced my father to the teacher.
I'm very proud of my father.
I borrowed money from my father.
I am a dancer by trade and I teach jazz dance.
I like grape jelly best.
I like such fruits as grapes and peaches.
I will be waiting for you in my room.
I sleep in my room.
I like to have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.
I entered the room and shook hands with him.
I changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room.
I left a duplicate key to the room with my mother.
I like to adorn my room with flowers.
I don't have to clean my room.
I want my room painted white.
I owe two months' rent for my room.
I'm busy looking for an apartment.
I was an outsider.
I need an envelope, a piece of paper, and a pencil or a pen.
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.
I opened the envelope and pulled out a letter.
I ripped the envelope open.
I had my hat blown off.
It took me ten days to get over my cold.
It took me more than one month to get over my cold.
I'm coming down with a cold.
I caught a cold.
I caught a cold. That is why I could not attend the meeting yesterday.
I have been down with a cold.
I didn't go out for fear of catching cold.
I think I'm getting a cold.
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.
I have a slight cold.
I am afraid I have a touch of a cold.
I warmed myself in the bath.
I took a bath and then had a glass of beer.
I enjoyed watching the Easter Parade.
I usually buy my clothes at the department store.
I have all my suits made to order.
I like to keep my clothes for as long as possible.
I use money for buying clothes.
I can't see well.
I prefer reading to writing.
I am surprised to hear that prices have gone up so high.
I like to read story books.
I've written a lot of stories.
I'm not good at classifying things.
I am not interested in material gain.
I'm not interested in material gains.
I like physics, and I like mathematics even more.
I have a liking for chemistry as well as for physics.
I'm not in the least interested in physics.
I have trouble with physics.
I took the right fork of the road.
I prefer payment in full to payment in part.
I'm supposed to be sensible human.
I make a point of arranging sentences in my mind before writing them down.
I am tired of hearing that.
I pricked up my ears.
I live in Hyogo.
I am a senior at Hyogo University.
I am a student at Hyogo University.
I sleep six hours a day on average.
I wear white shirts on weekdays.
I have a large library on American literature.
I hung a picture on the wall.
I hit my head hard against the wall.
I peeped out through a crack in the wall.
I'm afraid I'm not much of a musician.
Please don't look at me suspiciously.
I have other matters on hand.
I'm going through changes.
I saw a dog with one paw bandaged.
I looked all around, but I could see nobody there.
I don't like to leave people hanging.
I have some correspondence to deal with.
I don't like studying.
I played tennis after I studied.
I am studying.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
Do I have to study?
I have to study.
I watched television instead of studying.
I went to America to study.
I am going to study.
I am planning on studying and playing the flute by turns.
I often make use of the library to study.
I have no leisure to study.
I watch television before I study.
I am going to my room, where I can study.
I want to get a job that mixes work and play.
I was tired from studying.
I'm tired of studying.
I go to bed after I study.
I will establish myself as a lawyer.
I decided to be a lawyer.
Wherever I have my lunch box, I enjoy it.
I was captured.
I had to walk home.
I have to walk to school.
I go to school on foot.
I will go on foot.
I'd rather take a taxi than walk.
When I was badly off, I fell back on him.
I saw my mother hide the cake.
I hear from my mother every month.
I've never heard my mother sing a song.
I helped my mother wash the dishes.
I helped my mother clean the kitchen.
I'm really attached to my mother.
I'll help my mother wash the dishes after supper.
I went to Disneyland with my mother.
I had all my clothes washed by my mother.
I was made to stay at home by mother.
I ran to my mother.
I resemble my mother.
I am writing to you on behalf of my mother.
I asked my mother if breakfast was ready.
I am tied to my mother's apron strings.
I had a white dress made by my mother.
I went to the hospital to see my mother.
I have to help Mother.
I don't get up as early as my mother.
I cannot cook as well as my mother does.
I'm no better at cooking than my mother.
I said that to please my mother.
I followed my mother's example.
I'm waiting for my mother.
I love my mother very much.
I love, and will continue to love, my mother country.
When I heard it, I was dumbfounded.
I've finished typing the report.
He wrote out a thorough report.
I am going to play soccer after school.
I often play soccer after school.
I played tennis after school.
I play the guitar after school.
I don't study after school.
I will hand in my report after school.
I have no sense of direction so I always travel with a compass.
I have a good sense of direction, so I don't get lost.
I will follow the law.
I intend to become a lawyer.
I gave my hat a brush.
I have lost my cap.
I took off my hat and entered the church.
I must remember to post the letter.
I am busy; otherwise I would accept your invitation.
I'm busy.
As I'm very busy, don't count on me.
I am busy, and I'm not interested in that, either.
I can't help you because I am busy.
I was busy, but I helped Mother.
I cannot afford the time for a vacation.
I'm too busy to help him.
I'm not busy.
I yield to no one in abhorrence of violence.
I failed to get the position I wanted.
I adjusted the telescope to my vision.
I read a book of adventure stories.
I wanted to live in Hokkaido, but I couldn't.
I want a book.
I spent ten dollars on books.
I could do nothing but stare stupidly at the printed page.
I was absorbed in a book and didn't hear you call.
I paid five dollars for the book.
I ordered some books from London.
I returned the book to its shelf.
I put the book down and turned on the light.
I do not read books.
I get knowledge by reading books.
I went to the library to read books.
I am fond of reading.
I like reading books.
I have little time to read.
I was reading a book.
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
I'll be reading a book.
I bought a book and he a ruler.
I sold a book.
I meant what I said.
I had known his name for some time before I entered this school.
I'm going to deal with the problem in this chapter.
I am allowed 1,000 yen a month for books.
I have a large number of books on my bookshelf.
I haven't read all the books on the shelves.
I'm really longing for summer vacation.
I really enjoyed it.
I'm really concerned about your future.
I actually saw a ghost.
I couldn't but speak the truth.
I don't really look at it that way.
I do not have a sister.
I discouraged my sister from going out with the leader of the pack.
I share the room with my sister.
I am widely different from my little sister in character and habits.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
I let my sister use my new computer.
I gave my sister a dictionary.
I bought my sister a new hat.
I gave my sister a doll.
I spend less money on clothes than my sister does.
I left earlier than my sister.
I give my mother fifty thousand yen on payday every month.
I take five kinds of magazines every month.
I must return a debt every month.
I get a haircut every month.
I make it a rule to play tennis with him Sundays.
I play tennis every Sunday.
I go to church every Sunday.
I visit my parents every Sunday without fail.
I brush my teeth clean after meals.
I walk my dog along the river every morning.
I jog before breakfast every morning.
I always take a bath in the morning.
I make it a rule to take a walk for half an hour every morning.
I get up at six every morning.
I make it a rule to get up at six every morning.
I jog through Central Park every morning at 6 a.m.
I leave home for the company at seven every morning.
I told him that I get up at seven every morning.
I leave for school at eight every morning.
I report to work at 9 o'clock every morning.
I make it a rule to jog every morning.
I keep fit by jogging every morning.
Every morning I make it a rule to watch the English course on TV.
I go by that shop every morning on my way to school.
I get on the subway every morning at Ginza.
I take light exercise every morning.
I take a walk every morning.
I would sooner die than get up early every morning.
I have breakfast every morning.
I run before breakfast every morning.
I make it a rule to get up at six in the morning.
I go to bed at ten every day.
I have a bath every day.
I get two hour's exercise every day.
I take two newspapers daily.
I study for 3 hours every day.
I leave home before eight o'clock every morning.
I work from nine to five every day.
I go by that church every day.
I use it every day.
Not a day passed but I practiced playing the piano.
I swim every day.
I study English every day.
I study English half an hour every day.
I speak English daily.
I walk to school every day.
I wash my face every morning.
I go to work every day.
I follow my routine every day.
I am in the habit of taking a walk every day.
I waited every day for my dog to come home.
I have breakfast at seven every morning.
I go to work by car every day.
I walk in the forest every day.
I make it a rule to study math every day.
I wash clothes every day.
I go home early every day.
I run every day.
I have a boiled egg for breakfast every day.
I water the flowers in the garden every day.
I go to Tokyo every day.
I am keeping a diary every day.
I keep my diary every day.
I call her up every day.
He goes to school to study every day.
I decided to study every day.
I walk every day.
I help mother do the household chores every day.
I worked on it day after day.
I worked hard day after day.
I go to work every day by train.
I catch the flu every year.
I go to bed at eleven every night.
I listen to the radio every night.
I am accustomed to studying English every evening.
I am at home every evening.
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed.
I'm the youngest in the family.
I've lost my fountain pen. I have to buy one tomorrow.
I love comic books.
I read comic books.
I have grown out of the habit of reading comics.
I don't care a bit about the future.
I am on the side of democracy.
I saw a sleeping dog.
I had read only a few pages before I fell asleep.
I had a cup of tea to keep myself awake.
I awoke from a dream.
I think I was dancing in my sleep.
Now I have the hat which I thought was lost.
I ran out of the room without knowing what I was doing.
I bought a camera free of tax.
I was compelled to confess.
I was forced to sign my name.
I got the ticket for free.
I have a daughter.
I'm convinced that my daughter will pass the exam.
I'm anxious that my daughter should succeed.
I'm going to buy a camera for my daughter.
I have no idea how to do deal with my daughter.
I take great pains in educating my daughter.
I've worked out a good plan.
I am planning to make an overnight trip to Nagoya.
When I visited my friend in Nagoya, I was treated to delicious soba.
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
I do not care for fame.
I have an aspiration after fame.
I want to live.
I didn't turn off the light.
I don't forget turning out the light.
I slept with the light off.
I like light colors.
I'm going to call at his house tomorrow.
I will be fourteen years old tomorrow.
I will go to America tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
I will come back to Canada tomorrow.
I am going to play soccer tomorrow.
I'll be there tomorrow.
I am to meet the man tomorrow.
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.
I will be all tied up tomorrow afternoon.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
I will be watching TV about this time tomorrow.
I will be flying over the Pacific about this time tomorrow.
I have got to leave here early tomorrow morning.
I'm going to see the baseball game tomorrow.
I must get up as early as I can tomorrow morning.
I must put this letter into French by tomorrow.
I have to get through with the work by tomorrow.
I've got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow.
I will go to Kumamoto to see Mr Aoi tomorrow.
I will not be free tomorrow.
I will not go to school tomorrow.
I may die tomorrow.
I am going to write a letter tomorrow.
I will get up early tomorrow.
I must leave early tomorrow.
I'll leave Osaka for Tokyo tomorrow.
I'd like to sleep late tomorrow.
I am going to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I will go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I'll come back to Japan tomorrow.
I'll be seeing him tomorrow.
I'm going to see him tomorrow.
I will call on him tomorrow.
I will help him tomorrow.
I am going to call on her tomorrow.
I am off duty tomorrow.
I will have to study tomorrow.
I must remember to buy that book tomorrow.
I'll be busy tomorrow.
I will not be busy tomorrow.
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.
I feel happy because I am quit of that trouble.
I anticipated trouble.
I made a model plane.
I don't care for imitation.
I held the fur coat close to my cheek and dreamt of the day I would be able to afford it.
I studied like anything.
I have a dog trained as a seeing eye dog.
I caught a carp in a net.
I let go of the rope.
I sat down in the shade of a tree and read the book.
I made a desk of wood.
I have a wooden comb.
I tried flying from the top of the tree.
I chopped a tree down.
I bought two cotton shirts.
I must attend my history class on Thursday.
She got all the more angry for my silence.
I thought it wiser to hold my tongue.
My sight isn't good; I have to wear glasses.
I awoke to find myself completely refreshed.
By the look in his eye I could tell that he was speaking tongue in cheek.
I'm going to have my eyes examined.
When I am going to visit someone I look up to, I first write to him and tell him why.
As soon as I arrived at the destination, I called him.
I'll come back.
I parked my car by the gate.
I was asked to open the gate.
I was watching TV at night.
I never cut my nails at night.
I arrived at Osaka Station at night.
I don't like going out by myself at night.
I make it a rule not to sit up late.
I am not used to sitting up late at night.
I am used to sitting up late at night.
I'm used to staying up late at night.
I am used to staying up till late at night.
I worked far into the night.
I went to bed late at night.
I awoke three times in the night.
I waited for my husband till after midnight.
I will get to the foot of the hill before dawn.
I can play baseball, tennis, volleyball, and so on.
I like baseball.
I like baseball very much.
I was dropped from the baseball team.
I belong to the baseball team.
I am a member of the baseball team.
I have been to see the baseball game.
I like to watch a baseball game.
I prefer soccer to baseball.
I prefer tennis to baseball.
I like playing baseball.
I want to be a baseball player.
I quit the baseball club last week.
I walked around in the field.
I like to roam about the fields.
I'm afraid of wild animals.
I like wild flowers.
I hit the mark with the arrow.
I try to read as many valuable books as I can.
I became a director.
I walked about a mile.
I make it a rule never to be late for appointments.
I make a point of being in time for appointments.
I regret not having kept my promise.
I think it's important to keep a promise.
I may have made some minor mistakes in translation.
I felt sad for no reason.
I realized I was off my guard.
I make an excellent wife for him.
I found it impossible to win the championship.
I was awarded an honor prize.
My heart failed me.
I summoned up my courage, and walked inside.
I believe in friendship.
I rent a car from my friend.
I came upon a friend of mine.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
I'm looking for a gift for my friend.
I accommodated my friend with money.
I tried to talk a friend of mine out of getting married.
I telephoned my friend to congratulate him.
I got my friends to help me.
I want to pick out a present for my friend.
I am staying with a friend.
I have my friend's car at my disposal.
I didn't want to be defeated in front of my friends.
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.
I invited all my friends.
I have been to the station to see my friend off.
I went to the airport to see my friend off.
I decided to ask for my friend's help.
I invited my friends to dinner.
I think it's sad to have no friends.
I don't have any friends.
I have a few friends.
I'm waiting for my friend to arrive.
I spent the weekend with my friends.
I met a friend.
I was calling my friend.
I forgot to send New Year's cards to my friends.
I didn't meet any of my friends.
I saw my friend to the station.
I went to Kennedy Airport to see my friend off.
I do believe in ghosts.
I had a valid visa, so I was allowed to enter the country.
I had to part with my competent secretary.
I am a famous actor.
I got a famous singer's autograph.
I think that Yumi is sick.
I gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette.
I was determined not to give in to temptation.
I am tired from playing.
I went to the park to play.
I went as far as the post office.
I walked as far as the post office, where I took the bus for Tokyo Station.
I have been to the post office.
I invited Jane to dinner.
I was invited to dinner.
I study English after dinner.
I play the guitar before dinner.
I finished doing the work before supper.
I make it a practice to help my brother with his homework after supper.
I studied English for two hours after dinner.
I watch television after supper.
I play the guitar after dinner.
I play the piano after supper.
After dinner, I did my homework.
I listen to the radio after dinner.
I make a point of taking a walk before supper.
I will be through with my homework before supper.
I studied before supper.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I make it a rule to take a walk around the nearby pond in the evening.
I watch television in the evening.
I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
I was told to be ready to speak at a moment's notice.
I intended to have changed my schedule.
I made my way to the luggage office to collect the suitcase I had left there.
I have a lot of money in my savings account.
I remember playing with Yoshiko in that garden when we were young.
I acted the part of a fairy.
I can read Spanish with ease.
I expected Yoko to give up smoking.
I persuaded Yoko to give up smoking.
I'd like to stay in a Western-style hotel.
I don't care for foreign food.
I saw a flock of sheep.
I stick to the point.
I got a bit carried away when I was dancing and got up on the table.
I have two children to support.
I'll give this book to whoever wants it.
I was in the bath, with the result that I didn't hear the telephone.
I had planned to leave for New York the next morning.
I was leaving for Paris the next morning.
I'll invite whoever wants to come.
I meant to have come.
I'll take a trip to Kyoto next month.
I will go to Sydney on business next month.
This letter says he is going to marry Grace next month.
I will have been studying English for six years by the end of next month.
I will buy a new car next month.
I may go skiing at Zao next month.
I'll go to Hokkaido next month with my friend.
I am going to start a new job next week.
I will be seventeen next week.
I'm going to Europe by way of Anchorage next week.
I must calculate how much money I'll spend next week.
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.
I'm supposed to go to New York next week.
I have to hand in my report by next Wednesday.
I will be traveling round Europe next week.
I will be busy next week.
I will have finished the work by next week.
I will be traveling in Europe next week.
I'm going to see the sights of London next week.
I expect to be back next Monday.
I am leaving next week.
I'll set out for China next week.
I will visit Nara next week.
I hope to graduate from university next spring.
I believe in the life beyond.
I will be sixteen years old next year.
I am going to go to America next year.
There is a possibility that I may go to the United States next year.
I intend to study abroad in America next year.
I will be in high school next April.
I want to come here next winter again.
I am going to Hawaii next year.
I am thinking of going abroad next year.
I want to go abroad next year.
I will go abroad next year.
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.
I will not live in Sanda next year.
I plan to cycle around Shikoku next year.
I will live in Sasayama next year.
I will not live in Kobe next year.
I must sit for the entrance examination next year.
I intend to study abroad next year.
I am in need of a responsible person.
I was taken aback by a thunderclap.
I got gloomy and thought of giving up.
I felt ill at ease.
I was cool as a cucumber.
I spent hours looking for the key that I had dropped.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
I like the white of an egg.
I bought eggs, meat, vegetables, and what not.
I have an egg.
I bought half a dozen eggs.
I like both science and math.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
I will consent to the divorce.
I went into the army.
I admire a person who expresses a frank opinion.
I stood all the way.
I stopped and gazed at them.
I stopped and waited for the car to pass.
I can't stand up.
I have seen a shooting star once.
I have little, if any, interest in popular songs.
I went to Hokkaido to see the floating ice.
I want to study abroad.
I made a decision to study abroad.
I decided to study abroad.
Tell him I'm not in.
I found the answering machine convenient.
When I started traveling, I rarely felt lonely.
All during my trip I could not keep you out of my mind.
I like traveling.
"I like traveling." "So do I."
I always travel with travelers' checks instead of cash.
I had a pleasant experience on my trip.
I will go on a trip.
I am short of money for my trip.
Putting my traveling experience to good use, I started a travel agency.
I am looking forward to the trip.
I negotiated with the travel agent about the ticket price.
I made use of the maps during my journey.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
I helped my parents with the housework.
I refused to eat until my parents came home.
I was often at odds with my parents.
I live with my parents.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
I contacted my parents.
I said "good night" to my parents and went to bed.
I never fail to write to my parents every month.
I was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage.
I have been a disappointment to my parents.
I was a constant torment to my parents.
I have not seen both of his works.
Cooking's one of my strong suits.
I don't have much interest in cooking.
I have a good English dictionary.
I have a good dictionary.
I am proud of being a good son.
I am often confused with my brother.
I prefer quality to quantity.
I put quantity after quality.
I like apples.
I can peel an apple.
I am a man who can't stand being alone.
I was robbed of my wallet by the man sitting next to me.
I became aware of being closely observed by a man sitting next to me.
I looked into the next room.
I couldn't control my tears.
I was brought to tears.
I want to go abroad, for instance, to Italy and Spain.
I like hot tea better than cold.
I'm dying for a cold drink.
I felt the cold wind come into the hall.
I tried to be calm, but finally I lost my temper.
I always buy fresh vegetables instead of frozen ones.
We look up to him because of his politeness.
I believe in the immortality of the soul.
I like history.
I have little interest in history.
I'm interested in history.
I am not up on history.
I take great interest in history.
I will devote my life to the study of history.
I concentrated my attention on the little things of history.
I want to study history.
I majored in history.
I like studying history.
I took my place at the end of the line.
When I got off the train, I saw a friend of mine.
I am used to hearing the train pass by my house.
I went to Boston by train.
I returned home by train.
I went as far as Kyoto by train.
I went to Kobe by train.
I like to travel by train.
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.
I missed the train. I should have come earlier.
I ran to the station not to miss the train.
I got my foot caught in a train door.
I came across him on the train.
It occurred to me that I had left my bag on the train.
I call my sweetheart darling.
I was wet with dew.
I got up so an old man could sit in my seat.
I stood at a respectful distance from the old man.
I remember asking an old man the way.
I'm saying this out of kindness.
I helped an old woman across the street.
I gave up my seat to an old lady.
I gave up smoking six months ago.
I got up about six.
I got up at six.
I finished work at six.
He told me that I must finish the work by six.
I'll be back by six o'clock.
I will be back at half past six.
I get up at 6:30.
I have been studying English for six years now.
I've made a first draft of my thesis.
I had to work on an essay.
I meant to have finished writing the paper.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
I don't like to be spoken to.
I experienced a feeling of antipathy towards the speaker.
I want somebody to talk to.
I tried to change the subject.
I tried to change the subject, but they went on talking about politics.
My arm is hurting badly.
I broke my arm.
I must have my watch repaired.
I stood with my arms folded.
I'm a person who lives for the moment.
I tried to open the door with all my force.
I would rather be deceived than to deceive.
You must make good on your promise to me.
No one admires him more than I do.
I don't like it, either.
So do I.
I am seventeen years old, too.
I didn't know you were coming here either.
I'm glad to meet you, too.
I want to have a part-time job, too.
Please take me along with you.
Nice seeing you, too.
This is also the first time I've been to this area.
I myself did not know him.
I'm a stranger here myself.
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.
I would not have known him.
I wish I could find one just like it.
I don't, either.
Nor am I.
I think so, too.
I get off there, too.
I've been invited there, too.
I also went there.
I've heard a lot about that, too.
I was just thinking of the same thing. I'm all for that.
Nor can I.
I also had a very good time.
He added that I should come to the party, too.
I'm a councillor, too.
I don't know what to do either.
I'm glad to meet you, too, Mr Ito.
I like English, too.
I will also become a grown-up before long.
I love music, too.
All of us, including me, rode the bus.
I am no more interested in physics than you are.
I'm fine too.
I also went.
Let me in under your umbrella.
I also heard a similar story.
I can ride a horse, too.
I am a teacher, too.
I am also a citizen of Tokyo.
I'd like to order the same.
I will do it the same.
I do not like him either.
I wish I could swim as far as he can.
You and I are both students at this school.
I also stopped sleeping.
Mother is more anxious about the result of the examination than I am.
He cannot be older than I.
He is my senior by three years.
Do you take me for forty? You are wide of the mark.
It is no use trying to deceive me.
Please show me around.
You can't bend me to your will.
Would you introduce me to your friend, Mr Murphy?
Don't pick on me, please.
I entreat your pardon.
Don't let me down.
Don't make sport of me.
Please call me Joe.
Send me there.
Don't apply that nickname to me.
It is very kind of you to invite me to the party.
They had great fun at my expense.
Deceive me once, and I will forgive you; deceive me twice, and you're a double-crosser.
It is no use trying to play a trick on me.
The ones who shout at me don't bother me.
You can call me Bob.
Could you introduce me to Mr Ono of Randolph, Ltd?
Please leave me alone. I am busy.
I think I can reach the branch if you'll give me a boost.
It is kind of you to drive me home.
Later, the nurse told me she had done her best to make me well.
Don't make little of me.
What surprised me was his cold attitude.
Please look at me.
Seeing me, the dog wagged its tail.
Seeing me, she was embarrassed.
He looked at me and barked.
Seeing me, the baby began to cry.
Look at me.
No sooner had he seen me than he began to run away.
Seeing me, the dog rushed up to me.
As soon as she saw me, she greeted me with a smile.
Stop bothering me!
Don't treat me like a child.
I hope you will hear me out.
It was the teacher's narrative that bored me to death.
It was his lengthy narrative that bored me to death.
It is kind of you to give me a ride.
Please come to my room to help me.
Please help me.
It is very kind of you to help me.
Will you help me?
It is kind of her to help me.
How kind of you to help me!
Let me step inside.
I'll be glad if you will help me.
He took a risk when he helped me.
I have no one to help me.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
I intend to decline his offer to help me.
It is very kind of you to invite me.
How nice of you to invite me along!
Don't laugh at me.
Don't wait dinner for me.
Don't leave me behind!
Let me in, please.
Don't bar me out.
Tell him either to call on me or to ring me up.
Don't pass me over.
Will you take me to the gate?
It is very kind of you to invite me to dinner.
It is kind of him to invite me to dinner.
You won't let me down.
The girl staring back at me was angry.
Don't deceive me.
Are there any messages for me?
Nobody has heard of it but me.
All the members but me have faith in what he says.
Everybody knows it except me.
Everyone except me knew it.
Everyone except me was invited.
Everybody is busy except me.
From my personal point of view, his opinion is right.
For myself, I would like to take part in the game.
In my personal opinion I am against the plan.
Let me give you my personal opinion.
Get off my back about my personal life!
Methinks my own soul must be a bright invisible green.
Don't interfere in private concerns.
I myself did it.
I'll get my son to go instead of going myself.
I myself saw it.
As for me, instead of trying to be a cool, international man, I would like to be an open-minded earth person.
I wish I had a room of my own.
I myself have never seen a UFO.
I have never been there myself.
Don't pry into my private life.
We're going to the movies. Are you game?
We have freed you from a great anxiety.
It is impossible for us to cross that river.
There is no telling when we will fall ill.
When we went to karaoke, Tom went on singing all night.
We arrived here fast, didn't we?
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
Two hours is too short for us to discuss the matter.
We do not all go.
The field where we used to play ball is now all built up.
Even though we tried hard, we couldn't beat Jane.
When we got to the station, the train had already left.
By the time we reached home, the sun had completely set.
When we went to the hall, the concert had already begun.
Three years have passed since we married.
When we say that a language is culturally transmitted - that is, that it is learned rather than inherited - we mean that it is part of that whole complex of learned and shared behavior that anthropologists call culture.
The man whom we saw in the park was Mr Hill.
There are not enough chairs for us to sit on.
The music we listened to last night was wonderful.
The best policy for us to observe is to mind our own business.
In modern times we have gone through two world wars as the end result of international disputes.
In spite of our congratulations, he frowned and turned away.
Is there anyone we invited who hasn't come yet?
Our bus left at eight, arriving in Boston at eleven.
The bullet train we were on pulled out at 12 sharp.
Your help is indispensable to our success.
To our great surprise, he suddenly resigned.
The day when we arrived was a holiday.
It was raining when we arrived.
The English Channel was rough when we came across.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
They gave us a hearty welcome when we arrived.
It began to rain as we came near the pass.
The hotel which I am staying at is near the station.
The hotel at which we stayed was very comfortable.
There was nothing that we could do for them.
There is enough room for us to play.
It is a good idea for us to play shogi after dinner.
Beth looked after our dog while we were away.
We had an unpleasant experience there.
Would you like to eat with us?
Would you like to play soccer with us?
Won't you join us for dinner?
Let's ask some questions.
It's great fun for us to be with her.
It makes a difference to us whether it rains tomorrow.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
We have the ability to memorize information.
We have everything we need: money, time, and brains.
We had a pleasant evening.
We have a lot of homework to do.
We have many friends to visit in Tokyo.
I asked the waiter to see about getting us a better table.
Don't forget to write to us.
None of us have succeeded.
None of us could arrive at the harbor on time.
Our class consists of thirty students.
Our class will go on a picnic next week.
Our soccer game will be postponed.
Not all of us are against his idea.
Our team did very well.
Our football team has a good defense.
Our team triumphed over theirs.
Our hotel faces the coast.
Some of us went by bus, and the others by bicycle.
Our house was broken into by burglars last night.
The previous owners of our house moved to Liverpool.
In the course of our conversation, he referred to his youth.
Our town was bombed twice this week.
It has already been sixty years since our school was founded.
There are 30 classes in our school.
Our school was established in 1951.
Our school is near the station.
Our school is situated on a hill.
Our school is in the south of the city.
Our school burned down.
I hope to see our relationship expand.
Our basic problem is the lack of know-how.
Our holiday plans are still up in the air.
The air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
All our plans went wrong.
Our plans went wrong.
Our plan was objected to by the majority.
Our dog will bite strangers.
You shall listen to us.
Our thinking is flexible.
Our country produces a lot of sugar.
We have a local newspaper in our city.
Our city is rather small in comparison with Tokyo.
We have a 20% share of the market.
All our attempts failed.
Don't worry about us.
Our car ran out of gas after two minutes.
Our car broke down in the middle of the street.
How about staying with us for a few days?
Our train was delayed on account of the heavy snow.
Our library is on the third floor.
We owed our success to their help.
Our mode of life has changed since the introduction of European civilization.
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state, and in a way, it is.
Our teacher will return from abroad in August.
Our teacher is patient with us even when we ask silly questions.
Our teacher seldom laughs.
Our teacher speaks French as well as English.
Our teacher is marking papers.
Our teacher favors only the girl students.
Our teacher lives at the extreme end of the street.
Our teacher is going to the USA next month.
Our ship touched at Marseilles.
What's that big building ahead of us?
Many of us were tired.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own Sun.
Our university usually starts on April 1st.
Our university is in the suburbs of Tokyo.
None of us have been to Hawaii.
We'll be finished!
One town has excellent sports facilities.
Our town ran into danger.
Our city is known for its beauty all over the world.
Our long vacation has passed all too soon.
Our proposals met with little response.
Our effort ended in failure.
Our sales are decreasing.
Our feud traces back to our childhood.
Our trip was canceled due to the heavy snow.
Our trip is dependent on the weather.
Our train reached Rome after dark.
Our train left Osaka at 8:00, arriving in Tokyo by 11:00.
We appreciate your hard work.
We worry about your future.
We were obliged to obey the rule.
We took offense at the student's attitude.
We think of the plan as of value.
We named the dog Tim.
We shouldn't look down on a person only because he's homeless.
We met them by accident by the bus terminal.
We eat butter on bread.
On account of bad weather, we were forced to call off the assembly.
We sat talking about the remote past.
We agreed to share the housework.
We advanced to the finals.
We meet sometimes at the shop.
We talked over our problems.
We respond to the delicate beauty of the cherry blossoms in the spring moonlight.
We have very good business.
We'll stop at the New Osaka Hotel and pick up Mr Takakura.
We waste a lot of time.
We have used earth's energy resources as if they were limitless.
We have finished lunch.
We regard him as an important man.
We talked in a low voice so as not to be heard.
We will be enjoying the life in Paris next month.
We ran for 10 kilometers.
We have five English lessons a week.
We spent the entire day on the beach.
We went up step by step.
We suffered a loss of 10,000 dollars.
We are entitled to vote at the age of 20.
We are not going to stay at the hotel again.
We checked in at the Hilton at three o'clock.
We checked in at the hotel at three.
We defeated the other team by 3 points.
We borrowed at 5% interest.
We have a majority interest in the company.
We have lived in Osaka six years.
We are to meet at seven.
We are to meet at Yurakucho at seven.
We have dinner at seven.
We will start at 6 a.m. on August 20.
We work from nine to five.
We are to meet at the station at nine.
We purchased 10,000 shares of the General Motors stock.
We are to take an exam tomorrow.
We picked apples so as to make a pie.
We will do anything for you.
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We would like you to come to our party.
We have to demand a large amount of money of you.
We don't feel hostile toward you.
We are sorry we can't help you.
We are anxious about your health.
We depend on you.
We bought a camera, a clock and some dishes in that store.
We rented an apartment.
We usually connect Americans with freedom.
We are thinking of buying some new furniture.
Whenever we met, we never agreed on anything.
How long can we hold out against the superior enemy attacks?
We do not always take his advice.
We played many kinds of games.
We eat many kinds of food.
We grow a variety of crops.
We must think about recycling energy.
We rode in an elevator.
We stayed at our uncle's.
We need the money.
We aided him with money.
We competed with each other for the prize.
We don't get on well with each other.
We rented a canoe.
We were very impressed by his new book.
We had a narrow escape.
We were involved in a petty argument.
We went up the mountain by cable car.
We lead a very ordinary life.
We are apt to forget this fact.
We got this chair free.
We had hoped to go abroad this summer.
We have decided to climb Mt. Fuji this summer.
We live about three miles above this bridge.
We concede your right to this property.
Last summer we went to Hokkaido.
We can solve this problem easily.
We are building your house in compliance with your wishes.
We enjoyed watching a circus parade.
We ate with chopsticks in restrained silence.
We elected Jack chairman.
We regard John as our leader.
We had a splendid holiday in Sweden.
We went to the mountains to ski.
We started in no time.
We may as well start at once.
We must start at once.
We intended to start right away.
We thought it doubtful whether it would clear soon.
We're leaving here soon.
We had our photograph taken with a star player.
Forever we will change, forever we will learn.
We should do away with those bad customs.
We took a taxi so as to get there on time.
We got there at the same time.
We went to the stadium, where we enjoyed the exciting game.
We beat that team by 2-0.
We happened to be in Hokkaido then.
We telegraphed him the news.
We were present at the dedication ceremony of the building.
We must make the best of the small room.
We admired the beauty of the scenery.
We carried out that plan.
We were entirely deceived by the advertisement.
We were excited as we watched the game.
We need to review the case.
We were cooking tempura at that time.
We bought the car for $12,000.
We booked seats for the play.
We read the letter again and again.
We heard the boy playing the violin.
We made the boy our guide.
We are familiar with the name of the place.
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks.
We sniffed at the food suspiciously.
We should hold some of food in reserve.
We know him.
We estimated the damage at 1000 dollars.
We walked along the road.
We call the cat Madonna.
We went aboard the plane.
We complained that the room was cold.
We must think over the issues carefully.
We discussed the problem for a long time.
The issue is quite familiar to us.
We discussed the problem at length.
We'll have to try and make the best of it.
We may as well keep it a secret.
What reason did he give for being so late?
We associate the name of Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We have a high regard for Professor Turner.
We spend piles of money on the things we don't really use.
We happened to meet at the station.
It happened that we were on the same bus.
We happened to take the same train.
We've just finished breakfast.
At last, we reached the summit.
We treated him in the politest manner possible.
They were playing tennis.
We watched a baseball game on television.
We managed to get there on time.
We managed to get it back without her knowing.
We make it a rule to get together at intervals.
We sometimes lack patience with old people.
Everywhere we went, we enjoyed ourselves a lot.
We didn't know which car we should get in.
We look up to Tom as our leader.
We shouldn't make fun of anybody or anything.
What was it that we were told to do?
We must make up for the loss in some way.
We were taught that Newton discovered the law of gravity.
We played a lot of games at the party.
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.
We invited a novelist and poet to the party.
We ran and ran so as to catch the bus.
Must we take the bus?
We saw the parade move down the street.
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
We adore going on picnics.
We abandoned the plan to go on a picnic.
We were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic.
We are badly in want of water.
We enjoyed playing football.
We learned why the French Revolution broke out.
We are looking for someone who is proficient in French.
We should back him up so as to make the project a success.
We listened to the bell ring.
We crossed the river by boat.
We aren't very hungry yet.
We are not on the telephone yet.
We are all eager to see the movie.
We all thought it difficult to execute the plan.
We all have our tasks to perform.
We all learn by experience.
We all know that no one is perfect.
We are eight altogether.
We all took for granted that the professor could speak English.
We are all supposed to know the traffic rules.
All of us are happy.
All of us aim at success.
We all like him.
We all laughed at his joke.
We are all accustomed to working late at night.
We're all linked in friendship.
We must be going now.
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.
We ought to be more interested in environmental issues.
We must treasure nature more.
Should we get up earlier?
We should have been more careful.
We managed to swim across the river.
We enjoyed good music to the full.
We used to discuss politics far into the night.
I wasn't listening to the radio.
We are giving a dinner for her at the restaurant.
We are going to rent a car by the hour.
We had a heavy fog in London.
She was sorry to hear the bad news.
We have different ways of thinking.
We went on a picnic together.
We remembered the old days when we had played together.
We named our only son Tom after my grandfather.
It is necessary that we should study hard.
We kept discussing the problem all night.
We shall go when the rain ceases.
We could not go there because of the rain.
We were examined in English.
We call our English teacher E.T.
We study English, and that subject is important today.
We can call English an international language.
We have been studying English for three years.
We have little opportunity to use English.
We studied English.
We are to meet at the station at seven.
We left the station and walked along the street until we came to a small hotel which Sam knew about.
We caught sight of a ship in the distance.
We encountered him in a distant town.
We saw smoke in the distance.
We did the sights of Yokohama.
We have learned much about survival from lower forms of animal life.
We saw nothing strange.
We can not dispense with sleep for too many days.
We soon recognized each other, although we had not met for years.
We had a chat about our plans for the summer vacation.
We should've stayed at home.
We'll eat lunch after we get home.
We must not keep the fire burning.
We should provide against fires.
We can never get rid of the past.
We extended the meeting another 10 minutes.
We suspected our cashier of stealing the funds.
We mended some broken chairs.
We came in view of the sea.
We like swimming in the ocean.
We lived close by the sea.
We came in sight of the sea.
We had a glorious time at the seaside.
We spent our holiday at the seaside.
We enjoyed ourselves at the seaside.
We were all astonished to hear the news.
We all felt embarrassed to sing a song in public.
We have illustrated the story with pictures.
We tend to use English when we see a foreigner.
We aren't used to being spoken to by a foreigner.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
I study English at school.
We may be late for school.
We ran for the glory of the school.
We must pay attention to environmental problems.
We protected ourselves against danger.
We have some plans in view.
We surveyed the view from the top of the hill.
We stayed at my aunt's during the vacation.
We hurried, so we didn't miss the last bus.
We're in a hurry.
We were in London last winter.
We were in the first year of middle school last year.
We blew up a huge rock with dynamite.
We cut away all the grass and weeds around the church.
We made the best of our small room.
We should keep up friendly relations with neighboring countries.
It isn't as if we were rich.
Can we find joy in spite of suffering and death?
We cannot live without air and water.
We hurried to the airport, but we missed the plane.
It chanced that we were both traveling on the same train.
It happened that we met the owner of the flat.
We happened to get on the same bus.
We happened to be on the same train.
We have been waiting for hours for you to arrive.
We hope that you will succeed.
We learn much by experience.
We had better call the police.
We couldn't play outdoors because of the intense heat.
We have been married for three years.
We meet here once a month.
We have to cut down our monthly expenses.
We are in good condition.
We must be healthy.
We cannot hope for success in life unless we are in good health.
We should substitute margarine for butter for our health.
When we are in good health, we are apt to forget its value.
We hid behind a bush so that no one would see us.
We saw a stranger walking outside.
We must think about peaceful uses of atomic energy.
We can make peaceful use of atomic energy.
We are living in the age of nuclear power.
We get the materials from Malaysia.
We express our thoughts by means of language.
We had a good time in the open air.
We made our way towards our hometown.
We are dependent on each other.
We got up at four in the morning.
We took turns driving.
We cleaned the room in turn.
We alternated with each other in driving the car.
We took turns in washing the car.
We eat with our mouths.
We sat down face to face.
We exulted at our good fortune.
We seek happiness.
We discussed a wide range of topics.
We want to modify the regulations of our school.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.
We live in the suburbs.
We want to be international.
We must rid the nation of drugs.
We have to make the best of what we have.
We are just going to leave.
We are going to visit our uncle next Sunday.
We are going to visit our aunt next Sunday.
We're going to have a test today.
We are going to travel abroad this summer.
We are in a difficult situation.
We had better sit down here.
We took the shortest way to the station.
We provide for disaster.
We decided to cease financial support.
We went swimming in the river yesterday.
We got to London yesterday.
We climbed the mountain last year.
We had a party last night.
We called on him last night.
We walked three abreast.
We reached the top of the mountain.
We broke down what little resistance remained.
We looked for the boy and his bicycle that had disappeared.
We adopted a child.
We climbed high enough to see the whole city.
We make lots of things out of paper.
We are studying hard in preparation for the exams.
We had better begin to prepare for the test.
We set the time and date for the game.
We call on her now and again.
We played cards to kill time.
We must keep up with the time.
We used the computer in order to save time.
We must keep in touch with the times.
We are to be married next Sunday.
We should place much value on the environment.
We love our children.
To defend ourselves, we had to tell a lie.
We should tell children how to protect themselves.
We stand against free trade.
We are used to eating plain food.
We were disappointed with the results of the experiment.
We went to the park to take pictures.
We want a car.
We are distinct from each other in taste.
We pay an income tax at varying rates according to the size of income.
We learn English three hours a week.
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
We are asked to introduce ourselves in turn.
We introduced ourselves in turn.
We were waiting for a sight of the Queen.
We like to look feminine.
We are concerned about the shortage of the commodities.
We ran off 50 copies of the invitation.
We went on board a ship.
We hardly had time to eat our dinner.
We are comfortable in our new house.
We got on the bus at Shinjuku.
We went on a picnic to the woods.
We talked seriously to one another.
We want to know the facts.
We lost sight of Jim in the crowd.
We cannot do without water even for a day.
We are working for world peace.
We had lunch at noon.
We took lunch at noon.
Must we dress up?
We cannot avoid cutting down our living expenses.
We have a legal obligation to pay our taxes.
We used to play games like tag.
We were looking at the fire burning brightly.
We got lost in the snow.
We are teachers.
We call our teacher "Doraemon" because he's fat.
We gathered around the teacher.
We have respect for our teacher.
We called on our English teacher the other day.
We plunged into the river.
We went swimming in the river.
We went to see the cherry blossoms along the river.
We took a walk along the riverbank.
We are eleven in all.
We held our breath and waited for the result of the experiment.
We estimated the losses as exactly as possible.
We have supplied the villagers with food.
We are all foreigners in other countries.
Since we can expect no help from others, let's try to do our best.
We are apt to speak ill of others.
We should feel for the pains of others.
We are more or less related to society.
We can study English in many ways.
We are in danger of making life impossible for a large number of animal species.
We must allow for some delays.
We enjoyed a long voyage across the Pacific Ocean.
We take the blessing of the sun for granted.
We must clean up the kitchen.
We got our roof blown off in the typhoon.
We all laughed and laughed.
We flew nonstop from Osaka to Los Angeles.
We kept standing all the way to Osaka.
We need somebody with bold new ideas.
Everyone of us is responsible for his own conduct.
We were forced to back out of a contract due to the earthquake.
We dug a hole in the ground.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot.
We had been waiting since morning, but he didn't come after all.
We put up at a small hotel on the edge of the town.
We have been on bad terms with each other for a long time.
We waited in the park for a long time.
We were watching the bird eat the crumbs; then I sneezed, and he was gone in a flash.
We lost no time in sending him to the hospital.
As a rule, we have three meals a day.
We make it a rule to get together at regular intervals.
We picked flowers in the garden.
We ran after the thief.
We spent a quiet day in the country.
We climbed on, till we got to the top.
We ran out of gas on our way there.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
We often went skiing in winter.
We took a plane from Tokyo to Sapporo.
We closed the discussion.
We have a 50% interest in the company.
We came to a turn in the road.
We had to drive slowly all the way.
We lost our way and did not know what to do.
It seems that we have lost our way.
We enjoy reading books.
We traveled in South America.
We extended a wire between two posts.
We got up early so that we could see the sunrise.
We got up early in order to see the sunrise.
We started before sunrise.
We had a rest in the shade.
We go to school every day except on Sundays.
We play on Sunday.
We ran after the cat.
We carry out some research into the causes of brain damage.
We're as good as ruined.
We told our bus guide that we preferred to go shopping.
We heard the bomb go off.
We followed the tracks of the criminal.
We must promote sales.
We are having ten guests at the dinner party.
We are apt to watch TV, irrespective of what program is on.
We are babies in his eyes.
We persuaded him to change his mind.
We waited for him to turn up.
We will start when he comes.
We got him to carry our bag.
We asked him to come again.
We told a lie to him, and hurt him.
We tried to restrain him from his reckless action.
We'd like him to win the game.
We presented a watch to him.
We couldn't convince him of his mistakes.
We had our photo taken by him.
We fixed him!
We entered the room after him.
We lamented his death.
We'll have to be careful not to play into his hands.
We couldn't help laughing at his joke.
We are sure of his success.
We were astonished by his bold attempt.
We marveled at his bold attempt.
We celebrated his birthday.
We took notice of his remark.
We must allow for his poor health.
His name is familiar to us.
We could not help laughing at his story.
We advised them to start early.
We watched them play baseball.
We are on good terms with them.
We provided food and clothes for them.
We laughed at their opposition.
We did our best to help them.
We had to wait for him for ten minutes.
We took him for an American.
We call him Mike.
We recommended him as chairman.
We made him cry.
We counted him a rich man.
We believe him honest.
We persuaded him not to go.
We have to wait for him.
We usually call him Toshi.
We saw her enter the park.
We were disappointed at her absence.
We shouted for help, but no one came.
We sang for her.
We visited her house, where we had a Christmas party.
We were alarmed at her cry.
We flattered her on her cooking.
We have a few surprises in store for her.
We looked for her.
We may have to go without her.
We danced to the music for hours until we were all exhausted.
The flight took us ten hours.
We stood looking at the beautiful scenery.
We tried to come up to the standard.
We walked across the ice.
We are husband and wife.
We climbed to the top of Mt. Fuji.
We usually walk to school.
All of us were busy cleaning the room.
We must see things as they are.
We long for peace.
We hope for peace.
We walked along side by side.
We live on rice.
We sang as we walked.
We started to walk.
We always talked about a lot of things after school.
We clean our classroom after school.
We ought to obey the law.
We are so busy we'd take any help we could get.
We derive a lot of pleasure from books.
We must get down to our homework.
We can get a weather bulletin every day.
We celebrate Christmas every year.
We have supper at six every evening.
We watch television every evening.
Everything is well with us.
We are to have a garden party tomorrow.
We will visit Mr Smith tomorrow.
We are to meet again at the park tomorrow afternoon.
We start for Osaka tomorrow morning.
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.
We're going to play baseball tomorrow.
We talked the night away.
We must get up at dawn.
We had a party in the open.
We defeated them in baseball.
We had a conversation about baseball.
We put off our baseball game for two days.
We enjoyed playing baseball.
We waved flags to welcome members of our baseball team.
We should not take advantage of the generosity of a friend.
We went to the park to play.
We are invited to dinner.
We sang, danced and chatted after dinner.
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.
We are going on a journey next month.
We will have been married for ten years on this day next week.
We are supposed to have a meeting this day week.
We are looking forward to going on a hike next week.
We cooked egg dishes.
Our parents should be taken care of.
We are next-door neighbors.
His advice to us was that we should play fair.
Not all of us went to the Sapporo Snow Festival.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
We were young once, weren't we, Linda?
We all have passed the test.
We two became acquainted at a party.
Six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend.
You as well as I are wrong.
I expected him to offer some help.
I traveled at my own expense.
The private detectives accompanied the President everywhere.
How is it in a private school?
The number of private colleges has increased.
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case.
I don't know how to operate a spinning wheel.
I need some paper.
There is very little paper left, so order some more.
May I use a pencil and some paper?
The paper was blotted with ink.
I filled in my name on the paper.
Draw a line on the paper.
Draw a line on your paper.
Paper burns easily.
Paper catches fire easily.
Paper burns quickly.
Paper was invented by the Chinese.
Paper is made from wood.
A stapler is very useful for attaching papers together.
Give me a piece of paper.
May I use some paper?
Please fetch me a piece of paper.
Can I have a paper bag?
I made a paper plane.
The paper plane fell slowly to earth.
I had to leave out this problem for lack of space.
A purple carpet will not go with this red curtain.
The sudden increase of ultraviolet rays made the researchers believe in the existence of ozone holes.
Ultraviolet rays are harmful to us.
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.
You had better cut out the fat.
Would you please answer as soon as you can?
An urgent telegram brought her hurrying back to Tokyo.
I have something to tell him quickly.
The bliss was often interrupted by anxiety.
The eyes themselves can become selective, ignoring part of what is there, and the brain sometimes insists on seeing things that don't exist at all.
Sight is one of the five senses.
I'm afraid my visual field has narrowed.
My eyesight is getting worse.
Poor sight is a handicap to an athlete.
My eyesight is beginning to fail.
I have poor eyesight.
I have normal eyesight.
I have good eyesight.
If you start to go blind, just give a shout.
Please check my vision.
I'll check your vision.
I have some damage to my vision.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best mind.
I don't give a damn about poetry.
How do you interpret these lines of the poem?
Poetry helps to interpret life.
Poetry is a search for the inexplicable.
Poetry is not in his line.
The crop suffered serious damage as a consequence of the early frost.
Learning poetry is a good discipline for the memory.
It is difficult to translate a poem into another language.
Much has already been said about the difficulty of translating poetry.
The scientist has a love of facts, even isolated facts, similar to the poet's love of words.
The poet Keats belongs to the Romantic school.
The poet and scholar is dead.
As a poet he flowered in his twenties.
Poets often compare death to sleep.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
Poets write poems.
Poets have compared life to a voyage.
Unfortunately the poet died in his youth.
Tests showed that Alex wasn't just mimicking.
Let's have a go at it.
I tried writing with my left hand.
The attempts were for the most part unsuccessful.
All the vehicles behaved well on their test runs.
Success in exams doesn't mean a thing to her.
The examination is close at hand.
When I can get through my exams, I will take a long vacation.
The examination is drawing nearer.
If it were not for examinations, our school life would be happier.
But for exams, our school life would be more fun.
If it were not for exams, we would be happy.
I was at ease after all the exams were over.
The examination is approaching.
The students went at their work as the examinations approached.
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over.
We felt happy when the examination was over.
I felt like singing loudly when the exam was over.
The examination is near at hand.
I will do well on the test.
Shizuko cheated in an examination and received an appropriate punishment.
Don't you think it's wrong to cheat on an examination?
We all consider it wrong to cheat in an examination.
I feel ashamed that I got such bad marks in the examination.
I made a good shot at the exam.
You must be careful when you write answers in a test.
How did the exam go?
I wish there were no examination.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
Because I passed the examination.
I congratulate you on passing the examination.
You need not work so hard in order to pass the examination.
I must work hard to pass the test.
Study to pass the exam.
I'll do my best to pass the examination.
I'm confident of passing the examination.
I was able to pass the exam.
He failed the exam.
You needn't be ashamed because you failed the exam.
It is up to you whether you pass the examination or not.
I studied really hard so as to pass the exam.
I passed the examination, and I'm going to be an honor student.
You have to get 60 marks to pass the exam.
Study hard so that you can pass the exam.
You'd better revise history for the exam.
The names of the students who failed in the examination were posted on the bulletin board.
Failing the examination means waiting for another year.
I'm preoccupied with the exam.
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
The examination compelled me to study hard.
I'll let you know the results of the examination after they are announced.
I can't ask for the test results. I'm terrified to hear them.
He said that he would let us know later about the results of the examination.
The result of my exams was not what I had expected.
Don't worry about the results of your test.
Let me know about the result of the exam.
Your success in the examination depends on how hard you study.
She was very down because of the exam result.
What grade did you get on the test?
He's anxious about his examination result.
The date of the examination clashed with my sister's wedding.
How did you do in your exam?
The examination is at hand.
He could not get through his work, though the examination was near.
Examinations interfere with the real meaning of education.
Examinations interfere with the real purpose of education.
The examination begins next Monday.
Did you do well in the exam?
All the exams are now behind us.
The examinations are all over.
Examinations pose a big problem.
The examinations will begin on Monday next week.
There is only a week left before the examination.
The student who finishes an examination first does not necessarily get the best grade.
After finishing his examinations, my brother is enjoying skiing to his heart's content.
When he took the exam, he tried hard but failed it.
In addition to taking the tests, we have to hand in an essay.
He failed to take the exam.
If I can get through with my exams, I'll take a long vacation.
I'm very busy with the examination just before me.
Cross out any words that you do not wish the examiner to read.
Although I broke test tubes and played about with chemicals for fun, I did occasionally manage to obey the teacher's instructions as well; repeating experiments that others had long ago undertaken.
We need to make inquiries about the date of the examination.
Before the exam, he began to study in earnest.
You cannot work too hard before examinations.
During the test, she felt very sick, so she got a pass to go to the toilet.
Some of the college students who are caught cheating on the exams do not even blush.
It was tough going during the exams.
How many lessons is the examination going to cover?
I have to prepare for the test.
Through trial and error, he found the right answer by chance.
Trial and error is essential to progress.
The game was postponed due to rain.
The game had hardly started when they scored the first point.
As soon as the game started, it began to rain.
I was impatient for the game to start.
When the bell rings, he'll start strong and Luciano will lose quickly.
How about a drink after the game?
It is hard to win four successive games.
Winning the competition is important. However, fair play is more important. You need to understand that winning is not the most important thing.
Whether you win or lose, you must play fair.
They can't have lost the game.
Little did they dream of losing the game.
I watched TV during my breaks.
Interest in the game has dropped off.
Have you heard about the result of the game?
The game's outcome hangs on his performance.
Let's stay until the end of the game.
I always get nervous just before a match.
The game ended at nine o'clock.
The game ended in a victory for B school, which was quite contrary to predictions.
A game will be probably called off.
The game became exciting.
The game was drawn.
The game was rained out.
The game was put off because of rain.
The game will be held even if it rains.
The game came to a climax.
The game was drawing to an end.
The game was one point back and forth the whole game.
The game will be held rain or shine.
The match had to be called off because of the freezing weather.
The match ended in victory for him.
The game was put off until next week.
The game may have been put off till next week.
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.
The play begins at 2 p.m.
At the games they were sold by men who kept them warm in hot-water tanks.
I'd like to try this on.
Follow me to a fitting room.
Where is the changing room?
The fitting room is being used now.
You don't have to worry about funds.
There is no need to worry about funds.
Money lenders are enjoying a profitable period.
The money was enough to establish him in business.
I raise funds.
Our future will be full of difficulties because of lack of funds.
Owing to a shortage of funds, our project failed.
By and large his experiment was successful despite his lack of money.
We will have to stop this project for want of funds.
Our plan failed because of the shortage of funds.
What's included under assets?
A man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax.
Capital, land and labor are the three key factors of production.
Capital-intensive industries are not necessarily knowledge-intensive industries.
In the absence of sufficient data, the survey was given up.
What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
Cows supply milk.
She will seize us, and, instead of finding happiness, we shall perish, and all for nothing.
You cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
I tried to take our dog out of our house.
Our cat's fur has lost its luster.
One of my teeth came out.
I have a terrible toothache.
I've got a toothache.
I've got a toothache. The pain is killing me.
A toothache deprived me of sleep.
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
His teeth had gaps.
How much will it cost to get a dental cleaning?
I'd like to make an appointment for a cleaning.
I'll take some X-rays of your teeth.
We must always keep our teeth clean.
I had to have two fillings.
Clench your teeth together, please.
If we care for our teeth we won't have cavities.
You must keep your teeth clean.
Brush your teeth clean.
Bite together, please.
Clench your teeth, please.
I had a tooth pulled.
Did you brush your teeth?
I have to brush my teeth.
The dentist treated my teeth.
Can the dentist see me today?
According to dentists, decayed teeth are not always caused by sweets.
I've got to see a dentist.
Why have you delayed seeing the dentist?
I've been to the dentist.
You had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out.
I can't come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist.
The dentist doesn't want you to eat sweets.
The dentist pulled out my decayed tooth by force.
The dentist pulled my bad tooth.
The dentist pulled out his decayed tooth.
You had better go to the dentist's.
The dentist pulled out her bad tooth.
I'll take an impression of your teeth.
My gums are swollen.
I have pus coming out of my gums.
Do your gums bleed?
I have bleeding gums.
You have a gum infection.
I think I have a gum infection.
Does anything touch your gums?
Your gums are in bad shape.
I think I have a lot of plaque build up.
The plaque has to be removed.
The cog-wheels are in gear.
I think I have a lot of tartar.
The tartar has to be removed.
Please remove the tartar from my teeth.
I have pyorrhea.
The toothache made his face swell up.
I have crooked teeth.
I would like to have my teeth straightened.
Where's the toothpaste?
Brush your teeth.
The boy had bad teeth because he neglected to brush them.
Where can I find toothpaste?
I think I need braces.
I'd like to have a consultation about getting braces.
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
I am playing it safe.
I blinked in amazement at the unexpected development.
You can't say anything till you know the circumstances.
What's the story?
The truth of the matter gradually dawned on me.
The truth of the matter is dawning on him.
Few know the truth of the matter.
It goes back, Personnel Officer Paula Grayson told us, to the way many employers used to pay their employees a hundred years ago.
He failed in business.
He tried to seem calm but his trembling hands betrayed him.
He appealed to lack of funds as a reason for the failure of his enterprise.
Its business is advancing quite well.
Don't talk to others during the class.
Did you happen to be present when the accident happened?
You may as well know the truth of the matter.
Give us a true account of what happened.
There seemed to be several explanations of the case, but the police hit on the right one the first time.
There must be something at the back of the matter.
The event came about like this.
Which judge heard the case?
The politician didn't appear in public after the incident.
There's been an accident.
There's been an accident. A man is hurt. He's bleeding badly.
Medical help arrives promptly after an accident.
Do you know how the accident happened?
We'll be home by sunset barring accidents.
The crossroads where the accident happened is near here.
We cannot rule out the possibility of an accident.
The accident happened, but they couldn't help it.
An accident just happened.
In case there is an accident, report it to me at once.
For fear of accidents, please drive slowly.
As soon as the accident occurred, a police car rushed to the scene.
Guard against accidents.
All the traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident.
Traffic was halted for several hours.
I got my left arm hurt in the accident.
My car was badly damaged in the accident.
I know you're complaining about your car being totaled but it's just a good thing you weren't injured. You should be thankful to be alive.
He went blind from the accident.
I didn't have any accidents or other problems.
I just had an accident.
He worked hard none the worse for the accident.
His account of the accident accords with yours.
There's been a flood of inquiries about the accident.
After the accident, the car lay in the street upside down.
After the accident, he was banned from driving.
She stopped appearing in public after her accident.
The accident taught me to be careful.
Thank you for not blaming me for the accident.
You had better not tell your father about the accident.
The accident held up traffic.
The accident robbed him of his sight.
On account of an accident, I was late for school.
The accident prevented him from coming.
The news of the accident was only too true.
An accident delayed us for half an hour.
The cause of the accident is still under investigation.
The cause of the accident is not known to us.
The cause of the accident is a complete mystery.
The cause of the accident was being investigated by the police.
The cause of the accident is unknown.
We are looking into the cause of the accident.
After the accident, the injured people were taken to the hospital.
After the accident, the police told the crowd to keep back.
Shortly after the accident, the police came.
Have you heard about the accident?
Am I fully covered in case of an accident?
Accidents have increased in number.
It was you that was responsible for the accident.
There are no witnesses of the accident.
An accident is often brought about by a bit of carelessness.
The accident took place near that intersection.
An accident may happen at any time.
Accidents often result from carelessness.
An accident only takes a second, but an accident could get you into debt for life. I think I'll just walk.
The accident was caused by an error on the part of the driver.
Accidents will happen when we are off guard.
Instead of fewer accidents there are more.
Accidents will happen when they are least expected.
The accident was a strong argument for new safety measures.
The accident happened all of a sudden.
The accident happened on Sunday at about 3:00.
The accident bereaved her of her son.
Accidents are inevitable.
Accidents arise from carelessness.
An accident often comes of carelessness.
You might have an accident.
She cursed him for causing the accident.
It was there that I saw the accident.
The cause of the accident is still obscure.
In fact, there is a joke about passport photos: If you really look like the picture in your passport, you certainly need a vacation!
In fact, the sea has already risen 10 centimeters since the beginning of this century.
Explain the fact as clearly as possible.
You have to distinguish fact from fiction.
We should acquaint ourselves with the facts.
Facts are to the scientist what words are to the poet.
Facts are to science what words are to the poets.
Fact is stranger than fiction.
The fact is that he did not notice the difference.
The truth is that she was not there.
It fairly took time to explain the fact.
A person who makes an easy matter sound difficult does not seem to be so smart.
Circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment.
Circumstances do not allow me to say any more.
Due to circumstances, I gave up the idea of going to university.
We suggest you adjust your records accordingly.
We want a man who knows what the score is.
This is the case.
You'd better consult an attorney beforehand.
We'd better make a reservation beforehand.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse.
If things get out of hand, you should call me at the number I gave you yesterday.
The situation calls for our cool judgement.
Matters are becoming worse.
The matter is really pressing.
The situation has evolved into a more complex problem.
That is the way things went for a while.
The situation seemed to call for immediate action.
The situation is better, if anything.
Matters are getting worse and worse.
The situation is still capable of improvement.
The situation is improving, so cheer up!
I thought things would get better, but as it is, they are getting worse.
I hoped things would get better, but as it is, they are getting worse.
I am afraid things will take a turn for the worse.
There's not a moment to waste.
He said that the matter was urgent, and that there was not a moment to lose.
There was a sudden change in the situation.
The outlook is grim.
My belief is that things will change for the better.
We expected that things would get better, but, as it is, they are getting worse.
The situation is bad enough as it is.
The situation hasn't changed at all.
You must let things take their own course.
The situation has changed dramatically.
The situation is very serious.
Discover a way around the situation.
Jim looked right and left before he crossed the road.
A clerk in the office is only a pawn in the game of big business.
The clerk made an entry in his ledger.
An office machine is cranking out a stream of documents.
The office telegraphed that they had not received my application.
The office is flooded with fan letters for him.
There are some children around the office.
I cooled my heels for one hour outside his office.
The office staff worked quickly and efficiently to resolve the problem.
Put on me to the office.
The office has been transferred up to the sixth floor.
I asked the solicitor to make out my will.
Please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room.
As a similar feature it is noted that students engaged in fund-raising activities rarely contribute money they have earned themselves.
Like will to like.
Nothing really stands out.
The pupils are looking forward to the upcoming excursion.
Every child took to the new teacher.
Many child psychologists think that parents should play with their children more often and give them problems to think about.
You should not look down on her just because she writes a poor hand.
Leave more space between characters.
Please excuse my bad handwriting.
The devil lurks behind the cross.
The plants will revive after a good rain.
Giving such large contributions to charities made him feel that he had a feather in his cap.
Donations to philanthropic programs are tax-exempt.
He who carries nothing loses nothing.
For here, or to go?
Will you make it to take out?
I'd like to take that out, please.
If you're low on money, this one will be on me.
The owner sold the building for what he wanted.
Get your things together.
Don't leave your things behind.
Be sure to take all your belongings with you.
I gave him what books I had.
That stretches out ahead.
It is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry.
I had to remove some of the things I had.
Blessed are those who have no talent!
The more one has, the more one wants.
The more I get, the more I want.
Time crept on.
I think time will solve the problem.
As time goes on, grief fades away.
You will understand it as time passes.
As time went on, the sky grew darker and darker.
As time has passed; the problem has proved more serious.
She felt less sad as time passed.
He reflected on how quickly time passes.
Time will show which of us is right.
Time will tell which is right.
Only time will tell you if you're right.
Time is going by very quickly.
In the course of time, he changed his mind.
As time went on, people grew more and more concerned about the matter.
The problem came about as time passed.
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.
Time passes quickly.
As the situation is delicate, you should be careful of what you say.
Time cured her of her sorrow.
Everything will work out in due course.
Many are lost sheep at times.
You catch a big fish at times.
Time and thinking tame the strongest grief.
You must choose the second-best policy according to the circumstances.
Once in a while everything goes wrong.
Sometimes reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
Sometimes I will be weak.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones's locker with his ship.
Sometimes reading took up half his time.
Sometimes I feel tired of walking.
Time goes by very quickly, doesn't it?
Time flies.
As time goes by.
On the wings of Time grief flies away.
Time is but the stream I go a fishing in.
It was about the tenth hour.
Time passes by quickly.
Time heals all wounds.
Time heals all broken hearts.
Time passed rapidly and the work didn't advance at all.
Time tames the strongest grief.
Time is the great healer.
Time reveals truth as well as falsehood.
One should bear in mind that time is money.
It goes without saying that time is money.
It is truly said that time is money.
An old proverb says that time is money.
Time goes by quickly.
Time goes very swiftly.
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
I lost no time in doing it.
An ambulance arrived immediately.
If you have time, drop me a line now and then.
If you have a chance, please check your mailbox.
Come and see me if you have any time.
If I have time, I'll drop in.
Please come over if you have time.
I don't have much time, so I'm going to drop in at a fast-food restaurant.
Time is short, we must act NOW.
Better drop by his gallery if you have time.
If you have a minute, I'd like to talk to you about some problems.
If I were free, I would accept your invitation.
If I get time, I will.
I will call you up, provided that I have time.
As time went on, people grew less and less concerned about the matter.
As time went on, our hopes sank.
I took no note of the time.
Time went quickly.
I had so little time that I had to eat lunch in a hurry.
Not enough time to catch the last bus.
I am pressed for time.
Time is wasting.
Time presses.
Time is pressing every moment.
If I had had enough time, I could have seen more of London.
We ran out of time and had to cut short the interview.
Time is short and we must omit some of the speeches from the program.
I appreciate the lateness of the hour.
I didn't have much time so I just skimmed through the article.
Time is running out.
We ran out of time, so we had to cut our presentation short.
We walked about in the park to kill time.
I read a magazine to kill time.
Some read books to kill time.
Time is up. Hand in your papers.
Time runs on.
You're just on time.
Only a few people showed up on time.
I was lucky to be there on time.
He ran, so as to arrive on time.
Which is more valuable, time or money?
The waste of time and money is incredible.
Don't waste your time and money.
Make haste in case you are late.
In a time-bound society time is seen as linear- in other words as a straight line extending from the past, through the present, to the future.
Come and see me when you have time.
I'd like to make sure of the time.
What are the measures of time?
I spend half my time going out with her.
You're wasting your time.
Do you have much time to spare?
Since there wasn't much time to spare, she took a taxi.
The time is up to you.
We have all kinds of time.
I have plenty of time, but not enough money.
You must make the most of your time.
Time is more precious than anything else.
Time is the most precious thing.
Time is a precious thing, so we should make the best use of it.
Time is the most precious thing of all.
Time is allotted for work, recreation, and study.
I had enough time, so I didn't need to hurry.
We have enough time.
It is truly said that time is anger's medicine.
Nothing is more valuable than time, but nothing is less valued.
Nothing is so precious as time.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
Nothing is more important than time.
We won't be able to arrive home in time.
Are we likely to arrive in time?
We won't be able to arrive at the harbor in time. Let's take a shortcut.
Make good use of your time.
Take your time, or you may make some mistake.
Take your time over it.
Take the time to reflect.
Give me time.
Thank you very much for inviting me.
I'm killing time.
Let's stop wasting time and get on with this work.
Can you tell me the time?
Let's make use of our time wisely.
Punctuality is thought to be a matter of course in Europe and America.
Set the clock right.
Try to make the most of your time.
It is important that you should be punctual.
Can't you ever be punctual? I have been waiting here for one hour.
I used a computer in order to save time.
You must make much of time.
Let's economize on time.
Let's not waste time.
You must be careful not to waste time.
Let's hurry so as not to waste time.
He idles away his time.
Idling away your time is not good.
You have to beat the time.
Don't waste time.
You should not waste your time.
May I have a class schedule?
You won't get there on time.
I arrived at the station on time.
We have to be there on time, so don't stand me up tomorrow!
It's not too much to ask you to come to class on time.
I'm afraid I can't finish them in time.
Ursule asked for a pay raise of 5 dollars and 65 cents an hour yesterday.
How much is your hourly pay?
The clock struck ten.
He had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten.
The clock is ten minutes slow.
The clock says two.
As my watch was slow, I missed the special express.
The clock has just struck ten.
The clock has just struck three.
Something went wrong with my watch.
I'm afraid something is wrong with my watch.
My watch is broken, so I want a new one.
A clock stopped.
The clock has run down. I need new batteries.
My watch ran down and I didn't know the time.
My watch has run down.
The clock dictates man's movements.
A computer is no more alive than a clock is.
I asked him if he wanted a watch.
A clock must be above all correct.
A clock has two hands.
The clock has two hands, an hour hand and a minute hand.
I forgot to wind my watch up, so it stopped.
Something is the matter with my watch.
Put the clock right.
I am fixing the clock.
Don't turn the hands of a clock the other way around.
The clock is striking four.
The clock has already struck noon.
Clocks used to be wound every day.
The clock was working, but the alarm had not gone off.
He told me that he had lost his watch.
I lost the watch.
I looked at my watch and noted that it was past five.
Set the clock right. It's ten minutes fast.
I repaired the clock, it is now in order.
It cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed.
I must get my watch repaired.
It is rather difficult to assemble a watch.
I must adjust my watch. It's slow.
We will set our watch by Japan Time.
Taking a watch apart is easier than putting it together.
When he lost his watch he didn't seem to care.
The timetable has been revised.
May I have a timetable?
Do you have a timetable?
May I see the timetable?
Could I see the timetable?
You can depend on the timetable to tell you when trains leave.
I hope you're prepared to communicate under these conditions, because e-mail is most effective and convenient when different time zones are taken into consideration.
Jet lag is more than just feeling tired - on top of that you just don't feel well.
I've got a bad case of jet lag.
At times I confuse "curve" with "carve".
Sometimes, father will ask me unexpectedly.
My dad drops in on me from time to time.
Sometimes I feel like kicking my own rump.
Once in a while my uncle took me to the harbor.
Sometimes, one of the politicians can be seen trying to keep the audience's opinions under control during televised debates.
Now and then I think of divorcing him.
At times, I can't trust him.
He sometimes feels like eating Japanese-style food.
I watch TV now and then.
Sometimes an Italian street musician came to town.
My temper sometimes gets the better of me.
I play golf every so often.
I sometimes see him on TV.
I watch TV off and on.
Sometimes Tony visited his family.
Please come to see me from time to time.
Please write to me once in a while.
Write to me sometimes and let me know how you are doing.
Remember me from time to time.
I sometimes suffer from pain in my lower back.
I sometimes go out for a walk.
At times we go for a drive.
Now and then, I looked up at the sky.
I get lonely at times.
You must sometimes write to me.
He sometimes affects indifference to what's happening around him.
Sometimes I get out of line.
I sometimes see him on the street.
Sometimes he acted as if he were my boss.
Sometimes he spends time by himself.
Sometimes he acts as if he were my boss.
Once in a while he tells strange things.
They sometimes play baseball.
Now and then she plays tennis.
She comes to see me from time to time.
Sometimes she tried talking to him about India.
Sometimes she was careless enough to lose her way.
Come and see me from time to time.
At times the train doesn't arrive on time.
Keep abreast with the times.
You had better read as many newspapers as you can so that you may not be left behind the times.
Read as many newspapers as you can so as to keep up with the times.
You should read the newspapers in order to keep up with the times.
You must read the newspaper so that you may keep up with the times.
Read newspapers at least lest you should be left behind the times.
It is necessary to keep up with the times.
Be sure to read the newspaper so as to keep pace with the times.
We are expecting an occasional rainfall.
At times I feel sad.
The meetings were held at intervals.
Other times, other manners.
Keep up with the times.
It is rather difficult for an old man to keep up with the times.
I bought a new computer to keep up with the times.
Read a newspaper to keep up with the times.
The sweep of the times is changing rapidly.
It's not easy to keep up with the times.
Times may change, but human nature stay the same.
The obsolete regime is about to collapse.
Next time I switch jobs, I need work that will let me make use of the experience I've gained up to now.
One failure followed another.
One difficulty after another arose.
The next is yours.
Next, we will talk to Ms. Pam Roland.
The following example of sick humor will enable you to judge for yourself.
I will tell him the news as soon as I see him.
Please tell me where to go next.
Tell us what to do next.
Then it draws more silky lines across these spokes, leaving a smooth, non-sticky patch in the middle of the web.
Then the guest of honor opens them and expresses his or her appreciation.
Drop in on us when you next visit London.
There is no telling what will happen next.
What happened next, I don't know.
There is no knowing what will happen next.
Nobody knows what will happen next.
There is no telling what may happen next.
Please tell us what to do next.
Ask him what to do next.
What we should do next is the question.
I have no idea what to do next.
What am I to do next?
It always thrills me to think of what she'll do next.
What to do next is the question.
We must consider what to do next.
Can you see what to do next?
What to do next is our question.
He didn't know what to do next.
I can't guess what to do next.
Will you tell me what I should do next?
The next time that I see you, you will be quite different.
Please call me when you come next.
What followed was unpleasant.
What happened next was terrible.
The next thing to be considered was food.
What town does the bus stop at next?
The next train to arrive was from Chicago.
I will spend next Sunday reading novels.
I will be at home when he comes next.
She went on to lay out two more parks in the town.
May I have your next dance?
Next time you come, don't forget to give it back to me.
Aren't you looking forward to your next chance to speak?
We hope the next 20 years will be even more successful for all of us.
We'll have lived here for two years next April.
By next April will you have studied English for ten years?
Let's stop at the next gas station.
How many miles is it to the next gas station?
Turn left at the next corner.
We will have known each other for three years next Christmas.
The followings are the chief events of 1993.
Explain the following.
I'm thinking of going to Disneyland for my next date with Jane.
How far is the next gas station?
Let's turn off at the next rest stop.
We may miss the next bus but at any rate we'll be there before midnight.
I'll take the next bus.
You would do well to make sure when the next bus starts.
The next bus came thirty minutes later.
Can you tell me when the next bus will arrive?
I had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus.
How long do I have to wait for the next bus?
We may as well walk as wait for the next bus.
You'd better wait for the next bus.
You have to change buses at the next stop.
The next Hikari arrives at 9:15.
Look at the next page.
When is your next train for Boston?
I'll ask you these questions.
Let us inform you that the following arrangements have been made.
Imagine a problem such as this: Suppose your brother has a car accident.
We'll note it in the following way.
Are you going to take part in the next race?
What time's the next train to Washington?
The following passage was quoted from a well-known fable.
I'm getting off at the next stop, please keep your seat.
You'll have to get off at the next station.
I'll get off at the next station.
You have to change trains at the next stop.
We'll change trains at the next station.
At the next station, nearly everyone got off the train.
Change trains at the next station.
When the next singer came on, it began to rain.
A notice about the next meeting was posted on the door.
We advanced the date of the meeting.
Please be advised that the next meeting will be held on April 15.
The next meeting will take place in a few days.
Please tell me when the next meeting will be held.
Let's kick it around at the next meeting.
Please advise me of the date for the next meeting.
We agreed on a date for the next meeting.
The next meeting will be on the tenth of June.
Turn right at the next corner.
Please set me down at the next corner.
I'll take a rain check on that.
The following descriptive analysis was derived from over 1500 closely-monitored questionnaires.
The next discussion concerns the transplantation of prenatal tissues.
We need to fill up at the next gas station.
Coming up next is "We are the world."
Please come next Friday.
I will be seeing her again next Friday.
Let's put off the meeting until next Friday.
The next train to the airport departs from platform 2.
We will have an English test next Monday.
Will I be able to see you next Monday?
You should receive the letter by next Monday.
Drive to the next intersection and make a left turn.
Turn right at the next crossing.
We will have lived here for a year next March.
By next April you will have studied English for ten years.
I ought to prepare for the next examination, but I just don't feel up to it now.
You had better prepare yourself for the next game.
Let me play the next game.
Next period I take an exam in German.
What is the next class?
Let us begin our analysis by positing the following question.
We must learn this poem by heart by the next lesson.
We all anticipate seeing you next weekend.
The next instant Hercules caught hold of the monster.
Study the next chapter.
What time is the next performance?
The next Shinkansen train leaves at just nine o'clock.
Let's look ahead to the next century.
He'll probably win in the next election.
In the next election, the Democratic Party is expected to get the better of the Republican Party.
What time does the airport bus leave?
I will be sixteen next birthday.
I said that I would be twenty next birthday.
The next stage was to enter a good arts school.
On the following day, we all had terrible hangovers.
The next morning found him dead in his bathroom.
You'll find our house at the end of the next street.
What is the next stop?
Get off at the next stop.
Get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport.
I am going to get off at the next stop.
When does the next train leave?
They are the next to be on duty for taking care of the rabbits.
I want to introduce you to my parents next Saturday.
Let's clean the entire office next Saturday.
Please leave next Saturday afternoon free.
We must hand in a history paper by next Saturday.
The next day was Christmas Day.
The next day I came back, and I had a new waitress.
The next day, the cold was cured.
I will come to see you next Sunday.
How about holding a barbecue party next Sunday?
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
Keep next Sunday free.
I will have been staying in this hotel for one month next Sunday.
There will be a concert next Sunday.
Where would you like to go next Sunday?
I am looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
She suggested that we go shopping to Motomachi next Sunday.
Shall I come next Sunday?
What do you say to going on a hike next Sunday?
I wonder if you'd like to go out with me this Sunday.
Next year my birthday will fall on Sunday.
The next night I came and I had the same new waitress.
Ask him when the next plane leaves.
Correct the following sentences.
Put the following sentences into English.
Translate the following sentences into Japanese.
He will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
Put the following sentences into Japanese.
There is a canceled seat available on the next flight.
Is it possible to get on the next flight?
Next person, please.
He proceeded to the next question.
Make another appointment at the front desk.
Can you come at ten on May second?
What time does the next train leave for Tokyo?
Tell me the exact time when the next train will arrive.
The next train will be less crowded than this one.
There was a two hour's interval to the next train.
We have a little time before the next train.
When shall we get together next?
When should I come again?
Better luck next time.
Please show me what to do next.
Where would you like to go next?
Which game shall we play next?
I expect to sing better next time.
Let me treat you next time, then.
It's your turn next.
My turn comes next.
Next time phone ahead.
Try and do better next time.
Do a better job next time.
Would you mind coming earlier next time?
I hope to visit Nara next time.
Next time bring me that book without fail!
We'll meet next time at ten o'clock, June the first, next year.
The next issue will feature articles on divorce.
One event followed another.
One after another the animals died.
We can see more and more swallows.
More and more physicians have begun to use the new medicines.
Come on, Jiro.
Jiro communicates with his pen pal in Australia.
Jiro doesn't have to go to school today.
Jiro finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
Jiro wants to drink Coke.
Jiro could not act otherwise.
Jiro has not come back from New York yet.
Jiro advised me on which book to buy.
Jiro made a sketch of Mt. Fuji.
Jiro gave his suit a quick brush.
Jiro is indifferent about clothing.
Jiro seems to have missed the train.
It will take a while to go away.
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
Prevention is better than cure.
I have hemorrhoids.
Compass needles point to the north.
A magnet attracts iron.
My earwax got very hard.
I can't remove my earwax.
What do you use to pick wax out of your ears?
I have an ear infection.
I have an itch in my ear.
My ears are frostbitten.
My ears feel plugged up.
My ears burn.
I have an earache.
I'm sick of hearing it.
I often have ear infections.
Deaf people can talk in sign language.
Would you like your ears to show?
He was deaf, too.
I listened but couldn't make out what they were saying.
I cannot choose but hear.
I'd like it above my ears.
I listened, but I heard nothing.
Lend me your ears!
I've got an attractive proposition for you.
You've told me something.
Don't buzz about my ears.
I want the wax cleaned from my ears.
I hear a noise offensive to the ear.
I have a ringing in my ears.
My ear is ringing.
Confess himself to be a spy.
I hate myself for my own error.
You should carry out your duty.
He grieved over his failures.
He is digging his own grave.
Volunteers collected donations for the benefit of the handicapped.
I prefer to work on my own.
This may sound like blowing my own horn, but ...
When you paint a self-portrait, you sit staring hard at yourself.
Keep to your own line.
Don't be overconfident.
Be your own person and don't imitate others.
Would you introduce yourself?
May I introduce myself to you?
May I introduce myself?
He is a self-oriented person.
We cannot know too much about our own language.
Suicide is a desperate act.
Proper praise stinks.
Self-praise is no recommendation.
Self-help is the best help.
Have confidence. You can do it.
Don't lose confidence, Mike.
You should beware of overconfidence.
Try to control yourself.
You must learn to govern your temper.
She got it at her own expense.
Don't take it for granted that the nature is always there to help us.
Nature provides them with the means of survival.
It'll cure itself naturally.
Japanese people are fortunate to live in a land with natural hot springs.
A book descriptive of the wonders of nature.
The simple perception of natural forms is a delight.
There is nothing useless in nature.
You can't go against the laws of nature.
Nature provides other forms of protection against environmental dangers.
Nature is under attack on all fronts.
Nature plays an important role in our life.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments.
The balance of nature is very fragile.
Let's stop the deterioration of the natural environment.
Since many organizations are putting effort into recycling in order to restore the natural environment, why won't you contribute to reforestation?
A natural diet is suitable for human digestion.
Natural food is not always good for our digestion.
Natural food will do you good.
His pride did not allow him to take the money.
His pride would not brook such insults.
With a bicycle, I could reach your house in 20 minutes.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
My bicycle was stolen.
Some go to school by bicycle, others go by bus.
I was thinking to go there by bike, but it began to rain.
I bike to work.
The boy riding a bicycle is my brother.
May I ride a bicycle?
I went out by bicycle.
You cannot be too careful in riding a bicycle.
I have to fix my flat tire before I can resume cycling.
Can't you ride a bicycle?
I had the brakes of my bicycle adjusted.
It's a dull job to clean a bike.
Two people riding on a bicycle at the same time is dangerous.
The bicycle is racing to finish.
The bike was mangled in its collision with the truck.
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars.
Do you think I'll get the bike?
Please move your car out of here.
I got the bicycle at a bargain.
Don't leave the bicycle out in the rain.
I don't have a bicycle.
Don't you have a bicycle?
Do you have a bicycle?
May I borrow your bicycle?
May I borrow your bike?
It cost me 5,000 yen to repair my bicycle.
Will you lend me your bicycle?
I was asked to fix the bicycle.
Put away your bicycle.
He's so deep in debt that he has to get money from one person to cover his other debts.
In his autobiography, he repeatedly refers to his unhappy school days.
The automatic doors opened and Tom got in.
The cars collided head on.
The car is running fast.
Before automobiles filled out streets, city air used to be clean.
Automobiles replaced carriages.
It's fun to take a trip in an automobile.
An automobile has four wheels.
Wasn't he killed by a car?
Carriages gradually disappeared with the advent of the motorcar.
The number of automobiles has been increasing.
Automobile sales suffered a setback at the end of the financial year.
Auto imports will take a nose-dive in the first quarter.
The car just shaved the corner.
Cars are factory products, while foods are farm products.
Automobiles are made in factories.
The car made a turn to the left.
The automobile has changed our life.
Traffic and passers-by stopped as they were slowly seen off from the little village.
Look out for pedestrians when you drive a car.
Fasten your seat belts when you drive a car.
The car is waiting at the gate.
Competition is very keen in the car industry.
Many people will lose their jobs due to the slump in the auto industry.
The automobile industry is one of the main industries in Japan.
The scene of the traffic accident was a horrible sight.
The car crash was a bad experience for her.
Automobile production has peaked out.
Car manufacturing is carried out by computer-programmed robots in place of human workers.
The vending machines are over there.
Did you study by yourself?
She kneed me again, not even caring that she was hurt.
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
Do as you would be done by.
He who thinks himself already too wise to learn from others will never succeed in doing anything.
I do not feel myself equal to the task.
I am uncertain as to whether I am the right person for the job.
Little did I think that I would win the prize.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
You always try to get what you want.
I can't conceive how I could have made such a mistake.
Not knowing where she was, she stopped and asked the way on the street.
Those men are rich who are contented with what they have.
Imagine yourself as a billionaire.
You've got to carry out your commitment at all costs.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
Instead, they live alone as long as they are able to take care of themselves.
Around his facts the scientist weaves a logical pattern or theory which gives the facts meaning, order, and significance.
Little did I think that I would win.
It is no use being a writer if one is not in sympathy with the world in which one is living.
I do not know the exact place that I was born.
I wish I were a stone.
We are not as happy or unhappy as we imagine ourselves to be.
It's hard to admit to yourself that you are a failure.
I was amazed to learn I had won.
I feel like another person.
You should do your best to carry out your promises.
Happy are those who think themselves wise.
You may think you are clever, but you cannot laugh at me because of that.
She obviously thought she was a good woman, but...
You shouldn't live merely in pursuit of your own happiness.
They don't see the extent to which they depend on others.
We discussed the matter among ourselves.
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.
Those guys are ruthless, covering up their tracks like that after all their wrongdoing.
We should be conscious of our shortcomings.
We want a house of our own.
We should keep ourselves clean.
You have to appear in person.
Do your own work.
Why not look into the matter yourself?
Solve the problem.
You must do it for yourself.
Do it yourself and that at once.
I was sure I understood it, but on thinking it over, I realized I didn't know at all.
I feel as if I were another person.
Who she saw was not herself but a different woman.
He fancies himself somebody.
Though he wouldn't admit it, he was very tired.
I am not certain what I have in mind myself.
I quite appreciate it.
You brought it on yourself.
You will have to be responsible for what you've done.
I prefer to do it on my own.
I know myself very well.
Don't use any words whose meanings you don't know well.
You have to make do with what you've got.
Not driving himself, he isn't familiar with cars.
He thinks it's safer to drive himself than to let me drive.
You should try to figure it out for yourself.
It is very important to think for yourself and to study.
I don't go to the movies as often as I'd like.
Instead of going himself, he sent his son to the political meeting.
I didn't make it myself.
Try it out yourself.
He has to burn his fingers.
He has to burn his fingers to learn.
You can read a lot more than you think you can.
If you make your own clothes, it will save you money.
Nothing gives us so much pleasure as making things ourselves.
I bought a word processor for making a book on my own.
Go tell him yourself.
As for myself, I am satisfied.
You must do what seems right to you.
Is she faultless herself?
I have no self-esteem.
Don't interfere with matters that do not concern you!
Any offence against himself he forgave readily.
I don't want to see my future after 30 years.
She knows herself well.
Attend to your business alone!
I can take care of yours truly.
It is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself.
The pot can't call the kettle black.
You ought to answer for what you have done.
Reflect on what you have done.
I have my own stereo set.
She is vain about her slender figure.
He could not hide his disgust at the task he was to perform.
It is a worthy ambition to do well whatever one does.
One should always be careful in talking about one's finances.
All his geese are swans.
Put away your things.
You shouldn't impose your opinion on others.
Did you come here of your own free will?
I tried to make myself understood, but in vain.
We must read such books as will benefit us.
I'll try my luck.
I might as well kill myself as reconcile myself to my fate.
Happy is the man who is contented with his lot.
If you are to improve your English, you had better go to countries where it is spoken.
I am ashamed of myself for my poor English.
I wish I had a house of my own.
It is beyond my power to build my own house.
I don't want a Ferrari bad enough to sell my house to get one.
I attached my name-tag to my baggage, but it soon came off.
There is no need to be ashamed of confessing one's mistakes.
Why don't you admit your mistake?
Few politicians admit their mistakes.
It's time to reflect on your past.
It is time to reflect on your past.
Hey! Scott! Pay my bill!
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
As you look at your face, you try to figure out what is happening behind it, in your mind.
You don't have to hide your feelings.
I cannot describe my feelings.
To stand in your own feet means to be independent.
You had better live on your salary.
I'm content with my salary.
I haven't a cent to my name.
The wearer knows best where the shoe pinches.
One is apt to forget his own faults.
Few people can realize their faults.
Few people will admit their faults.
We must take care of ourselves.
It goes without saying that those who are awake to their own rights must respect those of others.
Some people are good at remembering their dreams, others forget theirs.
I found it difficult to make myself understood.
You should be more sensitive to how people feel about your words.
One is responsible for one's own words.
You should stick to what you say.
It's necessary to make his language like other people's.
Develop your linguistic competence as much as possible.
It is important to know your own limitations.
Don't blame others for your own fault.
You can do it however you like.
I found no shoes completely to my taste.
Don't intrude your opinions on others.
It's not good to force our ideas on others.
It is sometimes very hard to put your idea across.
Don't press your opinion on me.
One must be responsible for one's conduct.
When I think back on what I did, I feel pretty stupid.
You should be ashamed of your behavior.
He looked upon it as his duty to see to the welfare of the people on his land.
You should get acquainted with the history of your own country.
There is no one but loves his own country.
You should harmonize your ambitions with your abilities.
You should choose a job in relation to your talents and interests.
You should make the most of this rare opportunity to demonstrate your talent.
It won't do you any good to talk up your own work like that.
Go about your business!
I really love my work.
Give yourself to your work with body and soul.
Do you take pride in your work?
Put your heart into your business.
Apply yourself to your own work.
Have you finished your share of the work?
He didn't really like his job, but he owed money on his new house.
It is acceptable to mention your job and interests and to ask the other person about his, but be careful not to let the conversation become too personal.
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.
Look at yourself in the mirror.
There is no mother that doesn't love her children.
Don't compare your children with others.
Do be kind to your children!
I had enough to do to look after my own children.
It is only when you have your own children that you realize the trouble of parenthood.
He will try to have his own way.
I cannot look back on my adolescence without feeling depressed.
You must be careful of yourself.
Go about your business.
Show your own business.
Put your name on all your belongings.
Don't leave your stuff behind.
It's no use thinking about one's lost youth.
Don't accuse others for your own failure.
Don't blame others for your failure.
He came upon an old friend when he visited his club.
Who buys tickets to ride in their own motor car?
I acted up to my principles.
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
Try to live within your income.
Do your homework for yourself.
One should do one's homework by oneself.
I would rather die than conceal my belief.
I'll stand up for what I believe in and won't yield to any threats.
I am thrilled with my new home.
You make your own life.
Do you ever feel like you're running down?
Do everything at your own risk.
You have to dig down and pay for it.
He cannot speak well that cannot hold his tongue.
What's in front of you?
It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest.
Some people live on their sons.
To stand on your own feet means to be independent.
Many a reader skips the words that he doesn't know.
I gave my old clothes for the church flea market sale.
Having boasted how sure his hunches were, he was forced to eat his hat when he guessed wrong.
Tend to your own affairs.
You must fulfill your duty.
I have much confidence in my ability.
You must work according to your ability.
Albert is always trying his hand at something to test his own skill.
You are honest to admit your mistake.
Her conceit about her beauty annoyed many people.
He is reading a book in his room.
I always keep my room as tidy as I can.
Keep your room neat and tidy.
I want to keep my room as neat as possible.
Keep your room as neat as you can.
It is hard work to keep my room in proper order.
Having put his room in order, he went out.
Put your room in order.
Sweep my room.
Let me pay my share.
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
She didn't think her dream would ever come true.
Her eyes ran over the list to see if her name was on it.
He heard his name called.
I heard my name called from behind me.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
I scarcely believed my eyes.
Read such books as are useful to you.
You should be true to your word.
It's small of you to speak ill of your friends.
If you take a close look, you'll find that your friends and you have similar personalities.
He must be crazy to treat his parents like this.
The subject is out of his sphere.
I can do it alone.
He thought how foolish he had been.
She maintains her innocence.
Don't pick on younger kids.
She was hurt to find that nobody took any notice of her.
You shouldn't let people make use of you like that.
There is no man but loves himself.
Don't sell yourself short.
He thinks himself to be somebody.
Who do you think you are, to look at me like this?
No one likes being thought a fool.
You don't have to kick yourself.
Do good to those who hate you.
Respect yourself.
It is difficult to know oneself.
Don't be ashamed of yourself.
I don't want to let myself go bad.
Imagine a situation where you are all alone.
No man can live for himself.
Socrates said that recognising your own ignorance is the first step towards wisdom.
It is our capacity to mold ourselves.
I believe in myself and trust what I do.
Have confidence in yourself.
You are backing yourself into a bad emotional corner.
To know oneself is difficult.
To know oneself is very difficult.
You should know yourself.
The selfish man was despised by his colleagues.
Little did we imagine finding ourselves in Paris.
Never surrender yourself to despair.
I flatter myself that I'm the best golfer in the club.
It may sound like blowing my own horn, but I can speak French.
The LDP needs a spiritual cleansing.
The LDP brought out a bill to raise taxes, but they met with such violent opposition that they backed down.
Freedom is the very essence of our democracy.
Freedom is the breath of life.
Too much liberty spoils all.
Freedom is usually equated with doing whatever you like.
There is a great difference between liberty and license.
You must not confuse liberty with license.
Having lots of free time, I've decided to study French.
You may spend this money freely.
Please take one.
Please take freely.
You are free to use this dictionary.
You are free to use this car.
You are at liberty to state your own views.
May I help myself?
Please help yourself to anything you like.
The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America.
Freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized.
The road to freedom: hard to climb.
I'm prepared to do anything to protect freedom.
The free market system is endangered.
The rights of the individual are important in a free society.
The foundation of free nations is democracy.
Could I have three seats in the unreserved section?
A son who could not learn to paddle his own canoe does not deserve to inherit his father's fortune.
You must sow before you can reap.
Seeds unsown do not grow.
Without a dictionary, it would be hard to study English.
If you need a dictionary, I'll lend you an old one that I have.
Look up the phrase in your dictionary.
Look it up in your dictionary.
Talking of dictionaries, I have benefited from various kinds.
There's still plenty of room for improvement in dictionaries.
There are dictionaries and dictionaries.
What a dictionary says is not always right.
It is useless to try to remember all the words in the dictionary.
The dictionary is close at hand.
We use a dictionary to look up the meaning of words.
A dictionary is an important aid in language learning.
A dictionary defines words.
Dictionaries are used to look up the words you don't know.
A dictionary is an excellent reference book.
Try to make the most of your dictionary.
I left my dictionary downstairs.
May I use your dictionary?
Would you please lend me your dictionary?
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time.
The resignations would have little or no effect on upcoming indications.
The deer was running by itself.
The deer darted off in alarm.
Deer were once the main game.
A deer ran for its life.
The deer slept on a bed of leaves.
Deer are good game.
I've never visited Kagoshima, but I intend to this summer.
The tanker was launched after the ceremony.
Are you going to attend ceremony?
The ceremony was followed by the reception.
The result of this experiment is obscured by the extra variables added in the formula.
Preparations for the ceremony are under way.
I go to school at seven.
It is waiting in the park at 7 o'clock.
It was seven thirty.
At seven-thirty, we too closed the door behind us.
After an absence of seven years, I went home.
Have a happy Turkey day.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
The scolded boy was sobbing.
Owing to a change of administrations, he lost his job.
Nothing is missing.
The lost chance will never come again.
It's difficult to make up for lost time.
Money cannot make up for lost time.
You have to make up the time you have lost.
We hurried to make up for the lost time.
We must work hard to make up for lost time.
Lost time must be made up for.
I searched all the rooms for the lost thing.
Money cannot pay for the loss of happiness.
Time lost cannot be recalled.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
Being unemployed gave me the chance to stand back and think about my life.
I hear that the number of the unemployed has been increasing recently.
The unemployed always wind up at the bottom of the heap.
The number of unemployed people will rise by degrees.
The unemployment rate went up to 5%.
The unemployment rate dropped to a five-year low in January.
The unemployment rate will rise by degrees.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
Don't give up if you fail.
I choked! I should have come up with a proper plan first.
I shouldn't have done it.
What if I fail?
If you fail, try again!
She did not let failure discourage her.
Take care not to fail.
He feels happy in spite of his failure.
Calculating the risk which is involved in the event of failure, he demanded a show-down with the other party.
You ought to blame yourself, not the others, for the failure.
We learn by trial and error.
The failure resulted from his idleness.
Failures often spring from ignorance.
Don't blame the mistake on her.
Don't be scared of making mistakes.
It's not fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
Keep up your courage.
What greater misfortune is there than to go blind?
Can I be excused?
Excuse my clumsiness.
I excused myself from the table.
I beg to differ.
I beg to differ with you.
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
I'm sorry to say I don't remember your name.
Excuse me, but do you mind if I ask your name?
Excuse me, but may I open the window?
Sorry, but I think you've got the wrong number.
May I presume to tell you that you are wrong?
I beg to point out that your calculation is wrong.
Excuse me, but do you mind if ask your name?
I beg to differ from you on that point.
Pardon me, but that is my racket.
I am afraid you have the advantage of me.
And who might you be?
Excuse me, but aren't you Dr. White?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the station?
I beg to modify your proposal.
I make so bold as to ask you.
I took the liberty of calling her.
Please excuse me for being rude.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
A jealous person gets a feeling of contentment by behaving like a dog in the manger even with his friends.
Remove your hat when you go inside.
What's the room rate?
The wet climate did not agree with his constitution.
A humid climate is characteristic of the peninsula.
What about the rash?
The rash is, um, also incredibly contagious.
This one is of much higher quality than that one.
In terms of quality, his is the best report.
Services of better quality are in demand.
Quantity rather than quality is important.
Don't hesitate to ask your teacher a question.
Please ask me any time you have a question.
Ask the teacher when you have a question.
If you have some questions, please refer to this guidebook.
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.
If you have a question, please ask me.
Raise your hand if you have a question.
The question was so complicated that they were all mixed up.
The question was discussed in detail.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I am to be able to answer them.
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't hesitate to ask questions.
I am at a loss how to answer the question.
Your answer to the question turned out to be wrong.
Answer the question.
Must I answer all the questions?
I would like to address two questions.
Will you put your questions in written form?
Put the question in writing.
Ask your question.
Would you mind repeating the question?
Bold as brass.
What a wonderful idea!
A special tax is imposed on very high incomes.
It's really stinky.
After doing quality work, his average has gone up marvellously.
In fact, to move at any speed the polar bear uses twice as much energy as do most other mammals.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about him.
I was in fact thirty-one at the time.
As a matter of fact, he knows very little of the matter.
In fact, he's a billionaire.
As a matter of fact, he doesn't agree with me.
To tell the truth, she gave away all her money to others in desperation.
Actually, I did not witness the traffic accident.
The truth is, I want to be a writer.
To tell the truth, I'm tired of violent movies.
Actually, I haven't gotten any letters yet.
The fact is we were not invited.
The tree bent under the weight of the fruit.
The truth is, Ellen liked you a whole lot.
In fact, the inhabitants have been exposed to radioactive rays.
Guess what! I'm going to New Zealand to study.
In fact you are quite right.
As a matter of fact, I have had nothing since this morning.
Actually, I didn't know anything about those plans.
As a matter of fact, I've only just arrived myself.
The fact is that I don't know anything about him.
In fact, he has never been to New York.
The fact is that he is too busy to see you.
I have a favor to ask.
Actually, I have a favor to ask of you.
The fact is that I have no money with me.
This, in essence, is the secret of science.
The fact is that the rumor is groundless.
The fact is, I have heard nothing about it.
The fact is that he slept late that morning.
To tell the truth, I know nothing about the matter.
As a matter of fact, it is true.
In fact I don't know anything about it.
Actually it was only a rumor.
Actually, it was only a rumor.
I am getting married to the most beautiful girl in town.
In fact, you are quite right.
The fact is that my cat is shy.
Actually, we had prepared ourselves for defeat.
To tell the truth, this is how it happened.
To tell the truth, we got married last year.
To tell truth, I'm not so well as before.
The fact is I didn't go to school today.
As a matter of fact, I did it.
The fact is that I've spent all the money.
The truth is that I don't know anything about it.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about it.
The fact is that I haven't read the book yet.
The truth is I told a lie.
The fact is that I can't swim.
The fact is I do not love her.
The truth is that we can't live without air.
The fact is that his father lives alone in New York because of work.
As a matter of fact, he's going to the states.
In fact, he can't swim well.
The fact is that he knows nothing about it.
The truth is that he was not fit for the job.
The fact is that he didn't even take the exam.
The fact is that he is my close friend.
In fact, he is sick.
The fact is that they don't have enough money.
Actually I wrote her a card.
The fact is that she lied.
The fact is that she didn't even read the letter.
The fact is that she is ill.
As a matter of fact, she is my sister.
The fact is that I have another appointment.
The truth is that the parents were to blame.
As a matter of fact, I've never seen it.
To tell the truth, I've already seen the movie.
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.
To tell the truth, it does not always pay to tell the truth.
To tell you the truth, I don't like him.
To tell the truth, that film was not very interesting to me.
To tell the truth, I have lost your pen.
To tell the truth, that actor is married.
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.
To tell the truth, the widow suffered from stomach cancer.
To tell the truth, I was scolded by my mother.
To tell the truth, I have no money with me.
To tell the truth, I don't really like him.
To tell you the truth, I don't care for America.
To tell the truth, I didn't notice it.
To tell the truth, I had drunk a little beer.
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
To tell the truth, I don't remember anything I said yesterday.
To tell the truth, I couldn't finish it in time.
To tell the truth, I didn't do my homework.
To tell the truth, I used to smoke two packs a day.
To tell the truth, I am at my wit's end.
As a matter of fact, I dislike him.
To tell the truth, I don't like him.
To tell you the truth, I don't love him.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of thinking.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of living.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of talking.
To tell the truth, I don't know him well.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
To tell the truth, I do not like him.
To tell the truth, I hate the very sight of him.
To tell the truth, I've forgotten his name.
To tell the truth, he was rather a shy boy.
To tell the truth, he wasn't up to the work.
To tell the truth, he is still under sixty.
As a matter of fact, he did it by himself.
To tell the truth, she is my girlfriend.
To tell the truth, I had forgotten all about our appointment.
As a matter as fact, he did it for himself.
To tell the truth, I don't really like her.
To tell the truth, I don't like her very much.
To tell the truth, I did not make it myself.
To tell the truth, she is my sister.
To tell the truth, she is my niece.
To tell the truth, this is how he escaped.
To tell the truth, I forgot all about your questions.
To tell the truth, I have no money with me now.
To tell the truth, I don't want to go with them.
To tell the truth, she is my cousin.
Tell me about your successes in business.
As a businessman he is far above me.
The businessman was leading too busy a life to spend weekends with his family.
Proper clothes count for much in business.
Experiments are carried out in a laboratory.
The results of the experiment were highly satisfactory.
The results of the experiment were not as we had hoped.
The whole experiment was recorded on film.
The experiment failed in the initial stages.
The experiment was successful.
Experiments will enable you to find out what is wrong.
The results should be measurable and the process repeatable.
There must be a defect in the experimental method.
The subjects for the experiment were chosen at random.
Something is wrong with the experimental apparatus.
It is often easier to make plans than to carry them out.
We found out their plot before they took their actions.
Theory without practice will be no use.
Deeds are better than words.
Practice must go hand in hand with theory.
In fact, gorillas have many of the same feelings that people have.
As a matter of fact, I do speak Spanish.
In fact, the man got angry.
In fact sleep is vital to us.
In reality, I used to work like a dog.
As a matter of fact, he is a man of faith.
Even though she is seeing someone else, I won't give her up.
As it is, you are awake.
Being tired, as I was, I went to bed earlier than usual.
Living, as I do, in the country, I seldom have visitors.
Indeed, in some parts of the world we can see the effects already.
In fact, you could do anything you wanted in order to get or keep the ball.
Theory is quite useless unless it works in practice.
The actual cost was higher than the estimate.
These bodies have actually played indispensable roles in attaining these goals.
Actually, this method has plenty of room for improvement.
In fact, this does not seem to be true at all, except in a very trivial sense.
Actually, the present method has plenty of room for improvement.
In practice, ability counts for more than effort.
In reality, all they are interested in is power.
In point of fact, she had nothing to do with the scandal.
That didn't really happen.
What actually happened?
What will actually happen is anyone's guess.
Through television we can learn various things which we cannot actually see or hear.
In fact, I was there.
Actually, the earth is getting warmer.
Did you really fly the plane?
I really will have to study.
As a matter of fact, the owner of this restaurant is a friend of mine.
In fact, this is a major means of bureaucratic control.
In fact, the opposite is more likely to occur.
As a matter of fact, bankruptcy is inevitable.
As a matter of fact, his lecture was boring.
As a matter of fact, he knows nothing about it.
As it is, ordinary people cannot afford to purchase such luxuries.
As it is, I can not pay you.
As a matter of fact, I take little notice of girls.
The actual price was lower than I had thought.
As a matter of fact, I think he's a nice guy.
As it is, I am awake.
In reality black is not a color; it is the absence of color.
In fact, he loves her.
A good idea suddenly struck me.
You can speak as you actually feel.
In fact, I am happy.
In fact I did not know it.
In point of fact it is difficult to foresee the destiny of people.
The truth is he has a habit of inventing lies.
His failure was in reality due to his lack of care.
In fact, he looked silly.
He was as good as his word.
In practice, there is little difference between the two.
Learning probably takes place in virtually every activity in which we take part.
Price increases explain the difference between the real and nominal growth rates.
Being pitched out into life is the best way of learning how to live.
I will tell you exactly how the matter stands.
From the practical point of view, there are many shortcomings in his plan.
From the practical point of view, his plan is not easy to carry out.
Practice is as important as theory, but we are apt to value the latter and despise the former.
Practical utility and artistic beauty combine to make a comfortable house to live in.
Both teams are well matched. The game will be an interesting one.
That's my skill talking.
Mr. Kawa made it to the top due to his own abilities, not because of his family.
Example is better than precept.
The lawn always looked better on Tuesdays, but I began to notice he wasn't getting as close to the trees as he used to.
I wasn't usually home when the lawn was cut, so all I ever saw were the results.
Some lawn equipment is loaded into the jerry-built cart.
Admission to the show is by ticket only.
Where can I get tickets to a play?
Did you enjoy yourself at the theater?
Do you often go to see plays?
Get off the lawn!
The grass looks nice.
The dog lying on the grass is mine.
Let's sit on the grass.
Keep off the grass.
Keep off the grass!
I lie on the grass.
Don't walk on the grass.
Don't trample on the grass.
Her striped dress accentuates her slimness.
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
Sometimes those photos are not very good.
Can you identify the man in this picture?
Having seen him in the picture, I recognized him at once.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Do you know this man in the picture?
Who is that man in the background of the picture?
The picture was held on by a pin.
Photography is now considered a new form of art.
Nothing is more vivid than a picture.
Please show me your picture.
I enjoy taking pictures.
Let's get our photograph taken.
You aren't allowed to take photographs.
All you have to do to take a picture is push this button.
Let's take a picture.
Don't expose photos to the sun.
A photographer took a photograph of my house.
The policeman was off duty when he was shot to death.
The area around the melting ice cream was crawling with ants.
When one lucky spirit abandons you another picks you up. I just passed an exam for a job.
I have a bad squint.
Put the eggs into the boiling water.
It is boiled just enough.
He pushed it down my throat.
We'll have our firm's attorneys look through the provisional agreement.
The staff exchanged frank opinions in the meeting.
Half the office took a day off.
The employees treat everything the company president says as a golden rule.
The staff exchanged opinions in the meeting.
I would like to put special emphasis on the concept that social ecology is the second school of contemporary environmentalism.
Each society has a different institution.
Working in a society gives women both hardship and achievement, but the daily chores at home don't seem to give them fulfillment.
Society is built on trust.
Society and the individual are inseparable.
When we think of the traditional roles of men and women in society, we think of husbands supporting the family, and wives taking care of the house and children.
When going out to the society, what is the most necessary knowledge?
The impact of science on society is great.
A society's values are reflected in its traditions.
We discussed gun control in social studies class.
Social customs vary from country to country.
Society could not care less.
Society is composed of individuals.
Society has a great influence on individuals.
Society exists for the sake of the individual.
Society consists of individuals.
Society must do away with laws which cause racial discrimination.
Some say society should be corrected first, but that is to put the cart before the horse.
The social structure is not much different.
The social structure has changed beyond recognition.
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward.
Progress has been very slow indeed, so far as social life is concerned.
Social relationships are secondary to this business.
Social customs vary greatly from country to country.
It is important to eliminate the social unrest.
The bill was passed by a majority, although the Socialist Party was strongly opposed to it.
The social welfare system is in bad need of renovation.
Social security? Who do they think they're kidding.
Social securities are not something that should be trifled with.
The boss praised you for your good work.
The news that the president was killed surprised them.
The boss ordered us to work from morning till night.
We are subject to change our plans if the president disagrees.
The president and his entourage were injured.
The president and the secretary talked over a cup of coffee.
The man talking with our boss is Hiroshi.
After I said such a thing to my boss, I am certain to lose my job.
I am highly honored by the presence of the president.
I'll put you through to the president.
It came to the president like a bolt of lightning.
The president was very serious about your overseas assignment.
The boss of our company is always on the go.
The president gave up the idea because it was not practical.
Where's the president?
The boss buzzed his secretary.
The boss gave Mike the ax for not coming to work on time.
The company president was indicted for paying kickbacks.
Our boss begrudged us even a small raise in pay.
The president assembled his advisers for a conference.
The president is out now.
The president held himself responsible for the slump in business, and left his post.
The president is a down-to-earth kind of man.
My boss says one thing and means another.
Is the boss in a good mood today?
I hope my boss agrees to my plan.
My boss is twice as old as I am.
The president instructed the employees to improve their productivity.
The company president has hired a headhunter to find us a new sales manager.
The president appointed a new manager.
The president was sitting in the chair with his back to the window.
The president of the company bribed the government minister.
The president doesn't see anybody.
The boss told his secretary to come up with a good idea by the end of the week.
The boss gave us all a day off.
The president did not come, but sent the vice-president in his stead.
Smoking in the office is against our rules.
They talked about nothing but the news in the company.
I apologized, but even then she wouldn't speak to me.
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.
She had the decency to apologize.
There is nothing to do but apologize.
Don't apologize.
A car cut in.
I wish I had a car.
Why do you walk when you have a car?
If you have a car, you can come and go at will.
We can go there with the help of a car.
How I wish I had a car.
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
There's a car coming.
I couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
We shouldn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy.
Cars arrived there one after another.
The car banged itself against a tree.
The car crashed into the truck.
The car collided with a truck.
We couldn't go there because we didn't have a car.
The car got stuck in the mud.
The car hit the fence and turned over.
Do you want a car?
There is ample room for another car.
A car was coming in this direction.
His car broke down in remote countryside.
She had a narrow escape when her car skidded off the road into a lake.
I heard a car stop in front of the house.
My car broke down, so I had to take a bus.
The car broke down, so they had to walk.
The car left a cloud of dust behind it.
The car broke down on the way to the airport.
Something must be wrong with our car; the engine is giving off smoke.
The car broke down, so that we had to walk.
I was late because my car broke down.
We were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
Cars took the place of bicycles.
He would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt when the car crashed.
A car drew up at the main gate.
The passing car splashed muddy water on me.
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust.
A car was blocking the gateway.
It was frightful when my car skidded on the ice.
There were cars burning, people dying, and nobody could help them.
A car went by at terrific speed.
The car bumped the tree.
The car ran into a tree.
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
It took me an hour and a half to get there by car.
It only takes thirty minutes by car.
How long does it take by car?
Could you tell me how to get to your office?
Another ten minutes drive will take you to the seashore.
Will you drive me home?
I've been to the seaside by car.
He went to Kyoto by car.
Please come to pick me up.
My neck snapped when my car was hit from behind.
Let's go by car.
When I passed by in car, I caught a glimpse of the house of a famous actress.
It was careless of you to leave the key in the car.
A car has one steering wheel.
There was room for one person in the car.
Nothing is the matter with the car. It's just that you are a bad driver.
Lots of people are interested in cars, but they're really nothing to me.
Is there any room to spare in your car?
I'll give you a ride.
Didn't you lock up your car?
I signaled the car to go slow.
Can I give you a ride?
I'll give you a lift.
Why don't you give me a ride?
Will you give me a ride?
Could you give me a lift in your car?
I was wondering if you could give me a lift.
Get into the car.
I asked if you wanted a ride.
Look out for the car.
Don't you have a phone in your car?
I spend all her money on the car.
The car failing to start, we went by bus.
I can't get the car to start.
I've lost my car key.
Instead of putting the car into gear, she put it into reverse, causing a great deal of damage to the store-front.
I have a problem with my car.
Military personnel are prime targets of car salespeople.
I was unable to write down the number of the car.
My car battery is dead.
The car battery is dead.
I have to charge the battery of my car.
Look at the boy beside the car.
How I wished I could drive a car!
You can't be too careful in driving a car.
Drive carefully.
Do you know how to drive a car?
Driving a car is a lot of fun.
Driving a car taxes the eyes.
It took me some time to learn how to drive a car.
I have been learning to drive.
I have left my car keys behind.
They were badly injured in a car accident.
I got injured in the car accident, but it was not anything.
The existing law concerning car accidents requires amending.
One of the car wheels came off.
As soon as you have the car fixed, please send me a letter with the cost. I'll send you the money.
What have you done about fixing the car?
There were three deaths in the car crash.
The number of cars is on the increase.
It is difficult to catch up with Japan in the production of cars.
I could see traffic lights ahead of my car.
The front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces.
Could you open the car window?
The traffic noise interfered with my sleep.
So we are annoyed by the noise of cars.
Traffic noise is very harsh to the ear.
Be alert when you cross a busy street!
The payment for the car will be made in 12 monthly installments.
I paid fifty percent down for the car.
With car prices so high, now is the worst time to buy.
I can see a lady and two dogs in the car.
Are there any pens in the car?
It was careless of you to leave the key in your car.
I had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
What is the matter with your car?
Exhaust gases of a car are noxious.
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.
A car licence can be held from age 18.
I'm going to go and get my driver's license.
The line of cars stretched all the way from the expressway to the city centre.
When should I return the car?
You should always keep your car in good order.
The car ran into a guardrail.
The car crashed into the guard-rail and rolled down the hill.
The car is kept in a garage, under cover and locked.
The car gave a jolt.
The car veered from its course.
The automobile is a wonderful invention.
The car continued to put on speed.
Our car broke down on our way there.
Cars go through the tunnel.
Was there anything wrong with the car?
The car drew in to let the truck pass.
The car brushed the fence and got scratched.
Our dog was nearly run over by a car.
The car labored up the hill.
The car put on a burst of speed and passed the truck.
The car ran along the shore.
The car came to a smooth stop.
The car ran down the hill.
The car cut to the left.
Cars are indispensable to suburban life.
The car raised a cloud of dust.
The automobile is of great use in our life.
A car is a handy thing to own.
The car ran at 40 miles an hour.
Our car pulled uphill.
The car behaved well.
The car hit a telephone pole.
The car clapped along very slowly.
Cars, buses, and trucks are all vehicles.
It's the law: always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes.
A few people have two cars.
She must be rich to have three cars.
Would you move your car, please?
Running a car is a great expense.
That salesman was persistent in asking me to buy a car.
The man driving the car had been drinking.
A big tree had fallen across the road and was in my way as I drove.
When you are driving, you should slow down on corners.
Keep to the left when driving.
Driving a car is really very simple.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
You cannot be too careful driving a car.
You must have a driver's license before you can drive a car.
It is necessary to have a license to drive a car.
You can't be too careful when you drive a car.
You must take care when you drive a car.
Drivers should always be on their guard against accidents.
Check and adjust the brakes before you drive.
If only I could drive a car.
I traded in my car for a new one.
How many cars do you have?
Why don't you pull over and take a rest for a while?
What is the good of having a car if you don't drive?
Keeping a car is a considerable expense.
Can we rent a car?
Where can I rent a car?
It cost me three hundred dollars to have my car repaired.
It cost me a fortune to get my car repaired.
The man washing the car is Mr Jones.
The boy washing the car is my brother.
Put the car into the garage.
Can I borrow your car?
With the car stolen, there was nothing for it but to walk.
Move your car, please.
I want to rent a car, please show me a price list.
Reckon the cost before you decide to purchase the car.
I'm saving money for a car.
In order to buy a car, you must show the ward office proof of parking space.
I had to borrow money to purchase the car.
You should inspect the car well before you buy it.
See the car carefully before you buy it.
I advertised my car for sale.
Selling motorcars is my business.
I'd like to return a car.
You'll save yourself a lot of time if you take the car.
You will save yourself a lot of time if you take the car.
I'd like a safety check on my car.
I was wasting time, wandering around the garage, when an old truck swept into driveway.
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.
A car in itself is neither good nor bad; it depends on the driver.
Say, Conductor! What's the next town?
Don't you tend to get carsick?
There were not less than five passengers on the train.
Barricades across driveways say "Keep Out."
Around him, in the carriage, the other passengers rocked and swayed.
The vehicles are inspected for defects at least every three months.
The wheel began to turn.
I've just oiled the wheels.
The wheels turned around.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
Wheels turn on axles.
The snake swallowed a frog.
They that hide can find.
The snake sheds its skin.
She screamed when she saw a snake.
The faucet is leaking.
You get in my way?
It's a distraction.
It is in the way.
They are in the way.
Do not interfere!
Excuse me for interrupting, I've got something to tell you.
You should not lose anything borrowed.
I lost the book you lent me.
Don't borrow more money than you can help.
Those who like borrowing dislike paying.
I'd like to see the car before I rent it.
Farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land.
Some people are up to their necks in debt.
He is up to his ears in debt.
You are to pay your debt.
It's time to pay up all your debts and close out your loan.
Be on your guard against running into debt.
Julie thinks that she will not be able to pay off all of her debts.
When I pay all my debts, I'll have no money left.
I expect you to pay off all your debts.
He wants to quit his debts.
I paid back the debt, and I feel relieved.
In all probability, no language is completely free of borrowed words.
The scorching sun grilled us.
You can't teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
I'm sure you don't need me to tell you this, but wouldn't it be a good idea to stop smoking?
You must study hard while young.
While you're young, you should read a lot.
Read as many books as you can while you are young.
I advise you to go abroad while young.
Gather roses while you may.
Build up your body while young.
You should work hard while you are young.
Young as he is, he is a man of ability.
Being young, he can work all day long.
Young as he is, he has much experience.
The young campers were kited out with new waterproof jackets.
Young as he is, he is a very reliable person.
Young as he is, he is as great a mathematician as ever lived.
Nothing is left so vividly in our mind as the impressions we received in our younger days.
You should enrich your mind when young.
I could swim faster when I was young.
I could run much faster when I was young.
When he was young, he used to follow Beethoven everywhere he went.
I wish I had studied English harder while young.
I went overboard about the Beatles when I was young.
Earlier in his life, he ran a hotel.
She was a good swimmer in her young days.
She seems to have been beautiful in her young days.
I wish I had studied harder in my youth.
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
I wish I'd studied harder when I was young.
You should have learned how to swim when you were young.
We need to learn a lot of things in our youth.
It is important to find true friends when you are young.
Heavy work in youth is quiet rest in old age.
He was a hard worker in his youth.
When he was young, he was so poor that he virtually had to live on gruel.
I wish I had studied English harder when I was young.
As a young man he flirted briefly with communism.
Because his parents had died when he was young, his uncle brought him up.
Young rice plants will be badly harmed.
You should make the most of your time while you are young.
I would often swim in this river when I was young.
I don't recall ever wanting to be a fireman or a baseball player as a youth.
As a young man, he did not know that he was to become famous later on.
He told me that when he was young, he was very eager to be popular, and wanted to make a good impression on everyone.
I would sometimes study late at night in my youth.
I used to be thin when I was young.
I had to work hard when I was young.
When I was young, I would often go to watch baseball games.
In his younger days he worked very hard.
In his early days he was known as a great pianist.
I used to walk in the cemetery in my youth.
In his youth, he had shown great promise.
Try to read as many books as you can when young.
Charles lived a life of debauchery when he was young.
You had better read a lot of books while you are young.
You are only young once.
When I was young, I tried to read as many books as I could.
You're only young once.
You're only young once. Be a man and take on the world.
It would be a shame for a young man to be at loose ends just because he can't get the kind of job he wants.
That young man can't get the sort of jobs he wants and doesn't have any friends; he's really at a loss.
Respect of the young for the old is quite natural.
Young people naturally react against the attitudes of their parents.
As usual with young girls, Alice loves chocolate.
It was yesterday that a young woman came to see me.
A young girl was at the steering wheel.
It's not the mode for young girls to curl their bangs.
The young girl was chased by the old man.
Young parents often indulge their children.
A young person is waiting for you outside.
It is a matter for joy that young men's physique has very much improved.
The young should be kind to the old.
Young people know the disasters of war only in the abstract.
Young people are prone to fall into temptation.
The young should respect the old.
As is often the case with young men, he does not pay much attention to his health.
As is often the case with young people, he was indifferent to money.
Young people tend to think so.
Young people are apt to behave that way.
Young people like popular music.
Young people are apt to waste time.
Young people are not shy about the future of this country.
Young people usually have more energy than the old.
Young men are prone to fall into temptation.
Young people adapt themselves to something sooner than old people.
Take a liberal view of young people.
The younger generation looks at things differently.
The young man robbed her of her bag.
A young man robbed an old woman of her handbag.
There were two people in it, one of her girl students and a young man.
She was robbed her of her bag by a young man.
The girl, who had her head on the boy's shoulder, looked around in surprise.
As the young man's car was close to the fence, Miss Baker had to drive up beside it on the other side, where the girl was sitting.
A young man is singing before the door.
The young man got up hurriedly, stammered a few words and in a moment was gone.
The young couple fell in love with each other very soon.
The young couple went to Kyoto for fun.
There is no returning to our younger days.
Some young Japanese people prefer being single to being married.
Modesty is befitting to a young girl.
Young as she was, she devotedly attended on her sick grandmother.
Young Martin spent a fairly quiet childhood in Atlanta, Georgia.
Youth has its advantages.
Keep in mind that youth is not eternal.
The charges against him were dropped because of his youth.
A young man came for the new product.
A young man barged in unexpectedly.
Young people flocked to southern California.
Young men and women fought to defend their country.
There is a lack of communication between the young and the old.
As is often the case with young people, John is mad about pop music.
A group of youths attacked the old man.
A group of young men were fighting.
Wearing second-hand clothes is now popular among young people.
It became popular among young people to wear hunting boots.
Young people are eager to go abroad.
The lad leaned over and shouted into Tom's ear.
Being at the concert hall full of young kids made an old duffer like me feel out of tune.
Young people are usually full of energy.
He grinned cheerfully at Tom.
Young people should enjoy reading more.
Young people can recognize this about romantic love, but they find it hard to accept the same fierce element in parental affection.
Young people tend to complain about everything.
Young people are apt to go to extremes.
Young men are apt to fall a victim to their own avarice.
Young men and women don't seem to know what they are seeking after.
Young people must profit from their bitter experiences.
Young people are often poor judges of their own abilities.
The young man bade farewell to his comrades and relatives.
Young people like his books.
Their sweet melody made young people feel free.
The young man decided to propose to her.
Young people have shown a lot of improvement in physical stature.
The young adapt to change easily.
Young people love adventure.
The young should make room for the old.
Behave yourself like a young man.
Books for young people sell well these days.
I want the young members to be more active.
Both young and old people desire slim figures.
Trees put forth young shoots all at once.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
I just miss him.
Whenever you get lonely, feel free to come and talk to me.
I side with a weaker party.
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
The opinions of the weak are easily assimilated into those of the strong.
The weakest go to the wall.
There is no man but has his weak points.
We accept all major credit cards.
All major credit cards are accepted.
Who plays the lead?
Sovereignty resides in the people.
I acted for our captain while he was in the hospital.
The boss bawled me out.
The host cut the turkey for the guests.
The host entertained us at the party.
The master gave me an order to come in.
The boss seemed to frown on my method.
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his guests.
I am writing on behalf of my husband, who is in the hospital.
I'll call my husband.
Would you call up my husband?
The hero, as a child, suffered from parental neglect.
The hero died at the end of the book.
The boss controls his men at will.
The chief engineer did research hand in hand with his assistant.
The head groundsman has a cottage right in the middle of the grounds.
Thanks to electric goods, housewives have plenty of free time.
Housewives may well complain about their daily routine.
Housewives have a hundred things to do.
A housewife has many domestic duties.
A housewife should be economical.
The housewives provide their families with necessities.
Are you counting your chickens before they are hatched?
The parcel will be kept at the post office until you call for it.
The deal did not go through.
If the sky falls we shall catch larks.
Don't cross the bridge till you come to it.
Can you order it for me?
Could you exchange it with a different one?
The weather was good at harvest.
It was so cold that he was shivering.
The business contract ran out last month.
The Board of Directors aim is to make decisions regarding business affairs of the company.
Don't make a promise which you cannot keep.
I was challenged by a gatekeeper.
The garrison was forced to surrender.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.
Even if he has a clue, he won't let you know it.
The plate slipped from my hands and fell to the floor.
You should not allow him to get out of your hand.
My hands are dirty. I have been repairing my bicycle.
I can't reach it.
I pricked up my ears when I heard of the available apartment.
Hold on to the rail.
Hold the handrail.
I haven't got much money with me.
Tell me what you have in your hand.
My hands are stained with paint.
Give me what you have in your hand.
I couldn't get it.
What is it you got?
It's too much of a nuisance.
There's nothing to be done about it.
Better a fowl in hand than two flying.
Don't show them your hand.
You should lay your cards out on the table.
Lay your cards on the table and give me a straight answer!
Show your cards.
You must keep your hands clean.
Are your hands free of dirt?
Hands reveal our inward emotions.
I have done everything I could do.
Those who bring something with them are welcome.
It is necessary to fight AIDS with whatever weapons are at hand.
Do you have a pencil about you?
I can't get anywhere with it.
Raise your hand before you answer.
Put your hands up!
We must keep our hands clean.
Did you wash your hands?
They waved good-bye with their hands.
Wash your hands well.
You'd better back off.
Don't put out your hand.
Don't touch.
I reached for and tapped his shoulder.
Come here after you have washed your hands.
Lend me a hand.
Give me a hand. If you do, I'll buy you a drink later.
Hey, could you give me a hand over here, please?
We'll help you, okay?
Put your hands behind your head.
Keep your hand still.
Don't let go. Hold on tight.
Take your hands off me.
Don't let go.
Get your hands off!
A wheelbarrow fills the bill for moving concrete blocks.
Where are the luggage carts?
We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.
This is all my carry-on baggage.
Where can I check my baggage?
Where do I go after I pick up my baggage?
I will be waiting for you at baggage claim.
The bill is due on the 1st of next month.
Let's make believe we have one million yen hand.
This is all the money I have.
Watch your fingers!
We have ample funds in hand.
We should take the necessary steps before it's too late.
Treated roughly, the cup has some cracks.
Drop me a line and let me know what you think.
Write me sometime, OK?
Please contact me by letter.
You have no reply to letters.
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
Her duties include making copies of letters.
The contents of the letter were secret.
The letter runs as follows.
Have you had an answer?
Don't put off answering the letter.
I used to type my letters, but now I use a word processor.
Write your letters with a pen.
The letter will arrive in a week or so.
Letters are a link with friends who live far away.
The letter was written.
Did you receive my letter?
The letter was written by her.
Letters are delivered every day.
The letter will arrive tomorrow.
Remember to post the letter.
You must not write a letter with a pencil.
Let me hear from you.
I remember mailing the letter.
Please remind me to post the letters.
Remember to mail the letter.
I forgot to put on the stamp before I mailed the letter.
If you have written the letter, I'll post it.
I'm busy with writing letters and giving speeches.
Please wait until I have finished writing this letter.
I have to write a letter, but I won't be able to get at it until tomorrow.
After I write the letter, I'll mail it in a mailbox.
I've finished writing the letter.
I wonder whether to write or phone.
It is no easy task to write a letter.
All you have to do in writing is to keep it clear and interesting.
The best way to write letters is to put down whatever is in your mind.
Do you think I should write?
Please send the letter by express.
As soon as she read the letter, she began to cry.
Please remember to post the letter.
I converted my yen into dollars.
Surgery is the best solution.
Do I need an operation?
He had an injection prior to the operation.
I don't want to have an operation.
The operation cannot wait.
You have to have an operation.
Will surgery help it?
I am still a bit sore after my operation.
Her condition is taking a turn for the better after the operation.
Let's do this as a first step.
Written by hand, the letter was not very easy to read.
I will be happy to assist whoever needs help.
Learn a trade.
We charge a commission of 3%.
How much is the commission?
Is there a handling charge?
Pull it open.
I am interested in palm reading.
My hands and feet have got as cold as ice.
My hands and legs are swollen.
I got out of bed and had a good stretch.
I'd like to check in.
A pair of gloves is a nice gift.
To make a long story short, we buried the hatchet.
Please confine yourself to a short comment.
To put it briefly it's your fault.
The project, in short, was a failure.
To make a long story short, we cannot accept your offer.
To put it briefly, she turned down his proposal.
That's it in brief.
Would you write your name in my notebook?
Will you lend me the books by Osame Tezuka for about a week?
Let me give you a hand.
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.
You don't have to help me.
Can I help?
I'd like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help.
You are good to help me.
Can you help me? I can't make out how to start this machine.
We need someone to help us.
I'll treat you to dinner if you help me.
Do you want me to give you a hand?
I gave him three textbooks in exchange for his help.
Let me do this.
Help me.
It's very nice of you to help me.
I helped her into a gown.
It is better to read a few books carefully than to read many at random.
You had better stop buying things at random.
I read novels at random.
He works fast and is very articulate but his insincerity is his biggest defect.
No matter how interesting magic shows may be, I don't like them so much.
Magicians use deception.
Wounded bears are usually very dangerous.
He who touches pitch shall be defiled therewith.
Spring over the ground like a hunting hound.
The hunters trailed the deer over the mountain.
The hunter was alert to every sound and movement.
Seeds must have air and water to grow.
Cover the seeds with a little earth.
As you sow, so will you reap.
The seeds will become flowers in the summer.
If one does not have a hobby, his life may be desolate.
Speaking of hobbies, do you collect stamps?
Speaking of hobbies, I'm fond of baseball.
It is not easy to combine hobbies with profits.
When talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious expression.
I play the guitar in my spare time.
Tastes differ.
What do you do for fun?
There is no disputing about tastes.
Hobbies take your mind off the worries of everyday life.
He who loves not wine, woman and songs, remains a fool his whole life long.
You must not yield to your desire to drink.
Where the drink goes in, there the wit goes out.
When wine is in, truth is out.
When the wine is in, the wit is out.
Let's have a drink or something.
Drink brought about his downfall.
Don't indulge yourself too much in drinking.
You must not get drowned in your sake.
The drunken man grasped my collar and swore at me.
Bacchus has drowned more men than Neptune.
There is very little wine in the bottle, if any.
It's best to drink in moderation.
We make sake from rice.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for the health.
If he continues drinking too much, he will fall ill sooner or later.
I drank too much and was unsteady on my feet.
He was sitting drinking wine.
Too much drinking will make you sick.
Try to be moderate in drinking.
I advise you to give up drinking.
Drink less and sleep more.
It is a toss-up whether to drink sake or whiskey; too much of either results equally in drunken revelry.
I bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store.
Don't drive under the influence of alcohol.
I can't turn my neck, because it hurts a lot.
No one dares to contradict his employer for fear of being fired.
I have a rash on my neck.
His head nodded, and he snored gently.
I'm up to my neck in work.
The sun beat down on our necks and backs.
They communicate disapproval by shaking their heads.
I sprained my neck while sleeping.
The Prime Minister tried to cover up the scandal, but that just made it worse when the newspapers discovered the truth.
The prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet.
Word is passing that the Prime Minister is seriously ill.
The premier and his cabinet colleagues resigned.
The Prime Minister's explanation of the scandal just wouldn't wash with the public.
The prime minister's speech did not make for peace.
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.
The news of the prime minister's resignation took us by surprise.
The prime minister's answer was equivocal.
The prime minister's remark sparked the opposition movement.
The foreign minister will act for the Prime Minister in his absence.
Our Prime Minister is scheduled to meet with the Chinese Prime Minister tomorrow.
The premier is likely to resign.
The Prime Minister was involved in a scandal.
The Prime Minister wants to be respected by everybody.
The premier paid a formal visit to the White House.
It is whispered that the Prime Minister is critically ill.
The prime minister fielded some tough questions at the press conference.
The premier announced his intention to undertake drastic reforms in parliament.
The Premier subscribed his name to the charter.
The prime minister paid a formal visit to the White House.
The Prime Minister proposed administrative reforms.
The prime minister dissolved the Diet.
The Prime Minister stated that he would not introduce a new tax without the consensus of public opinion.
The Prime Minister fell from favor with the people.
The Prime Minister dwelt upon the financial crisis.
The Prime Minister held a press conference yesterday.
The Prime Minister has won his services as Minister for Justice.
The Prime Minister is invested with incredible powers.
The Prime Minister announced that he would resign within a few weeks.
The Prime Minister was unable to form a Cabinet.
The prime minister hinted at the possibility of an early election.
The Prime Minister was obliged to resign from the Cabinet.
The Prime Minister is feeling the heat over his statement.
The Prime Minister appointed them to key Cabinet posts.
The Prime Minister met with the press.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement today.
The Prime Minister holds a press conference tomorrow.
The Prime Minister will go on the air tomorrow.
Rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital Kigali.
The capital was bombed again and again.
Leaders are trying to do away with impediments to economic growth.
The summit conference was held for world peace.
The summit talks are to be broadcast around the globe.
The summit talks are to be broadcast simultaneously throughout the world.
The summit conference made a contribution to the peace of the world.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
It's hard for nurses to be objective about their patients.
The coffee mill that I received does not work.
Please let me know when you receive them.
Would this be acceptable to you?
The receptionist forced me to sign my name on the paper.
The receptionist said to come right in.
I sat for the exam, only to fail.
I failed the tests.
My fight in our examination hell is over!
There might have been an error during transmission.
The reception isn't good.
You have to fill out an application for admission to the hospital at the front desk.
Please ask at the information desk.
The receptionist changed her tune.
Strange noises keep coming from the receiver and won't stop.
Magic plays an important part in primitive society.
The spell was broken and the pig turned into a man.
I don't like sushi.
Do you like sushi?
I don't feel like eating sushi.
I'll treat you to sushi.
How about trying some sushi?
When class is over, it will probably be raining.
Now that school is over, you can go home.
As the lessons were over, the children went home.
The lesson being over, children ran out into the hall.
The class being over, the students left quickly.
As soon as the lesson was over, they rushed out of the room.
Be quiet during the lesson.
It is important to be punctual for your class.
Look up words in advance, before you attend a class.
If you want to go there in time, you'd better make a bee-line for your class right away.
We'll be late for class.
Don't speak in the middle of a lesson.
Will you hand in your essays at the end of the lesson?
At the end of the class, the teacher said, "That's enough for today."
You should have prepared for the lesson.
School begins on April 5th.
In this school, a period is fifty minutes long.
School starts at 8:40.
School begins at half past eight.
School begins at 9.
School is over now.
The class was carried on in English.
School begins at 8:30 a.m.
School begins at half past eight in the morning.
The classes stopped at noon, when we had lunch.
Classes begin next Tuesday.
Paying attention in class may lead to high marks.
You must not talk to each other in class.
I do not allow sleeping in class.
During the class she fell asleep in spite of herself.
I got a grant for my tuition.
Tuition fees must be paid not later than the 25th of this month.
Extract an essence from the bark of a tree.
With no supply of water from trees, rainfalls diminish in time and the area keeps drying up.
Trees are cut down and land is cleared.
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
The supply-demand balance is relaxing.
As the demand increases, prices go up.
There is close relationship between supply and demand.
The supply-demand balance is tight.
A convict has escaped from prison.
The prisoners were treated with monstrous cruelty.
The prisoners are in chains.
The prisoners were glad to be free again.
The inmate was doing time for a burglary conviction.
The prisoner dug a hole under the prison wall.
The prisoner denied that he had killed a policeman.
The prisoner died under torture.
The prisoner is being quiet in the cell today.
The prisoner was given his freedom.
The prisoner was set at liberty.
The prisoner escaped from prison.
The prisoner broke away from the guards who were holding him.
Poor crops may cause famine.
I began driving our tractor when I was 12 years old to help my father out at harvest time.
Because of the poor harvest, wheat prices have gone up in the last six months.
A dry spell accounts for the poor crop.
My income has gone down by 10 percent.
It's difficult for our income to keep up with inflation.
It is out of the question for me to built a new house till my income becomes greater.
The more you earn, the more you spend.
His large income enabled him to live in comfort.
A small income obliges us to thrift.
You'll have to proportion your expenditure to your income.
You should try to live within your means.
You ought to work hard regardless of your income.
You should live within your means.
Don't anticipate your income.
Never spend in excess of your income.
You must not live beyond your means.
Do not live above your income.
He lives above his means.
Try to live within your means.
The bribery came to light.
The bribery scandal created a backlash overseas.
The bribery scandal cast doubts on the government.
It's noisy around here, so speak a little louder.
There was nobody about.
The people standing around were all strangers.
The people standing around were amused and laughed at the brave little dog.
The circumstances gave color to her story.
Be kind to those around you.
He looked quite happy in contrast with those around him.
Nothing can change the look of a city so dramatically as the sudden appearance of a block of offices which towers above all the surrounding buildings.
The surrounding hills protected the town.
In the religious-cult trial, the ambitious lawyer will represent the cult leader.
You'd better avoid discussion of religion and politics.
She has no opinion about religion.
In religion there are the two great motives of fear and love.
Slaves find power in religion.
The bishop took pity on the desperate immigrants.
I don't believe in religion.
Religion is the opium of the people.
My mother's religion helped her to come to terms with my father's death.
Some people don't believe in any religion.
On the religious side, the decision caused serious dissension among followers.
Admission is free for preschool children.
The company has unofficially decided to employ me.
A conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview.
I was interviewed for a job.
The job-seeking season is starting earlier each year and it's the mass media that are causing that trend by moving up their job interview schedule.
Vocational schools were set up one after another.
I talk in my sleep very often.
The team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake.
The Council Education Committee wants to close a school, but some people don't agree with the idea.
State police spokeswoman Janet Welp says the truck wound up crashing into a bridge railing along Interstate 30.
The state government deprived the civil rights of their citizen.
The governor appeared on TV in person.
The governor took the money out of a slush fund.
The governor set the prisoners free.
I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.
The hooded clouds, like friars, tell their beads in drops of rain.
When she became a nun, she took the name Sister Teresa.
I think it needs a tune-up.
Repairs will cost a lot of money.
The mechanic assembled the engine.
Take it to a mechanic, and get it fixed.
The repairs will cost at least 20 pounds.
The repair bill includes parts and labor.
It goes without saying that autumn is the best season for study.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn is here.
The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
In the fall, when the days grew shorter and the nights colder, she watched the first frost turn the leaves to bright yellow and orange and red.
In fall they go back to school.
The leaves change color in autumn.
In autumn the leaves turn yellow.
In autumn, leaves fall from trees.
Several typhoons hit Japan in autumn.
In the fall, many birds head for the south.
The leaves turn in autumn.
The leaves fall to the earth in autumn.
Leaves collect on the sidewalk in the fall.
Leaves fall in the autumn.
The leaves turn brown in the autumn.
In autumn, leaves change their color and fall.
In the fall, covers are put over the fans in trains.
In the fall, the leaves turn red and gold.
There was a hint of fall in the air.
The autumn sky is clear and serene.
There's nothing better than reading in the long autumn nights.
I think autumn is the most beautiful season of the year.
Fall has flown by.
Autumn changed into winter.
Fall is the best season for sports.
Autumn is just around the corner.
Autumn is just around the corner. It's about time the weather started cooling off.
The moon is beautiful in fall.
Fall is when we can study best.
Fall is the best season for us to study.
Autumn is when food is especially delicious.
Autumn weather is changeable.
It goes without saying that autumn is the best season for taking long walks in the country.
Fall is a good season for reading.
There are also people who like spring better than autumn.
I prefer spring to fall.
An autumn breeze begins to blow.
Like a leaf in the autumn breeze.
Autumnal Equinox Day falls on Friday this year.
"I've finished" said Tony shortly, then he closed the piano.
You must try hard to the end.
I'll mail this questionnaire as soon as I finish.
All's well that ends well.
All is well that ends well.
What time does the curtain fall?
Go out and have a good time once in a while instead of just studying all the time.
It is difficult to find a well paid permanent job.
I was able to catch the last train.
I have to hurry to the station to take the last train.
Many passengers were sleeping on the last train.
It rained on and off all day.
We are just in time for the last train.
Habit is second nature.
His English is not bad, seeing that he has studied for only two years.
It is true of learning English that "practice makes perfect".
Practice makes perfect.
A habit is very difficult to shake off once it is formed.
Custom reconciles us to everything.
Courage is needed to change a custom.
I should follow my nose.
The boat is lost.
The number of minority seats in the Lower House is rapidly eroding.
When attacked he defended himself with an umbrella.
Studying three hours a week wouldn't be enough to learn a language well.
We have four French classes a week.
Try to exercise at least once a week.
How many times a week does the soccer team practice?
The seventh day of the week is Saturday.
The latter half of the week was fine.
You should receive them by the end of the week.
Is there a weekly rate?
I sure wish I could have a three-day weekend.
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French?
As long as it doesn't spoil the weekend!
Let's visit my grandpa this weekend.
How about going to a disco this weekend?
See you on the weekend.
Let's go hiking this weekend.
We used to visit each other on the weekend.
I often go yachting on weekends.
I hankered to get out of the city for a weekend.
How about going for a swim this weekend?
The counterfeit bills flooded the market over the weekend.
I pigged out over the weekend.
I spent the weekend writhing in agony when my gallstone started to move.
Do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend?
I think I caught a bug over the weekend.
Would you like to have supper with us on the weekend?
What are you going to do over the weekend?
You won't make any progress just studying on the weekends. It's meaningless unless you do it every day.
Are you staying there for the weekend?
What're you going to do this weekend?
How was last weekend, Nancy?
I'd like to take a small trip this weekend.
Won't you come and see me this weekend?
The chief massed his warriors to attack the fort.
Let's get together and talk about the matter.
Let's get together and talk about old times.
Start at once so as not to be late for the meeting.
No one else came to the meeting.
The meeting broke up at seven.
The meeting broke up at nine o'clock.
It is not clear when the meeting will open again.
All social animals use some methods of communication to exchange information and to maintain an orderly community.
The intensive course did marvels for my French.
I have difficulty concentrating.
An ugly duckling became a graceful swan.
News of the scandal caused the politician to lose face.
That is a good place to live.
Wherever you live is the best place.
I don't have the address with me.
Might I ask your address?
Name and address, please.
This is to inform you of my address change. Please update your mailing list.
I must bring my address book up to date.
House prices have remained static for several months.
The house costs double what it did before.
Housing could be obtained at a price.
The housing project has fallen flat.
As far housing goes, it is very poor in Japan.
The housing situation seemed quite hopeless.
The housing shortage is very acute.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The residents made complaints about the noise.
More than 70 percent of the inhabitants are in favor of the program.
The movement of the inhabitants drove the band of thugs out of the town.
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan.
The people protested against the low altitude flight training.
The inhabitants rebelled against the ruler.
It was not permitted that the inhabitants trespass in the area.
The inhabitants are proud of their urban culture.
She doesn't drink enough breast milk.
If you take four from ten, you have six.
Is it about ten o'clock?
I can have dinner ready by 10 o'clock.
One out of ten persons is nearsighted.
Many men, many minds.
Teenagers want to be independent of their parents.
That's par for the course with teenagers.
A group of teenagers robbed me of my money.
Ten to one he will get married to her.
In nine cases out of ten, he will win the race.
Ten to one he will forget about it.
In nine cases out of ten he will take the first place.
Ten to one he will be elected chairman.
It is probable that Jane will come.
In nine cases out of ten it will be the very thing that I have long wanted.
Ten to one he will be chosen.
Ten to one, he will succeed.
In nine case out of ten he will be late.
Ten to one they'll miss the train.
December is the last month of the year.
The twelve-hour journey had tired me out.
There is ample scope for improvement.
Don't lump all these issues together. You need to give every single one careful consideration.
If I had enough money, I could buy this camera.
In the absence of sufficient proof, the police could not indict him.
Partly because he could not receive enough information, Harper's description remains imperfect.
Do we have enough food?
Enjoy yourself to the fullest.
I'm sure we'll make it all right.
A concrete plan evolved after much discussion.
Make sure you get plenty of rest.
It's very important to get enough rest.
I'm more than happy.
He said I don't get enough sleep.
We should be very careful.
A good sweat will cure a cold.
You'll be there in plenty of time.
Let's start in plenty of time. I don't like to run a risk.
Let's start in plenty of time. I don't like to take risks.
Take a good rest, and you will soon get well.
Handle it with great care.
I've had enough, thank you.
Give yourself plenty of time.
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.
Lake Towada is in the north of Japan.
There was nothing for it but to obey.
There is nothing for it but to obey.
So from then on, manufacturers had to pay real cash.
The employees demurred at working overtime.
Workers pulled together and asked the management for a raise.
Your task will be to train the employees on the new computer system.
One of the reasons some workers hesitate to use their paid holidays is that they fear unfavorable reactions from their colleagues or superiors.
The employees' interests are bound up with those of the corporation.
The employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss.
Each employee is entitled to a two week paid vacation per year.
Employees threatened a strike to protect worker benefits.
The employees had to work overtime in order to produce enough cars.
Employees are required to wear uniforms.
The employee asked for the all the members rise in pay.
Employees were allowed to share in reading customer compliments.
The employees also share the same idea.
Every employee is supposed to keep his own vehicle in perfect condition.
The employees share the burden of toil.
We were given a pot as a gift of my cousin's wedding party.
I'm sorry I haven't been able to give you my cousin's contact info.
Innovation has something to do with the faculty to notice unusual phenomena.
Soft words win hard hearts.
Soft wool is more expensive than coarse wool and both are superior to synthetics made of nylon.
Please eat only soft foods.
I have soft stools.
In judo, technique is more important than strength.
Judo is not only good for young people's health but also very useful in forming their personalities.
I take it back.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to one's progress.
A soft answer turneth away wrath.
We should make it if the traffic isn't too heavy.
I was delayed by a traffic jam.
Impatient at the delay, many drivers began to blow their horns.
I was caught in traffic.
In spite of the heavy traffic, I managed to get to the airport in time.
I think you'll make it if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam.
We missed our plane because of the traffic jam.
You have to change trains at Shibuya.
Which train should I take to go to Shibuya?
I ran into Mr Yoshiyuki at Shibuya station.
The area of an 8-foot square room is 64 square feet.
It's heavy, but I can manage it.
The floor gave in under the weight of the heavy safe.
It's so heavy that I can't lift it.
Because it seems to be heavy.
The ice cracked under the weight.
The loaded desk groaned again.
Heavy industry always benefits from war.
The severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
For all their serious wounds, all of them were in good spirits.
The very sick baby was under careful observation by the doctors.
There will be grave decisions to be made.
Budget items that received priority are education, social security and other fields that are closely related to people's lives.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Because of a serious disease, he can't move his body as most people can.
The top execs are gathering for a power breakfast.
The executive committee appointed him the president of the company.
He got up enough guts to break the ice at the board meeting.
You should write down whatever seems to be important.
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
It is not the goal but the way there that matters.
It is how effectively you use the available time that counts.
It is not the means which matters, it is the end.
It is not her looks that is important but her ability.
An important post was given Tom.
I play an important part.
They don't decide important matters.
Someone has gone off with important papers.
Gravity pulls things toward the center of the earth.
The hard work began to tell on him.
Avoid heavy labor It will be better in two weeks.
The gun was out of shot.
Guns are readily accessible to Americans.
Don't point your gun at me.
The gun suddenly went off when I was cleaning it.
Aim the gun at the target.
Gun makers have been able to escape responsibility for firearm violence.
A shot rang out.
The bullet penetrated his chest, leaving him in critical condition.
My uncle bought me the same camera as you have.
We are anticipating receiving a gift from our uncle.
I would rather our uncle visited us.
My uncle has made me what I am.
My uncle bought me this book.
My uncle took me for a ride in the countryside.
My uncle is not young, but healthy.
My uncle has a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
I went to Shikoku to visit my uncle.
Was it necessary that my uncle be informed?
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.
I'm planning to stay at my uncle's place.
I hear my uncle died of cancer.
He was named Horatio after his uncle.
My uncle lived a happy life.
My uncle died a year ago.
My uncle made a will last year.
Our uncle called on me all the way from Kyushu.
My uncle lived a happy life and died a peaceful death.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
My uncle yielded his car to me.
The uncle gave me a friendly piece of advice.
My uncle guaranteed my debts.
My uncle told me the story by way of a joke.
My uncle says he's about to embark on a new business venture.
My uncle has retired so he is at loose ends.
My uncle is a very heavy smoker; tobacco is indispensable to him.
My uncle has completely recovered from his illness.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
I went to the hospital to see my uncle.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
I made my peace with my aunt before she died.
My aunt treats me as if I were a child.
My aunt lived a happy life.
My aunt gave me an album.
My aunt lives in a lonely house in the country.
We'll have to camp out if we can't find a place to stay.
The landlord barked at his servants.
The inn was no better than a log cabin.
When I have homework to do, my brother always helps me with it.
I can't go out because I have a lot of homework.
His homework having been finished, Tom went to bed.
Please wait till I have finished my homework.
Did you do the last problem of the homework?
The homework is due next Monday.
You have to finish your homework right away.
All my homework is done.
I will be watching TV at nine o'clock tonight in spite of much homework.
Have you done your assignment yet?
Write your homework in ink, not in pencil.
Are you completely through with your homework?
The homework was easily done.
You are supposed to hand in your homework by Friday.
The teacher excused me for being late for class.
She told him off for not doing his homework.
When I have finished my homework, I'll go for a swim.
I'll come when I have done my homework.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
Having done my homework, I had a chat with Mom.
Don't watch TV until you finish your work.
Having done my homework, I had a chat with Mum.
The boy left his homework half-finished.
Do your homework.
It took me three hours to finish my homework.
You ought to have done the homework.
Let's do the homework together.
Submit your homework on Monday.
After he had done his homework, he watched TV.
I played video games after I finished my homework.
It was very nice of you to help me with my homework.
It is very nice of you to help me with my homework.
I will go out after I finish my homework.
After completing the homework, I reflected on something I had read in Truman's.
After I had done my homework, I went to bed.
Are you through with your homework?
It took me three hours to finish the homework.
I must get my homework finished.
I'm thankful to you for your helping me with my homework.
I have done all of my homework and I'd like to take a short break.
I have done all my homework and now I am completely free until Monday.
It's a relief to have finished the assignment on time.
Turn in your homework.
Hand in your homework by next Monday.
I'd like to stay at your hotel.
Can I extend my stay one more night?
Could you please sign the register?
Let me know where you're staying.
Does the price include accommodation?
Yoshiko is an Anzai.
I'm going to make reduced copies.
A ripe apple dropped from the tree.
Eat green fruit and ten to one you will get ill.
A good salesman will not encroach on his customer's time.
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.
A skilled mechanic earns decent wages.
Somebody came to see me while I was out.
Don't you want to go out?
I was about to go out when he called on me.
I was about to leave home when the telephone rang.
We were about to start, when it began to rain.
I was about to go out when he came to see me.
I wish you would shut the door when you go out.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out.
I would sooner stay than go.
It was time to leave.
It's time to go.
Are you ready to go out?
Please lock the door before you go out.
I would like another cup of tea before I go.
Be sure to turn off the gas before you go out.
I think I still have time for another cup of coffee.
Make sure you turn everything off before you leave.
You should make sure of it before you go.
See that the door is locked before you leave.
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
Make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave.
I've got to shave before leaving.
You want to eat before you go.
Be sure to put out the light before you go out.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before going out.
I want you to have a definite plan before you leave.
I'll come as soon as ever I can.
You must eat what you are served.
Could you let it out?
Let me out!
If you give at all, give quickly.
Hand it over. That's all you've got?
Making a good start is half the battle.
Get your carcass out of here!
The man who stepped out was frowning.
I had scarcely gone out before the phone rang.
You are free to leave any time you wish.
Get out!
I was about to leave when Mary appeared out of the blue.
Either go out or come in.
Be sure to put the fire out before you leave.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
Envy is the companion of honour.
The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
The cast was given a standing ovation.
The fire must have broken out after the staff had gone home.
In case of fire, push the button.
In case of fire, you should dial 119 immediately.
Thank you for the shipment.
Thank you very much for informing me that the shipment will be delayed.
Thank you very much if the shipment has already been made and please disregard this inquiry.
Would you please let me know the delivery time?
Thank you for coming to meet me.
I'm bleeding badly.
I've started bleeding.
It won't stop bleeding.
Do you have any bleeding?
Something has to be done to stop the bleeding.
Where is the way out?
When I got to the office, I had tons of work waiting for me. I was running around like a chicken with its head cut off.
He always talks as though he knows how to handle himself but you never know how he'll act when the chips are down.
Damages from the flood amount to ten million dollars.
Luck and hard work are necessary if you want to advance in life.
If you wish to get on in the world, you must not shrink from effort.
You have to be aggressive to be a success.
If you are to succeed in life, work harder.
The mortality rate per 1000 live births are set out in figure 13.1.
The birth rate and death rate were nearly equal.
Those present were, for the most part, students.
The people present were surprised.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
Those present were all astonished at the results of the election.
You ought not to miss it.
I will join it!
Please let me know by Wednesday if you can't attend.
You can't attend? Why not?
Those who are present are all Japanese.
Attendance had been falling off and such people as did come sat about indifferently.
She was the brightest and gayest of all present.
There was no objection on the part of those present.
Among those present was our principal.
Among those present was the Mayor.
There were forty people present.
Those present rose as one man and walked out.
Those present took it for genuine gold.
Those present were almost all women.
Those present were so kind.
Those present were all against the plan.
Those present were charmed by her beauty.
Those present were fewer than we had expected.
Your attendance will affect your final grade.
How was the attendance?
Do you have many out-of-town assignments?
I took advantage of my business trip to see the sights of Paris.
The gate was left open.
They said they'd make the boarding announcement 20 minutes before takeoff.
Scarcely had I started out when it began to rain.
Hardly had I started when it began to rain.
I would like to see you before I leave.
It is really time for us to go.
Call me before you leave.
I'm all set to start.
Are you ready to set off?
Are you ready to start?
What is the departure time?
There still is time until leaving.
I'd like to confirm the departure time.
I'd like to settle the transportation arrangements before I leave.
All the arrangements should be made prior to our departure.
Will you please order a copy of the book from the publisher?
Skip the problems you can not do and go ahead.
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
I'll do my best.
Please speak as clearly as you can.
Please write to me as soon as you can.
Please speak as slowly as possible.
I'd like inexpensive seats, if possible.
I will make up for the lost time by studying as hard as I can.
Please give us your answer as soon as possible.
Do it as soon as possible.
I will pay my debt as soon as possible.
We want the meeting arranged as soon as possible.
We have to avoid a conflict as far as possible.
Try to read as many books as possible.
As far as I can, I'll help you.
Lend me what money you can.
I'll try to finish it in time as best I can.
I would like to go fishing, if possible.
I would like to, but I have a previous appointment.
I'd like to make a reservation to play golf tomorrow.
I'll be back by tomorrow, if possible.
The turnover was 500 million shares.
We are doing business at piecework payment basis.
Spring is here. It is getting warmer every day.
Spring is coming soon.
Spring has come around.
Spring came on.
Spring is drawing near.
Do you like spring or autumn?
I'm looking forward to the return of spring.
When spring comes, the days get longer day by day.
When spring comes, people go out to pick wild plants.
The snow melted away when spring came.
In the spring, when the days grew longer and the sun warmer, she waited for the first robin to return from the south.
Everything in the fields and mountains looks fresh when spring comes.
When spring comes, it gets warm.
Love begins playing his old tricks every spring.
It was springtime... and everything was quiet and peaceful in the country.
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
Let's contrast spring with fall.
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?
Autumn is suitable for study, compared with spring.
It was a little too muggy for spring.
When spring arrives, I am going to take up a new sport.
I look forward to seeing them this spring.
When spring arrives, I'm going to take up a new sport.
In spring, everyone wakes up early.
Every spring, the winter ice melts into the streams and rivers and lakes.
In spring it becomes warmer and warmer.
Everywhere looks beautiful in the spring.
Woods grow greener in the spring.
Every spring the river floods here.
When spring comes, they dig up the fields and plant seeds.
When spring sets in, the flowers smell sweet.
In spring everything looks bright.
A lot of flowers begin to bloom in spring.
In spring, we like to give the house a thorough cleaning.
In spring the days get longer.
A great many tourists visit Kyoto in spring.
Some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn.
Trees put forth new leaves and buds in spring.
On a fine day in spring, we enjoyed a walking tour to the full.
A spring rain revived the flower.
The air was scented with spring flowers.
Spring is followed by summer.
The approach of spring brings warm weather.
With the coming of spring, everything is gradually coming to life again.
The grass came to life with the coming of spring.
In spring days are not always warm.
It was so nice to sit on the grass in the spring sun.
The buds burst open at the first sign of spring.
Spring brings warm weather and beautiful flowers.
Spring is around the corner.
Spring is the season I like the best.
Spring is just around the corner.
The spring was still young.
Spring is the season that Lucy likes best.
Spring is a delightful season.
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.
Spring makes us hopeful about the future.
Spring brings warm days and beautiful flowers.
Spring comes between winter and summer.
Spring comes after winter.
Spring is the time to plant trees.
Spring will be late.
I feel spring in the air.
How long is your spring vacation?
Haruko likes warm springs.
Haruki and Machiko were very happy to see each other again.
Haruki doesn't have much money with him.
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.
Junko is a pretty girl.
Junko will have to study math tonight.
Hang on a bit until I'm ready.
Aren't you ready?
My older brother did all the preparation.
Having made all the preparations, he set out for Tokyo.
Everything is all arranged.
Look on both sides of the shield.
Junko is quite familiar with English.
The policeman was on his usual nightly round.
Wait until your turn comes.
Get on the bus in turn.
Wait for your turn, please.
Thanks to the favorable wind, we soon reached the island.
Hoist your sail when the wind is fair.
We should abolish the death penalty.
Let me see your prescription.
I'll give you a prescription.
I have important business to take care of in my office.
A friend I went with on our first trip abroad had his wallet pickpocketed. I don't think it left a very good impression.
You have to pace yourself or you'll choke halfway through.
We enjoyed every minute of the party.
I've known it all along.
For the first time, he stood to take a real interest in his studies.
I am glad to make your acquaintance.
I ate durian for the first time.
Given her inexperience, she has done well.
It was just 6 years ago that I visited New Zealand for the first time.
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5%.
Everything is so new to me!
Is this your first visit here?
For the first time a satellite was launched into orbit.
It is a good habit to look up new words in a dictionary.
The first prohibition of slavery was in the mid-nineteenth century.
Is this your first visit to Japan?
A new case occurred. They applied the new rule to it.
The first time I met Betty, I was nervous.
They went on a trip abroad for the first time.
I mistook you for your sister when I first saw you.
I took you for Roy when I first saw you.
It is a good practice to look up in a dictionary words seen for the first time.
I feel embarrassed when I meet somebody for the first time.
I remember the night when I first saw the Milky Way.
When did you first come over to Japan?
When I first met him, I was taken aback by his unexpected question.
The first time I held my girlfriend's hand was in the haunted house.
It is not unnatural that you should feel anxious about your first flight.
To start with, I want to thank you all.
To begin with, we have no money now.
In the beginning was the Word.
At first I felt a bit too shy to speak to her.
At first, it is difficult.
At the beginning, I was bored with radio gymnastics, but now I do not dislike it.
The first step is the hardest.
In the beginning, man was almost the same as the other animals.
At first I did not like rock music, but now I do.
At first, he thought English very difficult, but now he thinks it is easy.
At first, everything seemed difficult.
At first the job looked good to Tom, but later it became tiresome.
At first their abilities are more limited than those of animals.
Nice to meet you, Ken.
Well begun, well finished.
Crashes in the early days of commercial jets tended to be caused by technical faults, such as metal fatigue in the airframe or engines.
Some early religion's leaders were persecuted by their enemies.
When the early Protestant immigrants came to this country, they brought the idea that work was the way to God and heaven.
Early man used his fingers and toes to count the animals he owned, or the measures of grain he had stored.
Early man migrated to all parts of the world.
Are you using the default settings?
Why don't you carry out what you've set out to do?
This is the first time I heard about it.
At no time does the plain look so perfect as in early autumn.
It is difficult for beginners to enjoy windsurfing.
It's dangerous for a beginner to swim here.
Is it open to beginners?
Beginners should learn spoken English first.
Do you have a course for beginners?
Is this your first visit?
Registration for the first visit is at Counter No.1.
Have you been here before?
My first sexual experience was with a woman some years older than I was.
When I first met him, I thought he was putting on airs.
I had my first period when I was 13 years old.
There were many upsets right from the first day.
The first edition was published ten years ago.
Sometimes first offenders are in need of help.
I ran across her in Mongolia, of all places.
You shall have what money I have.
For his length of loyal service to his organization, he was only repaid in chicken feed.
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?
The chief pronounced that the technique was inadequate.
An income tax is levied on any income that exceeds deductions.
There was no objection on the part of the owner.
I'll serve you a cup of nice and hot coffee.
What with the heat and the humidity, I didn't sleep well.
When it is hot, one usually sees him in white.
It is warm, not to say hot.
The hot weather turns milk.
Milk does not keep long on a hot day.
Milk goes bad quickly in hot weather.
Hot summer days ended and cool autumn days followed.
The hot weather changed snow into water.
It is strange that people in hot climate eat hot things like curry.
During the hot season, my son's skin breaks out easily.
During hot season, perishables go bad easily.
We have had a long spell of hot weather.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
In hot weather, water evaporates more quickly.
Draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
How much is that mountain bike?
Hot tears ran down her cheeks.
It was hot, and in addition, it was humid.
It being hot, she was wet with sweat.
It was so hot that I slept with the window open.
Feeling hot, I turned on the fan.
You will melt.
It is too hot to stay here.
I'm baking!
The most likely sources of energy in hot and dry regions are the wind and the sun.
It's too hot.
He could not sleep because of the heat.
Let's go out before it gets hot.
Hot, dry areas will become hotter and drier.
The heat has relaxed.
The heat told on him.
The heat kept me awake all night.
Many runners passed out in the heat.
I was affected by the summer heat.
The heat really gets me.
The hot sun made the flowers hang down.
No heat or cold lasts beyond the equinox.
The long spell of hot weather withered up the plants.
How are you getting along in this hot weather?
I wrote to everybody inquiring after their health in the hot season.
How are you getting along in these hot days?
There were flocks of people on the beach.
From a humble background, John achieved worldwide fame.
The people followed the dictator like so many sheep.
His hand was trembling as he picked up his pen to sign.
You'd better examine the contract carefully before signing.
Could you write it down, please?
I have to write a letter.
Compare the copy with the original.
The writing style is much less complicated in this article.
If you are to make a success of writing, you have to work hard.
Give me some paper to write on.
Stop writing and hand your paper in.
There is no paper to write on.
Please give me a sheet of paper.
Do you have anything to write?
I have read every book on the shelf.
He often shuts himself up in the study and writes things like this.
There is an anteroom adjoining the library.
Please be sure to sign and seal the form.
Books must follow sciences, and not sciences books.
You had better fix the bookcase to the wall.
You can get it at a bookstore.
Learning calligraphy is fun.
If it were not for books, each generation would have to rediscover for itself the truths of the past.
Books and friends should be few but good.
Books add to the pleasures of life.
So valuable were books that the greatest care was taken of them.
Apply in writing.
The papers blew off.
Divide the pile of documents equally, and take them one by one to either side of the room.
Sign your name at the end of the paper.
Please don't take the documents out of this room.
Have you finished the papers?
The documents were tampered with.
All the papers were taped up and kept in the safe.
Keep the paper in the inside pocket.
Will you hand the papers around?
Gentlemen, allow me to say a few words in greeting.
The first thing you must learn is to stand on your own ideas.
Are you going to learn English?
You should work in the interests of humanity.
All of you have to read it.
The facts bear out this hypothesis.
You have to pay for utilities.
Call on me if you need my assistance.
Let's endure till help comes.
I want to express my appreciation for your help.
You've got to help me! Every night I have the same horrible dream.
I am very much obliged to you for your help.
Help me, please.
I took him out to dinner in return for his help.
Is there any help available?
It is our obligation to help.
I had trouble making him hear me calling for help.
There is no use crying for help. No one will hear you.
A call for help rang through the night.
Please send for help.
I heard a cry for help.
Give help to anyone who needs it.
It is important to help each other.
Advice isn't much good to me. I need money.
I tried to give him some advice, but he just abused me violently.
An expert was called for advice.
We want an assistant, preferably someone with experience.
Three women and a goose make a market.
Women are always buying hats.
A woman thinks of everything in terms of money.
Woman as she was, she was brave.
A woman asked me for directions.
A woman's strength is in her tongue.
A girl should not sit with her legs crossed.
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
The girl was heard to sing a song.
I saw a girl tumble and ran to her in spite of myself.
Keep an eye on the girls; they are poor swimmers.
Keep an eye on the girls.
The girls burst into laughter when they heard his joke.
Girl as she was, Joan was not daunted at all.
What he said about girls holds true of boys, too.
There is no stopping a girl's tongue.
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.
A little girl caught her fingers in the door.
Bob felt embarrassed when he was treated in front of some girls.
Some of the girls like that sort of music, and some don't.
The girl insisted on being taken to the zoo.
Both girls wear white suits.
Girls like to show off their fine clothes.
The girl was called Elizabeth after her grandmother.
The girls are facing each other.
Girls think much of fashion.
Almost all girls are kind.
Girls use makeup in their low teens.
The girl broke into tears.
The girl didn't like to wash dishes.
The girl hugged her doll.
Girls mature faster than boys.
The girl wore yellow ribbons in her hair.
The girls were not afraid, but the boys were.
The girls were sitting side by side.
The girl came dancing toward me.
The girls couldn't wait to show off their fine needle work to us.
The girls amused themselves playing games.
The girls began to laugh when they heard the story.
Where are the girls?
All the girls helped each other.
The girls objected to our plan.
A woman's mind and winter wind change often.
A woman was kind enough to show me the way.
A woman was hanging the washing on the line.
How happy you must be to have a new baby girl!
A woman's hair is long; her tongue is longer.
For a girl, after 30, it's downhill all the way.
Women like to talk.
The woman reached for the knife on the table.
She had nothing else to drink.
She rides to the black sabbath.
The woman tried on one hat after another, then left the hat shop.
She attributed her success to luck.
Women ought to be as glad to be women as men are to be men.
A woman is the woe of man.
They named the ship Queen Mary after the Queen.
An exhibition was given in anticipation of the Queen's visit.
The part of the queen does not suit her.
The Queen lives in Buckingham Palace.
The queen was wearing a magnificent silver dress.
The queen was gracious enough to invite us.
The queen was richly appareled.
The Queen made an address to the nation.
The Queen made an address to the nation on television yesterday.
The queen shook hands with each player after the game.
The queen visited the museum.
The queen is going to address parliament next week.
The Queen is to visit China next year.
God save the Queen.
Long live the Queen!
May the queen live long!
Three cheers for my Queen!
She was even more surprised when she heard Miss Baker say, "Excuse me, but may I change places with you?"
The women's college had a very small car park, and as several of the teachers and students, and many of the student's boyfriends, had cars, it was often difficult to find a place to park.
Where is the ladies' room? I want to wash my hands.
An office girl was robbed of an envelope containing 100,000 yen on her way back from the bank.
A woman is a weathercock.
A woman's mind and winter wind change oft.
Career opportunities, flex-time, satellite offices, and more childcare facilities are required to make women at home join the work force.
A woman is taking down some notes on a pad of paper.
It took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
Women talk about trivial things when talking with men.
What accounts for the fact that women outlive men?
A woman was driving a car on a country road.
It is quite common for women to go out to work.
A woman is giving a book a quick once-over.
Woman as she was, she fought bravely.
Woman as she is, she can lift this barbell.
Some women are quick at figures.
We should not ask a woman her age.
How about holding a debate on women's rights?
Women's rights groups are going after sexual harassment.
Woman's intuition is clearly a valuable trait.
The position of women, over the years, has definitely changed for the better.
She wanted to know if the photographer could remove the hat from the picture.
"I forgot," she said.
Women tend to fuss over trifling matters.
Women usually have the gift of gab.
Most women enjoy shopping.
Why aren't women allowed to enjoy the same civil rights as men?
Women generally live longer than men.
Women no longer are satisfied with their traditional role of housewife, and are seeking recognition of needs in the workplace.
Men usually like wrestling as women do not.
Women usually live longer than men.
Women are said to be weak at figures.
Must the woman always play the secondary role?
Since women are taking on more responsibilities at work and in the community, it is said that the number of women with stress from both child-rearing and work is increasing.
Women use talking to maintain personal relationships.
Women are physically weaker than men.
Women want equality of opportunity with men.
Women are employed at a lower salary than men.
Women tend to live longer than men.
It is said that women live longer than men.
Women commonly live longer than men.
Women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a couple of words.
Women have been resigned to unjust treatment for too long.
Women are easily moved to tears.
There were few colleges to educate women.
Never keep a lady waiting.
The changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men.
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
The maid was totally tired of her household routine.
The shopwoman showed me a lot of neckties, but I didn't like any of them.
Knowing very well that his wife wanted to go to a movie, the husband, who was a dog in the manger, cooked up a scheme whereby they had to stay at home waiting for a certain visitor who was not expected to come.
My wife burst into tears.
Were you shouting at my wife?
A bad wife is the shipwreck of her husband.
Many times, a hen-pecked husband doesn't know his problems until he talks to a happy bachelor.
My wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's.
The actress fell backward over the stage.
The actress tore up her contract angrily.
All the girls around her say she's got it coming.
In the introduction, the author is stating as follows.
How does the preface run?
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love.
Will I have a scar?
I was aching from the injury.
The wound won't close.
Do something about the flow of blood from the wound.
Stop the flow of blood from the wound.
Pus has formed in the wound.
The injured bird fell to the ground.
The wound is not yet healed.
The wound has not yet healed.
The wound was fatal to him.
To avoid spoiling, fish caught far out at sea are immediately cooled or even frozen.
Search not the wound too deep lest thou make a new one.
The wound discharged pus.
Don't touch the wound.
Let me see your wound.
The scar shows clearly.
Best of luck in your tournament.
The chances of victory or defeat are even.
It doesn't matter whether you win or not.
You must keep up your guard even after a victory.
Some will gain, others will lose.
There's an outside chance of winning.
All is fair in love and war.
If you win, you are in the right, but if you lose, you are in the wrong.
We have little chance of winning.
Do your best whether you win or lose.
Whether you win or lose, you should play fairly.
Whether we win or lose, we must play fairly.
Whether you win or lose, you should do your best in the match.
Masaru can't finish the work in an hour, can he?
Masaru doesn't care for this color.
Katsuko leads her class in English.
It is good to be a winner.
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.
Have it your way.
Don't let your imagination run wild.
Don't try to duck out early. Where's your sense of responsibility?
Don't enter at the kitchen door.
The chances are even.
The match ended in a draw.
Her efforts were crowned with victory.
All hope of winning the game vanished.
On hearing of the victory, the whole nation shouted for joy.
Everyone got excited by the news of the victory.
The report of victory turned out to be a little premature.
It is important for us to learn to handle defeats as well as triumphs properly.
The victory made us more excited.
The day is ours without doubt.
Victory is unlikely but not impossible.
The victory made him a hero.
We fought hard for victory.
We're confident of our victory.
The servant gradually adjusted to his new surroundings.
The servant swept the floor.
Don't hesitate to tell me if there is anything you would like to eat.
Treat your servant more kindly.
Commercial television is an effective medium for advertising.
The soul of commerce is upright dealing.
Commerce led to the development of cities.
In the case of commercial airplanes, private companies compete to sell their product.
Trade companies aim at a new market in Asia.
The merchant bribed the politician.
The merchant sent the politician a bribe.
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods.
The dealer took advantage of her ignorance and bought the picture very cheap.
Shall we shoot the breeze for a while before talking business?
The first session of the trade negotiations is at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
The shops were bad, but the factory was worse.
The shop did not want him.
Shops are quiet on weekdays.
He made good in business.
The business is slow.
Trade is getting depressed.
Merchants complain about the depression.
Such a business failure would sink any company.
Efficiency is the dominant idea in business.
I don't know the ABC of business.
Business is looking up.
Your business is flourishing, I hear.
How's business?
Business is quite slow.
Business is declining.
It's all up with my business.
The business is in the red.
Business was a little slow last month.
After business came to a halt, many bathhouses added new facilities, such as saunas and exercise equipment, in an effort to attract customers.
Two of a trade seldom agree.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
Please use our toll-free number for calls regarding merchandise.
Don't touch the goods.
If you wish, you may pick them up, or we would be glad to send them back to you.
All the goods for sale are set out on the tables.
The goods were transported by ship.
It often happens that goods sell all the better for their high price.
Commercial Code can be called an enterprise method.
The Commerce Department reports retail sales rose seven-tenths of 1 percent last month mainly thanks to strong auto sales.
The scholarship made it possible for him to continue his education.
The scholarship enabled her to go to university.
The scholarship enable her to go to college.
The scholarship enabled her to study abroad.
He who would the daughter win, with the mother must begin.
The general's massive presence awes everyone.
The general never lost his presence of mind in the face of the large force of the enemy.
The general commanded that the city be attacked.
The general had 20/20 hindsight about the defeat, but no foresight at all.
The general shook hands with us.
The general took the bull by the horns and saved his army from disaster.
The general commanded him to report to headquarters.
The general commanded them to move on.
The general participated in the plot with his men.
The general concentrated the soldiers in Paris.
The general ordered the massacre of all war prisoners.
The general said to the brave man, "You deserve a medal."
The general cut a distinguished figure in his dress uniform.
Officers will henceforth wear ties at dinner.
The officer inspired his men to be brave.
When, one day, computers undertake to translate literary works, it will be the end of literature as we know it.
In the future we may need to take another look at the way decisions such as this are actually implemented.
What do you want to be in the future?
What are you going to be in the future?
What would he like to be in the future?
I expect a subway station will be here in the future.
You never can tell what will happen in the future.
You should think about your future.
Do you feel secure about the future?
Put by money for the future.
We must provide for future.
I feel uneasy about my future.
How to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider.
You'd better study for the sake of your future.
I am full of anxiety about the future.
I can't help thinking of the future.
You mustn't spare your efforts so that you can realize your dream in the future.
I'd like to get into journalism in the future.
Please take more care in the future.
In the future, we won't be handicapped by old age.
It is not mine to foretell the future.
Who can tell what will happen in the future?
What will happen in the future no one can tell.
We cannot tell what may happen in future.
Who can predict what will happen in the future?
There is no telling what will happen in the future.
It is impossible to know what will happen in the future.
What would you like to be in the future?
The truth will come out in the future.
People tomorrow will have different ideas.
There will be a big earthquake in the future.
There was something about that house that made her stop and look again.
She couldn't be sold for gold or silver, so she just stayed there and watched.
The small house had come to look shabby, though it was just as good as ever underneath.
At night, she used to dream of the country and the field of daisies and the apple trees dancing in the moonlight.
She watched the grass turn green.
He makes a mountain out of a molehill.
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
Three pieces, including a small one.
I noticed that a small gray animal was looking toward us.
Small print looks dim.
Young children soon pick up words they hear.
Small children tend to wander off if you don't watch them all the time.
A small car takes little room.
A small car is more economical than a large one.
Little girls in general are fond of dolls.
The small boys rang the door bell and ran away.
A small town lies between the big cities.
Be kind to little animals.
I can't read small letters.
It's too small.
The tiny birthmark took nothing from her loveliness.
This is fairly good except for minor mistakes.
Don't trouble about small things.
In spite of their tiny restaurant they managed to pull through the recession.
Draw a small circle.
Tiny blossoms have come out all over the river bank.
The small companies were absorbed into a big organization.
A small bridge arched the stream.
The owner of the small dog gripped its neck and scolded it.
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.
Small children can be very destructive.
Even a little child knows its name.
Small children often like books about dragons and other monsters.
When a small boy is helping you, you must make allowance for his age.
The little children looked tired from swimming.
To teach young children is not easy.
None but little children would believe it.
Little children always question things we adults take for granted.
Small children are afraid of being left alone in the dark.
Little children like to touch everything.
Small children are very curious.
You oughtn't to go out with the little boy remaining alone.
The lives of little children are full of fears.
Little girls are dancing in the woods.
Little girls like playing with dolls.
There is a small pond here.
A little kindness goes a long way.
A small village grew into a large city.
Life is very flat in a small village.
His happy life went on in a small village.
The little boy said hello to me.
The little boy was lost in the forest.
Little birds are singing merrily.
Could you find me a house that has a small garden?
A small toolkit can be very handy when you are traveling.
Light cares speak, great ones are dumb.
A small, naked bulb gave the only illumination.
An umbrella is useful in a mild rain, but when it rains cats and dogs an umbrella is of little help.
The roof of the hut groaned under the weight of the snow.
From the look of the cabin, no one lives in it.
The huts were built with a space of 50 meters in between.
The cabin was torn asunder by the storm.
The cottage will not endure a strong wind.
The cottages were blown down one after another.
Clean out the shed and throw away things you don't need.
I've loved French cakes since elementary school.
I miss my elementary school teachers.
Elementary school children go to school for a term of six years.
It was hard for him to live on his small pension.
You can get only NHK in the Ogasawara islands.
Small business are often absorbed by a major company.
Small businesses are often absorbed by a major company.
Hire a minivan by the hour.
The small car boom is ending.
Small cars are very economical because of their low fuel consumption.
I'd like to rent a compact car.
It is great fun to play with a puppy.
The pup snapped at my hand.
I approached my father about an increase in allowance.
Don't pick at me.
The peasants rose up in rebellion against the ruler.
My little finger is swollen.
Little thing please little minds.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
The little boat bobbed on the rough sea.
Small things amuse small minds.
I'd like to see Mr Kosugi.
Please speak in a low voice.
May I pay by check?
I'd like to pay by check.
I will pay for it by check.
Will you take a check?
Write the amount on the check in letters as well as figures.
Will you take a personal check?
A check is a method of paying money to somebody.
Putting the check in my pocket, I started for the door.
I don't have the numbers of my checks.
The success of her novel made her rich.
Beyond the novel we come to works whose avowed aim is information.
A new school of fiction has grown up.
Fiction is as old as fairy tales and myths.
All in all, the novel was a success.
The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
When we write a novel, we exercise our imagination.
The novelist is interested in human beings.
The novelist talked to a large audience.
Writers such as novelists and poets don't seem to benefit much from the advance of science.
We can hear a brook murmuring.
A stream flows into the lake.
She watched the children playing in the brook.
Drink water from a stream.
Do you have small change with you?
Do you have any small change?
I'm sorry, I don't have smaller change.
I'd like to have smaller bills mixed in.
Please include lots of small change.
Is Mr Ozawa going to be the next manager?
Birds are singing here and there in the park.
The birds fluttered away at the noise.
Little birds are singing merrily in the trees.
Birds are singing in the trees.
The little birds broke forth in song.
The birds were singing in the forest.
Birds were singing up in the tree.
The birds are singing merrily.
Can you tell one bird from another by hearing them?
The little bird couldn't defend itself against the eagle.
We must preserve birds.
Little birds sing merrily.
Little birds sing merrily in the trees.
Akane Oda got her start in a petite miss beauty contest.
Which train is bound for Odawara?
Mr Kojima had a smoke after breakfast.
I saw some small animals running away in all directions.
He cleared the path of snow.
The path winds through the woods.
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
That car in the middle of the path is an inconvenience.
I walked along the footpath.
A little pot is soon hot.
Jump out of the frying pan into the fire.
The kitten was drinking milk under the table.
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.
A retail merchant buys wholesale and sells retail.
The retail price index is a barometer of economic activity.
Seed the fields with wheat.
A wheat import ban was enacted.
The wheat is ready for harvest.
You can make a cake with flour and milk and an egg.
Flour is sold by the pound.
Flour is the main ingredient in cakes.
Flour is made into bread.
Flour is made from wheat.
A bill came along with the package.
I'm afraid I have addressed the parcel wrongly.
Will you weigh this parcel?
The package will arrive in London on August 17.
Parcels are handled at the next window.
Let me know when you get the package.
I have just been to the post office to send a parcel.
There is an extra charge for mailing packages by express.
The girl snapped up the package and pointed to a little old man standing beside her.
As well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
Kobayashi is lost in the music.
Don't you think you are a little too pushy?
Could you lend me some money? I'm short of cash at the moment.
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
May I speak to you a minute?
I was a little disappointed.
Will you give me some?
How about adding a touch of pepper?
It's a gradual thing.
Little by little our knowledge of English increases.
Gradually things began to look a little less black.
Little by little the water gets shallower.
Would you turn down the stereo a little?
It will hurt a little, but not much.
Would you just move along a bit, please?
It allowed of no delay.
Do you mind if I watch TV for a while?
Apart from a few spelling mistakes, it is a good composition.
You'd better relax a bit.
Little help did I get.
May I take a rest for a while?
Could you take care of the baby for a while?
I will stay here for a short period.
We had better leave her alone for a few minutes.
He found difficulty in making ends meet on his small salary.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
There was a short pause and the housewife said...
Would you give me a discount?
Is he anything of a scholar?
Is there any hope whatsoever?
I can follow you partly.
Settle down for a while and concentrate.
I have a little money with me now.
It might be discreet of you to bend a little to the prevailing wind.
I understand his point in a way.
Are you feeling better?
I was a little afraid.
With a little planning, I think we can take our company to the top.
Feeling a little dizzy, I sat down for a while.
We're not a bit too soon.
Little help did he give me.
Since I lost a little weight, my belt got loose.
I've lost a little weight.
He could not refrain from smiling, though with a slight sense of guilt.
Can't you discount it a little?
Do you think a little salt would improve the flavor?
I think I'll lie down for a while.
Can I play some music?
A few hours nap will do you good.
"Could you move over a little?" "Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I was taking up so much space."
I want to take a rest.
I'll be fine if I take a little rest.
Seen at a distance, the two look alike.
The work will come easy with a little practice.
A little thought will tell you that the whole plan is out of the question.
A little reflection will make you realize you are wrong.
I had gone some distance before I missed my wallet.
I pulled my punches a little.
It would be nice if you helped me a little.
Would you mind if I left a little early?
We're a little early.
All I did was run a little and now my knees are wobbly.
I felt my heart pound after running a little.
You seem to have gained some weight.
Would you mind waiting a moment?
I hadn't waited long before he came along.
If you hold on a moment, I will get Jane on the phone.
Hold on a minute, please.
Won't you take something off this price?
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.
I have a slight headache.
I became very sleepy after a bit of reading.
Having a slight fever, I stayed in bed.
I think I've got a touch of fever.
You may have a slight fever.
I have some shopping to do.
There is a little chill in the air.
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong.
A short walk will bring you to the station.
A short walk brought me to the lake.
A short walk brought me to the museum.
I've got to catch some Z's.
I need to get some shut-eye.
Would you mind holding your tongue for a while?
We'd better go back a little.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a ball.
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a squatting human figure.
Seen at a distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Seen at a distance, she looked like a woman of about fifty.
I think it's a good idea to spend some time apart so you can see each other differently.
At a distance, the ship looks like an island.
I'll lend you what little money I have on me.
Living on a small income is hard.
Make the best of your small income.
Not a few houses were destroyed in the typhoon.
We were not a little disappointed with you.
At least, not that one. You see, I give the lecture.
You might at least say thank you.
There were at least a hundred people present.
No less than one hundred people were present.
The situation in Hungary was more confused, at least until 1947.
Brush your teeth twice a day at least.
At least thirty students were absent.
Not less than 40 percent of students go on to university.
At least 49 percent of students go on to university.
Not less than fifty passengers were injured in the traffic accident.
Come at least at six.
You should call on your parents at least once a month.
You must not forget to write to your parents at least once a month.
I believe in you at any rate.
At least they should have a map.
Do you want small bills or large?
A major is above a captain.
It was very far-sighted for that company to change its policy to accommodate the decrease in numbers of children and the aging of society.
The girl was carrying a plastic bag stuffed full of things.
A girl is playing the flute.
A girl was making a speech in the park.
A girl appeared before me.
Girls came in one after another.
One of the girls was left behind.
Each of the girls has a doll in her arms.
The girls were dancing lightly like so many butterflies.
The girls chased after their teen-age idol.
The girls arranged their party.
The girls danced to music.
The girls came singing toward the crowd.
The girls clubbed together to help the poor family.
The girls wanted to pick beautiful flowers in spring.
The girls were trussed up and left in a cellar.
The girls will not play tennis tomorrow.
The girl looked around.
The girl danced for joy.
The girl made an awkward bow.
The little girl played an angel in the Christmas play.
When the girl was scolded, she assumed a look of innocence.
The girl caused her to get injured while skiing.
The girl was aware of the danger.
The girl said that she had never heard of such a person.
The little girl just kept crying.
The girl stood up to her knees in the water.
The girl was pleased when she got a present.
The girl writes a good hand though she is still only ten.
The girl lifted her face, still wet with tears.
The girl vanished like magic.
The girl walked slowly.
The girl listened to music, the boy was reading a book.
The girl lacked musical ability.
The girl ran away from home and cut loose from her parents' control.
The girl stood in tears.
The girl shrank back in fear.
The girl trembled with fear.
The girl was trembling with fear.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
The girl tried hard to hold back her tears.
The girl is checking out the rear of the bicycle.
The girl is deeply attached to her aunt.
The girl cried out for help.
The little girl laughed her tears away.
The girl melted into tears.
The girl kindly told me the way to the museum.
The girl squeezed her doll affectionately.
The girl has a pure voice.
The girl was in her best.
The girl made a doll out of a piece of cloth.
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.
The girl brought me a red and white rose.
The girl let the bird loose.
The girl let the bird go.
The girl jumped to her feet and left the room.
The girl flung her arms around him.
The girl wanted to, but could not, tell him the truth.
The girl was overcome with grief.
The girl greeted me with a smile.
The girl went to school in spite of her illness.
A crying girl opened the door.
The girl threw her arms around her father's neck.
The little girl was carried back home in her father's arms.
The girl came into the room and burst into tears.
The girl played the baby to her mother.
The girl went to sleep.
The young girl laughed carelessly.
The little girl danced, with her eyes shining.
The girl was used to sitting up till late.
The girl was busy making tea for her friend.
The girl was not more careful than her friend.
The girl stood looking into the mirror.
The girls came dancing arm in arm.
Was their mother watching the girls?
The girls are wild about the film star.
The girls were all excited at the thought of meeting the actor.
Little girls sing merrily.
The girls reveled in dancing.
Would you please wait for a minute?
Hang on. I'll transfer you.
Hold on a minute, please. I'll see if he is in.
Please wait a moment. Yes, we have a reservation for you.
I will give you what little money I have.
It'll do no harm to drink a little whisky.
A few minor mistakes apart, your writing is good.
Give me some milk.
I'm rather proud of it.
A perfect knowledge of a few writers and a few subjects is more valuable than a superficial one of a great many.
You must also respect the opinions of the minority.
We should think much of the opinion of the minority.
The minority party made a last-ditch effort to block passage of the bills.
Minorities are despised in many countries.
Minorities are confronted with many hardships.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty and so on.
Although many pay lip service to the idea of affirmative action, in reality, very few minorities get hired.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice and poverty.
Three boys came in. I spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest.
Now that the boy was five, they had to think about which school to send him to.
A boy ran off with some money.
A boy made off with some money.
For the boy to swim across the river was impossible.
A boy was beating the drum.
Look at the boy jump!
A boy was throwing stones at the dog.
A boy came running towards me.
A boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle.
I saw a boy knocked down by a car.
I saw a boy crossing the street.
One of the boys suddenly ran away.
One by one the boys went out of the room.
The boys were banging about upstairs.
Aren't the boys staying with you?
The boy went down the river on a raft.
The boys were whispering; I knew they were up to something.
All the boys enjoyed skiing.
All the boys looked down.
All the boys spoke, each in turn.
The boys are all of an age.
One by one, the boys came to see what I was reading.
All the boys spoke in turn.
The boys marched on, singing merrily.
Sometimes the boys would play a trick on their teacher.
All the boys spoke each in turn.
We hardly had enough cake for every boy.
A boy and a girl came in. I spoke to the boy, who seemed to be older than the girl.
The boy and the girl seem to know each other.
The boy and his uncle faced each other across the table.
He's only a boy, but he is very thoughtful.
For the boy, his father represented authority.
His mother's letters were an anchor to the boy.
I bade the boy go out.
I would walk in the woods when I was a boy.
When he was a boy, his home environment was good.
The boy has a paint spot on his shirt.
A group of boys were coming up to me.
When I was a boy, I was addicted to reading detective stories.
There is every promise of the boy's release.
The boy cried what a tall building it was.
The boy set a bird free.
The boy is always mocked by his classmates.
The boy was always reckless of danger.
The boy considered the dolphin his best friend.
The boy spilled the ink, but he didn't mean to.
The boy acknowledged having lied.
The little boy hung his head and said nothing.
The boy liked to keep his pencils sharp.
The boy released a bird from the cage.
The boy ran and ran toward the goal.
The boy deserved praise for saving the child's life.
The boy was absorbed in playing a computer game.
The boy was anxious for a bicycle.
The boy sat there reading a weekly magazine.
The boy slung a stone at the dog.
The boy was bright-eyed with delight at the present.
The boy captured the bird with a net.
The boy lay on the sofa.
The boy claims he knows nothing about it.
The boy knows many magic tricks.
The boy said that the taxi vanished into the fog.
The boy grew taller and taller, till at last he exceeded his father in height.
The boy was holding a mouse by the tail.
The boy seized the ladder, and began to climb.
The boy was clever enough to solve the puzzle.
The boy has a bat under his arm.
The boy took off his cap.
The boy was about to jump into the lake.
The boy decided to observe and record honeybees in detail.
The boy decided to observe and record bees in detail.
The boy skipped over the fence.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
The boy stripped off his clothes.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
The boy told his mother about it first of all when he got home.
The boy admitted having broken the vase.
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.
The boy rolled downstairs.
The boy returned with his face covered with mud.
The boy pretended that he was so sick that he couldn't go to school.
The little boy struggled to free himself from the policeman.
The boy threw a stone at the dog.
The boy passed the time by flinging stones into the lake.
The boy ran away without looking back.
The boy persisted in his opinion.
The boy is to be praised in so far as he did his best.
The boy bowed to me.
A boy came running toward me.
The boy ran away when he saw me.
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.
The boy saw himself as an adult.
The boy passed the examination with success.
He kept at the job all day.
The boy lay on his back, basking in the spring sunshine.
The boy clasped the puppy to his chest.
The boy locked his arm in the girl's.
The boy hit the ball with his new bat.
The boy showed off his new bicycle to everyone.
The boy jumped into the water.
The boy grew up to be a famous scientist.
The boy had a red face.
The boy admitted breaking the window.
The boy came running into the room.
The boy came back to life.
The boy has grown out of all his old clothes.
The little boy shied away from the TV camera.
The boy was gazing at a school of carp in the pond.
The boy was sold into slavery.
The boy is bashful and doesn't talk much.
Both the boys shouted out.
The boy was so tired that he could walk no longer.
The boy pretended that he was too sick to go to school.
The boy made believe he was too ill to go to school.
The boy took no notice of his father's advice.
The boy looked into the room.
The boy quivered at the sound.
The boy stole money from his mother's handbag.
The boy bent his steps from the path.
The youth was arrested for being involved in a riot.
The boy has taken the toy away from his little sister.
The boy was full.
The boy could not find his way out of the maze.
The boy was engrossed in constructing a model plane.
The boy carved his name on the tree.
The boy stripped a tree of the bark.
The boy was fed up with being treated as a burden.
The boy faintly resembled his father in appearance.
The boy was watching the sheep.
The boy was very sharp at physics.
The boy entered by the back door.
The boy may have told a lie to please his parents.
Boys, be ambitious.
I came near being drowned, trying to rescue a boy.
You may trust the boy. He is above lying.
In his boyhood, Yasunari Kawabata took care of his grandfather.
His boyhood experiences taught him what it was like to be poor.
Sometimes it is pleasant to look back on one's childhood.
Boys and girls were parading along the street.
They walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse.
All the boys thought Carol was a dog.
The boy stood on end.
All the boys went away.
Taking no notice of the people around them, the boys talked loudly to each other.
The boys scampered in all directions at the sight of their teacher.
Keep an eye on the boys. They're mischievous.
The juvenile crimes are increasing recently.
However, the general crime number has not decreased though the juvenile delinquency stands out.
The increase in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
Juvenile delinquency is increasing.
Art is long, time is fleeting.
The floor had a good shine.
Please pick up the pen from the floor.
The floor gave way.
They laid the carpet on the floor.
There were bits of broken glass on the floor.
Scarcely had I gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I had hardly gone to bed when the telephone rang.
On going to bed, he fell asleep.
Wax the floor.
Get down!
What pet is always found on the floor?
Don't sit on the floor.
Is there anything on the floor?
The floor must be very clean.
The floor is so dirty that It requires washing.
The floor was covered with dust.
The floor was swimming with blood.
The floor sagged under the heavy weight.
The floor is made of boards.
The floor was painted green, while the walls were yellow.
Look down at the floor.
Would you do me a favor by moving that chair over to the corner so that I can sweep the floor?
Newspapers lay scattered all over the floor.
The floor was running with water.
The barber has cut your hair very short.
Why don't you get a haircut?
Go to the barber.
Go to the barber's to have your hair cut.
Run pipes under the floor.
You had best agree.
All right.
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.
Thank you for your invitation.
Though invited, she didn't go to watch the World cup.
It is a great honor to be invited.
I can't go when I haven't been invited.
Did you invite him?
Thank you so much for inviting me.
If you invited him, he might come.
My son's friend imposed himself on us for two weeks.
Having accepted the invitation, he failed to show up.
Among the guests were the mayor and his wife.
Please respond at your earliest convenience.
Don't leave me out when you're sending the invitations!
As we went up, the air grew colder.
How beautiful the rising sun is!
I went to the boss in hopes of getting a raise.
You'd better not count on a raise.
Promotion was an incentive to harder work.
Are you worried about the promotion?
She had no incentive to work after she was refused a promotion.
It's great that you got the promotion.
I'm afraid a promotion is out of the question now.
The chance of promotion disposed him to accept the offer.
I worked hard in expectation of promotion.
His desire for promotion blinded him to other's feelings.
World War II came to an end in the 20th year of the Showa era.
Matsui pulled the Giants back from the brink with a grand slam that gave them a come-from-behind victory.
Matsushita commands respect from its competitors.
He called up his uncle as soon as he got to Matsuyama.
Can you tell me the art of recognizing matsutake mushrooms?
Seicho Matumoto died in 1992.
Swampy land is no use for building purposes.
Rub out these words with your eraser.
May I borrow your eraser?
Leave it off.
I have gas indigestion.
The passive man seldom, if ever, expresses himself.
I don't like a negative sort of man.
Spending will grow only a touch faster.
The consumer price index has been fluctuating wildly.
The consumption tax is now 5 percent in Japan.
It took the fireman almost two hours to put out the fire.
The fire fighter demonstrated how to put out the fire.
Before the firemen were able to arrive, both buildings burned down.
The firemen protect us from fires.
The area was cordoned off while fire fighters tried to keep the blaze under control.
The firemen soon put out the fire.
The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze.
The firemen battered down the door.
The fireman could not extinguish the flames.
The firefighters put out the fire on the spot.
The firemen rushed into the burning house.
The firemen had the fire out in no time.
The fireman soon put the fire out.
The fire fighters put out the fire.
The fireman rushed into the burning house.
The house was ablaze when the fire engine arrived.
Before the fire engine arrived, the whole house was burnt down.
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.
Please call the fire department.
The fire station is next to the police station.
The fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call.
Tell me what you did in Shounan.
The beaches in Shonan are very crowded on Sunday.
A freshly baked cake doesn't cut easily.
I don't like grilled fish, let alone raw fish.
Please have some copies made.
Won't you have some bread hot from the oven?
It's baking hot.
It is broiling hot.
A mother's heart is always with her children.
Jealousy is an enemy to friendship.
I want to take things one step at a time without getting flustered. I want to live in the moment.
Stay calm, and do your best.
Please give us three references.
Terumi gave me a thin smile again.
Make sure you go to a doctor if you get worse.
You should consult a doctor if the symptoms get worse.
Your condition isn't serious.
Is this symptom getting better or worse?
A national campaign for energy saving is underway.
It's no laughing matter.
That goes beyond a joke.
I was laughing so hard I nearly dislocated my jaw.
A kiss will be given to the person who wants to laugh.
Is laughter a quality of man only?
Laughter is the best medicine.
It was no laughing matter.
It is no laughing matter.
Laughter is a human instinct, and when it comes to instinct, cultural barriers don't exist.
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
Please don't laugh! Try it yourself!
I want to die laughing.
Laugh and be fat.
You amuse me.
Don't make me laugh!
I'm used to being laughed at.
Thank you for your referral.
What's the name of the person who recommended us to you?
Did anybody recommend us to you?
In preparation for painting a portrait, my friend takes many photographs in order to study the subject closely.
I'll never forget the sound the crash made.
As soon as he heard the crash, he rushed out of the house.
He recalled that a collision had been avoided by sheer luck.
There's no evidence.
You can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof.
The evidence convinced us of his innocence.
The evidence was against me.
The evidence is laid out before us. Considering that, together with the fact that he has no alibi, there's no question that he's the guilty one.
The evidence is clear.
There is not even a semblance of proof.
When he was faced with the evidence, he had to admit that he was guilty.
In the absence of firm evidence the prisoner was set free.
In the absence of definite evidence, he was acquitted.
Loan on deeds needed the joint surety.
The concealment of facts by a witness is a criminal offense.
I move that the witness be summoned on Monday.
The confirmation hearings turned into a free-for-all.
Don't rush into the situation until you have all the details; hold your horses until you know where you are going.
A detailed report will be sent you by next mail.
A thorough investigation is now in progress.
There isn't time to explain in detail.
Let me know the details.
The investigation revealed him to be a spy.
For further details, call Gisle.
I didn't go into details.
Apply to the office for further details.
For particulars, apply to the college.
More detailed information will be supplied on application to the publisher.
Have you ever seen an elephant fly?
An elephant is a strong animal.
The size of the elephant astonished the little boy.
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
The elephants are the chief attraction at the circus.
The elephant is bigger than all the other animals.
An elephant is an enormous animal.
Elephants are in danger of dying out.
An elephant is a very large animal.
An elephant has a long nose.
The elephant is the largest land animal.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
I hope you will succeed in winning the prize.
You shall have this album as a prize.
The prize went to him.
He turned out to be a real disappointment after we went through hell and high water to find him.
He came five minutes after the bell had rung.
Directly the bell rang, we got up.
The bell chimed them to meals.
Has the bell rung yet?
Some people are gifted with the ability to iron out difficulties while others are born trouble makers.
Hurdling the wall will make him stronger.
A rock fell from above.
The island as seen from above resembles a pear in shape.
The sound rises and falls.
The higher you climb, the greater the fall.
The numerical values shown above derive from Hobson's simulation.
The higher up we went, the colder it became.
See the example given above.
Before we try to move up to the next level, I think we need to focus on keeping what we have.
I'm sorry but it's not my position to make a decision.
The animal in the top left-hand corner is meant to be a dragon.
What is shown in the above experiment is that the right hemisphere of the brain is not used at all.
Please take the sugar pot down from the upper shelf.
I heard a strange sound coming from the room above.
The people upstairs come home late at night.
Evidence that the above example is farfetched can be seen by comparing the total occurrences of component X.
Where's the up-escalator?
Feel the top and see how warm it is.
Between them, the two largest companies account for a share large than 50% of the market.
The senator charged that I had distorted the data.
When does the show start?
Two passenger trains crashed in Shanghai.
There are many more beautiful ladies in Shanghai than in Tokyo.
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.
Shanghai is among the largest cities in the world.
Senior executives spend a lot of time training their subordinates.
I hoped to have seen you when I went to Tokyo.
He had not been in Tokyo a month when he got homesick.
Allow me to know in advance when you are coming up to Tokyo.
I stayed at my uncle's while I was in Tokyo.
The jet made a whining sound as it soared overhead.
We had a glimpse of the lake as we flew over it.
My boss gave me so much work that I couldn't leave the office.
I hope my boss will agree to my realistic plan.
My boss invited me to dinner.
I skipped out on my appointment with my boss.
My supervisor is making me do this so I'm in no hurry to finish.
You should know better than to talk back to your boss.
I'll get permission from my superior.
I could not but talk back to my boss.
My boss made me work overtime.
The boss'll have my head.
I should tell you that my boss, Mr Tanaka, might try to take you drinking.
My boss detained me more than 30 minutes.
My boss is always finding fault with me.
My boss is starting to get edgy.
My boss assigned the hard job to me.
My boss will not say 'yes'.
My boss called me down for frequent absence from work.
My boss called me down for making private calls on the office phone.
My boss doesn't think I am equal to the job.
My boss didn't excuse me for coming late to the meeting.
After the hatchet job my boss did on my proposal, I'm not sure how long I want to keep on working here.
Our boss turned down our proposal.
My boss grumbled at me about my work.
My superior excused me for arriving late.
My boss isn't satisfied with my report.
The boss asked Mr Brown to take charge of the office while she was away.
My boss rejected the budget for the new project.
My boss turned down his proposal.
My boss dictated a letter for his secretary to type.
The boss directed his men to finish it quickly.
The boss allotted tasks to his men.
My supervisor looked at the revised schedule and nodded his agreement.
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.
Don't risk insulting your boss.
Quality goods are worth it in the long run.
It's made of fine cotton.
A good diplomat is a person who practices the technique of letting someone else let the cat out of the bag.
Do you think it will work?
Excellent putt.
A good sailor only requires a short time to get his sea legs.
A good lawyer will always zero in on a key piece of evidence.
You have done a very good job.
Hang your coat and hat up on the rack over there.
Your jacket and tie don't go together.
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.
On him the coat did not meet in the front.
A coat is an article of clothing.
The coat does not fit properly across the shoulders.
I put my coat on the table.
He's putting on a coat.
Take your coat off, and make yourself at home.
May I take off my coat?
Put your coat on, or you'll catch cold.
I wear my coat to rags.
We have to be respectful to our seniors.
Please undress from the waist up.
Something is flashing up ahead.
The cherry blossoms at Ueno are at their best now.
Ueno is the station after next.
Don't be subservient to your boss.
If the boss says you've got to work overtime, then there's no choice but to do so.
It is courageous of him to oppose his boss.
He was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles.
It was the tall man in the long, black coat.
Could you make it a little shorter for me?
Please get in.
We cannot meet the demands of the hijackers.
Do you want a ride?
I got on the wrong line.
I missed my stop. How long does it take to reach the next stop?
Would anyone like a transfer?
We have a margin of just five minutes to change trains.
Is there a transfer point?
Do I need to transfer?
Do I have to change trains?
Could I have a transfer?
Can I drop off the car?
What gate number does the bus leave from?
How do I get down to the trains?
If she hasn't missed the train!
Rides in the cars are for kids.
Please give me some airsickness medicine.
If you drive, don't drink.
How long will it take to get in to ride?
I'm afraid I have taken a wrong train.
The only flight available is a red eye flight next week.
The pilots were among the 79 survivors consisting of passengers and crew.
The passengers came on board all at the same time.
The passengers were asleep in their cabins when the ship hit a huge iceberg.
Passengers poured out to the road.
None of the passengers escaped injury.
Much attention was paid to the safety of the passengers.
Little attention was paid to the comfort for the passengers.
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.
Some passengers complained about the service.
The passengers sat four aside.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
Passengers can take a certain amount of baggage on the airplane.
How many people are on board?
Are all passengers on board?
Passengers should board the train now.
All passengers are required to show their tickets.
All the passengers were requested to get off the train.
The passengers were taken off the sinking ship.
I can't find my ticket.
I can't find my ticket. I must have lost it.
Where is the ticket-selling window?
Go on board.
The passengers on board were mostly Japanese.
The crew is large.
The crew prepared for the voyage to outer space.
The crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space.
The crew jumped for joy.
The crew prepared for the voyage across the Pacific Ocean.
Some of the crew were drowned.
The crew abandoned the ship.
All the crew were saved.
The crew had to abandon the sinking ship.
The whole crew was saved.
I'd like to try horseback riding.
The crew is now opening the hatch.
The crew were all waiting for the news.
All the crew were tired.
There were 120 people on the plane, exclusive of the crew.
The entire crew was afflicted with food poisoning.
My joke went over very well.
You are carrying your joke a bit too far.
It's no joke.
You can't be serious! He's no more a doctor than I am.
Don't think I'm joking.
Never tell a lie, either for fun or from fear.
He said so in jest.
There's many a true word spoken in jest.
I said so by way of a joke.
Joking aside, how are things going?
Joking aside, what are you trying to say?
Joking aside, what do you mean to do?
Joking apart, you ought to see a doctor about your headache.
No more of your jokes, please.
Get serious.
Apart from joking, what do you mean to do?
Don't pull my leg!
You mustn't carry your jokes too far!
You must be joking!
Whether we find a joke funny or not largely depends on where we have been brought up.
I don't feel like joking.
Can there be a computer intelligent enough to tell a joke?
You have to be joking.
The site of the castle is now a park.
The castle is across the river.
The castle lies to the east of the town.
The castle stands facing a beautiful lake.
All was silent throughout the castle.
The party grew chilly.
I think it depends.
Just appoint the time and place and I'll be there.
Where did the mugging take place?
The scene was a tiny mountain village in a remote section of West Virginia.
Please tell me your location.
Could you please make room for me?
Always obey your father.
You should always do your best.
I always feel hungry.
You should always think before you speak.
It is the border-line cases that are always in danger: the dignified buildings of the past which may possess no real artistic or historic value, but which people have become sentimentally attached to and have grown to love.
You must always do what is right.
Always do what is right.
To be always ready for war, said Mentor, is the surest way to avoid it.
I always have a tired feeling.
To be always logical may be sometimes hated by others.
Who that has common sense can believe such a thing?
A man of sense would be ashamed of such behavior.
Who, that has common sense, would do such a thing?
Who that has common sense can believe it?
A man of common sense would never do such a thing.
Nobody that has any common sense would think of doing such nonsense.
I think that knowledge without common sense counts for nothing.
Though commonsense is necessary for everyone, it is not always easily acquired.
Knowledge without common sense counts for little.
Knowledge without common sense counts for nothing.
He who gives to another bestows on himself.
I was moved to tears in spite of myself.
Everything is against us.
The situation went from bad to worse.
The situation calls for our action.
The odds are against us.
The situation calls for drastic measures.
The situation has taken on a new aspect.
The situation got out of the government's control.
The situation is hopeless.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
Passions weaken, but habits strengthen, with age.
Bad news is preferable to an absence of information.
The information seems to have leaked out.
Information is sometimes held back from patients when it is thought it might upset them.
A polite way to reveal knowledge of a fact without telling the source of the information is to say, "a little bird told me".
The information is leaking piecemeal to the press.
Thank you for the lead.
In order to keep informed, I try to read as much as possible.
We have to gather information.
Some people read that they may get information.
Do you know where to go or whom to ask for information?
Although the conditions are slightly different, the result of our experiment was identical with Robinson's.
I fix the terms.
A treaty is, as it were, a contract between countries.
The treaty bans the use of chemical weapons.
The treaty bans atomic bombs and hydrogen bombs.
A staff is used to help steady yourself when walking, much like a cane.
The stick didn't help him any.
I am afraid of the situation getting worse.
That depends, but usually about three times a week.
You should deal with matters according to the situation.
The situation gets worse and worse.
The situation is capable of improvement.
The situation became worse by the minute.
The situation was getting difficult to deal with.
Do you regard the situation as serious?
The situation appears desperate.
The situation remains unchanged.
The situation got out of their control.
Appearances are against her.
Please let me know the status.
I hope you will correct the situation immediately.
How would you analyze the situation?
I don't remember what happened.
I've added my recommendations to improve the situation.
Thank you for helping me correct the situation.
You must judge the situation and act accordingly.
My legs ache from sitting on tatami.
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.
Though it was a muggy night, she went to bed with all the windows closed.
Stop beating a dead horse.
Steam is rising from the pot.
The steam has fogged my glasses.
Steam boilers may explode.
A steam engine transforms heat into power.
Steam trains were replaced by electric trains.
Steam locomotives run less smoothly than electric trains.
The lock is broken.
The tablets took away my pain.
Plants grow.
Along with the plants, animal life, too, was developing in harmony with the strict requirements of the land.
Water the plants.
In addition to water, sunshine is absolutely necessary for plant life.
Our attitude toward plants is singularly narrow.
The seeds of plants breathe all the time.
Plant growth and productivity react sharply to a complex combination of temperature and moisture.
All plants need water and light.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
The more worthless the plant, the more rapid and splendid is its growth.
Plants die without water.
Failure to water plants will cause them to die.
Plants take in water from the soil.
Plants are nourished by earth.
You don't have any plants or animals, right?
Professor Sprout acclimated the plant to a new environment.
Botany is the scientific study of plants.
Botany deals with the study of plants.
I had the gardener plant some trees.
The flower pot crashed to the sidewalk.
Admittance to staff members only.
Job security became a major worry.
A job is not merely a means to earn a living.
My teacher guided me in the choice of a career.
His job has brought him in contact with some foreigners.
Look through the yellow pages.
The section chief seems to like abusing his authority.
Install a vending machine in our office.
You shouldn't go to work.
Can I go to work?
A professional is painting the house.
The workmen were climbing up and down the ladder.
How is your job hunting going?
Faded jeans are still in fashion.
The colors don't mingle well.
The color is thickly laid on.
She is a fox.
The color has come out well.
The color will not go off.
He identifies colors and shapes.
Do you have this in any other colors?
Fair words fill not the belly.
I think it's about time you stopped putting your belly before your looks.
Color is the most sacred element of all visible things.
Thanks again for everything.
"Thank you very much for everything." "You are welcome."
Thank you very much for everything. He wrote it down lest he should forget it.
Women are finding out that many different roles are open to them.
I'm color-blind.
Some people are color blind; they cannot tell one color from another.
Don't touch it. Leave it as it is.
Hands off.
The greedy little child ate all the food.
You may eat anything so long as you don't eat too much.
It's not good to overeat.
You shouldn't eat to excess.
Eat as much as you like.
Foods you eat which you don't like will not digest well.
Just leave it.
You must not read while eating.
Eat, for you are hungry.
He says we must live to eat.
Why do you take so long to eat?
Put out your cigarette before you eat.
Don't injure your stomach by eating too much.
The doctor said to me, "Don't eat too much."
I ate myself sick.
Bear in mind that we must guard against overeating.
Eating too much is bad for the health.
When we eat too much, we suffer from indigestion.
If you eat too much, you will get fat.
Eating too much may lead to sickness.
Don't eat to excess.
Lack of food had left him weak and exhausted.
There is plenty of food left if you'd like some.
I have difficulty chewing.
The food disagreed with him.
Some food was brought to them.
The food is getting cold.
Food and blankets were given out to the refugees.
I advised him not to spend all his money on food.
Some kinds of food make us thirsty.
I have no likes and dislikes about food.
Wash your hands before you handle the food.
The smell of food made me hungry.
Don't complain of your food.
The food was not bad, as hotel food goes.
All the food was gone.
There is plenty of food.
The food was terrible -all the same I didn't complain.
You might as well chew your food well.
The food wasn't good, but at least it was cheap.
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
Food works on our health.
Food decays quickly in hot weather.
We have food in abundance.
We have run short of food.
My throat hurts when I swallow.
It is not good to talk with your mouth full.
What is the best way of getting food into the mouth?
He finished his dinner because he didn't like to waste food.
It was not until the child was fed that he stopped crying.
Let's do the dishes.
Please carry your dishes to the kitchen.
"It is not a cupboard," he said in surprise.
"Is it a cupboard?" Replied Pip.
I got a rash on my hands from dishwasher detergent.
Are you giving out meal tickets here?
How do I use meal tickets?
After dinner, we took a spin around town in my car.
Take two capsules after a meal.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Take this medicine after meals.
Brush your teeth clean after each meal.
Brush your teeth after meals.
I have aggravation after eating.
I cannot dispense with coffee after meals.
I can't do without coffee after meals.
The meals don't suit my taste.
When the food is bad, it's a real letdown.
I had sooner sleep than eat.
Dinner's ready.
Dinner's ready. I'm coming.
Won't you come to dine with us?
What about going out for a meal?
Let's go to eat.
Give variety to your meals.
Let's walk on the beach after dinner.
The room emptied when the gong for dinner sounded.
He kept silent during the meal.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
Coffee comes after the meal.
I make it a rule to brush my teeth after meals.
Do you have strong likes and dislikes for certain food?
A fine dessert finished the meal.
The doorbell rang during the meal.
Avoid drinking too much water with your meals.
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
Have a good wash before meals.
You should wash your hands before each meal.
Say your prayers before you eat.
Wash your hands before meals.
May I set the table?
We'll eat on the way.
I have left you your dinner in the oven.
The meal was great, wasn't it?
The whole meal was good but the wine in particular was excellent.
Are meals included?
Take time to eat your meals.
When shall we eat?
Do you eat at home or eat out?
Are any meals included?
You have to eat regularly.
Let dinner wait.
Don't eat for at least three hours.
I'm cooked meals by my mother.
Don't talk about business while we're dining.
We could eat supper before it, couldn't we?
We have time enough to eat.
The smell of cooking makes me hungry.
Did you have a good time at the dinner?
What is peculiar to Japan at mealtimes is that people eat rice out of little bowls.
Should I watch my diet?
You should always wash your hands before meals.
The price of the meal includes a service charge.
We shared the cost of the meal.
It is bad manners to do so at table.
You shouldn't speak with your mouth full at table.
It is bad manners to make noises at table.
It is bad manners to make a noise while you eat.
He came in while we were at table.
The conversation at table is lively and interesting.
I would like you to behave yourself at table.
You must not make a noise at the table.
Be quiet at the table.
It's important to follow a strict diet.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
Food is necessary for life.
Take this medicine before each meal.
You must clean your hands before meals.
I cleared the table of the dishes.
He does not know how to behave at the table.
Don't bend over the table.
There are a lot of dishes on the table.
The table was loaded with fruit.
Don't bend over the table. Sit up straight.
Have you ever had food poisoning?
Insect-eating plants are equipped with various kinds of traps to catch insects.
Have you put out the light in the dining room?
The cafeteria was self-service.
Where is the cafeteria?
Is the dining room open now?
What time does the dining room open?
Let's adjourn to the dining room for dinner.
Where's the dining car?
Food packaging reduces spoilage.
We know how food affects growth.
Reading is not less necessary to our mind than food is to our body.
Books are to the mind what food is to the boy.
A lot of wild animals died for lack of food.
Food and drink are material needs.
Pay heed to your food.
Food is essential to life.
Chew your food well.
It is hard to imagine a more efficient way of catching food.
I have little appetite.
I have an extraordinary appetite.
Sudden decrease in appetite is sometimes a sign of illness.
I don't feel like eating.
The doctor says stimulus is needed for appetite.
The only thing that doesn't require skill is an appetite.
Supplies of food were low and we had to ration out the little that was left.
There are abundant food supplies.
Food supply shows steady improvement.
The food supplies will not hold out till then.
We have still a lot of food left.
There is an abundant supply of foodstuffs.
Both our food and water were running out.
Will you get me some salt at the grocer's?
The grocer managed to convince his customers of his honesty.
Goods at the food and clothing stalls were very cheap.
Food prices will come down soon, won't they?
I am in the grocery line.
We ran out of food.
We ran short of food.
Food has been in short supply.
Stay here for as long as the food supply holds out.
Lack of food made them very hungry.
Violence erupted all over the city because of the food shortages.
Bite your tongue!
Tails are absent in some cats.
Believe me. I'll be a new man.
Do you believe me?
Believe it or not, a monster emerged from the bush.
But whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's only son.
Believe it or not, that is true.
Believe it or not, I went skydiving.
Unbelievable!
Believe it or not, Tom is 70 years old.
That was fabulous.
Believe it or not, a monster emerged from the cave.
It's unbelievable.
I almost believe you.
I acted upon what I believed.
The problem of faith brings us to the Thirties and the Western love-affair with communism.
Faith can move mountains.
Good for Nobuyuki.
When the traffic light is yellow, we stop.
The sign warns us to look out for traffic.
The signal turned green.
Wait till the light turns green.
The traffic light turned green.
Wait until the light changes to green.
They got over to the other side while the light was red.
The traffic light changed to red.
I didn't notice the light turn red.
Don't cross the road while the signal is red.
The signal turning red, he stopped his car.
It is against the rule to cross the street while the red light is on.
Turn to the left without regard to the signal.
The traffic signal is green.
The signal turned from red to green.
The signal was red.
The light turned red.
The traffic lights were all red.
Traffic lights work all the time.
Is there a law here about jaywalking?
We don't want to risk running a traffic light.
We're better off not running traffic lights.
It is hard to live up to your convictions.
I acted out my belief.
Which is longer, the Shinano River or the Agano River?
No other river in Japan is longer than the Shinano.
The Shinano is longer than any other river in Japan.
No other river is longer than the Shinano.
Credit companies send their customers monthly bills.
Give me some credit.
You should have your house built by a trustworthy builder.
I have great faith in you.
You should associate with people who you believe are trustworthy.
It's a fort built to defend the town from invasion.
I have chapped lips.
I have a cold sore on my lip.
Put one's finger on one's lips for silence.
I had to bite my lip to prevent myself from laughing.
You may as well as go to bed now.
While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
Don't wake up the sleeping child.
Nothing is so appealing as the innocent face of a sleeping baby.
May I go to bed?
Whether I'm sleeping or awake, I think of you all the time.
Whether I'm sleeping or awake, this subject is always in my mind.
Awake or asleep, she was thinking about it.
You had better put out the fire before you go to bed.
I was about to go to bed when he called me up.
Never fail to lock the door when you go to bed.
It's too early to go to bed.
I like sleeping.
It took all evening.
Time for bed.
Don't forget to put out the light before you go to bed.
Finish it before you go to bed.
Turn off the TV before you go to bed, OK?
It is better for you not to eat before you go to bed.
Be sure to lock the door before you go to bed.
Please put out the light before you go to sleep.
Don't drink beer before going to bed.
Would you like to have a bath before going to bed?
Put out the candles before you go to bed.
You are to clean your teeth before you go to bed.
Brush your teeth before going to bed.
Finish your homework before you go to bed.
Lock the window before going to bed.
Turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please remember to put out the cat before you go to bed.
Be sure to take this medicine before going to bed.
Please remember to put out the light before you go to bed.
Put out the light before you go to bed.
Do not forget to turn the light off before you go to bed.
Don't forget to turn off all the lights before going to bed.
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.
I perspire a lot at night.
I heard a noise in the bedroom.
On entering the bedroom, she started sobbing.
The bedroom curtains have faded at the edges.
It's the sort of day when you'd like to stay in bed.
I'd like to reserve a sleeping berth.
Lack of sleep is telling me.
When you lack sleep, you are apt to be careless.
Lack of sleep whittled away her energy.
I'm tired from lack of sleep.
Lack of sleep began to tell on me.
Want of sleep injures our health.
My hair got kinky.
Take care not to oversleep.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
Remember that oversleeping is no excuse for being late.
Some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely.
The judge's decision is final.
The umpire sits in a high chair at the side of the court.
The umpire called the ball foul.
A referee should not favor either side.
The referee blew his whistle to end the match.
The umpire called the batter out.
The umpire said that he was out.
The judge acknowledged him the winner.
The referee must be fair to both teams.
Please accept my sincerest condolences.
I offer you my hearty congratulations.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I sympathize with you from the bottom of my heart.
Sincere apologies.
I really appreciate it.
My heart's aching.
That sounds very tempting.
There are none so deaf as those who won't hear.
Thank you very much for your hearty hospitality.
Thank you very much for your thoughtful present.
He was persuaded to carry it out against his will.
Willing mind is what I have found at last.
Remember that we will inherit the results of your decisions.
I've got a feeling.
The pain in my heart just gets worse.
I've been waiting for love to come.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
I felt my heartaches, I was afraid of following you.
I thanked him from the bottom of my heart.
I'll be with you in spirit.
Pray with all your heart.
I closed my eyes to calm down.
I can't look at this photo without feeling very sad.
You must turn over a new leaf and work as hard as possible.
Piano music soothes the soul.
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
I'll turn over a new leaf and study English very hard.
You'll have to turn over a new leaf.
Lately I've had the time to quietly enjoy the wonders of nature.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
My heart's beating so fast!
It's abnormal to have the heart on the right side.
My heart fluttered with excitement.
I felt my heart beating rapidly.
The human heart is analogous to a pump.
It's not good for my heart.
My heart is beating fast.
My heart quickened.
We learn about the structure of the heart in junior high school.
The function of the heart is to pump blood.
The heart works slowly.
The heart is made of muscle.
After his heart attack, Jim had to cut down on his sugar intake.
I had a heart attack.
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.
You have my sympathies.
I'll take your ECG.
Few people are free from cares.
I'm so lucky to have someone who cares.
What is the use of worrying?
Don't worry. I'll take care of you.
Don't worry. I'm not mad at you.
Don't worry. You can count on me.
Don't worry. I'll look it up for you.
Don't worry. I have completely recovered.
Don't worry. It's OK.
Don't worry. It's a common mistake.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Take it easy. Things are looking up.
Don't worry, I'll help you. Just take it easy.
There is no cause for worry.
There is no cause for undue alarm.
There's nothing to worry about.
I've been worrying myself into depression.
Worrying deprived me of sleep last night.
Anxiety lined his face.
Worry turned his hair white.
Worries aged him rapidly.
Worrying deprived him of sleep.
Care killed a cat.
Recently what with anxiety and lack of sleep, she has lost almost ten pounds.
Nobody is free from care.
In the matter of psychology, he is an expert.
Psychology is the science of the mind.
Psychology is the scientific study of the mind.
Psychology deals with human emotions.
Dr. Patterson, a psychologist, has tested Koko's IQ.
Some psychologists raise doubts about Pepperberg's research.
It is clear that he failed for lack of prudence.
It is important to drive carefully.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Shinya married a pretty girl.
Don't look back cause you know what you might see.
We were back to square one.
I will be back to square one and have to take the classes over.
The cat in gloves catches no mice.
In looking back, I feel deeply grateful to my parents.
The marketing department is responsible for pricing new service.
I spent 3,000 yen on a new CD.
It will cost me a lot to furnish my new apartment.
We need to develop a new kind of energy.
The new engine must undergo all the necessary tests.
A new oil tanker was launched.
New office buildings seem to be sprouting up all over the city.
This is a limited time offer to new customers only.
Send me a new catalog.
You have to have a new crown.
How do you like your new class?
How are you getting along with your new classmates?
Do you get along well with your new classmates?
Mary was silly to buy a new coat.
The new computer is ten times as fast as the old one.
The new computer was too complicated for me to use at first.
The new jet circles the globe in twenty-four hours.
I spilled some fruit juice on my new shirt.
We want a new carpet.
A new shopping mall opened on the edge of town.
I must get a new suit made.
I have to buy a new pair of skis.
The project to build a new sports center has fallen through for lack of adequate funds.
The new sofa goes with the curtains.
The new team has the capability to win.
I'm going to ask for a new desk.
The new department store will be opened next month.
She's pleased with her new dress.
A new dress was bought for her.
Please help me pick out a sweater which matches my new dress.
She was satisfied with the new dress.
She looked very beautiful in her new dress.
I can't afford to buy a new bike, so I'll have to manage with this old one.
I am saving money in order to buy a new personal computer.
I am looking for a part-time job so I can buy a new video camera.
The new building cut the view from my window.
We are excited about the move to the new building.
Five years have been spent building the new building.
I have a new pen; I'll lend it to you.
I need a new pen. I'll buy one.
The new hall is double the size of the old one.
The new model is featured by higher power and speed.
A novelty wears off in time.
I'll buy a new one.
We played the game in accordance with the new rules.
It is said that a new restaurant was constructed.
The food at the new restaurant is nothing special - average at best.
I was anxious for a new word processor.
Will you show me your new word processor today?
How many new sites were uncovered?
The new train station is under construction and will be completed soon.
The new station building is under construction and will be completed soon.
Now that we're in our new house, I have to inform the post office of the change of address.
The new house didn't live up to expectations.
Money is the key factor when we decide to buy a new house.
The flowers in her new vase refreshed her.
I hear you'll set up a new company.
You must quickly accustom yourself to your new school.
There was a controversy about the location of the new school.
How do you like your new school?
The new school is of simple and modern construction.
I found it pretty hard to adjust to my new surroundings.
We had to gear our lives to the new circumstances.
He felt ill at ease in the new surroundings.
Did you request a new desk?
The new machine brought in a lot of money.
The company asked the bank to loan them some money to buy new machinery.
The new equipment enabled us to finish the work in an hour.
The new regulations were confirmed by the full committee.
New guests must register in the hotel book.
The leader of the new republic is bucking under political pressures.
A new bridge is being built over the river.
The new bridge made it easy for the villagers to go to town.
The new bridge is in process of construction.
The new bridge will be as long as 1.5 km.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
The new bridge was named Rainbow Bridge.
I'm breaking in my new shoes.
Because the new trainee did things sluggishly, he was told that he'd be fired if he didn't start taking his job seriously.
The new contract enables us to demand whatever we want.
Preparations for the new project are under way in both companies simultaneously.
I must acquaint myself with the details of the new plan.
A new moon was coming up.
The framework of the new building is progressively appearing.
Look up the new words in your dictionary.
There was a new candidate on the ticket at the Democratic convention.
A new school building is under construction.
The new school building is the boast of the village.
A new principal is administering the school.
A new idea came to me.
We enjoyed driving along the new expressway.
A new difficulty has arisen.
When will the new magazine come out?
I left a new umbrella in the bus.
The new industry transformed the town into a big city.
The new industry brought about changes in our life.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
I'm sure you like your new job.
Every success in your new job.
He was tense with his new business.
Can you adapt yourself to the new job?
How are you getting along with your new job?
How do you like your new job?
How are you getting along in your new job?
His new job brought him a handsome income.
When looking for a new job, do not forget to read the want ads in the newspaper.
Plans are under way to build a new city hospital.
What is the new leader like?
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.
Please send us more information.
Take great care when you put your hand to a new business.
The new venture was financed by a group of entrepreneurs.
We are looking forward to your visit to our new office.
Please visit us in our new office.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we've got is out of date.
I need a new bicycle.
If you want a new bike, you'd better start saving up.
The new bicycle cost me as much as 50,000 yen.
I've got a new bike.
I want to buy a new bicycle.
A new car came to a standstill in front of the bank.
The new company rule was unfair to older workers.
My new car will arrive here next week.
I had trouble with the new car. It was difficult to steer.
Please let me know your new address.
The new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth.
What is the address of the new bookshop?
I was given a new jacket.
He's wearing a new coat.
It is easy to make friends even in the new places.
I started a new job, and it's been a struggle just to keep my head above the water.
How's your new job?
New truth and knowledge always elevate human life and most usually find practical application.
How fast the new Shinkansen goes!
I have a new relative: my sister got married, so now I have a brother-in-law.
The rock has been blasted to make a new course for the stream.
This was how matters stood at the turn of the century.
Each new generation makes use of the knowledge.
The new government promised to rid the country of corruption.
The new production process achieves a high yield.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
A new tax was imposed on wine.
The new tax system comes into effect next year.
The new tax law is full of loopholes.
New stamps will be issued next month.
A new teacher stood before the class.
What do you think of the new teacher?
The new President is well spoken of.
I am sure you will take an active role in your new position.
He didn't want to disappoint his wife by giving up his new position.
The new subway enables me to get to school in 20 minutes.
A new study suggests that hospital records for patients older than 65 are often incorrect, which may lead to serious treatment errors.
The new railway is not completed yet.
It always takes time to get used to a new place.
A new road is under construction.
New roads were constructed one after another.
The new road will benefit the people living in the hills.
He retires before the new pension scheme is due to come into effect.
The new museum is worth visiting.
Her new hair-do made her look younger.
What's the scoop on your new boyfriend?
The new airplane flies at twice the speed of sound.
I bought a new shaver.
I appeal to you to contribute to the new clinic.
As a new father, I gave my first child plenty of books.
Do not put new wine into old bottles.
Where did you have your new suit made?
How pretty she looks in her new dress!
It wasn't always easy for Edison to invent new things.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
A new law has come into existence.
A new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60%.
The new laws sowed the seeds of revolution.
The new law has done away with the long-standing custom.
The new law will deprive religious minorities of their right to vote.
The new law should take a bite out of organized crime.
Try a new hat on.
Plans for a new trade zone are still on the drawing board.
I am working on my new book.
You must turn in your old license in order to get a new one.
The new fur coats were displayed in the window.
New blankets were distributed to the poor.
There are plenty of fresh eggs on the table.
The new coalition government is trying to ride out the storm.
A new topic came up in conversation.
Newly printed books smell good.
We have a new puppy. He is about 12 weeks old.
The newly elected president is something of a poet.
The resolution that a new road be built was passed.
The new line of dresses is from Paris.
The new section chief seems to spend most of his time finding fault with the work of his men.
The newcomer sat down at the foot of the table.
Another shooting and another friend's gone.
New indirect taxes were imposed on spirits.
A new argument was presented.
New facts have been brought to light.
The heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy.
The newcomers cultivated the immense wilderness.
Don't complicate the problem by raising new issues.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
I've been very busy since the new term started.
The new school year begins in April in Japan.
They have much snow in Niigata.
I wish you would make a list of the newly published books.
If you travel by Shinkansen, it doesn't seem far from Nagoya to Tokyo.
The new plan worked well.
The new season's T.V. programs are as much old hat as ever.
The newly-opened jewelry shop took away some of my best customers.
Our project came off with flying colors.
Setting a new record added luster to his name.
Please come to see us at our new place.
Are you quite satisfied with your new house?
We moved into a new house.
This attitude, the Protestant work ethic, still influences Americans today.
A new model isn't necessarily any better than the older one.
The new model will be priced at $12,000.
The new model will retail for 30,000 yen.
The new model is expected to be put on the market early next year.
Joe's idea for a new kind of car will make him filthy rich.
The new model will be on the market in November.
The new plan was accounted practicable.
The site for the new factory has not been decided.
The new school building is expected to be completed by spring next year.
The new international airport really put Narita on the map.
For their honeymoon they took a voyage around the world.
The honeymoon will be spent abroad.
His new movie earned him an Academy Award.
The new business was eating away his fortune.
The new fact has come to light.
The newcomers will have to compete with each other for a promotion.
The new boss has whipped the company into shape.
The new president can be relied upon, can't he?
I can't afford a new car, so I'll have to make this one do.
The new car underwent its tests successfully.
I'm going to buy a new car.
Can we afford a new car?
Some new kinds of rice can be harvested two or three times a year.
Change trains at Shinjuku.
You have to change trains at Shinjuku.
Will you tell me how to get to Shinjuku?
There are many department stores and supermarkets in Shinjuku.
Where do I have to transfer to get to Shinjuku?
The new boxer outboxed the champion.
With the appearance of a promising new writer, the aging novelist fell from prominence.
The newcomer fell short of our expectation.
A new actor was billed to appear as Hamlet.
It's a whole new ball of wax.
The new system proved a success.
The new government is expected to bring about a good number of administrative reforms.
You will soon accustom yourself to the new life.
I was disappointed with the new product.
Excitement over the new product spread quickly throughout the division.
Many questions came up about the quality of the new product.
The company plans to sell the new product for $1,000.
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.
In asking voters to approve the new tax, the President appealed to reason.
The site for the new school has been bought.
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill.
It is great fun skiing on new-fallen snow.
The sight of fresh lobster gave me an appetite.
I have a craving for fresh fruit.
Fresh fruit is good for you.
Fresh fruit is good for the health.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
I want to eat fresh fish.
I feel like getting some fresh air.
Fresh air is blowing in.
Fresh air and exercise are good for the health.
There is nothing like fresh air.
What with fresh air and proper exercise, he recovered from his illness quickly.
Let's breathe the fresh air.
Please let in some fresh air.
Let in some fresh air.
I opened the window so I might let fresh air in.
Fresh vegetables promote health.
The new Diet member was smoking, leaning back proudly in a chair.
The new minister took over the job on Monday.
The new president wants to build up the army.
This is the season to pick fresh tea.
I doubt the new proposal will be accepted.
From the Tokyo International Airport to Tokyo, you can take a train or an airport shuttle bus.
The New Tokyo International Airport was opened in Narita.
What do you think of the new Cabinet?
You're new, huh?
It will be your job to acquaint the newcomer with the rules of the office.
The new employee glossed over his first mistake.
A new student came into the class.
The new boys soon accustomed themselves to the school.
The new students entered the hall full of hope.
Don't make fun of the new student!
Did you enjoy yourself at the welcoming party for freshmen?
We will have a period of orientation for freshmen.
Acquaint a newcomer with the rules of the club.
You will be interested to know that we have just introduced our new Managing Director, Mr Masaru Ezaki.
The new boss wasn't very social with his employees.
A new teacher's going to take charge of this class.
The new teacher was a disappointment to the class.
What's the new teacher like?
The new teacher is fresh from college.
The new ambassador will push for a cease-fire to stop the killing.
Mr Suzuki, our new teacher, teaches us English.
Happy New Year, Louise!
The New Year was drawing near.
The New Year came in with a light fall of snow.
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking.
How do you spend the New Year?
We had a very good time at a New Year's party.
The new discovery proved useful to science.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
Two whole pages of the newspaper were devoted to the news of the royal divorce.
Let me read the newspaper if you've finished with it.
It is from advertising that a newspaper earns most of its profits.
I clipped some articles out of the newspaper.
What the newspapers say is true.
What the newspaper said about the weather will certainly come true.
What the newspaper said about the weather has certainly come true.
I saw in the paper that he had returned from the South Pole.
Where's the newspaper?
Not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war.
There was nothing interesting in the newspaper.
There is nothing interesting in the newspaper.
There's nothing important in the paper.
Newspapers carry weather reports.
According to the paper, there was a big fire in Boston.
The newspaper said that XYZ oil company went belly-up today.
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
The newspaper said that a typhoon was approaching.
According to the papers, the man has finally confessed.
The newspaper says that he committed suicide.
According to the newspaper, he will be here today.
The papers say that there was a big fire in Nagoya.
According to the papers, there was a big fire in the town.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake last night.
The newspaper reports the prime minister has died of cancer.
According to the newspaper, the boy was knocked unconscious and lay on his back with his eyes closed.
The newspaper says that the typhoon hit Kyushu.
According to the newspaper, the cost of living in Tokyo is the highest in the world.
According to the newspaper, he participated in the plot.
According to the newspapers, he will be here today.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Peru.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Mexico.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
I think I will advertise in the paper.
A criticism of literary works this year is in the paper.
What is reported in the paper is an obvious fact.
Don't go by what the newspapers say.
Reject all its lies and vulgarity.
The function of the press is to provide the common people with facts.
The newspaper reported friction between the two parties.
The newspaper is by your side.
How many papers do you take?
Have you got through with the paper?
Newspapers did not report that news.
Newspapers did not report the news.
The newspaper extracted several passages from the speech.
The newspaper declared for the Republican candidate.
The newspapers gave a lot of space to the affair.
The newspaper reported the death of the statesman.
The newspaper supplies news.
The newspaper said another war broke out in Africa.
Are you through with the paper?
Are you done with the paper?
The newspapers opened fire on the politician.
The newspaper is of great value in the world today.
A newspaper tells us what is happening in the world.
Newspapers influence the current of time.
The newspaper always keeps us informed of the events taking place in the world.
The newspaper reflects public opinion.
The newspaper told of the mother's anguish at the death of her son.
Newspapers distribute information to the public.
May I have the paper after you, please?
Help me bind the papers into bundles.
Pitch the newspaper onto the porch.
I have a newspaper clipping file.
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?
Bring me the newspaper.
Bring me the newspaper, please.
Get me the newspaper.
Can I have the paper when you're finished with it?
He makes it a rule to wear glasses when he reads a newspaper.
Having read the newspaper, I know about the accident.
The man reading a newspaper is his father.
How can you make a living from selling newspapers?
Read the newspaper every day, or you will get behind the times.
You're a reporter.
The newspaperman should get his facts straight.
According to the newspaperman, it makes life worthwhile, doesn't it?
I have come in response to your ad in the paper.
I'd like to talk to you away from the press.
The press are arriving in force.
The newspaper boy delivers papers in any kind of weather.
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.
Act your place.
The new trade accord will pump fresh blood into the international economy.
The new medicine saved his life.
The new medicine saved me from an illness.
The newcomer carried off the first prize.
I built a house within a stone's throw of the forest.
It's a pity that Mr. Mori can't come to see us.
Birds were singing in the woods.
I caught sight of a flock of sheep in the forest.
Before you go hiking in the woods, find out what you should do when you meet a bear.
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.
All was still in the woods.
We saw an old hut standing at the margin of the forest.
The other animals of the forest came to watch the wedding dance, and they, too, danced all night in the moonlight.
The forest fire began to spread in all directions.
There stands a cottage close to the forest.
The silence in the forest is restful.
In the woods they found themselves in danger.
We didn't see many deer in the forest.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
He lost his way in the woods.
In the woods, she met with two strangers.
We hacked a path through the forest.
It's fun to follow the path through the woods.
It became quiet again in the forest.
It's fun to go for a walk in the woods.
The forest was in flames for three days.
The forest was very still.
The woods were clothed in autumn leaves.
The wood is alive with birds.
The woods are my home.
We went through the woods and came to a lake.
There is a path through the wood.
Mr Morikawa's continually complaining about something.
Forest conservation is an important issue all over the world.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
The woodland was parceled into farms.
The deep snow prevented the party from getting to the hut.
I feel deep sympathy for you.
As we dive deeper, the water becomes colder.
I took the job without giving it much thought.
Sit back and rest, and you will feel much better.
Tell me the precise time for their arrival.
It is your shadow in the deep sea.
It's healthy to breathe deeply.
Take a deep breath and then relax.
Were a serious crisis to arise, the government would have to act swiftly.
There is an acute shortage of water.
A serious epidemic has broken out in Beijing.
Excessive drinking is destructive of our health.
Did you see the cowboy film on TV last night?
We are sorry to say that we can not give you that information.
Applications are accepted until tomorrow.
Glue the photograph to your application form.
In order to apply, you have to go in person.
It tastes just right.
Sorry, but we're booked up.
I'm sorry, we have no vacancies.
I'm sorry, the flight is full.
I'm sorry but I can't follow you.
I'm sorry. I'm a stranger around here.
Sorry, the flight is already full.
I'm sorry, but Mr Rooney is tied up at the moment.
I'm afraid we're quite full at the moment.
I'm sorry I don't know for certain.
I'm afraid I can't help you now.
I'm sorry I don't have my watch with me.
I'm sorry I can't put you up tonight.
I'm sorry I've lost my watch.
I'm sorry, you have to pay for the extra weight.
I'm sorry, we don't accept checks.
I'm sorry, I have no idea.
I'm sorry, this painting is not for sale.
I'm sorry, but I have a previous appointment for tomorrow.
I'm sorry we couldn't get you a seat on first class.
I'm sorry but I can't attend the meeting in person.
I'm sorry that I had been viewing you as a liar until just a few minutes ago.
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.
I'm sorry, but I can't find the book you lent me.
I'm sorry, but he is out now.
I don't have anything to declare.
What forms do we need to file?
After she filled out the application, the records clerk told her that the fee was eight dollars.
It is necessary to complete all pages of the application form.
Please fax me the application form.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
It is pitch dark.
The deep red of the setting sun portended fine weather.
Go straight, and you will find the station.
Go straight ahead.
It's really snow white.
True science teaches us to doubt and to abstain from ignorance.
A true scientist would not distort facts.
True happiness consists of desiring little.
True wealth does not consist of what we have, but in what we are.
A true friend would've helped me.
True friendship is priceless.
A true friend would advise you.
The true makers of history are the masses.
Truth is more important than beauty.
I'm not charmed about working in mid summer.
All I want to do during the dog days is stay indoors and keep out of the sun.
Televisions with vacuum tubes are regarded as being behind the times.
Mako cannot have written this letter.
It has often been said that facts are to the scientist what words are to the poet.
It is hard to distinguish truth from a lie.
As long as you won't face the truth, you will cry in vain.
The truth will come out one day.
You should tell the truth.
I thought it my duty to tell you the truth.
I have no hesitation in telling the truth.
It's a point of honor with me to tell the truth.
If you knew the truth, you'd be surprised.
It is truly difficult to know the truth, and still more difficult to speak it.
The time will come when you will know the truth.
I think it important to tell the truth.
The harvest of pearls was small.
Who wants to find pearls, has to dive deep.
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well.
The truth will clear soon.
The truth of the matter is kept absolutely secret.
You may as well know the truth.
You are killing me slowly.
Stop trying to make us follow all these subtle clues. I wish you would say what you want to say more clearly.
At midnight, we reached the village by car.
You should know better than to call at midnight.
He escaped from the prison in the dead hours of the night.
The midnight sun is a fantastic natural phenomenon.
A midnight telephone call gives us both shock and displeasure.
Midnight is when ghosts are thought to walk the earth.
Get back before midnight, or you will be locked out.
Mayumi is a healthy person. She almost never gets sick.
The girl talking with Mayumi is my sister.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
The discovery of truth should remain the single aim of science.
Truth is time's daughter.
Truth needs not many words.
Truth is usually expressed in the present tense.
That a girl, Marie!
Do cheer up, Marie!
Mariko studied not only English but also German.
God bless you!
For no one could perform the miraculous sign you are doing if God were not with him.
There came a man who was sent from God; his name was John.
Whom God loves, his bitch brings forth pigs.
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
God created the world.
I do not believe that God exists.
The earth was made by God.
Nothing but God can save you.
I swear by God that I will speak the truth.
Let's pray to God, and He will answer our prayers.
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
By God, I never knew that.
Her faith in God is unshaken.
Only God knows.
May God bless you.
May God keep you!
He gave the right to become children of God.
He prayed God to bless me.
Do you believe in the existence of God?
Believing in God is not evil in itself.
Some people believe in God and others don't.
In the sight of God, all men are equal.
God created the world in six days.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son.
God is.
God made the universe.
God is our strength.
Though God may forgive, man is not therefore to forget.
"How can you win, Satan?" asked God. "All the famous ballplayers are up here."
God redeemed them from sin.
God has blessed me with riches.
God is in me or else is not at all.
God helps those who help themselves.
God created man in his own image.
God never forgets even a small kindness.
God has ordained that all men shall die.
God is the absolute being.
Do you believe that God exists?
God created the heaven and the earth.
God made the country and man made the town.
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice.
God is the cause of all things.
God, hear my plea.
God, hear me!
Lord, I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing.
God preserve us!
He said, 'May God help us!'
It is important, in any age, to adore God and to respect one's parents.
Putting his trust in God and taking the bull by the horns, the Christian gladiator defeated many adversaries.
Who that believes in God would do such a thing?
Some believe in God, but others do not.
Are you going to remove the nerve?
I have a nervous stomach.
I had the nerve removed from my tooth.
I have to remove your nerve.
A nerve cell responds to a slight stimulus.
A nervous person will not be fit for this job.
Nervous people will scratch their heads.
I'm afraid I have neuralgia.
How long have you been in Kobe?
The devastation in Kobe was as terrible as I had imagined.
Well do I remember the night view of Kobe.
Kobe is a sister city of Seattle.
Kobe is famous for its port.
Kobe is famous as a port city.
Kobe is the city which I like best.
Kobe is the city which I was born in.
Prices are lower in Kobe.
Kobe is famous for its good beef.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806.
The oracle was fulfilled.
Miss Kanda can swim well.
What a fast runner Miss Kanda is!
How fast Miss Kanda runs!
Miss Kanda is a good swimmer.
Miss Kanda is a very fast runner.
Miss Kanda runs very fast.
It pleased God to take away my son.
God may be listening to his wish.
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation.
A gentleman would not do such a thing.
A gentleman would not spit on the street.
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.
A gentleman would not say such a thing.
Any gentleman would not use such language.
Gentlemen first.
A gentleman is always kind to others.
Like a gentleman, he rose and offered her his seat.
I know why there are so many people who love chopping wood.
Love your parents as dearly as your parents love you.
Some children are as bad as they can be while their parents are gone.
You must not buy such an expensive thing because your parents are rich.
Children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money.
Since her parents were busy at work all the time, she spent a lot of her time at her friend's house.
The education by the parents of their children is sometimes very difficult.
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading.
Parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring.
His parents should be firm with him.
Parents love their children however naughty they are.
Parents love their children.
Have you ever argued with your parents?
Happy is she who marries the son of a dead mother.
You should be respectful to your parents.
The sins of the fathers are visited upon the children.
The son is known by his father.
I can almost see my parent's happy face in my mind's eye.
In the parent's mind, a child grows but does not age.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
I cannot be too grateful for my parents' kindness.
Many parents are worried their children are not being given a basic understanding of numbers.
Children whose parents are dead are referred to as "orphans".
The crow thinks her own birds fairest.
Our child seems to be brilliant. Of course, we may be prejudiced.
My parents wouldn't allow me to go by myself.
Parents are always worried about the future of their children.
There is no satisfactory answer a parent can give to this.
Nature is a good mother.
Parents are proud of their children when they do well in school.
Parents often make sacrifices to give a good education to their children.
Parents hope their children will become independent as soon as possible.
Parents punish their children for misbehavior.
Parents provide protection for their children.
Parents have various influences on their children.
Are parents rational about their children?
Parents must provide their children with proper food and clothing.
Parents try not to think about it, hoping that if they blot the children out, the fateful call or cable will never come.
Parents are responsible for their children's education.
Parents must look after the well-being of the their children.
Parents must answer for their children's conduct.
Parents should deal fairly with their children.
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children's health.
The mother sponged her sick child's face.
Find things out for yourself instead of having a parent or a teacher tell you.
You should not depend on your parents.
By the time you wish to be a good son, your parents are long gone.
It must be nice having such a loyal son. You don't have to wonder if you'll be taken care of in your old age.
Trade knows neither friends or kindred.
The father and son met after a long separation.
I had my thumbnail torn off.
Thank you for your kind hospitality.
I appreciate your kind letter.
Thank you for your kind letter.
Being kind, he is loved by everyone.
We appreciate your kind advice.
Some people were kind and others were unkind.
I am much obliged to you for your kind help.
He was kind enough to help me.
He did me a kindness when he got me a job.
Kindness is a virtue.
Kindness is the essence of politeness.
His relatives were convinced of his innocence.
My wisdom teeth are coming in.
I'm getting my wisdom tooth.
Father looked me full in the face.
Even good friends should make an effort to keep up their friendship.
I can talk about anything with my best friend.
Making friends with people doesn't have anything to do with how long you know them.
Make a few good friends and stick to them.
His relatives began to keep away from him.
I'd like to see the doctor.
I'll give you a check-up.
Keep the dog still while I examine him.
I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor.
That's it for your medical exam.
An afternoon appointment is more convenient for me.
A morning appointment is better for me.
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.
From what time to what time is your office open?
You can get up from the examination table now.
Lie on your stomach on the examination table.
Lie on your back on the examination table.
Can I use my credit card?
Can I use my travelers' checks to pay the fee?
You must leave diagnosis to your doctor.
Can I make an appointment to have a medical examination?
Judging from her appearance, I think that she's rich.
Don't despise a man just because he is poorly dressed.
She is regardless of her appearance.
Clothes make the man.
The honor you are giving me is more than I deserve.
Cut one's coat according to one's cloth.
It is freezing cold.
I hope to earn a respectable income by the time I settle down.
Risk all and gain all.
You don't have to play outside in the biting wind.
It's bitter cold.
Gesture is another way of communication.
Gestural language had, however, serious limitations, since it could not be used in the dark or at distance.
Just as the body needs exercise, so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy.
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
The body must be developed along with the mind.
One must take good care of oneself.
I really enjoy helping disabled people.
Rank boys according to their height.
Remember your station in life.
Do you have any ID?
Any student with an I.D. card has access to the library.
May I see two pieces of identification?
Some people love hot curry, but it's not Jeff's cup of tea.
You shouldn't eat anything spicy.
I want something dry.
It's patience that counts.
You must persevere before you can succeed.
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.
One who is not willing to learn is not worth teaching.
Willingness to take responsibility is a sign of maturity.
You will learn your lessons only in so far as you are willing to keep studying them.
Progress is a comfortable disease.
The theory of evolution is beyond the reach of my imagination.
Progress is monitored daily and stored in a database.
Never get off the train while it is going.
Shinko's brother is eight.
Shinko disputed with him about it.
Shinko is kindness itself.
Shinko is full of fight.
I am in a tight place.
I asked my teacher for advice on my future course.
I pricked my thumb with a needle.
Don't you have a needle and some thread?
I don't like sewing because I can't thread the needle.
You might hear a pin drop.
The hand on its axis turns at 10 revolutions per hour.
Wires transmit electricity.
Wires are used to convey electricity.
A shiver ran down my spine.
I'll stand by you no matter what others may say.
I don't think I would ever shop until I had to go into debt because of it.
Americans are all ears when people say something.
I do not mind what people say.
I don't care what people say.
The most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself.
You should not respect a man because he is rich.
At one time it was thought impracticable for man to fly.
I don't care a damn what people think of me.
You often hear people compare life to voyage, don't you?
The more, the merrier.
You should not despise a man because he is poor.
Don't interrupt people when they're talking.
Don't cut in while others are talking.
You should hold your tongue while someone else is talking.
Do not interrupt when another is speaking.
Don't think it has nothing to do with you.
That's only because you don't have to do it.
It is impolite to elbow one's way through the crowd.
Not a soul was to be seen.
People and robots can cooperate with each other in making life easier.
Be punctual for appointments, otherwise you'll lose face.
When meeting a person for the first time, keep the conversation light.
I can't talk with people.
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.
Could you bear anyone to treat you like that?
For he knew what was in a man.
It is polite to open doors for people.
People have worldly passions which lead them into delusions and sufferings.
People differ in habits.
Each person has various reasons for going on a trip abroad.
Each man has his own field of work.
Speak kindly to others.
We have two ears.
Every man has his weak side.
He that cannot ask cannot live.
Blessed are those who give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Opinions vary from person to person.
Some people gain weight when they stop smoking.
Every man in his way.
I'm not good at meeting people.
To persuade somebody that your recommendation is reasonable and wise, you have to give reasons and quote known examples and authorities.
When meeting a person for the first time, be sure to pay attention to the distance placed between yourself and your partner.
Practice what you preach.
Don't let anyone take advantage of you.
My husband got the hots for a Canadian and is threatening me with divorce.
No one feels displeased when he is praised.
You must not cast a spell upon someone inside the school.
Don't find fault with others.
Don't speak ill of others while they are away.
Why don't you mind your own business? What do you gain by sticking your nose into other people's affairs?
Don't interfere in other people's affairs.
You better mind your own business.
It isn't polite to stare at people.
Now that people can steal passwords, illegal impersonation is becoming a serious problem.
Learn wisdom from the faults of others.
Don't speak ill of others.
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.
It is not right to criticize people behind their backs.
You can't trust rumors.
It will be a nine-day's wonder.
A wonder lasts but nine days.
A man's worth has nothing to do with his appearance.
A man's worth does not lie in what he has, but in what he is.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than in what he has.
A man's worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
A man's worth should be judged by his character rather than by his social position.
You must try to avoid hurting people's feelings.
Don't say such things that hurt others' feelings.
A person's face tells a great deal about his character.
Every man has his humor.
We cannot control the tongues of others.
We cannot control other people's tongues.
Don't depend on others' kindness.
I wouldn't like to cash in on other people's misfortunes.
A man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has, but on what he is.
A man's happiness depends on what he is rather than on what he has.
One's view is determined by his education, sex, class and age.
A person's soul is immortal.
It is easy to find fault with the work of others.
So the Son of Man must be lifted up.
As a man lives, so shall he die.
Don't meddle in other people's affairs.
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.
One's success in life has little to do with one's inborn gift.
Everybody loves a winner.
Don't follow anybody blindly.
Do not always ride on someone's coat-tail.
So many men, so many minds.
A man's heart is about as large as his fist.
By other's faults wise men correct their own.
Recognize and respect the personality of a person.
The life of a person is a transient thing.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him a week.
One's lifestyle is largely determined by money.
Men get their growth before they are thirty.
A man's worth lies in what he is, not in what he has.
The burden is light on the shoulder.
Man's skin is very sensitive to temperature changes.
The apples on the other side of the wall are the sweetest.
I don't understand how in the world they can take your stuff for safekeeping, but then the post office guy has the nerve to tell you "Sorry, we lost it" and expect that to be the end of it.
It is his constant boast that he has a good memory for names.
They are talking loudly when they know they are disturbing others.
There is no more dangerous experiment than that of undertaking to be one thing before a man's face and another behind his back.
Stop sticking your nose into other people's business.
All you ever do is nitpick. I wish you could say something more constructive.
It's good to put yourself in someone else's place now and then.
You should not expect the help of others.
It is rude to interrupt others.
Don't throw a wet blanket over our conversation.
A man should not be judged by his station in life.
People are apt to make excuses.
People usually become famous at the cost of their privacy.
One should always do one's best.
One is often judged by the company one keeps.
We know that all men are mortal.
All shall die.
Men can only be corrected by showing them what they are.
One should love one's own mother.
Although each person follows a different path, our destinations are the same.
Each person has a duty to do.
Be a man ever so rich, he mustn't be idle.
I think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret.
Every man is master in his own house.
Every cock crows on his own dunghill.
We are all liable to make mistakes.
People carried their own weight then.
People used to associate demonstrations with students.
People often don't notice their own faults.
One is apt to think oneself faultless. State the facts as they are.
No matter how rich people are, they always want more.
No matter how rich a man may be, he ought not to be idle.
No matter how old one may be, one can learn.
One will be judged by one's appearance first of all.
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."
No one can live by and for himself.
One must do one's best.
When we are praised, we gain confidence.
One is judged by one's speech first of all.
One can't learn to do anything without making mistakes.
Different people have different ideas.
All men are fallible.
Everyone has a right to live.
Men will not look at things as they really are, but as they wish them to be.
Men differ from brutes in that they can think and speak.
People often take me for my brother.
Man is a conscious being.
People as a whole don't do things like that.
One can't quarrel with destiny.
People can't live forever.
People are given a lot of pleasure by music.
Man is above all things the talking animal.
One must do one's best in everything.
One should not lament over past mistakes too long.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
Everybody wants to be happy.
Every man cannot be happy.
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny.
All men must die.
You shouldn't judge a person by his looks.
People are protesting against nuclear weapons.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
One must observe the rules.
One should do one's duty.
We are born crying, spend our lives complaining, and die disappointed.
We learn by teaching.
One tends to shout when excited.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
Accordingly as people become rich, they are apt to be stingy.
Men can not exist without air.
People learn from experience.
One should take care of oneself.
A man cannot be judged by his appearance.
Men are not always what they seem to be.
We express our thoughts by means of words.
People love to inspect each other's houses.
It may be said that a man is known by the company he keeps.
Man fears disasters such as floods and fires.
One should do one's best.
Man lives in communities such as cities and countries.
Man is mortal.
The more we have, the more we want.
The more people have, the more they want.
People are sometimes tempted to eat more than they should.
You don't know when you're alive.
One ought to be true to oneself.
One must do one's duty.
One should do one's duties.
One learns from one's own mistakes.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
We must be careful of our health.
One should keep one's promise.
One must love one's neighbor.
Man is a social animal.
It's necessary for us to sleep well.
One must always keep one's promise.
A man must be honest.
Man eats to live, he does not live to eat.
From the moment of his birth, man cannot get along without depending on others.
Is it valid to say that all men are created equal?
Are people born intelligent or stupid, or is intelligence the result of how you live?
As soon as man is born he begins to die.
As soon as man is born, he begins to die.
People once held that the world was flat.
A man is more or less what he looks like.
It is generally accepted that a person cannot be successful in life without a lot of hard work.
One should wash oneself.
Every man has his own strong points.
No man can live by and for himself.
All men have some natural talent, but the question is whether they can use it or not.
Not everybody wants to be an artist.
Not everybody can be an artist.
Every sane man is accountable to his conscience for his behavior.
Everyone should periodically receive a physical examination.
All are equal.
A person is either male or female.
The more a man knows, the more he discovers his ignorance.
A man can receive only what is given to him from heaven.
One should be considerate about things and considerate of people.
A man must work.
One cannot do lots of things at the same time.
One can't do lots of things at the same time.
No man can serve two masters.
A man will succeed to the same extent as he perseveres.
The older one grows, the weaker one's memory becomes.
As one grows older, one becomes more silent.
The older we grow, the more forgetful we become.
One is more prone to make mistakes when one is tired.
A man is not always what he seems.
Man modifies to his needs what nature produces.
People can turn to the law if they want to correct an injustice.
You will be known by the company you keep.
People usually go after fame.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man likes bright sunshine.
One must keep one's promises.
One shouldn't betray one's friends.
A man is known by his friends.
You can know a man by his friends.
Men are subject to temptation.
People react to the frustration in much the same way.
A time will soon come when people can enjoy space travel.
People thought him to be a great scholar.
The people have made their preparations for the trip.
It is not good to laugh at others.
Don't make fun of other people.
Are you kidding?
It's impolite to stare at people.
Let's refrain from stabbing people with knives.
Mary scared Tom out of his wits.
You should not judge people by their appearance.
Don't judge a man by what he has.
We'd better send for help.
When we deal with people, it would be wise to try to separate the sheep from the goats without letting them know it.
You should not judge a person by his appearance alone.
Don't judge people by their appearance.
Distrust of people, not to mention hate, is the root of human suffering.
Never trust a stranger.
You shouldn't judge a person by his appearance.
You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.
Could you page someone for me?
We sometimes judge others based on their actions.
Don't point at others.
It's rude to point at anyone.
It is rude to point at people.
It is bad manners to point at people.
It is not right to put a man to death for punishment.
He who helps others, in turn shall be helped by them.
It is rude to laugh at others.
It is wrong of you to discriminate against people because of their race.
You should not keep people waiting.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him for a week.
The secret of influencing people lies not so much in being a good talker as in being a good listener.
Don't make a fool of me.
Don't judge a man by his clothes.
Visiting people is nicer than being visited.
You have to blast your way out.
What one is is more important than what one has.
Men, dogs, fish, and birds are all animals.
It's possible, though rare, for humans to catch diseases from animals.
The time may come when people will have used up all the oil.
The day will soon come when man can travel to Mars.
It is no longer a dream for man to live on the moon.
Just when the first human beings will reach Mars remains to be seen.
Only human beings are capable of speech.
Human beings alone take a very long time to bring up their little ones.
Man alone has the ability to reason.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
This is where human beings and animals greatly differ.
It is language that distinguishes man from beasts.
Human nature revolts against such a crime.
Man is a more dangerous foe to man than the elements of nature or animals in the wild.
Water is as precious as air to man.
Man has reason, animals do not.
Man has the ability to talk.
A man's worth depends on what he is, and not what he has.
A man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is.
A man's worth lies in what he is.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than what he has.
Hope springs eternal in the human breast.
The human soul longs for something noble.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed.
Those books which have made a lasting contribution to man's quest for truth, we call great books.
The true value of a man does not lie in what he has.
The true value of a man lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
Human parents teach some words by giving babies what they ask for.
Man's body is a sort of machine.
There is no limit to human progress.
The human brain can adapt to new situations.
Men's wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income.
In humans, the eyes act together with the brains.
The savage in man is never quite eradicated.
The more we have, the greater our desire will be.
Nature is beyond mortal control.
Man's soul is immortal.
Human history is in essence a history of ideas.
Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think.
Man prides himself on the increase in his knowledge.
Man has the gift of speech which no animal has.
Man is none the happier for his wealth.
Men first visited the moon in 1969.
Man has two feet.
Man has been writing for about 6000 years.
Man is 70% water.
Man may well, in his attempt to be too ambitious, destroy himself.
Man will die sooner or later.
Human beings usually have two basic desires: to get away from pain and to arrive at pleasure.
Human beings are not always wiser than animals.
When did man start to use tools?
Human beings are emotional creatures, so to speak.
One lives but once in the world.
They have climbed the highest mountains and walked on the floor of the seas.
People can talk but animals cannot.
People love to talk - talk - talk.
It matters not how long we live, but how.
All human beings are much more intelligent than animals.
Man is but a reed, the weakest in nature, but he is a thinking reed.
People build houses, dams, bridges, ships and so on.
Man is the only animal that can use fire.
Man differs from animals in that he can use fire.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
Man is the only animal that uses fire.
Humans can't live on Mars.
All human beings have the same kind of body.
Man is a creature of emotion.
Man is not the creature, so much as he is the creator, of circumstances.
Man learned to adjust to, and in some ways to shape, his environment.
Man is a creature of circumstances.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
I believe men are basically good.
Man lives in a community, and has to conform to a social pattern.
A madman is not accountable for his actions.
Man has the gift of speech.
Man is the only animal that possesses language.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Man, being of flesh, is subject to diseases of the mind and after death, to worms.
Human beings communicate with each other by means of language.
Human beings are different from animals in that they can think and speak.
Men differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak.
Man differs from animals in that he can think and speak.
Man is a thinking reed.
Man is unable to escape death.
People devised shelters in order to protect themselves.
Man is part of nature.
Human beings are powerless before nature.
Human beings seem to find it difficult to give up their old habits.
Man is indeed at the mercy of nature.
Men form a society.
Man is a creature of habit.
Man is the only animal that can laugh.
Human beings can live up to 40 days without food, but no more than 7 without water.
We cannot exist without food.
Man consists of soul and body.
Man is not as almighty as God.
People are living in all parts of the world.
Man is a social animal by nature.
Man is born a sinner.
It crawls on all fours as a baby, then learns to walk on two legs, and finally needs a cane in old age.
All men are equal.
Man learned early to use tools.
No one can avert death.
Human beings evolved their intelligence.
Since their first appearance on earth, men have gathered information and have attempted to pass useful ideas to other men.
A man cannot be made in a mold.
Does mankind have dominion over animals and birds?
People have many things to communicate and many ways to do so.
Human beings have achieved a lot more than animals.
Man is bound to die.
Man is a complex organism.
Human beings are created to create things.
Man is the lord of all creation.
Human beings are gifted with infinite potential.
Man is a rational being.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh.
Man is the only animal that talks.
Man is the only animal that can talk.
Man is different from animals in that he has the faculty of speech.
Man has the ability to speak.
Man, too, has been given protective devices against extreme temperatures.
Human beings communicate in many ways.
Human and animal life are influenced by their reactions to the atmospheric environment.
Man, know thyself. All wisdom centers there.
Hunger is perhaps the strongest of all human drives.
Comfort can spoil you. Once in a while, it can do you good to corner yourself.
Money doesn't always count for much in human relationships.
The misanthrope enjoys his solitude.
Hope, not fear, is the creative principle in human affairs.
Angels watch from above as men fight amongst themselves.
Is it popular?
He is deservedly popular.
Popular or not, it is right.
The popularity turned her head.
Some of the dolls are too expensive to buy.
Human rights groups are putting pressure on authoritarian governments.
The increase of the population is a serious problem.
It was the increase in population that caused the poverty.
Population growth has given rise to serious social problems.
There was a steady increase in population.
The population has doubled in the last five years.
The population is increasing.
The population remains stationary.
The population explosion is a serious problem.
I'm bottle-feeding my baby.
The artificial satellite was launched into the orbit.
The ESA put a satellite into orbit.
The launching of artificial earth satellites is commonly looked upon as an exploration of space.
He refuses formula.
I met him in the crowd.
I could not make my way at all because of the crowd.
A woman picked my pocket in the crowd.
Stick with me until we get out of the crowd.
The man who was arrested for murder asked to plead the fifth.
They sell carrots at the grocery store.
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.
Carrots are good for the eyesight.
Man proposes, God disposes.
He tried to brave it out while held as a hostage.
The fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation.
The hostages will be released before Christmas.
The hostages will be released.
All the hostages were released unharmed.
Many hands make light work.
The significant point as regards the segregation problem is to clarify the value system of each group.
He says racial reconciliation and nation building will be the aims of his government.
Garvey speaks up for racial pride.
There is no denying the fact that no one is free from racial prejudice.
Racial problems are often the cause of social unrest.
A shout arose from the people.
People started to run all at once.
How awful to reflect that what people say of us is true!
The people gathered about us.
People are saying that the crisis is over.
We often hear people say that time flies.
There were some people sitting about on the grass.
There were no laws for people to abide by.
The crowd rushed to the exit.
There is no doubt that people prefer peace to war.
People are playing near the beach.
When people came out of the factory in the evening, their faces looked white and ill.
The people rebelled against the king.
Be active in doing good for people.
To serve people is his sole object in life.
A group of people started off in snow boots.
The birds are flying near the people.
I will illustrate the way people use language.
People were filled with fright.
The character of men depends more on their occupations than on any teaching we can give them.
Some people are apt to think of their own way of life as the normal one and to look down on life-styles that differ from it.
They insisted on the criminal being punished.
People buy these tickets many months before the tournament starts.
People came from the farthest country.
And people were constantly coming to be baptized.
People will complain of heavy taxes.
The men cried for help.
People were choked with the gas.
People have more leisure than they have ever had.
People once believed the world was flat.
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
They wanted to give Koko a new pet.
They have practiced this custom for many years.
People believe this report true.
People often said this to my mother.
People are bustling about.
People thronged the theater to see the star.
People rained words of praise on the hero.
People came to see the strange animal in the zoo one after another.
People took pity on the orphan.
They blamed the driver for the accident.
People laughed at the boy.
People came to the concert hall to listen to the famous orchestra.
The people got excited at the news.
They are substituting word processors for typewriters.
People waited for buses.
The people stood up so as to see the parade better.
People massed along the streets to watch the parade.
There is a tendency for people to think that hang gliding is dangerous.
People were even encouraged to play football.
People came to drink orange juice more and more.
Everybody praised his heroism.
All the people were moved by his speech.
Everyone seemed to be very busy and everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
People were moving faster and faster.
People needed a more practical system of exchange, so various money systems developed.
People often complain about the weather.
The people were rescued all but one.
People used to laugh at him behind his back.
They waved flags to welcome the princess.
The people came out of their houses to listen to his music.
All the people are in favor of your idea.
All the people laughed at the story.
The people gathered around a round table.
The people cried for help.
People take electricity for granted until its supply is cut off.
People tend to require strong stimuli.
People established churches and schools there.
People are apt to take it for granted that the professor can speak English.
The crowd made for the nearest door.
People see things differently according as they are rich or poor.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
People must love one another.
But man loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil.
People walked about in the wide garden.
People were anxious for news of missing relatives.
People will gradually lose sight of the original purpose.
People hear without listening.
One receives unforgettable impressions of scenery and local life.
People need to express themselves; they cannot do so unless society allows them liberty to do so.
People swim at that beach at their own risk.
People love freedom.
People seemed to be anxious about the future.
The people laughed till she said, "Burn!"
People ran out of the castle.
People will always resist tyranny.
The people could repel the invasion.
People are crying out against the new tax.
People in general have faith in everything newspapers say.
People used to think that only humans could use language.
People are concerned about racial problems.
People greatly differ in their views of life.
People are suffering from the contamination of the water supply.
People were deprived of their political rights.
The people were ferried across the river.
People have a fear of wars.
People lived in villages.
People tend to look at others with bias.
The people were in a line to get the signature of the president.
People came from far and wide to hear the President's speech.
People no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long.
People were removing the snow on the street.
People often have no sympathy for geniuses.
People seek escape from the heat of the town.
People were weeping at the news of his death.
People regretted his sudden death deeply.
The people praised him for his courage.
He was listened to with enthusiasm.
The people exulted over their good luck.
They elected him President of the USA.
People call him Dave.
People hailed him as king.
People laughed at him.
People believed her to be dead.
People came to like her paintings.
People are not always what they seem.
People were ground down by poverty.
People struggled against poverty.
People suffered heavy losses in the eruptions.
People were eager for peace.
People talk without having anything to say.
It is worthwhile considering what it is that makes people happy.
He persecuted people for their religion.
Trust people, but don't take candy from strangers.
The priest tried to improve the people's morals.
How many people are in your party?
I'm counting the number of people.
This is the life.
Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you'll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
Life is not all fun.
I get a kick out of life.
To some life is pleasure, to others suffering.
That life is mysterious, I admit.
Not everything is pleasant in life.
The best time of life is when you are young.
May this day be the happiest day in your life.
The best time of life is when we are young.
Success in life lies in diligence and vigilance.
There is no returning on the road of life.
Man's but a bubble.
That's the way the cookie crumbles.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
Life is indeed a good thing.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Life is very short.
Some people place a lot more emphasis on the importance of money in life.
Luck plays an important part in your life.
What is most important in life differs from person to person.
Nothing is more important in life than health.
It is everyone's wish to succeed in life.
Success in life is not necessarily the same thing as the acquirement of riches.
Success in life calls for constant efforts.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The difficulty in life is the choice.
You have to endure a lot of hardships in life.
Nothing is pleasant in life.
There are many mysteries in life.
Life is full of ups and downs.
There is more in life than meets the eye.
The unexpected often happens in life.
If you would succeed in life, you must work hard.
Each stage of life is a preparation for the next as well as a complete life in itself.
Don't look only on the dark side of life.
We cannot expect to have halcyon days until we get safely through the crucial period in life.
Happiness and success in life do not depend on our circumstances, but on our efforts.
The most precious element in life is wonder.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
The secret of success in life is known only to those who have not succeeded.
I feel the uncertainty of life.
Making money is not the only goal in life.
Life is but an empty dream.
Life is, at best, a sea of troubles.
We should try to be philosophical about life; wealth gained could also vanish.
He thinks that life is like a voyage in a sense.
Life is more interesting than any book.
Life being very short, you ought not to waste your time.
Life is often compared to a voyage.
Life has often been compared to climbing a mountain.
Life is often compared to a journey.
Life is at best very short.
How strange life is!
People say that life is short.
They often say that life is short.
Life is not all beer and skittles.
Life is full of chances.
Life is sweet.
Life is not all fun and games.
Life is not an empty dream.
Life is by no means a series of failures.
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.
Life lies a slow suicide.
One's life is like going far with a burden on one's back.
All life is a series of activities.
Life being very short, we ought not to waste time.
Life is short and time is swift.
Life is a long and winding road.
Life is so important for him.
Life is full of adventure.
Do you think that life is but a dream?
Life is like a journey.
A man's life is but three score years and ten.
You must learn to see life as it is.
You had better not take such a hopeless view of life.
How I wish I could live my life again.
We must accept life, for good or for evil.
Some people compare life to a story.
Don't see life in terms of money.
When I look back on my life, I realize how much time I wasted.
What makes life dreary is the want of motivation.
The more we know about life, the better we can understand what we read.
Some people compare life to a stage.
Don't be so glum about it. Life has its ups and downs.
Don't do such a shameful thing in public.
Don't hang all over her like that in public.
You must speak clearly in company.
Behave yourself in company.
You should be more discreet in expressing yourself in public.
I don't like to sing in public.
Don't insult me in company.
He made fun of me in public.
Don't make a scene in public.
Don't speak ill of him in public.
It is mean of you to ridicule him in public.
Don't be shy about speaking in front of people.
Don't be afraid of speaking in public.
He tends to shy away from anything that involves public speaking.
I've got accustomed to speaking in public.
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.
The human body has a mysterious power to keep itself healthy and sound.
The human body is composed of billions of small cells.
A human body consists of a countless number of cells.
His true character is starting to show through.
What you are is more important than what you have.
We believe in government by and for the people.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
But for the support of the public, the President could not have survived the revolt.
The people saved their country from the enemies.
If you want to do eye-grabbing work you have to put out something punchy at the outset. Say what you mean directly.
Seldom have human beings experienced such a disaster.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
The time when mankind is free from hunger is yet to come.
It will not be long before man can travel to the moon.
Only man knows how to use fire.
I'll do anything in the interests of humanity.
I will labor in the cause of humanity.
What is man's ultimate destiny?
Half the species are woman.
Man reached the moon at last.
Human beings succeeded in flying into space.
Man hopes to master nature with science and technology.
Man should make peaceful use of technologies.
Mankind will succeed in making peaceful use of atomic energy.
Human beings are the higher mammals.
Humanity has suffered more from war in this century than ever before.
Man seems to need drama as much as he needs religion.
Man has got over many difficulties.
People have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history.
The human race is dominant on earth.
Man would perish.
Man is insatiably curious.
I've got a keen-edged knife.
Many a mickle makes a muckle.
After they questioned him, the police returned the suspect to the house.
He kept silent all the time during the interrogation.
I have kidney trouble.
Prompt action prevents trouble in the future.
I have labor pains every thirty minutes.
My labor has started.
My contractions last about forty-five seconds.
Vinegar has a sharp taste.
The graph in Figure 1 illustrates the differences in the means of total scores for white and black subject in each grade.
Let me explain it with a diagram.
I ran across your mother in the library.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
You ought to be quiet in a library.
Don't make a noise in the library.
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn't appear.
I'll join you in the library.
How about studying together in the library?
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
There is no one reading in the library.
Do you ever study in the library?
There are a lot of students in the library.
We have a lot of children's books in the library.
There are a lot of books in the library.
They were alone in the library.
Will you tell me the way to the library?
They furnished the library with new books.
She took the book back to the library.
There was a crowd of students waiting in front of the library.
We must not speak in the library.
You must not tear pages out of library books.
You should avail yourself of the books in the library.
The air-conditioning in the library is too strong.
The library is on the second floor.
The library was founded in memory of the scholar.
Where is the library?
Excuse me, can you tell me the way to the library?
The library is open from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
The library is in the middle of the city.
It is a five-minute walk to the library.
I got lost trying to find the library.
Don't talk in the reading room.
The library is on the 4th floor.
That's it.
A glance at Chart 2 will reveal that some of these trade cycles are very short-lived.
A rash broke out on her neck.
The icy wind cut us to the bones.
The snowstorm held on.
The snowstorm blotted out the view.
The traffic was paralyzed by the snowstorm.
The train arrived late because of the snowstorm.
The snowstorm raged for a full week.
A brass band is marching along the street.
Unless I miss my guess, he is forty.
According to an estimate, steel production will reach 100 million tons this year.
I have been absorbed in reading a mystery.
I have not the least interest in detective stories.
Mystery novels are loved by a lot of people.
It's a special holiday for people who like detective stories.
The water is clear to the bottom.
With the water so cold, we decided not to swim.
Camping is impossible where there is no water.
Were it not for water, nothing could live.
But for water, no living thing could survive.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
Without water, we would soon die.
But for water, no man could live.
If it were not for water, no living things could live.
I can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
Without water, nothing could live.
I'd like some water.
I want to drink some water.
Water poured from the broken pipe.
Water spouted from the broken faucet.
The water came up to my waist.
There is no water.
The water shortage is due to the weather.
What do you call it when water freezes?
The shortage of water means that plants cannot thrive.
A water shortage causes inconvenience.
If it were not for water, we couldn't live.
I want some water.
Reflections could be seen in the puddles.
I stepped in a puddle and now my shoes are completely soaked going squish squish squish.
Water is strange stuff.
If it were not for water and salt, we could not live.
Water is to fish what air is to man.
We cannot do without air and water.
Water, forests, and minerals are important natural resources.
Water and oil are both liquids.
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms.
Oil and water don't blend.
You can't mix oil with water.
We cannot do without water.
We cannot exist without water.
Living without water is out of the question.
It is impossible to live without water.
I would like some more water.
I'd like some more water.
The chemical formula for water is H-O-H.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
The chemical formula for water is HO.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.
I can see some small fish swimming about in the water.
Standing pools gather filth.
The water whirled around the rocks.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water boils at 100 degrees.
The water rose to a level of 10 meters.
There is not a drop of water left.
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
There is quite a bit of water remaining.
The water is deepest here.
Water can not be had for nothing here.
The water will soon drain away.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
Water is so important that we can hardly do without it even for a day.
Water is a natural resource of vital importance.
There is little water left.
Water is a liquid.
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
When water is heated, it turns into gas.
Water was supplied from outside.
Water is as precious as air.
Water transmits sound better than air.
The water came up to the bridge girder in a second.
Water reflects light.
Water can be decomposed into oxygen and hydrogen.
The water came up to my knees.
Water is indispensable to us.
Water will boil if heated enough.
We have water enough.
There is a little water left.
Water changes into steam.
Water is indispensable to plants.
Water is important for humans.
Water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen.
Water tries to find its own level.
Water is essential to life.
Water is indispensable to life.
Water boils at a temperature of 100 degrees centigrade.
Water makes up most of the earth's surface.
Water finds its level.
The water ran over the banks.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
Water changes into vapor when it is heated.
Water expands with heat.
The water came up to his waist.
The water turned to ice.
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.
Water is heavier than oil.
The water is nice and cool.
The blisters have formed scabs.
Water and air are both fluids.
Sometimes water becomes a precious commodity.
She is a graceful beauty.
A glass of water will make you feel better.
Shall I bring you a glass of water?
I'd like a glass of water, please.
I'd like a glass of water.
Shall I get you some water?
Some water, please.
We have to buy water from Malaysia.
That rose will revive if you water it.
After taking a drink of water, the Prime Minister said, "Ask away!"
A glass of water, please.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
Add water and stir to a paste.
We've run out of water.
Don't leave the water running.
Bring me some water, and be quick about it.
Please use the water with economy.
You don't have to buy water, do you?
Nothing is to be seen but water.
Nothing was to be seen but water.
I like summer best because I can swim.
You may go swimming or fishing.
Swimming is one thing I enjoy.
Swimming will be the main event of the next Olympics.
I belong to a swimming club.
I'm equal to my brother in swimming.
I am going to establish a new world record for swimming.
I like swimming and playing basketball.
Where swimming is concerned, he is second to none.
I'd rather play football than go swimming.
After swimming, a glass of orange juice really fills the bill.
Swimming is good exercise for the whole body.
Swimming is good exercise.
Swimming develops our muscles.
Swimming is good for your health.
Swimming is my hobby.
Swimming makes your legs strong.
Swimming will develop many different muscles.
Swimming is a very useful skill.
Did you have a good time swimming and surfing?
The swimming event was called off.
I got a cramp in my leg while swimming.
The flood victims were housed in several schools.
Let's stop this fruitless argument.
I'd like whiskey and water.
Another Scotch and water, please.
A buffalo is akin to an ox.
Buffaloes have big horns.
The city of Mito was crowded with blossom viewers.
The handle of the pitcher was broken.
Every miller draws water to his own mill.
Clear water breeds no fish.
A pilot guides the ship toward the port.
Hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.
The atomic number for hydrogen is 1.
Hydrogen does not exist as such in nature.
The water tank teems with mosquito larvae.
The stock got creamed when they got wind of the dilution.
Can you show me the way to the aquarium?
It's a good idea to bring something to slip on over your bathing suit.
The ice in the water melted.
Can you swim underwater?
Can you see fish swimming in the water?
I have athlete's foot and it's very itchy.
I have bad athlete's foot.
Athlete's foot is my brother's problem.
My athlete's foot hurts.
There is little water left in the canteen.
We couldn't use the faucet because it was out of order.
The water is running with great force.
The water supply was turned off.
The water of the water supply is dangerous.
The water pipes froze and then burst.
The water pipe burst.
You'd better not drink the tap water.
Fill the jars with water.
The flowers withered for want of water.
We couldn't take a bath for want of water.
We've had a poor crop due to lack of water.
During the water shortage, the value of water really came home to me.
Water shortage is caused by the loss of forests.
A water shortage causes a lot of inconvenience.
The sailors perished in the sea.
The sailors saw land.
A sailor saw his fellow sailor sink from exhaustion.
The sailors sang merry songs.
Water evaporates when it is heated.
You should drink a lot of liquid.
You should not drink a lot of liquid.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
I see some fishing boats on the horizon.
Do you see a ship on the horizon?
Can you see a sail on the horizon?
A fowl flying up from water is careful not to make it turbid.
What you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg.
School begins at half past eight except on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?
We have to submit an essay by Wednesday.
Turn on the rice cooker, please.
You'd better fight off sleep.
Sleep and good food are indispensable to good health.
Sleep is no less necessary to health than food.
Sleep is essential to health.
Sleep is necessary to good health.
Do you get enough sleep?
Sleep is better than medicine.
There is nothing like sleep.
We can no more live without sleep than without food.
You have to get enough sleep.
I wish I had enough time to sleep.
Lack of sleep was undermining her health.
Your lack of sleep will catch up with you someday.
Intoxication is what happens when the brain is affected by certain stimulants.
I went for a walk to try to sober up.
He's just a fraud who pretends to be a doctor.
Granting that he was drunk, his conduct cannot be excused.
He was so drunk that his explanation did not make sense.
The drunk rolled up to him.
A drunk man fell down the stairs.
He was arrested for drunken driving.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
The angry wife was on the warpath; she hit her husband with a broom for coming home late and drunk.
You may leave your seat at will.
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
After all we had done, he was still ungrateful.
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
Several birds were flying in the air.
The shocks of several explosions were felt for miles.
I make several allusions to the Bible.
I like math best.
I'm best at math.
As I am not good at math, I hope my parents will allow me to have a private tutor.
I am good at math.
I am not equal to him in mathematics.
He is superior to me in mathematics.
In mathematics, a straight line is defined by two points.
In mathematics and English, he is second to none in the class.
He is superior in mathematics and English to everyone else from these.
Math and English were my favorite subjects.
We cannot keep up with him in mathematics.
When it comes to mathematics, he is second to none in his class.
How was the math test?
I worked hard in order to pass the math test.
I have no idea what we are doing in our math class.
I went to sleep during the math lesson.
The math homework was easier than I had expected.
Our mathematics teacher won't give us a test tomorrow.
Did you work out the math problem?
Mathematics is Albert's favorite subject.
I do not like mathematics very much.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
I somehow got a passing grade in mathematics.
Math is the last subject that I want to study.
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.
Mathematics is difficult for me.
Mathematics is a difficult subject.
Mathematics is his strongest subject.
Mathematics is her weak point.
Mathematics is my favorite subject.
Mathematics is an interesting subject.
I had been studying mathematics about an hour, when I felt sleepy.
Some students like mathematics and others don't.
I'll drop you a few lines.
I bought several guidebooks, none of which helped me.
The figures add up to 230.
The figure will be astronomical.
Please add up the numbers.
Once you go ahead and start, even the tiresome work of adding and subtracting figures is interesting in its way.
My toothache returned in a few hours.
Several companies are competing to gain the contract.
Dozens of people gathered before the station.
After decades of civil war, order was restored.
Many years ago, I visited the center of Hiroshima.
A few people mentioned they would like to attend some sessions later in the day on the Technical Session Agenda.
Several people lay wounded.
Some students were sitting on the bench and having lunch.
Several students came to the library.
There were some guests waiting in the drawing room.
There are some children playing in the park.
Several children are playing in the sand.
Several young engineers were employed and were devoted to developing a new computer.
Some girls were playing tennis.
Several girls are standing beside the gate.
A few passengers went on board the plane.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
Some people are working in the fields.
Several politicians exerted strong pressure on the committee.
Several students have gone home without cleaning the classroom.
Several students were absent from school because of colds.
Of all the principles he once stood fast on.
Thousands of people became victims of this disease.
A few days would have been excusable, but you are in arrears for 10 days.
You shouldn't go out for a few days.
You must not eat anything for a few days.
I think we should get away from here for a few days.
The weather stayed hot for a few days.
After a few days, she realized that he lacks in intelligence.
A few days later, he came.
It was not until a few days later that we heard the sad news.
I am leaving town for a few days.
Several years went by.
Years of heavy drinking has left John with a beer gut.
Years later, Europeans established colonies in the coastal areas.
Several years ago, in the course of being interviewed for a job, I was introduced to a competitor for the position.
A few years ago it would have been inconceivable for Japan to send troops overseas.
I lived in Tokyo a few years ago, but now I live in Kyoto.
Can you spare me a few minutes of your time?
Can you spare me a few minutes? I need your help.
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
A few minutes' walk brought us to the park.
I reached the museum after a few minutes' walk.
We walked a few minutes and reached the shore.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the park.
I saw a little boy fall over a few steps ahead.
Apart from several windowpanes, there was no major damage.
Mrs. Sugimoto always wears neat clothes.
A sparrow is very alert in its movements.
A cloud of hornets set at the children.
I can see a clear blue sky and feel so good.
The tongue stings.
His expectations hit the mark exactly.
No one succeeds in the world without effort.
This is the big tough world.
There is much that is good in the world.
If you are to get ahead in life, you must work harder.
Nothing adds up in the world.
All the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
Suffering is the price of all good things in the world.
It's the trend that counts.
The world owes me, so fuck you!
It's a small world.
It seems as if things would change for the better.
The world is changing every minute.
The world will change in an instant.
He who rebukes the world is rebuked by the world.
Just like you want it to.
The whole world is off its rocker.
And the world was made through him.
The world did not recognize him.
Let us hope the world will never be on the brink of a nuclear war.
In many parts of the world it is illegal to shoot wild game such as deer, moose or pheasant.
What is the second largest country in the world?
It's the best job in the world!
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.
No place in the world is as beautiful as the Swiss Alps.
Many trees are cut down in the world.
A lot of people are starving in the world.
The richest man in the world cannot buy her love.
What is the longest river in the world?
What's the most beautiful place in the world?
The book read most in the world is the Bible.
There are more than 150 nations in the world.
There are more than 4000 languages in the world.
There are seven continents on the earth.
There are a lot of different peoples in the world.
There are a body of languages in the world.
Some people in the world suffer from hunger.
There are four oceans in the world.
There are quite a lot of tribes in the world.
There are many different races in the world.
There live in this world people of all sorts of colors and manners and customs.
There are almost seven billion people in the world.
A lot of people want peace all over the world.
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.
Nobody in the world wants war.
Everybody in the world desires peace.
No mountain in the world is as high as Mount Everest.
This train is the last train to the world's end.
It is high time we thought more about the damage to the world's climate.
Japan ranks among the economic powers of the world.
The world's aviation industry is growing increasingly worried about crashes.
The world population is expanding at the rate of nearly 90 million people a year.
The population of the world is increasing so rapidly that it will be doubled within forty years.
The population of the world will double before long.
There is a rapid increase in world population.
Since the Industrial Revolution, the world population has more than tripled.
The world's population tends to increase.
Each year the world's population increases on average by two percent.
My fellow citizens of the world: Ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
The world's tropical rainforests are critical links in the ecological chain of life on the planet.
What do you think we must do in order to maintain the peace of the world?
Boeing, which builds more than half the world's commercial airliners, is understandably keen to draw attention to what can go wrong besides planes.
The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
The world needs to change its thinking and behavior, especially in the developed nations.
When will the world come to an end?
The world economy is in recession now.
The world is changing more and more quickly.
It is often said that the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
The world still has not found peace.
The world is confronted with the problem of environmental pollution.
Did the world really act as fast as possible to meet the threat to the environment?
The world is not what it used to be.
The world needs to develop new energy sources in place of oil.
The world is running out of oil.
The world is split into two camps.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller every year.
I want to travel around the world.
The richest man in the world cannot buy everything.
I wish I could travel around the world.
It was a good luncheon, as hotels go.
Recovery of the world economy is not yet in sight.
Nobody can deny the fact the world economy revolves around the American economy.
The world economy will not recover anytime soon.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
It is the longest in the world.
The world history exam proved to be easier than I had expected.
World history is required for graduation.
Will you show me a map of the world?
Have a look at the world map.
Stones collected from all over the world are used.
All the world desires peace.
That sports are gaining in popularity all over the world is evidenced by the sports news in the papers by the many sports equipment stores, and by the numbers of runners who participate in marathons or other races.
It was easy for them to be famous all over the world.
It has been played in many ways in most cultures around the world.
Millions of people all over the world knew about Rev. Martin Luther King and his beliefs.
I have a collection of silver tea spoons from all over the world.
Newspapers and television stations around the world told the story of Koko and her kitten.
Because people in the world don't speak the same language, much effort is now devoted to translation.
The whole world is watching the summit conference.
People all over the world are anxious for peace.
Let's call out to the people around the world.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
You can use English at most hotels anywhere in the world.
A global crisis is at hand.
Global agricultural output was expanding.
A worldwide plague of theft emptied museums.
What do you think we should do to make for world peace?
Is world peace made possible by friendship?
We should do our utmost to establish world peace.
We must work hard to promote world peace.
There is no one that does not long for world peace.
The shifting pattern of world trade is made clear in the following table.
She is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world.
There are many people in the world who complain that they are too busy to read.
Be infected with the evil ways of the world.
Don't mind about what others think.
Will you screen me from public censure?
Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be.
How long can the world stand by and watch these atrocities?
It is a small world!
People regard him as nothing.
The world has paid due recognition to her ability.
Don't kid yourself.
I read the newspaper to keep myself informed.
We have other things to do than worry about keeping up appearances.
I can't believe you're so clueless. You're like a babe in the woods.
The naive man blushed with shame.
He is a good man as the world goes.
You don't have to chat with them.
At the turn of the century, children still worked in factories.
This is a rough world we are living in.
Public opinion obliged him to retire.
The trend of public opinion is against corporal punishment.
The tide of public opinion is turning against sexism.
Public opinion was strongly in favor of the project.
Public opinion is opposed to the policy.
The balance of public opinion remains in his favor.
Public opinion plays a vital in the political realm.
Public opinion counts for much.
A poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation.
Public opinion polls are barometers of confidence in the government.
I have kids to take care of.
How long is the Seto Bridge?
What does all this add up to?
I'd like that a lot.
I want the concert to be a success at any cost.
We must finish this work at any cost.
Please do so by all means.
I've got to see it.
Try to study a foreign language by all means.
Please come to my house by all means.
Come and see us by all means.
Do come to the party.
I want to see him at all costs.
A great light was diffused over the baseball stadium.
With restrictions removed, thousands of new enterprises have come into being.
Don't go beyond the speed limit.
You were exceeding the speed limit, weren't you?
Uncontrolled, these forces may be dangerous and destructive, but once mastered they can be bent to man's will and desire.
I'm out of control.
Uniforms deprive youths of an important choice: what to wear.
Do you have a school uniform?
Does a uniform eliminate class difference?
Uniforms differ from school to school.
It's abating.
You are carried along with the slide.
Write only your family name in capitals.
You must associate with people of good character.
I can't get sexual satisfaction.
Quick judgements are dangerous.
I bleed when I make love.
It's painful making love.
I'm afraid I've contracted a venereal disease.
I had V.D.
You should not discriminate against people because of their sex.
I have no sexual desire.
Blessed is he who has found his work.
Let things take their own course.
The upstart tried to pass for a man of culture.
If you are to succeed, you should make efforts.
If you are to succeed, you must try harder.
If you want to succeed, you have to take a lot of risks.
If you want to succeed, use your time well.
You must work hard, if you want to succeed.
Whether we succeed or not, we have to do our best.
He who will succeed must work hard.
Whether you succeed or not, you have to do your best.
If you are to succeed, you must make a good start.
Whether he succeeds or fails, he has to do his best.
The struggle to succeed sometimes leaves people feeling empty.
He that will thrive must ask leave of his wife.
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.
Whether you will succeed or not depends upon your own exertions.
Whether you succeed or not depends on how hard you study.
It is up to you whether we succeed or not.
We hold out no expectation of success.
If you are to succeed, you must start studying now.
Work harder if you are to succeed.
You have to make efforts if you are to succeed.
To succeed we must go shoulder to shoulder.
Stick with it and you'll succeed.
You should keep on until you succeed.
Work hard so that you can succeed.
He prayed that I might succeed.
The teacher said: "Above all, what is necessary for success is perseverance."
I wish you success.
Americans are all heading north to the land of opportunity.
There is no hope of success.
There was only a faint chance of success.
There is every promise of success.
The secret of success lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from his angle as well as from your own.
The secret of success is not to think of failure.
There is little hope of success.
Success depends on your own exertions.
Success depends mostly on effort.
Success is dependent on your effort.
Success is always on the side of the persevering.
Success consists of discipline.
Success depends on your efforts.
Success treads upon the heels of effort and perseverance.
Success is due less to ability than to zeal.
There are bright prospects of success.
There is no simple road to success.
There is no shortcut to success.
It is education that is key to the success.
Success or failure is all the same to me.
Break a leg.
A successful presentation of a play.
Don't be too eager for success.
There is not one of us but wishes to succeed.
Success often depends on one's temperament.
My grades fell greatly.
Grades are important, but they are not everything.
Any student who wishes to review his grades may make an appointment with the college dean.
If one wants to grow, one must not avoid hardships.
That which grows fast withers as rapidly.
A growing child who is not full of beans probably needs medical attention.
It is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour.
The Narita Express will take you directly to Tokyo Station in approximately 90 minutes.
There is an international airport in Narita.
At Narita Airport, I ran into an old friend of mine.
I will go with you as far as Narita Airport.
He gave me a ride to the Narita airport.
I will try my best, whether I shall be successful or not.
Money counts for much in political circles.
Political candidates should talk about family values.
I'm opposed to political power being monopolized within a clique.
Questioned about his policies, the candidate gave only vague answers.
Politics was the main topic of their conversation.
It is our national conviction that politics is a dirty and dishonest pursuit.
What is the relationship between politics and war?
Appreciate the importance of propaganda in politics.
I'd rather not say anything about politics.
I suggest we discuss politics.
My interest in politics is strictly academic.
There are several forms of government.
When it comes to politics, I know nothing.
We are sick and tired of political corruption.
When it comes to politics, he is as eloquent as anyone.
It seems that the government wants to separate these three.
Why is politics separating us, when we ourselves know who is good and who isn't?
Politics has much to do with me.
Developing political awareness takes time.
He is a politician, if ever there was one.
A politician thinks of the next election; a statesman, of the next generation.
The politician tried to cover up the insider trading.
The statesmen are barely coping with the intricate foreign affairs.
The statesman and writer is dead.
As a politician, he makes utmost use of his acting ability.
Accepting money as a politician is sometimes a gray area.
I want to be a statesman.
Vision is indispensable to a statesman.
Some politicians seem to be lost to shame.
Politicians are always telling us that better times are just around the corner.
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.
A politician should serve the people.
Politicians are cashing in on public apathy.
Politicians are good at raising money.
A politician must always be able to account for money he receives.
Statesmen should take public opinion into account.
Statesmen should take account of public opinion.
The politicians try to pass the buck.
He promised political reforms would be put into practice.
Politics is the science of how who gets what, when and why.
Political activity tends to be discouraged in most work places.
The political situation has changed.
Political concerns have caused many people to doubt the prediction.
It's much less usual for a person to be politically aware than to be politically active.
Political unrest was in the air.
On the political level the response was the nationalist and fundamentalist revolt of the Maccabees.
Political prisoners are on a hunger strike for better conditions.
The political offender rebelled against the police authority.
Any politician who does not toe the main party line would be branded a renegade.
It's about time the government did something about pollution.
Our governments belong to us, not us to them.
My career in the government includes many overseas assignments.
The government cannot be seen to give in to terrorists' demands.
The government and industry are cooperating to fight pollution.
We need more effective price controls by the Government.
Your ideas about the government are different from mine.
It's like pulling teeth to ask the government to change their policy.
The unwise statement by the government caused prices to rise again.
The Government's domestic policy was announced.
The government's new economic plan leaves much to be desired.
The government's economic policy is credited for Japan's postwar economic success.
Government spending is getting a little out of hand.
The government's actions were condemned worldwide.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
The government's investment will create many jobs.
The government should do away with those old regulations.
The government imposed a new tax on cigarettes.
The government will have to deal with the financial problem.
The government will have much trouble balancing the needs of its younger population with the requirements of the old people.
The government adopted strong measures to fight inflation.
The government is desperate to keep inflation down.
The government should endeavor to curb inflation.
The government is bringing in a new bill on this matter.
The government should do away with these regulations.
The government is reluctant to alter its economic policy.
The government tried to suppress all opposition parties.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
The government is scheduled to put the plan into practice next year.
The government had to make up for the loss.
The government transported goods to the island by helicopter.
The government announced that they would pay their debts.
The government pushed the bill through the Diet.
The government is still groping for a solution to the problem.
The government has set up a committee to look into the problem.
The government turned down the request.
The government is determined to put an end to terrorism.
The government tends to control the media.
The government appointed Mr Brown ambassador to Peru.
The government cannot avoid the issue of homelessness any longer.
The government prohibits us from carrying guns without a license.
The government has imposed a new tax on wine.
The government appointed a committee to investigate the accident.
The government watched the activities of radical groups carefully.
The government provided us with food.
The government had to alter its foreign policy.
The government dispatched missions abroad.
The government didn't take appropriate measures to prevent the infection from spreading.
The government undertook a drastic reform of parliament.
The government has been reforming education.
Will the government raise the consumption tax soon?
The government will tax your income.
The government has declared its intention to reduce taxes.
The government is trying to get rid of pollution.
The government should promote common welfare.
The government started a program to promote industry.
The government is compelled to reconstruct national finance.
The government is promoting the use of home products.
The government has taken measures to promote domestic industry.
A government suffers from civil affairs.
The government must make fundamental changes.
The government compensated the farmers for the damage to the crops.
The government should invest more money in industry.
The government is running its largest deficit ever.
The government makes us pay tax.
The government has made efforts to make our country clean and green.
The government is trying to bring things back to normal.
The government issued the following statement.
The government is expelling illegal aliens as part of a crackdown.
The government made no move to solve the housing problem.
The government clamped down on the minority group.
The government lightened taxes.
The government made an announcement to the effect that taxes would be raised.
The government started tax reform.
The government ordered that the price of soap be reduced by two pence.
The administration cannot but look for alternative sources of revenue.
The government refuses to bow to public pressure.
Governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level.
The government was overthrown.
The government decided to impose a special tax on very high incomes.
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.
The government imposed a new tax on farmers.
The government has increased its financial aid to the developing nations.
The government deprived him of all his rights.
The government promised to wipe out poverty.
The government has held commodity prices in check.
The government lifted price controls.
He argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue.
The government must enforce the law immediately.
The government acted boldly to deal with the outlaw uprising.
The government will have to take drastic action to solve the problem.
The government has the power of legislation.
It sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do.
Let's get some brochures from the travel bureau.
Government officials inspected all factories.
Down with the Government!
One of the government's proposals is to give out condoms in high schools.
The authorities sent in troops to quell the riot.
A government official's stately mansion was looted.
Cleared, the site will be valuable.
The stars are spread all over the night sky.
The stars twinkled.
The stars are bright.
The stars were twinkling in the sky.
The stars are glittering above.
Stars are shining in the sky.
Star began to appear in the sky.
The stars are shining in the sky.
The stars were beginning to appear.
The stars came out.
Let me wish upon a shooting star.
Stars shine above in the sky.
Stars cannot be seen in the daytime.
The stars look dim because of the city lights.
The stars twinkled above her.
Stars can be seen at night.
It is interesting to watch stars.
Star-watching is good for your eyes.
It is interesting to look at the stars.
Not a star was to be seen.
The asterisks mark important references.
Make a wish on a starry night.
According to the stars, she and I aren't supposed to have much chemistry between us.
Mr Hoshino is hard to please.
The sky is likely to clear up.
Frequently clear and balmy weather deteriorates and it soon rains cats and dogs.
I think it will be sunny.
It being fine, we started climbing Mt Fuji.
Look at the clear sky.
Nothing is more pleasant than to take a walk on a fine spring day.
It was a fine day so I went on a picnic.
It was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky.
Nothing is so pleasant as going on a picnic on a fine day.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
Nothing is so pleasant as taking a walk along the seaside on a fine day.
The stars were brilliant in the clear night sky.
It was sunny and warm.
It's nice.
It's going to clear up.
The weather is clearing up. I needn't have brought an umbrella.
The weather clearing, he went out for a walk.
It seems to be clearing up.
I don't suppose it's going to be sunny.
We can see Mt. Fuji far away on a fine day.
I hope it will be fine.
I think it will be fine.
I thought it was going to clear up. On the contrary, it began to rain.
I wonder if it will be nice.
If the weather clears up, we'll go for a walk in the forest.
I hope it will be nice.
It is clearing up.
Fair, later cloudy.
Rain or shine, the opening ceremony is to begin at nine.
Rain or shine, the athletic meet will be held.
Rain or shine, I will go.
Rain or shine, the postman delivers the mail.
I sometimes wish I could live a quiet retired sort of life but I doubt I could stand it for more than a few days.
In spite of the sunny weather, the air was rather chilly.
You should take advantage of the good weather to paint the fence.
It is sometimes hard to tell right from wrong.
Do what is right.
Do that which is right.
Do whatever you think is right.
You ought to have the courage to speak out what you believe to be right.
Do what you believe is right.
Nothing is ever right.
What's the right time?
Mark the right answer.
Cross out the incorrect words.
Properly used, certain poisons will prove beneficial.
That's what I thought.
Tadashi has a soft voice.
Please check the correct answer.
Please circle the right answer.
I refer you to the dictionary for the correct spelling.
The exact temperature is 22.68 degrees Celsius.
Do not rely on the room clock for the accurate time of day.
What is the exact time?
Tell me the right time, please.
Can you tell me the exact time, please?
I'd like to know the exact time.
I forgot what the exact price was, but it was about 170 dollars.
The exact time is three now.
I do not know exactly.
What is the right time?
To be accurate, he is to blame.
Specifically, I'm a university lecturer.
He came to himself.
Are you losing your mind?
When I came to, I found myself lying on the floor.
When I came to myself, I was in the hospital.
Justice and kindness are virtues.
I fight in the cause of justice.
Let us be united in the cause of justice.
Justice will assert itself.
New Year's Day is close at hand.
At the New Year, we spend a lot of time with our family.
It has been raining on and off since noon.
I'll call you at noon.
At noon, I have lunch with my classmates.
I'll come at noon to pick you up.
At noon they lay down in a forest to rest.
I have lunch at noon with my friends.
The noon siren is blowing.
It's impossible to get there by noon.
Can you finish it by noon?
We should be there by noon.
She wished it would stop raining by noon.
We'll make the summit of the hill by noon.
Stay at home till noon.
Please wait till noon.
I'll wait till noon.
It's nearly noon and he's still in bed.
If you are to arrive there before noon, you must start early in the morning.
Masako usually walks to school.
Instead of waiting for a contract, we can handle it over the phone.
I will send our formal agreement to you.
Officially it is his responsibility, but in fact his secretary does all the work.
He cannot tell right from wrong.
It is not always easy to separate right from wrong.
It is hard, perhaps even impossible, to define normal sensory perception.
I have to dress up.
Formal dress must be worn.
Frankly speaking, I don't like her.
Honesty doesn't always pay.
There are cases where honesty doesn't pay.
I have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy.
It is my belief that the important thing is that we should do our best.
It goes without saying that honesty is the key to success.
The honest old man became rich.
Honesty is no guarantee of success.
Honesty was the most important factor in his success.
As he was an honest man, I employed him.
As long as he is honest, any boy will do.
I like that young man in that he is honest and candid.
Honesty is a virtue.
Honestly, it's all or nothing.
I like the boy all the better for his honesty.
Honest people despise those who lie.
An honest man would not do such a thing.
Who that is honest will do such a thing?
An honest man never steals money.
To tell the truth, I felt lonely.
To tell the truth, he was lonely.
To tell you the truth, I'd tell Tony I'm going back to cutting the grass myself again next year, except for one thing.
Honestly, I can't trust him.
An honest man is the noblest work of God.
Honesty is never the best policy.
Honesty pays in the long run.
Honesty is a capital virtue.
Honesty is the best policy.
Honesty, I believe, is the best policy.
Honesty sometimes doesn't pay.
Honesty is not always the best policy.
Frankly speaking, you are in the wrong.
To tell the truth, I don't like classical music. On the other hand, Molly is really into it.
Honesty doesn't pay.
Honesty does not always pay. Such is the way of the world.
Never stay away from school without good cause.
I have a feeling that Masao may blow in sometime soon.
Masao belongs to the tennis club.
May I go there with Masao, Father?
A square has four sides.
A square has four equal sides.
Cut a square in halves.
The front door remained locked.
Masao studies history under Prof. Ito's guidance.
Cleanliness is proper to the Japanese.
Going all out like this is going to propel me right into an all-or-nothing struggle.
Where is there a soft drink vending machine?
He has a reputation as being straight as an arrow. He'd never get involved in corruption.
He must not live.
They die well that live well.
I'll take whoever wants to go.
There are lots of hardships in our life.
Sleep is essential for the preservation of life.
She did not forget his kindness as long as she lived.
I have once seen a live whale.
As long as I live, I will never forget visiting Rome.
I'll never forget you as long as I live.
As long as we live, our heart never stops beating.
While there is life, there is hope.
This is life!
As long as we live, we should work.
The instinct for survival is innate.
To live is to suffer.
Food is always necessary for life.
All living things die some day.
Flower arrangement is a traditional art in Japan.
Flower arrangement is a part of Japanese culture.
I'd like to learn how to arrange flowers.
Accrued interest will be paid into your account.
When it comes to raw fish, I feel disgusted.
Raw fish easily goes bad.
Raw fish is not to my taste.
Have you ever eaten raw fish?
The new arrival was a lovely girl.
A newborn baby is liable to fall ill.
The baby was named Richard after his grandfather.
In natural gifts he is second to none.
He is by nature quite an easy-going man.
I wish you'd never been born.
Never in my life have I heard such a terrible story!
For the first time in my life, I felt a pang of conscience, but there was no other way out.
It is not men's faults that ruin them so much as the manner in which they conduct themselves after the faults have been committed.
I want some fresh eggs.
I feel alive.
Nobody likes a wise guy.
He had the presumption to reject my proposal.
The biochemistry test was a cinch.
He was doomed to life-long poverty.
Every day in your life you're lonely.
It was the biggest mistake of my life.
Lifelong education means perpetual retraining.
Why don't you adapt your way of life to circumstances?
I have to tighten my belt.
No problem demands more urgency than the human conditions of life.
As for the standard of living, the republic has overtaken other developed countries.
As for the standard of living, the republic has caught up with the West.
Living standards should be higher.
It is getting more and more difficult to make a living.
The cost of living has risen so quickly that it is almost impossible for us to make both ends meet.
Living costs are getting higher.
The cost of living is going up continuously.
The cost of living has greatly risen in the past ten years.
Life is more and more expensive.
Living is dear, accordingly we have to economize.
We cut our living costs.
It is very difficult to persuade people to change their life style.
When I came to, I found myself in the hospital.
Don't quarrel with your bread and butter.
Work hard so that you may earn your living.
The two felt the pressing necessity of earning a livelihood.
The cost of living has shot through the ceiling in the last year.
My six-month old son is teething.
Production is turning down.
Production has remarkably increased.
The output is way below last year's level.
Production improves by becoming more automatic.
We'll employ a new tool to increase productivity.
Productivity has fallen. Accordingly, workers' bonuses will be reduced.
The number of the living was smaller than that of the dead.
They searched here and there looking for survivors.
The instinct for survival is inherent in every living thing.
Will you make me up a dress if I give you the material?
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
Not only the students but also their teacher wishes for holidays.
Many of the students were tired.
The students were not respectful towards their teacher.
As soon as the new teacher entered the classroom, the students began to applaud.
The students made her life happy.
The students stood up one by one and introduced themselves.
The students parted into three groups.
The students bothered the teacher with silly questions.
The students sat quiet all the time.
The students were told to learn the poem by heart.
The pupils loved that joke.
The students adore the new English teacher.
The teacher is looked up to by the pupils.
The pupils learned many poems by heart.
All the students like holidays.
All the students began talking at once.
The students are looking forward to the summer vacation.
All the students look up to him.
The students are very busy in preparation for the school festival.
The pupils are bound down by the rules.
The students are afraid to speak out.
The pupils disobeyed their teacher.
The pupils absorbed all the knowledge the teacher gave them.
The pupils are supposed to observe rigid discipline.
The students are talking about language and culture.
The students are all at their desks now.
The students must not enter the teachers' room this week.
The students seem to be sleepy today.
The students prepared for the examination.
The students never really get with it till just before the exam.
The students asked questions one after another.
The students answered in order.
The pupils began to read all together.
The students went to the baseball game along with their teacher.
The students presented their teacher with a gold watch.
The students apologized to the teacher for being late to class.
The students hold their teacher in high regard.
The students said the story was too difficult.
Professor Kibishii prohibited pupils from buying that kind of book.
Some teachers have a great effect on their students.
What is the total number of students?
We're getting fewer and fewer students.
Some pupils find it difficult to follow the rules.
The students range in age from 18 to 25.
Let's classify the names of the students alphabetically.
Students don't raise their hands much.
Students must not use this toilet.
None of the students like tests at school.
Every pupil is supposed to know the school regulations.
Each student has his own desk.
The students pay keen attention.
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
Each student has to hand in a composition every week.
There are about a thousand students in all.
No students could answer the question.
The students could not give an answer.
I became hardened to punishing pupils.
The student council discussed plans for the graduation.
I was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school.
I think it is good for students to clean their classroom.
This school sets high moral standards for pupils.
Some of the students are in the library, but the others are in the classroom.
The students are happy, but the teachers are not.
The students were highly pleased at the news.
All the students have gone home.
All his students looked up to him as a man of character.
The students were busy preparing for the school festival.
The students found the final examination to be a breeze.
The pupils did the work themselves.
The pupils stand up when their teacher enters.
The students bowed to their teacher.
His speech made a deep impression on the students.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
May I have your birth date?
It is easy to consider man unique among living organisms.
Living organisms had existed on earth, without ever knowing why, for over three thousand million years before the truth finally dawned on one of them.
No living things could live without oxygen.
I took my degree in biology.
Biologists assert the losses are severe.
The biologist concentrated on observing the phenomenon.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
How and when life began is still a mystery.
There are many theories about the origin of life.
The mystery of life is beyond human understanding.
Those who have never thought about the value of life should not study medicine.
When did life come into being?
Life is all in all.
I wonder if life exists on other planets.
Don't make light of life.
I can't eat a raw egg; it must be cooked.
My period is five weeks late.
I don't menstruate.
I missed a period.
My menstrual cycle is irregular.
I have very heavy periods.
My period is regular.
Is your menstruation normal?
Human physiology is a three-credit course.
I have bad cramps when I have my period.
Where are the sanitary napkins?
I love this arrangement.
You don't have to dress up.
Professor Morita presided at a meeting of the Chemical Society.
I'll try to explain it to you to the best of my ability.
Try hard.
It is said that this hot water brings a balance between body and mind.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
The mind should be developed along with the body.
Mental health is as important as physical health.
I'll give you moral support.
Mental exercise is particularly important for young children.
I'd like you to have a thorough examination.
It was almost a decade ago, on May 8th, 1980, that Mount St. Helens erupted.
I also heard that it'd been awful around the Olympic Flame.
I can't say that Mr. Kelly has lived a saint's life.
The holy man tiptoed his way across the Ganges.
Then they believed the scripture and the words that Jesus had spoken.
As in the Bible, man may not be always perfect.
Thus goes the Bible.
Much wisdom is to be found in the Bible.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
The Bible tells us that we should love our neighbors.
The Bible sells more than one million copies every year.
It is quite common now to meet with young people who do not know the Bible.
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.
This is the first time for me to read the Bible.
The priest seems to make it a practice to climb on the underdog's bandwagon and persuade the other side to compromise.
The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.
Spirit manifested itself.
Tone of voice can indicate feelings.
Tone of voice can indicate anger and irony.
Read it aloud.
She spoke above her breath.
Read the book aloud.
I recognized Jane at once by her voice.
The cheering ceased.
The best way for adjusting the gap between the internal and the external price and securing economic growth is to promote the non-manufacturing industry's productivity by aggressive investing in facilities.
Manufacturers are liable for defects in their products.
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.
I estimate the production costs to be 36 percent of the budget.
The manufacturing sector is a frenzy over the new monetary policy.
We can deliver the product in June.
Any industrial property rights relating to the Product Specification shall belong to ABC Inc.
Selling products sometimes requires having a stroke of genius.
Sadako watched the sun lowering in the west and became blind.
The western sky glowed with crimson.
The western sky glows crimson.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
Western thought is consistent.
Western countries are jumping on Japan for its stance on the issue.
Western nations have to put their heads together to strengthen the dollar.
Individuality is very important in the West.
In most Western countries, young people come of age at 18 or 21.
Individuality is stressed in the Western world.
Many western customs have taken root in Japan.
Horseradish tastes good on roast beef sandwiches.
Some people claim that there are no more heroes in the Western world.
You must be careful when talking to a European.
When I speak to a Westerner, I have to shift mental gears, so to speak.
Some Westerners may think our houses are lacking in everything they consider essential.
Westerners, in general, prefer to avoid such topics unless the other person brings them up.
All he has going for him is his reliability.
Honesty seems to be rather at a discount.
Nothing is more important than sincerity.
Poverty with honesty is preferable to wealth obtained by unfair means.
It is my belief that sincerity will be rewarded in the end.
You can be dismissed for dishonesty.
Looking for somebody sincere, open-minded, thoughtful.
If only you work sincerely, you will be trusted.
I swear, John.
I never told anybody about it, I swear.
Upon my word I will do it.
Seiko accepted his dinner invitation.
I thought it strange that the petition had been turned down.
The bill added up to three thousand dollars.
Our records show that the invoice No.1111 is still outstanding.
The bill came to over $25.
A blue suit, white shirt and red tie are essential for all male workers.
The blue sports car came to a screeching halt.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
Blend the blue paint with the yellow paint.
God appointed blue to be an everlasting source of delight.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
The warm sunlight is full upon the green wheat field.
The girl with blue eyes is Jane.
The green light is the "go" signal.
I was deceived by the blue sky and brought no umbrella.
Clouds were floating in the blue sky.
I go up to the rooftop when I want to see the blue sky.
The tower was seen clearly against the blue sky.
Paint the trees against the background of the blue sky.
Nothing was to be seen but the blue sky.
Be utterly dejected.
Mr Aoyama has a large family to support.
I regret having idled away my youth.
How long adolescence continues is determined by biological factors.
Adolescents often quarrel with their parents.
Do not idle away your youth or you will regret it later.
Juvenile delinquency is on the increase at a rapid pace.
Do you have any in blue?
Start off on the green light.
A green light is on.
Only cross the street on the green light.
Aomori is famous for its good apples.
The economy of Aomori Prefecture depends heavily on apple growing.
He was completely cleared of the charge against him.
Aota was not worthy of your trust.
Bronze is composed of copper and tin.
That's big talk for an upstart like you.
The first great lesson that a young man should learn is that he knows nothing.
As is often the case with young men, he is indifferent to money.
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
The young man was disappointed in love.
Adolescence is viewed as time of transition.
It is said that adolescent friendships do not often last.
Make good friends and read good books in youth.
His perseverance and diligence in his youth have made him what he is today.
Moral and physical development are remarkable in the youth.
The rising generation always have some funny ideas.
His pale face showed a flush of excitement.
He was a dark figure with a pale face.
Soft music is often conducive to sleep.
The calm surface reflected her features like a mirror.
I would like to live in the quiet country.
It was a quiet night.
Be quiet. Don't talk in the theater.
Be quiet. The kids are asleep.
Be quiet. Don't talk in class.
You can stay if only you are quiet.
Be quiet and listen to me.
You may stay here if you like, so long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here as long as you keep quiet.
So long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
You must keep quiet.
Keep quiet.
Let's keep quiet.
Keep silent, or I will throw you out of here.
We are not here for fun and games.
I wish you would be quiet.
You may be here as long as you keep quiet.
Quiet down, please.
Keep quiet and behave well!
Why don't you be quiet?
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Do be quiet.
Do be quiet!
See to it that you keep quiet.
Please close the door quietly.
I wish that noise would stop. It gets on my nerves.
Please lie still on the bed.
It was raining quietly.
Let me do my work in peace.
I would tell you if you would just listen quietly.
Walk quietly, can't you?
Silence reigned in the forest.
Suddenly Nancy screamed in the midst of silence.
I hear there was an earthquake in Shizuoka.
It is ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
Is there any difference between the tea from Shizuoka and that from Uzi?
How large is the population of Shizuoka City?
Quietness is a great treasure.
Keep quiet!
What's the price per night including all charges?
Tax wise, it is an attractive arrangement.
Taxes consist of direct taxes and indirect ones.
There will be long lines at the Customs.
The customs officials examined the boxes.
Where is the Customs Service?
After getting through customs, I was free to go wherever I wanted.
Please fill out the Customs Declaration Form.
The amount of money the government earns in taxes determines the amount of money it can spend on welfare.
What kind of taxes are there?
He wished to keep the bank accounts separate for tax purposes.
Where should I pay the tax?
Taxation is based on income.
Please pay the tax.
We think that it's our duty to pay taxes.
It is the obligation of every worker to pay taxes.
That's including taxes.
The pressure for tax reform is growing.
The tax agent allowed the deduction.
Tax officials are zeroing in on income tax evasion.
We can do nothing but wait for a while until the seats are available.
Well, let me take it back and figure it out for you.
Where would you like to sit?
All the seats are occupied.
I'm afraid you've taken the wrong seat.
Can you make room for me?
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
All you have to do to secure a seat is to wait in line.
I'd like to change my seat.
I'd like to reserve a seat.
I half rose to my feet to leave my seat.
Once there lived a very wicked king in England.
Formerly this harbor was prosperous.
Once again she was lived in and taken care of.
In that country there once lived a wise king.
Once there lived an old man in the village.
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred.
In olden times, football was popular in both Greece and Rome.
A long time ago, there was a young man.
In early times all books were copied by hand.
Once there lived an old woman on a small island.
I used to go to church on Sunday.
Once there lived a great king.
A long time ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
Once there lived an old king in England.
Old habits die hard. This is particularly true of politics.
The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles.
It is the day of the traditional boys' festival.
There was a castle here many years ago.
There once lived a rich man in this town.
These customs used to prevail all over Japan.
Once there lived a naughty boy in this village.
There used to be a hotel about here.
There used to be a large cedar tree there.
There was a post office on this corner once.
There once lived an old man on that island.
I remember singing that song long ago.
She sat in the chair all day, thinking of past events.
I'm not as young as I was.
I wish I could get back the tone and nimbleness I once had.
Memories of the good old days came flooding back one after another.
Old school friends often try to keep in touch with one another.
By demolishing buildings of bygone times, we wipe out every trace of the past forever.
In the old days, every child could tell the difference between good and bad.
Memories of old times rushed back into my mind.
Formerly people did not know that the earth is round and that it moves around the sun.
When I met my former teacher, he inquired after my parents.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
The old days have gone never to return.
I would love to see my old flame again.
In the past, the boys were taught to fend for themselves while still very young.
Formerly, a book was worth its weight in silver, if not in gold.
In former days people walked from Edo to Kyoto.
When I was a kid, touching bugs didn't bother me a bit. Now I can hardly stand looking at pictures of them.
He is not what he used to be.
In ancient times all the kings burdened the people with heavy taxes.
There used to be a tall tree near the temple.
There used to be a grocery store around the corner.
There used to be a large park here.
There used to be a police station in front of this bus stop.
There used to be a small castle on this hill.
Formerly this building was a hospital.
I used to swim in this river.
It is thought to have been much colder long ago.
There used to be a post office on the corner.
There used to be a castle on the hill.
In old times the slope was very lonely.
There used to be a castle on the top of the mountain.
I used to smoke a lot, but I have given up smoking now.
She used to be a very shy girl.
I've seen better days.
We used to talk over a cup of coffee.
I used to a lot.
I used to drink beer.
There used to be a coffee shop near the school.
There used to be an art museum in this neighborhood.
In early times, inventions were often stumbled upon by accident.
Young people used to look down on the rules of society.
There used to be no freedom of the press.
I used to get yelled at for hogging the phone.
There used to be a lot of fish in any river in Japan.
I used to go to church on Sundays.
I really miss the old days.
There used to be a statue of a lion at the gate.
Once upon a time, there was a pretty little house way out in the country.
Do you think we are better off than we used to be?
I used to keep a diary every day when I was young.
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.
In old times people didn't think that the earth is round.
Once upon a time, there lived in a village a little girl called Little Green Hood.
Once upon a time, there lived a pretty girl.
Once upon a time, there lived a beautiful princess.
Long, long ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man in a village.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man and his wife.
Long long ago, there lived a pretty girl.
Once upon a time, there lived a great king in Greece.
Once upon a time, there lived a stingy old man in the village.
Once upon a time, there lived a poor man and a rich woman.
In the early days people communicated by smoke signals.
Kill two birds with one stone.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
I can no more swim than a stone can.
The stone started ripples in the pond.
A stone hit him on the head.
The soap hurt my eyes.
Wash your hands with soap.
Soap helps remove the dirt.
I need some soap.
Rub briskly with soap, and the stain will soon wash off.
I will succeed at any cost.
She walked carefully so as not to stumble over a rock.
There was something written on the stone, and they tried to make out what it was.
What is written on the stone could not have been put there without reason.
The blocks of stone were jointed with cement.
Patience wins out in the end.
Be patient and persistent. These things take time.
A stone does not float.
A stone is dead matter.
Don't throw stones.
Who broke the windowpane with a stone?
The Stone Age ruins were discovered.
You cannot be too careful.
Look before you leap.
There's no soap.
Soap has the property of removing dirt.
The coal was glowing in the fire.
The coals are burning red.
The coal is burning.
Coal is chemically allied to diamonds.
Coal consists mostly of carbon.
Coal is not always black.
If we burn fuels such as coal, oil and gas, they give off various gases.
They substituted coal for oil.
We're running short of oil. We'd better ask the store to bring us more.
The oil ran through a thick pipe.
New forms of energy must be developed before oil dries up.
Supplies of oil are not infinite.
Our stock of oil is running out.
We should substitute alcohol for oil.
The price of oil is going up.
One quality of oil is that it floats on water.
The discovery of oil enriched the country.
The discovery of oil was a lucky accident.
Oil is of great use to us.
Oil is transported by tanker.
Oil may not last for another hundred years.
Petrol is no longer a cheap fuel.
The ecologist warned us that petroleum was not merely a blessing but also a curse.
The oil is discharged at Tokyo port.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of Japanese industry.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization.
Can you spare me a few liters of petrol?
A ship which conveys oil is called an oil tanker.
The oil companies increased the price of gas again.
Products made from petroleum are vital to modern societies.
The lorry had to stop because its load had fallen off.
The shipment has reached us safely.
Due to a lack of balance the ship turned over.
If you have a positive attitude, you are looking for ways to solve the problems that you can solve, and you are letting go of the things over which you have no control.
It is not you but he that is to blame.
It is I that am to blame.
The responsibility weighs on me.
It is you who are to blame.
It is I who am to blame.
You can't back out of your responsibilities.
Life has no meaning except in terms of responsibility.
The blame rests with the cook.
The responsibility was in large part mine.
The responsibility sat heavily on her.
Pass the buck.
Can I speak to the person in charge?
Don't try to pass the buck.
Please give me two more of the red carnations.
A red dress made her stand out.
The red dress became her.
There is a red rose in the vase.
A red rose means love.
Give me two red roses and three white ones.
He has red spots all over his body.
The red belt sets off her black dress.
Some are red and others are white.
Don't write in red ink.
Blend the red paint with the blue paint.
The red shoes clash with this green shirt.
As he slurped the red blood, he heard frenzied screams.
A red light is often used as a danger signal.
The red umbrella reminded her of her grandma.
A red dress looks good on her.
The red rose made a nice contrast to her white dress.
Any flower will do, so long as it is red.
Have you named your new born baby?
The baby tore up a ten-dollar bill.
The baby is crying for milk.
My baby began crying, asking for milk.
See what the baby is doing!
The baby started to cry.
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.
As the baby was born, the Tanakas had to hire a part-timer.
I closed the window for fear that the baby should catch cold.
I walked softly for fear of waking the baby.
Please keep quiet, so you don't wake the baby up.
The baby appears hungry all the time.
The baby is fast asleep.
The baby is no bigger than this doll.
The baby is not bigger than this doll.
The baby kept quiet.
Why is the baby crying?
The baby is sleeping on the bed.
The baby can't walk yet.
The baby is still sleeping.
The baby cried herself to sleep.
Babies are interesting to watch.
The baby was crawling on all fours.
You may leave the baby with me for two days.
The baby has pretty little fingers.
The baby is sleeping.
The baby took another careful step.
The baby has been crying for a long time.
The baby takes after its father.
The baby crept into the room.
The baby has gotten rid of its cold.
The baby walked supported by his mother.
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.
The baby began to cry like anything.
Has the baby woken up?
The baby was in his birthday suit.
Bathe the baby, won't you?
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
You shouldn't leave the baby alone.
I shut the door quietly so as not to wake the baby.
She sat still for fear of waking the baby.
It's dangerous to expose babies to strong sunlight.
I rocked the baby in my arms.
I need red and black markers or felt-tip pens. Do you have any?
Red and blue paint mixed together give us purple.
Red contrasts well with blue.
Red shows up well against a white background.
Would you like red wine or white wine?
Red wine goes well with meat.
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.
The baby has taken to him.
See to it that the baby does not go near the stove.
The baby was crying in bed.
The baby clamored to be fed.
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The baby is crying.
The baby smiled at me.
A baby comes to chew foods.
The baby is asleep. Don't make a noise.
The baby tangled the ball of yarn.
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
I was bothered by the baby's crying.
Little babies' cheeks feel like velvet.
Whereas he was weak as a baby, he is now very strong.
The baby's age is now two years.
They spoke quietly so as not to wake the baby.
Babies cry when they are hungry.
The baby was shaking the rattle.
The baby went to sleep at once.
My baby can't talk yet. He just cries.
The baby is not capable of walking yet.
Hold the baby gently.
Babies often fall down.
The baby was quiet all night.
The baby screamed all night.
The baby lies sleeping.
The baby nestled in his mother's arms.
The baby stopped crying.
The baby ceased crying.
The baby opened his mouth.
The baby is now at the stage of talking.
The baby is crying because it is hungry now.
The baby crawled on hands and knees.
A baby is incapable of taking care of itself.
Babies want plenty of sleep.
The baby must be taken good care of.
A baby has delicate skin.
The baby held out his tiny hand.
The baby has fallen asleep.
The baby appeared to be sleeping quietly.
A baby does not know good or evil.
A baby has no moral compass.
The baby was named Peter after his grandfather.
The baby was kicking and screaming.
The baby is not old enough to be capable of hostile laughter.
The baby was amusing itself with the cat's tail.
The baby is too short to get at the drawer.
Her baby was a great blessing to her.
The baby can't walk, much less run.
Babies crawl before they walk.
The baby smiled at the sight of its mother.
The baby wants its mother.
A baby craves its mother's milk.
The baby seems to be asleep.
The baby arrived near dawn.
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The baby was sleeping in the cradle.
Let's talk quietly in order not to wake the baby.
She came in quietly so as not to wake the baby.
I have to put the baby to bed.
Put the baby to sleep.
I dandled the baby on my knee.
The woman with a baby in her arms arrived here just now.
Every student trusts Mr Akai because he never breaks his word.
Have you got a red pencil?
Circle in red pencil.
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
A red ball is mixed in with the white ones.
What a princess I'd feel like if I were able to go to Akasaka, have a wonderful meal and stay at a hotel.
That's as easy as taking cake from a baby.
The loss reached three million yen.
A budget deficit will occur because of a revenue shortfall.
A budget deficit must be financed somehow.
The deficit has been diminishing little by little.
Eliminating the deficit will be a hard nut to crack.
The Red Cross gets help to disaster victims without delay.
The Red Cross distributed food to the refugees.
The Red Cross dispensed food and medical supplies to the victims.
The Red Cross supplied the hospital with blood.
Do you have any in red?
Red is out of fashion.
The light changed from red to green.
Did you stop at the red light?
It's dangerous for you to cross the street when the light is red.
The policeman told us not to cross the street against the red light.
The red traffic light indicates "stop".
When everybody's crossing on a red, it's not so scary.
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.
The tropical rainforests, located in a narrow region near the equator, are disappearing so fast that by the year 2000 eighty percent of them may be gone.
A red and spotted white towel, please.
When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out the window.
Akagi sprained an ankle during practice so before the game he taped it up until it was stiff as a board.
Hold the line, please.
Don't hang up!
Keep that ace up your sleeve. If you're going to show it, have another even further up.
Blood poured from the cut vein.
The cloth was torn to shreds.
Sign across the stamp.
Where can I buy stamps?
Where do I get stamps?
You can buy stamps at any post office.
I lost interest in collecting stamps.
You must not travel on the train without a ticket.
I'll leave it to you to buy the tickets.
The number of tickets was limited.
Tickets will be allotted in order of application.
The tickets are 1,000 yen each.
All the tickets are sold out.
The tickets were sold out in a moment.
Where can I get a ticket?
How long is the ticket good for?
The ticket will cost not less than 1,000 yen.
I think I've lost my ticket.
Please get me a ticket.
Please show your ticket.
May I have a look at your ticket?
Get me a ticket, please.
You have only to push the button to get a ticket.
When applying for tickets, please give alternative dates.
Ticket, please.
You'll have to wait not less than an hour to get a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy my ticket.
Keep an eye on my bag while I buy a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I get my ticket.
I lost my ticket. What should I do?
You have to buy one at the office.
Where's the ticket booth?
Where is the ticket office?
It was really close.
It looks like it's going to be anybody's race.
The entertainment expense was borne by our group.
Please drop in at my house when you have a moment.
I'm all thumbs when it comes to origami, or paper folding.
May I ask a very special favor of you?
I want to ask you a big favor.
Please reply by return.
We look forward to receiving your quote by return mail.
Please send the merchandise by return.
I'll tell him to call you back.
Better bend than break.
Her fingers were too weak to fold it.
I'm sorry that I wasn't home when you so kindly dropped by.
The stated price does not include labor charges.
He was caught in the act of stealing.
A gang of thieves broke into the bank.
Temperance is the best physic.
Practice thrift!
To preach is easier than to practice.
There is no reasoning.
We tried to persuade him.
I'm none the wiser for his explanation.
Please explain it.
Would you like me to explain it?
There was no time left for explanation.
I checked every part according to the instruction book, but it did not run.
The snow lay one and a half meters deep.
It snowed for ten consecutive days.
It was snowing thick and fast.
Much snow has fallen.
We have had a lot of snow and I am very happy.
The snow has just come on.
Snow has begun to melt.
If it were not for the snow, we could climb the mountain.
Snow covered the bus.
The snow is falling fast.
Snow is falling.
You can stay here till the snow stops.
It snowed for days on end.
The snow was melting and stuck to my skis.
When the snow melts it flows into the river.
It has been snowing on and off.
Though it was snowing, it wasn't very cold outside.
Although it is snowing, I must go.
Snow is falling thick and fast.
It looks like snow.
It was beginning to snow.
It began to snow.
It may snow.
The snow lay deep.
It is false to say that snow is blue.
Snow lies thick on the ground.
The snow was brilliant in the morning sun.
The snow banked up against the wall.
As long as it doesn't snow!
Who built the snowman?
Barring snow, father will come home.
The snow kept us from going out.
The mountain whose top is covered with snow is Mt. Fuji.
Look at the mountains covered with snow.
I hear it's buried under all that snow.
Some snow-covered mountains were seen in the distance.
It looks like snow, doesn't it?
You must take your sweater in case it snows.
The snow caused me to miss the train.
The snow compelled us to put off our departure.
The storm prevented me from attending the farewell party in honor of Mr Suzuki.
Owing to the snow, the train was delayed.
The snow prevented us from arriving on time.
The snow prevented me from going there.
School was closed for the day due to the snow.
The school was closed due to the snow.
The snow prevented me from going out.
The snow prevented his going out.
The snow prevented the airplane from taking off.
The snow prevented the train from running.
It is white as snow.
The game was delayed on account of snow.
We get together in the hut and eat and drink.
As the weather was snowy, we went skiing.
The house collapsed under the weight of snow.
They live on the snow and ice of the Poles and in tropical jungles.
Against the snow, the white rabbit was invisible.
I waited for the bus in the snow as long as two hours.
I got lost in the snow.
His steps were clearly marked in the snow.
The snow lasted four days.
The snow melted away in a day.
It kept snowing all day.
Snow fell two meters deep.
Snow lay all over the ground.
The snow will soon disappear.
The snow has disappeared in less than no time.
Has the snow stopped yet?
The snow is melted.
The snow has melted away.
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
The snow keeps the young plants snug and warm.
The snow has disappeared.
Snow indicates the coming of winter.
The snow was knee deep.
By tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a week.
We see a snow-capped mountain.
Snow reminds me of my hometown.
We have to clear the snow from the roof.
It's a snowy day.
The abominable snowman is a Himalayan monster.
If you whip the steering wheel around like that on a snowy road, the car is going to go into a slide.
A snowslide obstructed the road.
The continual noise deafened us.
It's going to take crackerjack timing, but if we can work the play, we'll win the game.
The opportunity was grasped at immediately.
I missed a golden opportunity.
The weather couldn't have been better.
There was nothing for it but to go without food.
Absolutely not. It's too cold today.
I'm absolutely sure!
I can't sell it for love or money.
I swear I will never do such a thing.
Over my dead body.
I'm not absolutely sure.
Don't lose your cool.
It is essential that you should finish the work by this evening.
Never play on the road.
I wouldn't take his job for the world.
I'm determined never to give way to temptation.
You should have absolute rest.
There is no doubt.
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
No way.
He rallied from despair.
Don't give up your work in despair.
A fund was set up to preserve endangered marine life.
Extinction is part of evolution.
No sooner is one lie out of your mouth than you're telling yet another.
A tongue is the most venomous thing of all.
Put out your tongue, please.
Let me see your tongue.
In Sendai we have much rain in July.
Change trains at Sendai Station for Tokyo.
The train bound for Sendai has just left.
We recently discovered an error in your personnel record.
We wanted to explain the recent service failure.
The first thing to do is just to get a nice outfit for it.
I'll turn off the fire first, and run to a safe place.
We'll go to Hong Kong first, and then we'll go to Singapore.
Last I met him, he was very well.
That's cheating to start running before everyone else.
Go on ahead. I'll catch up with you soon.
Go ahead. I'll catch up with you in ten minutes.
Do your homework first of all.
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.
You walk on and I'll catch up with you later.
You never can tell what'll happen in the future.
There must have been an accident up ahead.
Listen to some more from the scene.
I was really nervous to see how they dealt with each other just now. I guess things were touch-and-go between them.
There was a mad rush toward the exit.
I had an easy delivery last time.
Last time I had a breech delivery.
Last time it was a natural childbirth.
Last time I couldn't carry my baby to full term.
I had a difficult delivery last time.
The pioneers have overcome a series of obstacles.
Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.
Three new stamps were issued last month.
I just started learning flower arrangement last month, so I'm still a beginner.
The goods ordered from England last month have not arrived yet.
I had the flu last month.
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.
I haven't been feeling like myself since last month.
Last month, they had to lay off several hundred employees in the factory.
There were 20 more births than deaths in the town last month.
The average temperature in Oxford last month was 18C.
The proportion of sunny days to rainy days last month was 4 to 1.
We didn't have much rain last month.
We had a lot of rain last month.
It was a very busy month last month.
We had little rain last month.
It was very cold last month.
We had uncertain weather last month.
Our grocery bill soared last month because of higher vegetable prices.
Last month they had a lot of rain in France.
The boss caught me napping today when he asked me about that XYZ project we worked on last month.
A burglar broke into the convenience store last month, but I heard the police caught him yesterday.
I heard from him last month.
Last month he had his house painted white.
I forgot that I met her last month.
I wrote to her last month.
I had a bladder infection last month.
A man of vision will make good in the end.
I saw Michel last week. He'd been sick for a week.
A terrible thing happened last week.
My wife had a baby last week.
I read few books last week.
I read a few books last week.
We gave a ball last week.
Didn't I give you 10,000 yen a week ago?
Last week five students were absent from class.
I've been meditating on what you said last week.
Have you finished reading the book I lent you last week?
The promise I made to you last week still holds true.
I am glad to have helped you last week.
I wrote to Mr Wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm.
There's been a constant stream of complaint calls since last week.
Father complains of having been busy since last week.
I bought it last week.
Last week the powerful Keidanren called on Tokyo to lift the ban.
There were some three thousand people who took part in the strike last week.
Do you know how many people turned up at the dance last week?
On last week's English test, my score was worse than hers.
Last week's meeting was the longest we have had this year.
It has been fine since last Friday.
We had the meeting in this room last Friday.
We had flooding because of last week's heavy rains.
It has been raining since last Monday.
I visited him this day last week.
I saw an exciting baseball game last Saturday.
Not a few students came to the concert last Saturday.
Were you at the theater last Saturday?
It has been raining since last Saturday.
I went shopping last Saturday.
When I met Hanako last Sunday, she said she had returned three days before.
It has been raining since last Sunday.
I remembered riding home in a pickup truck last Sunday.
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday.
What did you do last Sunday?
It has been raining since last Thursday.
I ran into Mary at a party last week.
I was very busy last week.
Last week I gained another five pounds.
Up to last week, I hadn't received a reply.
I took a day off last week.
Who was absent from school last week?
The other day I met Meg in Kyoto.
Let's resume reading where we left off last week.
We visited the museum last week.
The eel I caught last week is still alive.
I had him paint the gate last week.
I met his sister last week.
We took an examination in math last week.
I still owe my brother the ten dollars that he lent me last week.
He won the prize this day week.
He was sick last week.
Last week, I mailed him some souvenirs from the U.S.
I had to write a paper on the Space Age last weekend.
The leaders of seven industrial democracies will meet in Okinawa in 2000.
The countries should aid the countries much more.
Advanced countries must give aid to developing countries.
While the birth rate is intended to be decreased in developing countries, that of developed nations is selfishly planned to be increased, resulting in the difficulty of getting mutual consent.
The first blow is half the battle.
Rabbi, you are the Son of God; you are the King of Israel.
Thank you, Doctor.
Doctor, please give this child first aid.
Thank you very much, doctor.
Sir, do we have to write in ink?
Rabbi, that man who was with you on the other side of the Jordan - the one you testified about - well, he is baptizing, and everyone is going to him.
I won't ever talk in class again.
I have a stomachache, doctor.
Doctor, cure me.
Do I have to bring my son to your office, Doctor?
Professor, what do you think of the situation in the Middle East?
Rabbi, we know you are a teacher who has come from God.
Here comes our teacher.
I recognized the teacher at once, because I had met him before.
The teacher will illustrate how to do it.
The teacher interpreted the sentence for us.
The teacher cannot have said such a thing.
The teacher had a bad cold.
Not all teachers behave like that.
The teacher is coming along.
While the teacher was teaching, the students slept.
My teacher put in a good word for me.
Everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination.
Our teacher had hardly finished the class when the bell rang.
A teacher is sitting among the pupils.
I saw the teacher walk across the street.
When the teacher started shouting, they dropped what they were doing and ran out.
The teacher intervened in the quarrel between the two students.
They carried on talking even after the teacher came in.
Stop talking when the teacher comes in.
She stood up when her teacher came in.
Hardly had the teacher entered the room when we stopped chatting.
There comes our teacher.
There comes our teacher. He is walking very slowly.
The teachers could not decide where to build the new schoolhouse.
The teachers were divided on the issue.
The teachers assembled their classes in the gymnasium.
Even the teacher could not solve the problem.
Even a teacher can make mistakes.
He is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
There are teachers and then there are teachers.
The teacher and I sat face to face.
Can I speak to the doctor?
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.
Tell the teacher your name.
Did you inform your teacher of this?
Ask your teacher where to place the accent.
To the professor, she was a joy to teach.
Now I am a teacher, I think otherwise.
I will tell the teacher all about it.
There are teachers and teachers.
Please remember me to your teacher.
After I had handed in my report to the teacher, I had to start writing another.
When the teacher called on me all of a sudden I got confused and kept stumbling as I spoke.
I gave an answer that was way out in left field when the teacher caught me off-guard and called on me.
Can the doctor see me this week?
Let's have our composition corrected by the teacher.
Why don't you ask your teacher for advice?
Why do you not ask your teacher for advice?
I couldn't care less if the teacher is mad at me.
Let's ask the teacher.
You must pay attention to the teacher.
I wish I could speak English the way my teacher does.
You must pay attention to what your teacher says.
I don't understand what the teacher said.
Attend to what your teacher says.
My teacher's word often come back to me.
The teacher's words put Mary in a cold sweat.
He was confounded at the sight of the teacher.
You had better yield to your teacher's advice.
We couldn't help laughing at the teacher's joke.
You should act on your teacher's advice.
In spite of the teacher's warning, the lazy boy comes late as often as not.
I found out about a back-door registration technique from his secretary.
The teacher's name was Mr Grey.
According to our teacher, she entered the hospital.
The teacher's talk stimulates Mary to study harder.
The teacher asked me how the moon differs from the earth.
The teacher suggested that we go to the library to study.
Our teacher made us clean the room.
The teacher, waving his hand, called to me.
The teacher told his pupils not to forget that lesson.
The teacher will call us when he's ready.
Our teacher said that water boils at 100C.
The teacher went on talking for two hours.
I guess our teacher is over fifty years old.
The teacher pointed out your mistakes.
The teacher spoke too fast for us to understand.
The teacher sat on the chair.
Our teacher showed us different kinds of flowers and told us in passing that those flowers came from her garden.
It seems the teacher was disappointed.
The teacher scolded her class for being noisy.
The teacher read a passage from the Bible to the class.
The teacher stood before the class.
The teacher controls the class, usually standing in front of the students and lecturing to them during the lesson.
I wonder if the teacher works here.
The teacher lulled us into thinking that we had won.
The teacher said that we must memorize these idioms.
The teacher told us that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
The teacher gave John a prize.
The teacher was immediately at work correcting that day's test.
Our teacher lives close by.
The teacher told us that over and over again.
The teacher reminded us to study hard for the test.
The teacher was far from satisfied with the result.
The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.
The teacher interpreted the passage of the poem.
The teacher praised the boy for his honesty.
The teacher permitted the boy to go home.
The teacher pointed out the pupil's mistakes.
The teacher took notice of the student's mistake.
The teacher was impatient with the idle fellow.
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.
My teacher warned me not to do it again.
The teacher distributed the leaflets.
My teacher told me to turn in my paper as soon as possible.
The teacher handed out the tests.
The teacher singled out Tanaka for praise.
The teacher asked me which book I liked.
The teacher praised me for working very hard.
The teacher concluded that Tom would pass the exam.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absences from class.
The teacher talked on and on.
The teacher stressed the importance of taking notes.
The teacher dismissed his class when the bell rang.
The teacher gave out the test papers after the bell rang.
The teacher, not having heard the bell, didn't stop talking.
The teacher got quite well again.
The teacher got well again.
The teacher told Mary to hold her tongue.
Our teacher ran through the important points again.
The teacher is busy looking over our tests.
The teacher punished her students for using bad words.
The teachers teach all day long.
The teacher may say nothing, grading the students on how much they participate, what they add to the discussion, and their leadership of it.
Our teacher told us to go out into the ground at once.
The teacher was very fair when she marked our exams.
The teacher illustrated his theory with pictures.
The teacher ran up the stairs.
The teacher caught a student cheating in the exam.
The teacher was surrounded by her students.
The teacher criticized his students' compositions.
The teacher tried to interest the students in current events.
The teacher encouraged the students with praise.
The teacher looked around the classroom and started to talk.
The teacher ordered the classroom to be cleaned.
Our teacher seemed surprised.
The teacher wore a harsh expression on his face.
The teacher wrote French words on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote English sentences on the blackboard.
The teacher pointed to the blackboard.
The doctor is not available now.
The teacher finished today's lesson.
The teacher quizzed his pupils on English.
Our teacher will give us difficult problems.
Teachers help to form the minds of children.
The teacher told the kids to be quiet.
The teacher took part in the children's games.
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.
The teacher assuaged some work to every child.
The teacher tried to accustom the children to school.
The teacher corrected the composition that I had prepared.
The teacher allowed me to leave school early.
The teacher didn't permit me to leave early.
The teacher let me off for being late.
The teacher was quite candid about my chances of entering Tokyo University.
My teacher encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
The teacher told us to stop chattering.
The teacher recommended this dictionary to us.
The teacher showed us how to use a computer.
The teacher made us repeat the word.
The teacher gave us a lot of homework.
Our teacher urged us to study harder.
Our teacher told us what to read.
Our teacher told us that we should do our best.
The teacher gave us homework.
The teacher admonished us that we should be silent.
The teacher told us to be quiet.
The teacher tells us to clean our classroom every day.
The teacher assented to our plan.
The teacher corrects our exercises.
The teacher mixed up our names.
Our teacher called our names in turn.
Our teacher separated us into two groups.
It seems that the teacher mistook me for my older brother.
The teacher asked me if I was ready, adding that everybody was waiting for me at the school gate.
The teacher told me to stand up.
The teacher said to me, "Get out!"
The teacher insisted that I should study in college.
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.
My teacher told me to read as much as I could.
The teacher told me study harder.
The teacher allotted the longest chapter to me.
The teacher began to shoot questions at me.
The teacher warned me not to be late for school.
The teacher asked me a difficult question.
The teacher encouraged me to study abroad.
My teacher wrote a recommendation for me.
The teacher pointed out several mistakes in my English composition.
My teacher drove me home.
My teacher looked over my composition.
The teacher has three times as many books as I do.
The teacher compared my poem with one of his.
The teacher excused me from the examination.
The teacher gave me full marks for math.
The teacher listened attentively to my explanation.
The teacher was disappointed at my answer.
The teacher patted me on the back.
The teacher noted several mistakes in my recitation.
My teacher had me standing in the classroom.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to go with her.
The teacher taught us that we should always do our best.
Our teacher told us when to start.
Our teacher had us learn the poem by heart.
Our teacher has often told us not to idle away our time.
The teacher assigned us ten problems for homework.
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet.
Our teacher said to us, "Don't leave the room."
Our teacher advanced the date of the exam.
Our teacher dwelt on the importance of punctuality.
The teacher wrote his name on the blackboard.
Our teacher called the roll at the beginning of the class.
The teacher caught the student sleeping in class.
The teacher called the roll.
The teacher called the roll in class.
The teacher let the boy go home.
The teacher explained the new lesson at length to the students.
Our teacher likes his new car.
The teacher found a pupil cheating in the examination.
The teacher made the students learn the long English poem by heart.
The teacher told the pupils to put those words down in their notebooks.
The teacher distributed the handouts to the students.
The teacher urged the students to answer more clearly.
The teacher admonished his pupils for carelessness.
The teacher gathered his students around him.
The teacher amused the pupils.
The teacher asked the students to practice the dialogue in pairs.
The teacher acknowledged the pupil with a smile.
A teacher must be fair with his students.
The teacher pointed out the grammatical errors made by the students.
The teacher didn't let the students ask any questions.
The teacher put on a crown of flowers which was made by her pupils.
The teacher called each student by name.
The teacher scolded the student for no reason.
Teachers should deal fairly with their pupils.
The teacher wrote a short comment on each student's paper.
The teacher treated all the students fairly.
The teacher did not permit the students to leave the lecture hall.
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.
The teacher declined to let the lazy boy attend his class.
The teacher said that World War II broke out in 1939.
The teacher taught them that the earth is round.
The teacher said that the earth is round.
He gently took the paper out of her hands and said, "It's time to rest."
Our teacher seemed angry.
The teacher looked over the papers.
The teacher is busy marking papers.
The teacher looked over the exam papers.
The teacher is busy looking over the examination papers.
The teacher put a short comment on each paper.
The teacher collected the papers.
The teacher particularly emphasized that point.
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
The teacher opened the box and took out a ball.
His teacher gave it to him straight for breaking the chair.
The teacher permitted him to go home.
The teacher told him to rewrite his essay.
The teacher told him to study English hard.
The teacher allowed him to go home.
A teacher was advised to him.
The teacher pushed him for an answer.
The teacher approved his plan.
The teacher was surprised at the extent of his knowledge.
The teacher has marked his name absent.
The teacher told them not to swim in the river.
The teacher let him go home.
The teacher made him stay after school.
The teacher blamed her for the mistake.
The teacher gave her much information about the university.
The teacher didn't do her justice.
Her teacher praised her.
The teacher asked me to read my paper in front of the class.
My teacher recommended me to read Shakespeare.
The teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book.
The teacher stressed the importance of daily practice.
The teacher didn't mind explaining the problem again.
The teacher distributed the question papers.
Their teacher got them together at the gate.
His teacher should be strict with him.
Hinata criticized her teacher unfairly and the teacher became sick.
It's about my husband, doctor; he sleeps badly.
The teachers debated the problem with the parents.
Your teachers always speak well of your work.
Please line up in order of arrival.
The first batter up got a base hit.
Forgive me for interrupting you the other day.
You must have been surprised to meet me in such a place the other day.
The other day, something horrible happened in the busy square.
I grabbed as much SIMM as possible in the computer shop the other day. Say what you like, it was more than just enthusiasm.
The other day I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school and happened to find a book I had been looking for for a long time.
The other day we went to ask after his brother.
The other day I saw an old friend of mine.
The other day I visited the museum.
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
He visited her house the other day.
The other day, I got a call from her.
She came to see me the other day.
The other day I came across a book that you might like.
Have you finished reading the book I lent you the other day?
I bought a camera the other day.
I want to apologize for the other day.
At the party the other night, my brother drank a bit too much and passed out.
Thank you for all your help the other day.
Forgive me for interrupting the other day.
Thank you for the other day.
I met an old friend of mine the other day.
The other day, I met him in Kyoto.
I met again the girl who I had met in the park the other day.
I met the girl in the park the other day, and I saw her again.
He had three-day measles the other day.
The other day I saw the girl.
I ran across an ex-boyfriend of mine in town the other day.
I met him on the street the other day.
The other day we had a telephone call from a man whose wife was going to have a baby.
I bought a watch the other day. It keeps good time.
Have you found the umbrella which you said you had lost the other day?
The other day I attended a class reunion of my elementary school.
I bumped into an old friend for the first time in ten years on the Shinkansen the other day.
I should like to introduce to you the gentleman I spoke of the other day.
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.
I met my teacher on the street the other day.
I want you to return the book I lent you the other day.
What he told us the other day simply doesn't make sense, does it?
I met him the other day.
I received her letter the other day.
When I met her the other day she asked of my parents.
She asked after my parents' health when I met her the other day.
The other day her mother passed away in the hospital.
She went to the cinema the other day.
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.
He had a roundworm in his stool the other day.
Your party doesn't answer.
Your party is on the line.
What's the number of the party you are trying to reach?
And the name of the person you're calling, please?
I regret that a previous engagement prevents me from accepting your kind invitation.
If you add one hundred to one thousand, you get eleven hundred.
Can you break a 1000 yen bill?
It was not until Chikako left me that I realized how much I loved her.
There were toward a thousand people.
As many as a thousand people were there.
Cut into long thin strips.
Chiyonofuji carried all before him.
Kanako commutes from Chiba to Tokyo.
A fortune-teller read my hand.
You can say that the circumstances were thus in the period leading up to the declaration of war.
The reason for declaring war is not certain.
The advertising campaign generated a lot of business for the company.
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.
Scott, prepare the advertising budget right now!
The tyrant kept the people down.
Under the reign of tyranny, innocent people were deprived of their citizenship.
Our managing director is incompatible with the president.
I was delighted to hear of your promotion to Senior Managing Director.
Specialized libraries collect writings about art.
The expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
As may be expected of an expert, he's well versed in the field.
Even specialists do not understand this incredible accident.
According to an expert, neither mountaineering nor skiing is dangerous.
A panel of experts discussed the plan.
Experts put a high valuation on the painting.
The expert appraised the watch at $200.
Written in technical terms, this book is very difficult to understand.
It's really fast with a dedicated line.
A river divides the town.
The river is running dry.
The river runs through the town.
The river flowed over its banks.
The river flooded a large area.
I got soaked boating down river.
The man swimming in the river is my friend.
Who is the boy swimming in the river?
Did you catch any fish in the river?
There is a village between the river and the hill.
A mist hung over the river.
There was no water in the river.
Walk along the river and you will find the school.
A bridge was built across the river.
They're constructing a bridge over the river.
Let's go and swim in the river.
Don't throw a stone into the river.
Bear south until you reach the river.
As he was about to fall into the river, he took hold of the tree.
The water is deep in this part of the river.
The river was shallow at that point.
We set up the tent next to the river.
We saw a dim light beyond the river.
Swim across to the other side of the river.
A vast plain extends beyond the river.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
The place where a river starts is its source.
The river is five feet deep.
The water of the river was very clear.
A bank was built to keep back the water of the river.
The level of the river rose little by little.
The river is very low.
The river bends slightly to the right here.
The river is shallow here. We can walk across.
The river meets another below this bridge.
The river is widest at this point.
The river is deep here.
The river is no longer as clean as it used to be.
The river flows into the lake.
The river descends from the mountains to the bay below.
The river rose by degrees.
The river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
The river branches three kilometers below the town.
The river supplies cities and villages with water.
The river was cloudy with silt.
Just because a river is beautiful doesn't mean that it is precious.
The riverside bristles with factory chimneys.
May I go to the river?
He went fishing in the river.
It is very important for us to love a river.
They were out of breath after swimming across the river.
I attempted to swim across the river.
There is a beautiful walk along the river.
He said, "Let's take a walk along the river."
Several men are fishing from the riverbank.
There are a lot of factories in Kawasaki.
The stream becomes shallower as you move upriver.
As the river become broader, the current moved slowly.
The river suddenly narrows at this point.
Battle's never proven peace.
We will win the day.
The war went against the country.
The battle ended in a triumph for the Romans.
The battle is not always to the strong.
The fight is over.
War arouses the animal in man.
It took many torpedo hits to send the battleship Bismarck to Davy Jones's locker.
The war is going in our favor.
The war situation was desperate.
After the war, the diligence and the saving of the Japanese gave an impression which is strong in the American.
The postwar has experienced several long periods of continuous strong prosperity, among which are the Jinmu Boom and the Iwato boom.
Fewer people have come to wear hats after the war.
Shortly after the war my father bought a new house, in which I was born.
After the war most of the highways were in urgent need of repair.
Many foreign customs were introduced into Japan after the war.
A great change has come about after the war.
After the war, the idea of democracy spread throughout Japan.
Since the war, Japan has advanced greatly in science and technology.
Happening in wartime, this would amount to disaster.
During the war, he served in the army.
During the war, we often had to make do without sugar.
The government rationed meat during the war.
Tanks and planes may defeat the troops but they cannot conquer the people.
Why don't you try a different tack?
Ceremonies were held to celebrate victories.
The victorious country dictated the terms of peace to the defeated country.
The battlefield was full of the dead and the dying.
I went to Europe before the war.
There is no telling when the war will end.
The war diminished the wealth of the country.
I hope the time will soon come when there would be no more war.
He was living in London when the war broke out.
I hope war doesn't break out.
May there be no war!
There's a possibility of war.
It is hoped that the war will end before long.
War bankrupted the nation's resources and manpower.
We had lived there for ten years when the war broke out.
She had to part with her family when the war began.
He had heard that war had started, but it didn't sink in for a long time until his father was drafted into the army.
It was after four years that the war came to an end.
The year the war ended, I was born.
War suddenly broke out.
How old were you when the war broke out?
Make love, not war.
The war wasted the country.
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars.
The war brought their research to an end.
War compelled soldiers to go to the front.
There is a threat of war.
When it comes to war, they are as brave as anyone.
The accompaniments of the war are misery and sorrow.
Misery and sorrow accompany war.
Have you heard the latest news about the war?
The infantry soldier is only a pawn in the game of war.
The time may come when we will have no war.
The day will come when there will be no war.
Bonds were issued to finance a war.
It is our ardent hope that the war will end soon.
Their plans blew up when the war broke out.
The war broke out in 1939.
War broke out in 1939.
The war ended in 1945.
The war brought about death and destruction in the city.
The war brought ruin to the country.
The war made the country poor.
War must be avoided at all costs.
The war lasted nearly ten years.
The war is still going on.
War doesn't make anybody happy.
War results only in senseless and violent destruction.
We must avoid war by all possible means.
War concerns us all.
War causes terrible miseries.
The war had entered its final stage.
War has taken away our happiness and replaced it with horror.
Wars bring scars.
War is destruction of human life.
They were unanimous that the war should be brought to a halt.
War is not inevitable.
War necessarily causes unhappiness.
The war ushered in a period of shortages and deprivation.
War has produced famine throughout history.
The war ended in victory for the Allied Powers.
Nothing is worse than war.
What do you think of war?
Shelters have been built in fear of war.
What is the best way to put an end to the war?
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.
After the war, Britain had many colonies.
During the war, people went through many hardships.
Prices were strictly regulated during the war.
During the war, we had to do without sugar.
We had many bitter experiences during the war.
We had terrible times during the war.
Many families had lost their savings during the war and had nothing to fall back on.
Many atrocities were committed during the war.
He went through many horrible days in the war.
During the war, America tried to stop trading with England.
After the battle they delivered the town to the enemy.
He was wounded in the fight.
Combat soldiers during peaceful moments like to reminisce of their halcyon days.
The battle robot JA went berserk.
The fighter has taken off for a state of emergency.
Peace-keeping troops moved in to restore calm after the battle.
I want the fan.
The fountain sends hot water to a height of 170 feet.
I may not have much to offer in the way of learning or ability, but I want to do whatever I can for us all and humbly ask for your favor.
Mt. Asama is now dormant.
Mt. Asama is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
There are many foreign tourists in Asakusa.
Ms. Asada was appointed chairperson.
Go and help wash up, will you?
It needs washing.
If you wash it, your car will shine in the sun.
Even if you wash it, the color won't come out.
Help me with the wash.
Do you have a laundry service?
Can I use the laundry any time?
Washing clothes is my work.
The washing machine facilitates my housework.
Washing machines spare housewives a lot of trouble.
Tell me how to use the washing machine.
Something is wrong with the washing machine.
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.
The laundry room is in the basement.
Looking at the pile of laundry, I sighed.
Would you please sort out all the white clothes from the wash?
The washing is still damp wet.
Has the wash come back yet?
Is my laundry ready?
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry?
Please bring in the washing.
Bring the laundry in.
Would you like it washed?
I'd like to make an appointment for a shampoo and a set.
The water in the basin has frozen solid.
The towels are dirty.
When the sign on the door of a rest room says OCCUPIED, it means someone is using it.
When I unplugged the bathroom sink, the water gushed down the drain.
What are the marks that distinguish the cultured man?
There is no wool so white that a dyer can't make it black.
He is the only man I know who can dive but not swim.
The submarine sank, never to rise again.
The divers can gather pearls with no danger.
Please step back and keep behind the line.
The train was derailed by a piece of iron on the track.
Circumstances surrounding the textile industry have changed.
Mr Masuzoe always has lots of books with him.
The ship was afloat at last.
The ship went up in flames.
The ship soon came into view.
When the ship arrives in port it makes the people unsettled.
The ship gradually came in sight.
The ship appeared on the horizon.
The boats collided head on.
The ship is sinking.
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones's locker.
The ship turned upside down and many passengers were thrown into the sea.
She was waiting at the quay as the ship came in.
The ship rode over the waves.
You had better have gone by ship.
I'd like to sail around the world.
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun, isn't it?
Traveling by ship gives us great pleasure.
Traveling by boat takes longer than going by car.
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun.
It is dull to travel by ship.
The ship had three decks.
Being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned.
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat.
The ship vanished over the horizon.
The course of the ship was straight east.
The ship loaded in two days.
The ship is sailing at three.
The ship dropped anchor.
I believe the ship will arrive on schedule.
The ship took on additional passengers.
The ship approached the shore by degrees.
The ship went through the Suez Canal.
The ship was soon out of sight.
Ships can't rival aircraft for speed.
The ship was unloaded at the port.
The ship sailed up the Thames.
The boat was rolling down the river.
The ship discharged its cargo in Panama.
The ship went through the Panama Canal.
The ship set sail for Bombay.
The ship was on the point of arriving at her destination.
The ship is bearing due north.
A ship was out of sight soon.
The ship at length reached the home port.
The ship was wrecked on a sunken reef.
The ship touched at Yokohama.
The ship is now in dock for a refit.
The ship sailed along the coast.
The ship sank to the bottom of the sea.
The ship was abreast of the shore.
The boat moved slowly away from the quay.
The ship was wrecked on the rocks.
The ship swayed in the strong wind.
The ship scudded before a heavy gale.
The boat passed under the bridge.
The ship will arrive by five o'clock.
The ships reached port.
The ships left the port never to be seen again.
The ship was at sea.
The ship was ready to sink any time.
The ship is arriving in San Francisco this evening.
The ship will cross the equator tonight.
The ship sailed along the coast of Shikoku.
The ship went off.
The ship set sail only to be wrecked two days after.
Ships carry lifeboats so that the crew can escape.
The ship sank with all her crew on board.
The ship cast anchor at Kobe.
The ship changed its course.
The ship sailed down the channel.
The ship is sailing to the west.
The ship sailed down the river.
Down under the sea went the ship with all her crew.
The ship was sailing at full speed.
The ship made for the Pacific Ocean.
The ship performed well in the heavy storm.
The ship left ahead of time.
The boat sank to the bottom.
The ship wound in and out among the islands.
The steamer wound in and out among the islands.
The ship is at the mercy of the waves.
The boat plowed the waves.
The ship cut her way through the waves.
The ship was locked in ice.
The ship was at the mercy of the wind and the waves.
The ship struck northward.
The boat sailed around the promontory.
The ship reached its destination in safety.
The boat was swallowed up in the fog.
The ship is arriving in harbor tomorrow morning.
The ship is about to sail for Manila tomorrow.
The ship proceeded to her destination.
The ship arrived at the port on schedule.
The ship rolled from side to side in the storm.
Ships and helicopters left for the spacemen's rescue.
Sailing a boat makes us happy.
Abandon ship!
The sailors were at the mercy of the weather.
All the skill of the sailors fell before the violence of the storm.
The sailors abandoned the burning ship.
No passengers are allowed on the bridge.
The freight on the ship got soaked.
The men on board were surprised to see five men on the island.
He is thinking of going to sea.
As is usual with a sailor, he likes liquor very much.
All the skill of the sailors gave way to the violence of the storm.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
It must have been broken during shipping.
Would you please inform me of the expected shipping date?
How many people are on board the ship?
Captains have responsibility for ship and crew.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
The captain assured us that there would be no danger.
The captain told us to get off the ship.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
The captain controls the whole ship.
The captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship.
The captain was so angry he refused to give the crew shore leave.
The captain breathed new life into his tired crew.
The ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal.
The ship touched ground.
It is not certain if Mr Funada will join the new party.
There were no signs of disorder in the ship.
How much will it cost by sea mail?
Send this by sea mail.
Some people cannot bear traveling by sea.
Traveling by sea is a lot of fun.
For choice, I'll take this one.
I would take French, for choice.
The only alternatives are success and death.
The alternatives are liberty and death.
Whatever you pick is fine.
In most elections, whichever candidate gets the majority of the votes, wins the election.
You must appeal to public opinion to win the election.
The election gave the party a role in the government.
The media has a lot of influence on the outcome of an election.
The result of the election will be announced tomorrow.
What was the outcome of the election?
The outcome of the election is doubtful.
The result of the election will soon be analyzed.
The results of the election will appear in the evening paper.
It is difficult to calculate the results of the election.
Everyone was glued to the TV set as the election results came in.
The campaign seems to be going like a bomb.
The campaign succeeded and she won the election.
Attempts to redraw voting districts have hit a wall of opposition.
Some women longed to have the right to vote.
Some politicians never make good on campaign promises.
The political campaign has turned into a dirty fight at last.
The voters won't put up for a tax hike.
Voters are taking out their frustrations at the polls.
Players were limited in what they could and could not do to get and keep the ball.
The athletes fell far short of our expectations.
All the players did their best.
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules.
The player was pleased with his victory.
The players must abide by the rules.
Players must adhere to the rules of the game.
Every player did his best.
The athletes sat around killing time, waiting for their game to start.
The players scrambled for the ball.
All the players were in position.
The players marched triumphantly across the field.
The players were in high spirits after the game.
The players have to abide by the umpire's decision.
The players were terribly excited over winning the pennant.
The choice is all up to you.
Making a choice always means making a sacrifice, giving up one thing for another.
Take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves.
The use of bright colors is one of the features of his paintings.
The bright red flowers stood out among the greens.
You ran into him earlier, didn't you?
I have met her before.
I heard that song before.
I found him easily, because I had met him once before.
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.
I couldn't recognize him, not having met him before.
Move along, please.
She had three DPT shots before.
I apologize for not writing to you before.
As was mentioned before, this is my basic idea.
I remember seeing him before.
As I had met him before, I recognized him at once.
The former captain was superior to the present one.
Do you feel equal to meeting your ex-husband?
Move up to the front, please.
I hope my last mail didn't sound too harsh.
All you're doing is trying to escape reality.
We took up that problem at the last meeting.
I wore several hats at my last office so I'd like to specialize this time.
He had had his old one for more than ten years.
The previous tenant took excellent care of her apartment.
Form a line one meter away from the one in front of you.
A chauffeur sat in front.
We had much snow last winter.
I didn't have a good time last Sunday.
Please fill up the front.
Step forward and make room for others.
Thanking you in anticipation.
You must pay in advance.
I'll let you know beforehand.
Thanks in advance.
Examine the pile of documents in advance.
You should buy your ticket in advance.
I would have set aside the day for it if you'd told me ahead of time.
It is essential to reserve your seat in advance.
Get ready in advance.
Reserve a seat in advance.
We must make arrangements with them beforehand.
You have to pay in advance.
We should have made a careful plan in advance.
It is necessary that we make a reservation in advance.
You had better make a reservation in advance.
Confirm your reservation in advance.
Don't forget to confirm your reservation in advance.
That's really great!
You look much better.
Minutes of the previous meeting were accepted.
I had a good report last term.
See above.
You need to pay in advance.
Can you pay me in advance?
Do I have to leave a deposit?
I haven't seen Karen since we fell out last month.
My front tooth fell out.
The solution of one may prove to be the solution of the other.
Many support the former alternative, but I prefer the latter.
The former is better than the latter.
Not to advance is to go back.
They were waiting for the go-ahead.
A sense of trouble ahead oppressed his spirits.
Let me introduce a promising young writer to you.
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before.
Do you sell advance tickets here?
Don't cut it too short in the front.
Do you want me to pay in advance?
Do I have to pay in advance?
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
I see a red car ahead.
I had an enlarged prostate.
The unprecedented drought did severe damage to the wheat harvest.
The charge for a front row seats is 5 dollars.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
To be a good teacher, you must know how to make the most of what your students have.
It is not always easy to distinguish good from evil.
It is "doubt" that turns good into bad.
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.
I'll have to go and see what I can do.
The good will not necessarily prosper.
A good person is a moral person.
The good die young.
Honest men and knaves may possibly wear the same cloth.
Not all good men will prosper.
Does goodness charm more than beauty?
Goodness is abstract, a kind act is concrete.
A good citizen obeys the laws.
Yes. You're absolutely right.
He is just an ordinary person.
I think you're quite right.
It's quite all right.
I do hope so.
Certainly.
So she does.
I'm just starving.
I'm completely cast down!
Really, you are so mean.
Really, you are so mean!
That is not altogether bad.
No two words are identical in meaning.
How lonely and helpless she must feel left all by herself!
He is utterly impossible.
That is not all together false.
I'm so happy for you.
You're quite right.
He has plenty of cheek.
It's beautiful weather, isn't it?
I couldn't agree with you more.
You can teach good manners to children without resorting to punishment.
I've had just about enough of her.
We sat in total silence.
Is everything okay?
I don't like all of them.
Everything went smoothly.
In all matters, safety first!
Taking all things into consideration, I have made up my mind to give up the idea.
I got a season's pass to all the home games.
All the members made much of her opinion.
Through him all things were made.
Every member must attend.
All educated Americans, first or last, go to Europe.
All the trainees share the burden of toil.
Not all the laws of nature are correct.
Please answer all the questions.
It is by no means easy to satisfy everyone.
Every means has not been tried.
All books may be divided into two classes.
Every boy and girl knows Columbus.
Every boy and girl is taught to read and write.
It's important that everybody should be told all the facts.
You cannot please everyone.
All forms of life have an instinctive urge to survive.
All the students are present.
All the students look up to their homeroom teacher.
Not every student has a dictionary.
What is the total price with all taxes included?
It was very stuffy in that room with all the windows closed.
All big cities have traffic problems.
All knowledge is not good.
All the soldiers were called out by the king to defend the castle against all opposition.
It is the audience which really determines both the matter and manner of every broadcast.
All hope is gone.
It all began a year ago when he returned home.
All are concerned with changing the role of women in contemporary society.
All is over.
Everything hangs on his answer.
All things considered, we cannot say that he is wrong.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and support your old parents.
Everything was done in accordance with the rules.
I like none of them.
Do everything according to the cookbook.
The whole company stood in silence for a few moments, as a tribute to the dead.
Everyone has to learn the word by heart.
It's essential that everyone obeys the rules.
The entire crew takes pride in its work.
All were present.
All were imprisoned by the Allies after the war and later sentenced to death or given long prison terms for war crimes.
All the people praised him for his honesty.
I am only too glad to hear that all of them are safe and sound in the rescue boat.
Everybody without exception must take the test.
All of us got into the car.
Everybody took his position.
They all sang in chorus.
We are fifteen in all.
I decided to take his side against the others.
They agreed with one accord.
All are present.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
Be quiet, all of you.
Almost one-third of all office workers wear spectacles.
All students have access to the library.
The company, wholly owned by NTT, is doing well.
All of the factories are nearing capacity.
The whole school agreed to the proposal.
The student body is opposed to the new rules.
The National Center for Education Information says a predicted teacher shortage won't pan out because teachers who left the profession are returning.
We have been visited by a nation-wide economic boom.
The entire nation was glad at the news.
The whole nation mourned the hero's death.
The whole nation voted in the election.
The whole nation wants peace.
The whole nation cringed before this dictator in fear.
A curfew was imposed on the city.
The city was all flame.
The whole population turned out in welcome.
The city was alarmed by the earthquake.
The office is having a farewell party.
We will post the announcement in all the staff lounges.
All the papers featured the case.
I am all ears.
My whole body is sore.
I felt a burning sensation all over.
For all mans sins damned we shall be.
The whole world could be destroyed by an atomic war.
The whole world was involved in the war.
The whole Earth was shocked.
The whole world hungers for peace.
All the world is divided into three types of people - finger-users, chopstick-users, and fork-users.
The overall output was tons.
It is well known that up to the middle of the last century Japan was a feudal state.
All the players stood there with their arms folded.
It's no trouble at all.
I have no idea.
I never did like it anyway.
Full speed ahead!
I must dash or I'll be late.
The whole village was consumed by the fire.
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
All in all, the excursion was pleasant.
As a whole his works are neither good nor bad.
All in all, we had a good time at the party.
All in all, the international conference was a success.
Taken altogether, the President's record isn't half bad.
The nation as a whole is in favor of political reform.
A whole is made up of parts.
The general situation is advantageous to us.
We've been fine, by and large.
Overall we are on schedule.
By and large, your idea is a good one.
All in all, I thought it was a good book.
Altogether, it was a success.
Cut it short all over.
The whole earth is the sepulchre of famous men.
He hasn't done badly, all in all.
By and large, this school is one of the best.
By and large, she is a very reliable person.
Please give me the money in twenty-dollar bills.
It looks like we have everything.
That's 150 dollars altogether.
We need twenty eggs all told.
There were fifty persons in all.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
There were only five people present altogether.
About one hundred and fifty dollars altogether.
I want all of the furniture taken to our house right away.
Not all the students went there.
I like him best of all the teachers.
Could you put all of them in a large bag?
The whole audience got up and started to applaud.
Put everything in my basket.
They are all my personal belongings.
You can't have dessert until you finish your meal.
Eat everything.
Shoot your wad.
To understand all is to forgive all.
Give it all you've got.
Fight with all your might.
If you put your best foot forward, you will succeed.
I'll try to explain it to the best of my ability.
Rest assured that I will do my best.
What matters is whether you do your best or not.
They say Zen cultivates our mind.
What? A little soup and celery is all I get? I'm not a Zen monk. I can't survive on an austerity diet like this.
My family came to live in Tokyo in my great-grandfather's time.
She will write to me as soon as she returns to her country.
The flag of his fatherland brought tears to his eyes.
My grandfather passed away three years ago.
My grandfather made the company what it is today.
After the initial shock of hearing of her grandfather's death, the girl started to cry.
It is ten years since my grandfather died.
My grandfather has made me what I am.
We named him Thomas after his grandfather.
My grandfather is planning to retire the year after next.
My grandfather died five years ago.
My grandfather is over eighty years old, but he is a good walker.
My grandfather died of a disease at eighty.
My grandfather is 90 years old and very lively.
My grandfather is in his nineties.
My grandfather lived to be ninety-nine years old.
My grandfather always sits in this chair.
My grandfather was always grumbling about something or other.
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick.
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he is alone.
My grandfather is still sound in mind and body.
My grandfather would often read and study at this desk.
My grandfather used to make furniture for himself.
My grandfather often nods over his newspaper.
My grandfather has lived in Kyoto for over 50 years, so he knows his way about.
My grandfather still endeavors to absorb new ideas.
Grandfather nodded toward me.
My grandfather nodded and smiled at me.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
My grandfather died shortly after my birth.
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life.
My grandfather tells us about old things.
My grandfather has snowy white hair.
My grandfather was wounded in the war.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
Because of his age, my grandfather doesn't hear well.
Grandfather is still very active for his age.
Grandfather has retired because he is getting old.
My grandfather is very healthy.
My grandfather does moderate exercise every morning, which is why he is strong and healthy.
My father takes a walk in the park.
Our grandparents would come to see us on the weekends.
My grandmother paid my way to Boston.
In my grandmother's lifetime, both telephones and computers have become commonplace.
Grandmother makes a practice of keeping early hours.
My grandmother's old watch has been lying in the drawer for years.
Grandma is three and a half times your age.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-five years old.
My grandmother can't see very well.
My grandmother is always complaining of the cold.
My grandmother is the oldest in this town.
My grandmother went peacefully in the night.
My grandmother was gradually becoming forgetful and frail.
Grandmother looked very well.
Grandmother carried the table by herself.
My grandmother can only eat soft food.
My grandmother speaks slowly.
My grandmother used to go out for a walk almost every day, but now she seldom, if ever, goes out.
Grandmother believes that Chinese medicines are the best.
My grandmother is very forgetful of things nowadays.
My grandmother passed away peacefully last night.
My grandmother had been sick for a week when I visited her.
My grandmother told me the story of Cinderella.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
My grandmother made me a new dress.
My grandmother walks faster than me, and plays tennis better than I do.
My grandmother is hard of hearing. In other words she is slightly deaf.
My grandmother never changed her style of living.
My grandmother became sick last week.
Grandmother mows the grass in the garden.
My grandmother left us a great fortune.
My grandmother wears a dress to rags.
My grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard.
My grandmother likes traveling by train.
Grandmother is bent double with age.
My grandmother has got old.
This is just a small gift, but please accept it.
Takuya swam naked as a jaybird.
Ah, wonderful.
I hope you'll have a great year.
Kudos for your outstanding achievement!
A wonderful idea just ran through my mind.
A wonderful idea occurred to me.
Hope you'll have a wonderful birthday.
All the best wishes on this wonderful day.
The United States is a paradise for almost every kind of sports, thanks to its wonderfully varied climate.
Anxious for a quick decision, the chairman called for a vote.
A fast child may win the race, but even a slow child can compete.
You can afford to speak frankly.
Frankly speaking, he is untrustworthy.
Frankly speaking, you made a mistake.
Frankly speaking, you haven't tried your best.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
I found a nice cup.
That's a nice tie you're wearing.
We had a glorious time.
Have a nice holiday.
You have done a wonderful job.
What a nice car you have! You must have paid a lot for it.
Those are nice gloves you have on.
A nice room, isn't it?
Forming a cabinet is difficult.
The union and the company have come to terms on a new contract.
It is improper to impose sanctions upon the union.
The leaders of the Union agitated for higher wages.
The union is pressing for a ten-percent pay hike.
The union won a 5% wage increase.
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
The union bargained with the management.
The union went out on a strike for an indefinite period.
The union members were up in arms.
From the viewpoint of tissue culture, the environment for this experiment should be more rigidly defined.
In the "Mafia" tradition of organized crime, any member who discloses its operation is sure to be rubbed out.
With the money Jack won from his lawsuit, he should be able to live on easy street.
The lawsuit remains undecided.
Rats desert a sinking ship.
You must exercise your imagination.
The Brown twins, both of whom got recently married, held a party.
It is sometimes difficult to tell twins apart.
Both sides had to compromise with each other.
It was a long war because neither side would give in.
You cannot learn the truth unless you hear what both parties have to say.
The warehouse was empty except for a piece of furniture.
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse?
Mr Miyake showed me lots of places during my stay in Kurashiki.
When is the pep rally?
I couldn't even guess.
Imagination is the root of all civilization.
I used my imagination.
I found what I was looking for.
I don't want the investigation to burn out.
Investigators uncovered an assassination plot.
The search party found him lying at the foot of a cliff.
May I use the vacuum cleaner?
Puppets work with wires.
To cut a long story short, he was fired.
You are early.
Why don't you have your bath now?
I hope you will answer soon.
It was her fate to die young.
Be quick! We haven't much time.
Make with the beers, I'm thirsty!
I'm sorry I couldn't write to you sooner.
I hope you get well soon.
Come home early, Bill.
I wrote him a letter and asked him to return home soon.
Come here soon.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back early.
You may go as long as you come home early.
Come home early.
Go home quickly.
You had best go home early.
Remind him to come home early.
Get up early, or you'll be late.
Get up early, else you'll be late for school.
You had better get up early.
If you get up early, you can be in time for school.
Get up early.
I hope you'll make up your mind quickly.
Sooner begun, sooner done.
If we begin early, we can finish by lunch.
I hope you'll recover quickly.
You have only to leave early to get a good seat.
Would it be better to start early?
Let's start early, shall we?
We agreed on an early start.
I suggested that we should start early.
I go to bed early so I can get up to capture the sunrise.
You've arrived too early.
I can't walk fast, but I can walk for a long time.
Get ready quickly.
Come quick!
He who laughs last laughs best.
His last lecture at Waseda brought down the house.
If you get up early, you will feel so much the better.
Get up early, and you'll be in time.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of the habit of early rising.
You should cultivate the habit of getting up early.
Getting up early is very good.
It is good to get up early.
I believe in rising early.
Early rising is good for the health.
It is good for the health to get up early.
Early rising is with him a matter of course.
It was his habit to rise early.
I believe in getting up early.
Prompt action is necessary.
It's necessary to discuss the problem without delay.
You must take action for their release quickly.
Don't jump to conclusions.
Soon learnt, soon forgotten.
All the early flowers were bitten by the frost.
Soon ripe, soon rotten.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
We all know that it's better to keep early hours.
To keep early hours makes you healthy.
Those who keep early hours are generally healthy.
One who keeps good hours will live long.
I'm used to keeping early hours.
Early to bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Keeping early hours is good for the health.
To keep early hours is fundamental to good health.
To keep early hours will do you much good.
Unless you keep early hours, you will injure your health.
You should keep early hours.
Keep early hours.
Those who keeps early hour will live long.
If you keep early hours, you may always be fresh as a daisy in the morning.
Mr Hayakawa was respected by him.
He walked quickly away with two dogs trotting at his heels.
Please accept our apologies for not filling your order sooner.
Anyway, to get to what I wanted to ask you...it's about the party. Are you free Friday?
It was been raining since early morning.
The dew falls in early morning.
It is nice to take a walk early in the morning.
Quick at meal, quick at work.
Sooner or later, we'll have to tackle the problem in earnest.
Sooner or later, he will run out of luck.
Sooner or later, she will appear.
Although the web looks soft and delicate, it is strong.
And though a web looks complicated, it takes a spider little time to make one and catch insects.
The dispute was settled peacefully.
If you want to become thin, you should cut back on the between-meal snacks.
In order to lose weight you had better take up some sport.
What will become of our close relations if the bilateral security treaty expires?
Mutual understanding makes for peace.
Mutual understanding promotes peace.
Despite their own scandals, the police continue to make arrests as though nothing had happened at all.
If the other person does mention his family, then it is perfectly OK to ask about the ages of the children, and if you have children, to compare educational and cultural differences in raising children.
She beat me. I had underestimated the power of a woman.
I long for company.
The opposing team did not put up much of a fight, so we won hands down.
We tied with the other team for first place.
The players had to throw the ball from one to another to try to get the ball over the other team's baseline.
The other team tried to keep them from crossing the line.
Beating the other team was no sweat at all.
He keeps on talking forever if you listen to him.
You need to show a genuine interest in the other person.
Don't say bad things about others behind their backs.
We thought it wrong not to listen to our opponents.
I want you to stop preying on people's weaknesses.
In order to distract the others, we brought up this irrelevant issue as a red herring.
Here's your party.
It's four against you. You'll be beaten up.
There was a short silence on the other end.
They want to choose their mates by their own will.
Is that the way you talk to me?
You must be deliberate in selecting a partner.
We determine our attitude on the basis of the other party.
Your party is on line.
What does the other party want?
People sharing a ride should refrain from conversation with other passengers.
Some speculators take advantage of the ignorance and helplessness of old people.
May I share this table with you?
The theory of relativity originated with Einstein.
Few scientists understand the theory of relativity.
Put our heads together.
Please come to talk to me.
We thought we might expect a good harvest.
Unless you have good credit, buying a house is impossible.
He is well advanced in life.
When two powerful forces with opposite ideals come face to face, it's time for a showdown.
You never change, do you?
You are at it again.
Same as usual.
I'm as busy as ever.
The important point concerning the complementary distribution is to specify the environment where the individual sounds occur.
Sumo is great fun; otherwise she wouldn't be interested in it.
Sumo is the traditional sport of Japan.
Have you ever watched sumo wrestling?
With the window broken, we could not keep the room warm.
Who's the naughty boy that broke the window?
Show me the stone that broke the window.
A beam of light through the window woke the professor up out of a deep sleep.
We have a good view of the sea from the window.
Do not look out the window.
Do not look out of the window.
Don't look out the window. Concentrate on your work.
A face appeared at the window.
Don't put your head out of the window.
The high building can be seen from the window.
You'll see a lot of high mountains through the window.
Don't stick your hand out of the window.
Don't put your hands out the window.
The morning sun came in the window.
See that the window is closed.
There were curtains hanging over the window.
There was a light burning in the window.
I saw a man's face in the window.
I wanted to meet and talk with the girl at the window.
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
I heard someone shout outside the window.
The noise outside his window prevented him from sleeping.
Look out of the window.
Looking out of the window, I saw a stranger at the doorstep.
Looking out the window, I saw a car coming.
Looking out of the window, I saw a rainbow.
Is there a desk by the window?
I saw a man's face inside the window.
They charged me for the broken window.
I looked in the direction of the window, but didn't see anything.
Her windows were broken and her shutters hung crookedly.
Both of the windows were broken.
Would you mind my opening the window?
Don't leave the window open.
Can I open the window?
Do you mind if I open the window?
Would you close the window?
Would you please shut the window?
Shall I close the window?
Didn't it occur to you to shut the windows?
May I ask you to close the window?
Was it Jack that broke the window?
When I opened the window, I saw children playing baseball.
Please keep the windows open.
Don't leave the room with the window open.
Don't sleep with the windows open.
Don't leave the windows open.
Open the window and let in some fresh air.
Open the window.
Do you mind opening the window?
Please open the window.
Open the window. It's baking hot in here.
Don't open the window.
Will you open the window and air out this stuffy room?
Do you mind if I open the window and let the smoke out?
Open the window, will you?
Open the windows to let in some air.
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room, please.
Let's open the window.
Don't punish him for breaking the window. He is not to blame.
Who broke the window?
A hammer was used to break the window.
After cleaning the windows, there always seems to be a visible trace of dirt.
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.
You had better close the window.
Shut the windows and keep that cold wind out.
Close the window.
Keep the window closed.
Would you mind closing the window?
Close the window, will you?
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.
Please close the window.
I was able to see him coming through the window.
Wouldn't you rather sit by the window?
Could we have a table by the window?
Make it a window seat please.
I'd like a table by the window.
Do you have a table near the window?
I'd like a window seat.
Do you have a window seat?
I'd like a window seat, please.
Did you request a seat by the window?
Would you like a window seat?
Participating in the general meeting raised my awareness of the new technologies in data transportation.
We make the total about $50.
The sum came to 3,000 yen.
The total amounted to 100 dollars.
A general election was in the air.
A general election will be held in May.
I've had full dentures for two years.
Do I have to have a full denture?
You have to have a full denture.
I don't want to get a full denture.
That company is doing very well in terms of total sales.
The minister had to resign.
The Prime Minister had resigned yesterday.
The Prime Minister has resigned.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement tomorrow.
The Prime Minister nominated him as Foreign Minister.
The bright child can tolerate failure.
The grass sprouts all over the garden.
There is frost on the grass.
Leave no stone unturned.
And he pointed to a bunch of high grass.
Attached is the draft compilation.
He wanted to know more about the flowers.
The smell of the flowers came in through the open windows of the bus.
The root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger.
What do you call a man who takes care of sheep in the field?
We can see wild animals lying in the grass.
The sacred ceremony was held in the magnificent temple.
It is traditional to wear black to a funeral.
I feel happiest when I'm running.
Run, or else you'll be late.
You won't be in time unless you run.
Any car will do, as long as it runs.
How about running?
I ran on and on and came in sight of a light.
Running is good for the health.
Don't run, walk slowly.
Running is good exercise.
You will soon come up with him if you run.
Is there a mileage charge?
Some runners drink water as they are running.
The runner was called out at third.
The runner had reached the halfway mark.
The farewell party will be given next week.
Frost touched the flower.
The frost did much harm to the crops.
Frost touched the flowers.
The frost killed all the flowers.
The hoarfrost has not begun to thaw yet.
The frost had a bad effect on the crops.
Frost is frozen dew.
The bus driver glared at us for shouting.
Don't make noise. Keep quiet.
I could hear someone calling my name on the noisy platform.
You must not be noisy.
The beginning of the trouble was his careless remark.
The trouble blew over in a few days.
People who make no noise are dangerous.
The teacher told the boy not to make noise.
There was so much noise that Professor Bayley couldn't make himself heard.
To no one's surprise, loud noise has been proved to affect one's sense of hearing.
The noise disturbed his sleep.
Noises interfered with my studying.
The noise bothers me.
I couldn't make myself heard above the noise.
I could not make myself heard above the noise.
My head is splitting from the noise.
I'm going crazy from too much noise.
I found it difficult to make myself heard due to the noise.
I was kept awake all night by the noise.
They didn't notice the increase in noise.
Noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports.
The noise lessened gradually.
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment.
Loud music always makes Fred hit the roof.
Their wish is engraved on the base of the statue.
Additional imports of American beef are planned to meet rising demand.
The tax increases affected our lives greatly.
Masuo can bend spoons.
Those who love too much, hate in like extreme.
To own a library is one thing and to use it is another.
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night.
It is one thing to own a library; It is quite another to use it wisely.
Do you want me to wrap it up as a gift?
This is also ideal as a gift.
Would you mind wrapping it up as a gift?
A card was attached to the gift.
Choose a present carefully.
A present is usually given in return for one's hospitality.
Thank you for the present.
Thank you very much for your present.
On gift-giving occasions, people generally avoid giving money, but there are exceptions.
I have some gifts.
Without him nothing was made that has been made.
She could scarcely gasp the words.
This is going to require a long steady effort.
Take a breath and hold it.
Hold your breath, please.
Hold your breath and pinch your nostrils.
Take a deep breath in and out, please.
Take a deep breath, please.
I blew on my hands to warm them.
I was out of breath and sat down.
My son came to see me from time to time.
My son has got into bad company.
When my son is doing nothing bad, he is sleeping.
I hope my son will bring himself to study hard.
My son owes what he is to you.
My son came to my room.
Their son's success in the examination gave them great pleasure.
She scolded her son for being lazy.
Great was her joy when her son returned back safely.
She was very pleased when her son returned home safe and sound.
Have you ever heard from your son?
Don't be so hard on your son.
Give my thanks to your son.
It will cost you a fortune to give your son a good education.
What does your son do?
Did you choose an interesting book for your son?
You need not have any anxiety about your son's health.
Your son will be well taken care of.
Your son is almost the copy of your father.
Your son must be quite tall by now.
Her sons have gone to Tokyo.
My sons are in the heyday of youth.
I gave my son a box of candy, which he opened happily.
My son shall do the work.
I was disappointed in my son.
Keep your son from having his own way.
I asked my son what he really wanted.
I built my son a new house.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
I must buy a new suit for my son.
I thank you on behalf of my son.
I'm never free from worry about my son. Nowadays, he does nothing but play video games, and never studies at all.
The mere thought of her son warmed her heart.
My son is my biggest headache.
Could you fill out the medical certificate for my son's school?
I'd like to see my son.
His heart ached when he saw his son's miserable state.
Her son's death broke Mary's heart.
The moment she heard the news of her son's death, she burst into tears.
Please give him a fluoride treatment.
I'd like to make an appointment for fluoride treatments for my son.
She was beside herself with grief at the news of her son's accident.
I am to blame for my son's failure.
My son's ability at math has improved this year.
My son's front teeth have come in crooked.
All my son's adult teeth are in.
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.
My son passed in three subjects at A level.
I commit my son to your care.
My son has read every book on that shelf.
Our son was unable to keep up with the class.
My son often worries me by asking a lot of questions.
The son demonstrated his anger by shutting the door and noisily.
My son asks for the moon.
My son is tired of hamburgers.
My son was the last but one to reach the goal.
My son is not old enough for school.
My son can't count yet.
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.
My son is now as tall as I am.
My son went to London, where I was born.
My son has gone to America to study medicine.
My son is playing in the rain.
My son gets on very well at school.
The son acquiesced in his parents' wishes.
My son is ashamed of his behavior.
My son has taken to drinking and smoking.
Both sons pretended to the throne.
My son is small for his age.
My son took a candy from the box.
The son asked a question of his mother.
My son is busy studying for the examinations tomorrow.
My son likes outdoor sports, such as baseball, tennis and soccer.
My son lives in a distant place.
He launched his son in the world.
I am not so poor that I cannot send my son to college.
Everyone sympathized with the parents about their son's death.
Do I have to bring my son to your office?
I went for a walk with my son.
He wanted them to go to college and learn to be businessmen.
I get out of breath.
Let's ease up.
Precision in measurement is a necessity.
I've got pins and needles in my leg.
I have feeling in my legs.
My feet went to sleep and I couldn't stand up.
My legs feel heavy.
If your feet get wet, you'll get a cold.
I tripped and nearly fell.
Your feet are dirty.
My legs feel heavy as lead.
I walked till my legs got stiff.
My feet get cold.
It is possible for us to do addition very quickly.
My leg got hurt, so I could not walk.
I've got blisters on my feet.
I walked around town wherever my feet led me.
His leg will prevent him from participating in a tennis tournament.
I have had a corn removed from my foot.
We let our legs do the leading.
There is no feeling in my toes at all.
I have a pain in my little toe.
Watch your toes.
A fast walker can walk six kilometers in an hour.
My legs are getting better day by day.
Soles of the feet are insensitive to heat and cold.
What do you have your feet for?
We're short of something.
His bad leg prevented him from winning the race.
In order to keep our feet warm we had to shift from one foot to another and keep moving.
Bathe your feet to get the dirt off.
Wash your feet.
I didn't mean to step on your foot.
The moment I heard the footsteps, I knew who it was.
Watch your step.
Watch your step. The stairs are steep.
Watch your step. The floor is slippery.
Watch your step, or you will slip and fall.
Watch your step, or else you will trip on the baggage.
Do watch your step.
I am sorry to encumber you with the children.
A sprained ankle disabled him from walking for a month.
Footprints were left on the floor.
The footprints continued down to the river.
She is struggling helplessly.
That will not make even carfare.
He slowed into step with her.
The race is not to the swift.
If you can read rapidly and with good understanding, you will probably find it easy to remember a good deal of what you do read.
Whether you drive fast or slow, drive carefully.
"Come home early, Bill." "Yes, Mother."
I am tired from running fast.
Run fast, otherwise you will miss the bus.
Run fast, or you will be late for school.
Run fast, and you will catch the train.
Soon gotten soon spent.
Alphonse looked at the racing clouds, his eyes turned to the sky.
I can't keep pace with you.
Pitch a fast ball.
Please send it by express mail.
Can you make it special delivery?
Please send it by special delivery.
It is thought that the lower speed reduces heat generation.
Speeding causes accidents.
There are several ways to measure speed.
Burglars broke into his house.
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window.
The explosion that followed killed many people.
He went on to demonstrate how to use the machine.
Do you wish to make any other transaction?
What will you do after graduation?
I met her a long time after graduation, and she had totally become a housewife.
As soon as he graduated, he left town.
On leaving school, we presented him with a table clock as a token of our thanks.
Father gave me a book for graduation.
The graduation ceremony took place on the morning of the first of March.
The graduation ceremony will take place on March 20th.
The graduation is two months ahead.
Have you decided on the subject of your thesis?
Don't pull my sleeve.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
The work must be finished before noon.
Let's enjoy ourselves to our heart's content.
My grandchildren give me such a delight.
Being with her grandson always makes her happy.
It made Grandfather's day when his granddaughter gave him a picture she had drawn of him.
Do you have anyone to look up to?
The child looks up to his father with worship in his eyes.
You cannot lose.
Bill took the blame for the loss.
The damage amounted to five million yen.
The loss amounts to ten million dollars.
The loss amounts to a million dollars.
I am afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
Losses will run into millions of dollars.
The extent of the damage is inestimable.
I am ready to do anything to make up for the loss.
The loss adds up to $1,000,000.
The loss amounted to $2,000,000.
The loss amounted to 100 dollars.
Let's make it a fair trade.
There are not many amusements in the village.
Not a soul was to be seen in the village.
There were no people in the village.
There was a tornado in the village.
There's an old tower in the center of the village.
The discussion the villagers had on the environment was quite lively.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
All the villagers know of the accident.
The election of the village headman had been postponed.
There is a lake on the east of the village.
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
The village was dead after sunset.
Winds haunt the village.
The road to the village is very rough.
It is not more than two miles to the village.
It is a long way to the village.
The Murais have gone back to Japan?
The Murais have been married for ten years.
There is Mr James who they say is the richest man in the village.
It was the hungry bears that the villagers were afraid of.
The villagers believed in a life after death.
Villagers were going to celebrate the wine festival.
The festival is looked forward to by the villagers.
The villagers were offhand with us.
The villagers tried to freeze us out.
All the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat.
The villagers petitioned against the nuclear power plant.
The villagers are occupied mainly with fishing.
No one in the village knew that the soldiers were taking aim at their village.
The villagers went in search of the missing child.
The villagers regarded the stranger as their enemy.
All the villagers in turn saluted the priest.
The village people had to pump water from the well by hand.
The villagers were kind to their visitors.
The village people called the old woman Meta.
The villagers had a bias against any newcomer.
The village people built a wooden bridge across the river.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Mr Murata, this is my friend Lisa.
The villagers supported a new road.
The whole village came out to welcome him.
Did you want anything else?
Is there anything I can do for you now?
No one else can fill that job.
I can't think otherwise.
Need anything else?
Anything else, sir?
Do you have any other questions?
What else do you want?
Is there anything I must do?
If you want to include other information, please let us know.
This is the only alternative.
I had no other choice.
No other way.
If you need more information, we are happy to send it.
I want to deal with this letter before I do anything else.
He's only got one shirt because all the rest are being washed.
Even if everything else is considered, I still don't like this plan.
Her nature takes more kindly to acting than to any other kind of job.
No other book is read as widely as the Bible.
May I recommend another hotel?
Could you recommend another hotel?
Do you have any others?
Could you show me another one?
Like any company, we've got to look ahead and plan for the future.
No nation can exist completely isolated from others.
You had better consult the others.
The other children laughed.
Other things being equal, I choose the cheaper one.
The other boys smiled.
If other conditions are equal, the temperature must be the most influential element in this experiment.
I will go provided that the others go.
You don't have to think you aren't going to make it just because others have failed.
You should not speak ill of others.
Don't blame another for his faults.
Where are all the others?
I can't think of anybody else.
One should not make fun of others.
The others paid no attention to her warning.
I have to study hard to keep up with the other students.
You'll have to ask someone else.
Nobody else can.
Other restaurants serve chicken without anything that makes it stand out.
The guys are sleeping like dogs.
Some animals have advanced far ahead of others.
Someone else profits from the situation.
In other cultures, the balls were filled with earth, grain, bits and pieces of plants, and sometimes even pieces of metal.
If we don't obtain an adequate knowledge of their culture, a lot of problems could easily arise.
If we can't get the money in any other way, we can, as a last resort, sell the car.
All the other issues are subordinate to this one.
I don't know about the others, but as for me, I'm for it.
Is there life on other planets?
The invasion of other countries is a shameful action.
Learn from others' mistakes.
You will go your way, whatever others say.
Do to others as you would be done by?
Do not look too much to others for help.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
I am determined to put the plan into practice no matter what others may say.
Whatever others think of me, I don't mind at all.
There was once a time when I could not trust others.
Don't cut in when others are talking.
Be kind to others!
You must be kind to others.
You should be kind to others.
Try to be patient with others.
You should not try to force your ideas on others.
It is good to be kind to others.
You should not feel superior to other people.
It is often necessary to depend upon others.
Don't rely on others.
He is a very irritating critic of others.
He is second to none when it comes to finding fault with others.
Don't try to find fault with others.
Don't find fault with other people.
It is easy to find fault with others.
Nothing is easier than finding fault with others.
Stop finding fault with others.
Those who find fault with other people tend to be blind to their own fault.
Don't worry about what others say.
You must not speak ill of other boys in his class.
Tell him to mind his own business.
Don't interfere in others' affairs.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
Don't worry about others.
You can never be happy if you feel envious of other people.
In consideration of others, please don't smoke.
Don't stand in other people's way.
Do it for yourself; not for someone else.
I would rather die than steal from others.
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
Don't say bad things about others.
It was not in his nature to speak ill of others.
Even if the opinions of others can be supressed, I cannot imagine to what results my speech may lead.
You must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
Don't stare others in the face.
You should be careful of the feelings of others.
You should not trample on other people's rights.
A mere repetition of other people's research cannot be called true scientific research.
There is a certain pleasure in pointing out other people's errors.
There's a certain pleasure in pointing out other people's errors.
Don't envy others for their good luck.
It is not decent to laugh at another's troubles.
You shouldn't interfere in other people's business.
Don't take advantage of others' weakness.
You must not be jealous of others' success.
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of others.
Don't be shy in the company of others.
Don't get in people's way.
No one really understands the grief or joy of another.
Keeping what belongs to another amounts to stealing.
Work quietly lest you disturb others.
Do other people like me?
Don't make fun of others.
We have no more right to say a rude thing to another than to knock him down.
We should not make fun of others.
One should not speak ill of others.
Don't look down on others.
We shouldn't look down on other people.
You must not judge others by yourself.
It's important for us to be thoughtful of others.
It is rude to point at others.
It's not polite to point at others.
It is not polite to point at others.
He that would govern others, first should be master of himself.
To help others is to help yourself.
It is bad to hurt others.
Hating others is foreign to her.
You should not rely on others.
Never rely too much upon others.
Nothing is as easy as to criticize others.
I would rather be poor than be rich by taking advantage of others.
Let's not stand on ceremony.
If, on the other hand, children are left alone a great deal with nothing to do, they are likely to become dull and unintelligent.
On the other hand a lot of people die young.
On the other hand, when public officials act wrongly, Americans feel a responsibility to protest.
You're overly reliant on people. You'll never make it in the world that way.
You shouldn't rely on others. It's important to want to help yourself.
We can pay 100 dollars at most.
We can pay 200 dollars at most.
The common language of many Asians is English.
Many U.S. politicians depend on contributions from fat cats for their campaigns.
Many Americans are interested in jazz.
Many Americans love to watch reruns of the I Love Lucy show.
Many gamblers win and lose money at the horse-race track.
He who begins many things, finishes but few.
Many painful memories inhabited her mind.
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.
Many fans came running toward the actress.
Many things were brought to Japan from China.
Many Europeans visit Egypt every year.
Many Europeans do not know modern Japan.
Many clients went to the able lawyer for advice.
Many groups of immigrants have been assimilated into American society.
Many doctors look at your tongue first when they begin an examination.
Most athletes are at their best during their early manhood.
Many English words derive from Latin.
A lot of houses were on fire.
Many families left to make a new life on the frontier.
Many families went west to make a new life on the frontier.
Many scientists live in this small village.
Many scientists have the reputation of being eccentric.
Because there are a lot of volcanoes, it is easy for Japan to be hit by earthquakes.
Many businesses closed down.
Many firms are competing for the wealthier segment of the market.
A lot of companies have pared their staff down to a minimum.
Many foreigners can appreciate Kabuki.
Many foreign people come to Japan to work.
Many foreigners speak good Japanese.
Many students are looking for part-time jobs.
Many students took part in the contest.
With many students chatting, it was difficult to hear what the professor had to say.
A lot of students are present at the meeting.
Many students go to Europe for the purpose of studying music.
A great number of students battled for freedom of speech.
Many students were present at the lecture.
Many students have failed the test.
Many a student studies at the library.
A number of tourists were injured in the accident.
A lot of tourists invaded the island.
Many sightseers visit Kyoto every year.
Naples gathers many tourists.
The more skills one masters, the greater contribution one can make to society.
After many hardships, he now lives in comparative ease.
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
Many letters of encouragement refreshed my sad heart.
Many old customs are gradually dying out.
A lot of clients come to the lawyer for advice.
Many words are pronounced according to the spelling, but some are not.
A lot of countries participated in the Olympic Games.
Many countries have passed laws to prohibit people from smoking in public places.
Many countries are experiencing similar problems.
Many countries have problems with poverty.
In most countries, people under the age of 18 are considered minors - they cannot vote.
Many countries have laws prohibiting smoking.
In many countries, the main reason that people come to big cities is because of work.
Disarmament is in practice difficult in many countries.
A number of countries have strict laws against drugs.
Many countries have abolished capital punishment.
Many countries are having difficulties in the economic sphere.
Civil wars are occurring in many countries.
Many international conferences have been held in Geneva.
A great number of citizens went into the army.
After a lot of problems she managed to learn to drive a car.
Many industrialists have expressed their concern about the economy.
A lot of jobs are done by computers.
Dark is an object of fear to many children.
Many children dressed up for the Shichigosan Festival.
Darkness causes many children to be afraid.
Many poets write about the beauties of nature.
Many accidents resulted from the icy road conditions.
Many accidents arise from carelessness.
Much time was wasted.
I regretted having wasted a great deal of time.
Many businessmen, in order to curry favor with government officials, will shower them with gifts and money.
Many cars passed by.
Many a young girl likes the singer.
Many young people make use of their summer vacation to climb Mt. Fuji.
Many young people were present at the party.
Many young men died in the cause of democracy during the war.
Many young men bled for the revolution.
Many young men went to war.
Many fragile species are on the verge of extinction.
Many species of insects are on the verge of extinction.
With many women, love always comes first.
Many women could barely spell their names.
Many goods are transported at midnight by truck.
Many small companies went bankrupt.
Many novels have been written by him.
Many consumers rose up against the consumption tax.
He went forward in the face of many obstacles.
He refused to quit despite many obstacles.
Many plants bloom in the spring.
A lot of people look up to you. Don't let them down.
Many people respect you. Don't let them down.
Many people declined the invitation to the reception.
Many people applied for the position.
Many a man has predicted it.
A lot of people buy lotteries dreaming of wealth at one stroke.
I've asked lots of people to help, but I haven't any joy yet.
Many a man comes and goes.
Many a man has lost his life at sea.
It is money that many people worship most.
A big crowd of people collected to watch the festival.
Many a man has failed.
We did not expect many to attend.
Many people are suffering from the lack of food.
Many a man has made the same error.
Many a man has made the same mistake.
A lot of people were killed by the blast.
Meeting many people is an important part of a party.
In common with many people he likes holidays.
To many, change seems inevitable.
Those loved by many are liable to untimely death.
Scores of people came to the concert.
To many people, it was nothing short of a miracle.
A great number of people were killed in a moment.
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
Many people work in industrial towns.
To talk with a lot of people is good for health.
Many politicians fail to keep their promises.
Many a student has failed in the test.
Many students bought the book.
The battle was won at the price of many lives.
Many young men tend to commit the same errors.
A number of tickets are sold in advance.
Many developed countries are faced with financial crises.
Many rivers have been so polluted that they can no longer be used for drinking water.
A lot of villagers were killed by soldiers.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
We had a large audience.
Many astronomers assume that the universe expands infinitely.
Many astronomers assume that the universe continues to expand forever.
In many ways, animals can do things better than people can.
Many cities were destroyed by bombs.
Many animals have been destroyed by men.
Many roads are flooded. As a result there are long delays.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
There have been many accessions to the party.
Many purchases are carefully thought out.
Many crimes go underreported.
Many diseases result from poverty.
Like most diseases, it has its own symptoms.
The world has seen a lot of changes in many fields.
Many men were badly wounded in the battle.
Many soldiers were killed in World War II.
Many soldiers died a hero's death.
It is important for you to read many books.
Lots of superstitions are still believed in.
I look up to him in many ways.
Many a tree was blown down by the typhoon.
Many trees are bare in winter.
Many wild animals are in peril of their lives.
Many promises had been made.
A number of friends saw him off.
Quite a few students failed to hand in their assignments.
The more, the better.
We must examine the various aspects.
Large amounts of money were spent on the new bridge.
Thank you very much for your generous donation.
A large amount of money was spent on the bridge.
Not a little money was lost.
Jack of all trades and master of none.
More or less, he is crazy.
I have some butterflies in my stomach.
There may be some scars.
If you have any sense, cancel the trip.
We must allow for some delay.
The majority was for him.
A lot of members assisted at the general meeting.
A number of students announced their readiness to engage in the contest.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
He was chosen out of a number of applicants.
A crowd of people gathered in the street.
Many people were killed as a result of the storm.
Scores of people visited Japan.
A lot of books are published every year.
Many famous people are behind the movement.
Majority rule is a basic principle of democracy.
It looks like I'm outnumbered here. I hate to do it but I'll withdraw my plan.
Extensive reading is as important as intensive reading.
Perhaps not.
You're probably going to think this is a joke, but I was a punk rocker when I was a kid.
It's probably the illness that's going around.
You are very likely right.
Maybe Jane will come.
Perhaps the book will prove useful.
Perhaps the train has been delayed.
He observed that we would probably have rain.
I dare say there'll be taxis at the station.
The chances are that it will rain today.
Perhaps I'll like this book.
Perhaps the only true dignity of man is his capacity to despise himself.
I dare say he is right.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
It may be that he likes his job.
The chances are he will be able to win a Nobel prize.
I dare say he's not a bad boy.
He is probably dead.
I dare say he is innocent.
I dare say he will not come.
He probably won't come.
In all likelihood, they'll be away for a week.
I should say she is a little angry.
Maybe she is coming.
I dare say it will rain tomorrow.
Dinner is probably ready, so we had better hurry home.
The greatest talkers are the least doers.
He that talks much, errs much.
I lead a busy life.
It's difficult to standardize language for a multi-ethnic nation.
Too much alcohol paralyzes our perceptive powers.
There is much water left.
The fat woman, the young couple, the sleeping Indian and the tall man in black, but now skin and flesh and hair had disappeared, and empty eye sockets stared from gleaming white skulls.
The stout man leaped over the shallow ditch and stumbled.
The stout man got into a cab in haste.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
Being fat is a serious problem for me.
I think all fat people should go on a diet.
Don't put on weight.
Stay thin.
Don't allow yourself to become fat.
Are you watching your weight?
You must go on a diet because you are too fat.
A lunar month is shorter than a calendar month.
I hear the drum.
The drum faded away.
He gave me his stamp of approval.
Osamu Dazai killed himself.
Osamu Dazai killed himself at the age of thirty-nine.
Far away across the Pacific lies the American Continent.
The Pacific Ocean is one of the five oceans.
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world.
The Pacific is very wide.
The sun, moon, and stars are all part of the universe.
Let's talk about solar energy.
Solar energy may be able to play a significant role in our daily life.
The sun is going down.
If it were not for the sun, nothing could live.
If it were not for the sun, we would all die.
Without the sun, we couldn't live on the earth.
The sun was about to rise.
The sun was about to set.
The sun is shining in my face.
My eyes are dazzled by the sun.
The sun soon emerged from behind the clouds.
The distance from the sun to the earth is about 93 million miles.
I wore sunglasses to protect my eyes from the sun.
The sun appeared from behind the clouds.
The sun disappeared behind a cloud.
The sun emerged from behind the clouds.
The sun broke through the clouds.
The sun vanished behind a cloud.
The sun went behind the clouds.
The sun came out from behind the clouds.
The sun rises above the houses.
The sun was shining and it was warm, so I took the day off.
The sun is going down behind the hill.
The sun was hidden in the moon's shadow.
The sun is about to sink in the west.
The sun is rising now.
The sun is about to rise.
The sun is just setting.
The sun rose above the mountain.
The sun is shining above our heads.
The sun came out.
The sun is coming up.
As the sun rose, the fog disappeared.
The sun is sinking below the horizon.
The sun sank below the horizon.
The sun rose above the horizon.
The sun declined westward.
The sun is sinking in the west.
The sun melted the snow.
The sun sank below the horizon and it got dark.
The sun is setting below the horizon.
The sun has dried up the ground.
The sun was setting.
The sun is about to set.
It was not until the sun had set that the child came home.
The sun having set we stayed there for the night.
Without the Sun, we could not live on the Earth.
The sun and the moon rise in the east and set in the west.
The sun and a damp climate made the tropical rainforest.
Which is larger, the sun or the Earth?
The earth is small compared with the sun.
Although most islands in the ocean have been mapped, the ocean floor is generally unknown.
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
There is no new thing under the sun.
Without the light of the sun, we could see nothing.
Sunlight makes my room warm.
The solar altitude is 20 degrees.
There's a lot of glare.
The sunshine tempted people out.
But for the heat of the sun, what would become of the living things on earth?
The heat of the sun hardens clay.
The sun has nine planets.
The sun doesn't always shine.
The sun glared down on us.
The sun was shining bright.
No matter how fair the sun shines, still it must set.
The sun was almost gone.
The sun was about to come up.
The sun has not risen yet.
The sun sank slowly below the horizon.
The sun is the brightest star.
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter.
The sun was burning in the sky.
The sun is much larger than the moon.
The sun is farther from the earth than the moon.
The sun is brighter than the moon.
The sun is larger than the moon.
The sun gives light and heat.
The sun gives us light and heat.
The sun furnishes heat and light.
The sun sends out light.
The sun was hidden by thick clouds.
The sun has just sunk below the horizon.
The sun gives us heat and light.
The sun gives us heat and light every day.
The sun sometimes shone.
The sun is shining hot.
The sun always rises in the east.
The sun sends out an incredible amount of heat and light.
The sun is essential to life.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun is so distant from the earth.
The sun is 330,000 times as heavy as earth.
It was believed that the sun went around the earth.
The sun is about 1,000,000 times as large as the earth.
The sun makes the earth warm and light.
The sun went below the horizon.
The sun rose over the horizon.
The sun shines in the daytime and the moon at night.
The sun shines during the day.
The sun sets earlier in winter.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The sun was on the point of rising in the east.
The sun was blazing overhead.
The sun is a flaming ball.
The sun was shining brightly.
There are nine planets travelling around the sun, the earth being one of them.
Too many sun's rays are harmful to your skin.
I hope for a solar battery car.
Solar energy seems to offer more hope than any other source of energy, particularly because those areas most in need of water lie rather close to the equator and have a relatively clear atmosphere.
Taro, dinner's ready!
Would you lend me a hand, Taro?
Taro is not always here.
I am at a loss to know what Taro means.
Love grew between Taro and Hanako.
Taro and Hanako are going to get married next spring.
Taro's and Hanako's desk is small.
Please call me Taro.
Taro plays the guitar better than any other boy in his class.
Taro has lived in Obihiro for ten years.
Taro is the taller of the two boys.
Taro died two years ago.
Taro is the most famous of the three.
Taro stayed in Tokyo for three days.
Taro was in a hurry and left his wallet behind.
Taro is on the right side of his mother.
Taro is taller than any other boy in his class.
Taro has a low boiling point.
How fast Taro can run!
Taro will come here before long.
Taro is studying hard.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
Taro concentrated on memorizing English words.
Taro ordered some English conversation textbooks from London.
Taro is writing a term paper.
Taro passes for a scholar.
Taro drew 10,000 yen from the bank.
Taro had to eat dirt and resigned.
Taro speaks English better than I.
Taro insisted that he was right.
Taro enjoys the confidence of the president.
Taro has a strong sense of responsibility.
Taro bought a used car last week.
Taro weighs no less than 70 kilograms.
Taro is very likely to pass the university entrance examination.
Taro asked after her father.
I'll have Tom go right away.
Next to Taro, Jiro is the tallest boy.
My mouth forms a lot of saliva.
It's against my rules to compromise.
There seems to be no possibility of compromise.
As soon as their meeting was over, they set to work.
The meeting was put off until next week.
I'm all out of tricks.
In the first place we must find a way out of this.
It is often difficult to see if a ball is in or out.
The batter was out.
I have a bruise.
His face was red and he felt hot and uncomfortable.
I have hot flashes.
I felt myself lifted up.
As Sadako grew weaker, she thought more about death.
I feel feverish.
My whole body feels heavy.
It's not healthy for you.
Feeling sick, he stayed home from school.
Feeling sick, he stayed in bed.
If you turn around, I'll fasten your dress for you.
I'm chilled to the bone.
My joints ache.
Big men are not always strong.
Now she was so weak, but the crane made Sadako feel stronger inside.
The body quickly adjusts itself to changes in temperature.
His body was covered with brown fur.
Would you like me to wipe your body?
Are you strapped in?
I washed myself and felt much better.
The physical fitness courses are required for everyone.
I injured myself during the physical education lesson.
Is physical education a required course?
There are a lot of students in the gym.
The gym is used for the ceremony.
It was announced that the athletic meet would be put off.
How did you do on sports day?
The athletic meeting has been postponed until the first fine day.
Body temperature is highest in the afternoon.
I took my temperature, but it was normal.
Let me take your temperature.
Did you take your temperature with a thermometer in your mouth?
I've gained five kilograms.
My pants are very loose because I've lost much weight.
I'm losing weight.
I'm gaining weight.
You've put on weight, haven't you?
I watch my weight very carefully.
I'm just worried about my weight.
May I ask you what your weight is?
If you want to lose weight, you should cut down on between-meal snacks.
I can easily give up chocolate to lose weight.
Stand on the scales.
Have you lost weight?
Conformity is an essential element of our homogeneous community.
Great bulk does not always mean great weight.
To calculate the volume, multiply the length by the width by the depth.
I like to see a gymnast do the giant swing on the high bar.
She was aching from head to foot.
My body itches all over.
I have aches and pains all over my body.
I have sore muscles all over my body.
He will come provided that he is well enough.
What do you do to stay in shape?
For appearances sake, I went.
I am exhausted.
You must eat properly to keep up your strength.
Try to build up your strength.
Save your strength.
Foreign trade brings in a large income.
I am glad it was someone else who got it.
There was a discussion on the measures.
Don't hold your rival cheap.
They wanted to negotiate the contract on equal terms.
I can't stand it.
Some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure.
Too much spoils, too little is nothing.
Where can I catch the bus for Obihiro?
I get annoyed when I am kept waiting.
She is a bit indignant about being kept waiting.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting.
Bored waiting or rushing off at full speed.
Am I waiting in the wrong place?
I'll wait for you.
I had not been waiting long before I heard footsteps coming upstairs.
The waiting car was big and black and shiny.
You can enjoy some recorded music while you wait.
There's no point in waiting.
I had not waited long before she turned up.
I had not waited long before Mary came.
We had not been waiting long when the moon appeared.
It was not long before she came.
There was nothing for it but to wait.
How long will it be?
A watched pot never boils.
Everything comes to him who waits.
It is a long road that has no turning.
The longer we waited, the more impatient we became.
The more he waited, the more irritated he became.
There were five patients in the waiting room.
I was scolded by my mother for being lazy.
If you are idle, you will have a hard time.
Avoid those men who are idle.
Those who are idle will fail.
You don't want to be lazy.
The lazy man frequently neglects his duties.
In the evening the idle man begins to be busy.
Those who are lazy will never pass.
Were it not for laziness, he might have been rich.
Idleness often accounts for poverty.
Laziness is my weak point.
Although it seemed like a lot of money to spend just because I was too lazy to cut my own lawn, I turned the whole thing over to him.
If it were not for his idleness, he would be a nice fellow.
Idle hands are the devil's tool.
Idleness leads to failure.
Idleness is only the refuge of weak minds.
Idleness leads to ruin.
All the workers who are lazy must be fired.
Judging from his manner, he is not suitable for this job.
While in England, I often referred to the guidebook for details of my journey.
How was your stay?
Permit me to stay.
Did you enjoy your visit?
What is the purpose of your visit?
My baby kicks very hard.
The moss is a delicate green fur on fallen logs and rocks, I say to myself.
There is a little money in the bag.
The bag was bursting with corn.
Turn your bag inside out.
Seldom does a loan come home laughing.
We have a house for rent.
Room for rent.
Do you have safety deposit boxes?
I want to charter a bus.
Short accounts make long friends.
What's included in the balance sheet?
The trumpets sounded the retreat.
Far from being bored, we had a very good time.
Far from being bored, I had a great time.
I am bored to death.
I'm stuck in a rut in my boring job and need to do something new.
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.
Skip the dull chapters.
You are expected to put out lamps and heaters before you leave the office.
He wasn't earning a large salary when he retired.
I've retired and I'm going to take it easy for a while.
I can't say I'm happy about retirement.
A farewell party was held in honor of the retiring executive.
Before he retired, he had handed over charge of his office.
Those who choose to retire can do so as early as sixty-two, although starting to draw their Social Security pension at that age would mean that the payments are reduced by 20 percent.
I bought a small lot on the hillside in Southern France where I plan to build a retirement home.
No wonder the retirement years are often referred to as the golden years.
I'd like to live a quiet life in the country after retirement.
The retired often feel that they are useless and unproductive.
Those approaching retirement age have the choice of working or not working.
The captain exercised the new recruits with long marches.
The captain ordered his men to fire.
The captain commanded the men to march on.
The captain ordered his men to gather at once.
The commanding officer marched, with soldiers following behind.
The commander was roaring at his soldiers.
The captain gave orders for a salute to be fired.
Men of the rank of captain and below live in this building.
Please list alternate dates.
Representative democracy is one form of government.
Many pupils are poor at algebra.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics.
Algebra is my favorite subject.
An option is now under consideration.
Whoever the representative is from their division, treat him well.
The Representative Director supervises Directors' performance of duties.
Representatives made a major breakthrough in the trade talks.
You are supposed to come in person.
I must rid my kitchen of cockroaches.
Chase the cat from the kitchen.
I helped my mother in the kitchen.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
I helped Mommy in the kitchen.
Don't you smell something burning in the kitchen?
I smell something burning in the kitchen.
It is in a kitchen.
They are in the kitchen.
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?
Is there a knife in the kitchen?
We had next to nothing in the kitchen.
How many eggs are there in the kitchen?
There is a cat in the kitchen.
You must not come into the kitchen.
The lights in the kitchen burned all night.
There's a foul smell in the kitchen.
Clean up the kitchen.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
Who's responsible for this mess in the kitchen?
Typhoon No.11 is moving up north at twenty kilometers per hour.
Will Typhoon No. 12 hit the Kyushu district?
Typhoon No.9 is approaching Shikoku.
The typhoon struck the city, causing great damage.
The typhoon made that difficult.
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.
It was announced that a typhoon was approaching Kyushu.
The typhoon gathered strength.
The typhoon claimed many lives.
The typhoon hit Tokyo.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
Little did I think there would be a typhoon.
We suffered heavy damage from the typhoon.
The typhoon did great damage to the rice crop.
The typhoon caused the river to flood.
Much misery came about because of the typhoon.
The typhoon caused a tree to tumble on my yard.
They might have to cancel the flight because of the typhoon.
All communication with the mainland was cut off by the typhoon.
The typhoon bared the tree of its fruit.
The typhoon caused damage in many areas.
The typhoon accounted for the closing of school.
The typhoon prevented us from going back to Tokyo.
The train was delayed for one hour on account of the typhoon.
Many flights were canceled, owing to the typhoon.
A typhoon prevented us from going on our trip to Okinawa.
We had no school on account of the typhoon.
The electricity failed during the typhoon.
The typhoon has lost its power.
The typhoon has done no harm.
The damage of the typhoon spread over several prefectures.
There was no electricity for two days in the aftermath of the typhoon.
Typhoons generally head for Japan.
The typhoon is gone.
The typhoon caused immeasurable damage.
The typhoon will approach the Kanto district around two in the afternoon.
The typhoon did not a little damage to the crops.
The typhoon did much damage to the crops.
The typhoon caused great damage to the crops.
The storm did a lot of damage to the crops.
The typhoon became weaker and changed into a storm.
The typhoon moved in a westerly direction.
The typhoon has done much harm.
The typhoon may cross the Tohoku district.
The typhoon left behind a trail of destruction.
The typhoon is gaining strength as it heads for Kyushu.
Typhoons bring about damage every year.
Please go over the script.
While I was in Taiwan, I made friends with him.
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the 1950s.
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.
Yawn a big long yawn.
I will be only too pleased to help you.
I want to have a full and enriching student-life.
This artwork excited much controversy in the world of art.
Large or small?
They rolled along the big road and they rolled along the little road until they were way out in the country.
Hey, Ayako, make your voice louder.
He was big and slow and silent.
How you've grown!
I want to be somebody when I grow up.
When I grow up, I want to be an English teacher.
What are you going to be when you grow up?
Eat your vegetables so that you will grow up to be big and strong.
The house is not impressive if you're thinking of size.
I am going to return this sweater because it's too big.
It's too loud.
I never drink unless there's a big event of some kind.
The big oak tree breaks the force of the wind.
A big canoe was cutting through the water.
We have a big supermarket.
They say that a huge dam will be built.
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.
It sometimes is the case that there is a lot of disagreement.
It has a big whirlpool and a strong current.
I was suddenly awakened by a loud noise.
It rang loudly.
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.
Large houses are expensive to live in.
I have a lot of baggage, so I can't walk home.
There's a big sign.
A big rock rose out of the sea.
A big rock stuck out from the bank into the river.
He was calm in the face of great danger.
I want to buy a large sized refrigerator.
The big building was blazing with lights.
A big dog is always beside him.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
A man with a big dog came in.
The king left a large fortune behind.
Big events will come to pass.
The big car pulled up suddenly.
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
A big car drew up and a tall lady got out.
Big successes result from constant effort.
Don't raise your voice at me.
Could you speak up? I can't hear you.
Can you talk louder? I didn't hear you.
Please speak in a loud voice.
Raise a loud voice, then all goes wrong.
Snow fell in large flakes.
A broad river runs through the city.
A big ship is anchored near here.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
A loud noise made him jump.
A big typhoon is approaching.
A big typhoon is coming on.
A big spider was spinning a web.
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.
Some large birds prey upon small birds and animals.
A big animal ran away from the zoo.
On large farms, cattle are usually marked with brands.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
Even in the case of a major disease, hope is a good weapon.
The loud noise gave me a terrible fright.
I'd like to run a big stock farm.
A big tree fell in the storm.
The big tree was struck by lightning.
To fly big passenger airliners calls for long training and experience.
Let's make a big circle.
No bones broken.
There were lots of people.
I'm about to kill the big boss.
I understand the general approach, but I'm afraid that I'm getting bogged down in the details.
Broadly speaking, dogs are more faithful than cats.
A captain is above a sergeant.
After the heavy rains, the river overflowed its banks.
The heavy rain kept us from going out.
The heavy rain prevented us from going out.
The river overflowed because of the heavy rain.
The river swelled rapidly because of the heavy rain.
The heavy rain made a mess of the bonsai.
The heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
Due to the heavy rain we were soaked to the skin.
They say we're going to get heavy rain.
Because of heavy rain my car broke down.
Because of the heavy rain, we were obliged to stay there.
The heavy rainfall has caused vegetable prices to rise daily for the last two months.
I had to take a taxi because the heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
The dam burst owing to the heavy rain.
Today's Tigers-Giants baseball game was called off due to heavy rain.
Trains stopped in consequence of the heavy rain.
The heavy rain kept the children in all day.
A heavy rain prevented me from going.
The heavy rain prevented me from going out.
The game was canceled because of heavy rain.
The heavy rains caused the river to flood.
The heavy rain made them put off their departure.
After the heavy rain, there was a big flood.
Taxis are few and far between during a rainstorm.
The heavy rain brought the flood, causing damage.
Can you take us to the British Museum?
It exploded with a loud noise.
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.
His income is too small to support his large family.
The pressures of supporting a big family are beginning to catch up with him.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.
Fish abounds in the ocean.
My first day in the university was rather boring.
The life in the university is significant.
I belong to a tennis club in my university.
What do you plan to major in in college?
What are you going to do in college?
Have you ever considered majoring in economics at college?
Entering a university is not the purpose of my life.
I've made a lot of friends since I entered college.
If I can get into university, I am hoping to learn to speak two foreign languages.
A university job would give you a lot more free time.
I am working to save for my college tuition.
The foundation of a college was her great ambition.
It has been her dream to be a university professor.
I saw a bright red Ferrari parked at the campus gates and my jaw just dropped.
The university decided to do away with this kind of examination.
University was a wonderful experience.
Our college is far from the station.
The college breaks up on Tuesday.
The college granted him a scholarship.
The college bestowed an honorary degree on him.
You have to go to college for four years.
I am not sure yet if I will go to a university or get a job.
It isn't futile to go to university.
Two young men fresh from college have joined us.
What do you want to do after you finish college?
I hope to be engaged in the export business after graduating from college.
I was asked by my uncle what I intended to be when I graduated from college.
Having graduated from college, she became a teacher.
It was five years ago that I graduated from college.
On finishing university, I started working right away.
After her graduation from college, she went over to the United States.
On graduating from college, she got married.
University education is designed to expand your knowledge.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
Where is the registrar's office?
If I had studied English harder when I was at college, I could travel abroad at any time.
I took an English newspaper when I was in college.
Looking back on our college days, it seems as if they were a century ago.
My sister, a university student, won first prize in the speech contest.
I am a university student.
Are you a college student?
He passes for a college student.
The number of college students is increasing.
What percentage of the students are admitted to colleges?
Generally speaking, college students have more free time than high school students.
College students should study hard, but equally they should also make time for an active social life.
Make the most of your college life.
The number of unemployed college graduates amounts to more than 4000.
The University Administration decided to set up a branch campus in New York.
They sweated gallons.
The large firms in the industry call all the shots.
He's tickled pink.
I am only too glad to do so.
She was kicking up her heels with delight.
We did it with the greatest pleasure.
I haven't heard anyone call him a late bloomer in a while. But I do wonder when he's going to grow up.
The atmosphere is being polluted.
The atmosphere surrounds the earth.
The air was polluted by exhaust gas.
The problems of air and water pollution will be intensified by the growth of inhabitants.
Even the upper atmosphere is polluted.
There are four major parts to the atmospheric problem: observation, understanding, prediction, and control.
The atmosphere forms a major part of the environment to which life responds.
The city has no rival for polluted air.
Public feeling against air pollution has at last became vocal.
Air pollution prevents some plants from growing well.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this country.
Smoke issuing from chimneys is a cause of air pollution.
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival.
Air pollution is a serious global problem.
We have to take steps to prevent air pollution.
Large-scale road construction began.
Large-scale surface currents are already known to exist, and major currents below the ocean surface, too, are being found.
The great fish eat the small.
They run the university with a view to making a lot of money.
If you have a lot of money, you will become afraid.
Large cars use lots of gas.
It's love-it-or-hate-it stuff.
They're my favorite.
It is duck soup for a carpenter to construct a chicken coop for his son.
After one or two large factories have been built in or near a town, people come to find work, and soon an industrial area begins to develop.
A massive flood paralyzed the local transportation network.
The massive flood paralyzed the local transportation network.
The big nations should not interfere with the smaller nations.
Radishes might be more expensive than the carrots.
How far is it from Osaka to Kyoto?
What is the fare from Osaka to Akita?
Mr. Obama wants to move to Tokyo from Osaka.
It was raining heavily in Osaka.
It snowed in Osaka.
How will you travel to Osaka?
How long have you been staying in Osaka?
He lives in Osaka.
On arriving in Osaka, he went straight to the hotel.
Please let me know when you come to Osaka.
The population of Osaka is larger than of Kobe.
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
It's hard to catch words in the Osakan dialect.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
Two roundtrip tickets to Osaka, please.
Could you tell me how to get to Osaka station?
The last flight for Osaka has been canceled.
Can I get a connecting flight to Osaka?
Can I reserve a flight to Osaka?
How many flights to Osaka do you offer a day?
The population of Osaka City is larger than that of Kyoto City.
Thank you very much for everything while working for the Osaka branch.
Roughly speaking, there were about 30 people in the bus.
The mountains have brought forth a mouse.
A calamity was avoided by sheer luck.
I'm all for it.
The ambassador is responsible for the assignment.
The ambassador was recalled from Warsaw.
The ambassador is leaving Japan tonight.
The embassy denied political asylum to foreign refugees.
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court.
I need it ASAP.
What is important is to keep this in mind.
The important thing is to call the police at once.
The important thing is whether you do your best or not.
It was careless of you to lose the important documents.
You may only borrow my camera if you are careful with it.
Great works are perfumed not by strength but by perseverance.
The majority of big banks are introducing this system.
His health was the forfeit of heavy drinking.
Taishukan advertised it would publish a new dictionary.
I feel as if I were aboard a great ship.
People who are made much of by the public are not always those who most deserve it.
Public opinion governs the president's decisions.
The public interest was directed at his judgement.
The public neglected his genius for many years.
The masses are entirely ignorant of the segregation problem.
The people are like children: they must smash everything to see what is inside.
The masses rose against the dictator.
You've really helped me a lot.
The general decided to launch an offensive against the enemy camp.
You'll get used to it soon.
Never mind, I can do it by myself.
It's nothing to get upset about.
I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
Come on, it'll be all right.
I can assure you that honesty pays in the long run.
You can rely on me.
He is sure to succeed.
Believe me, this is the right way.
They may even ask if you are all right or if there is something they can help you with.
Are you all right?
Government ministers are certain to welcome such proposals.
The minister approved the building plans.
The minister refused to give an interview to the reporters.
The Minister had to face a barrage of questions from the press.
The minister is to visit Mexico next week.
Two adults, please.
Only adults can see this film.
It is no use quarreling with grown-ups.
You can smoke a pipe when you grow up.
I aim to be a doctor when I grow up.
Some people think talking back to an adult is rude.
From an adult's one-sided point of view, children's attitudes often seem to be disobedient.
They take this negative way of protesting against adult domination.
Older people often fear change.
What is the maximum dosage for an adult?
Adults and children alike would like to see the movie.
It is impudent of you to make fun of adults.
The people were evacuated because of the flood.
The large audience clapped at the end of the song.
A number of passengers were injured.
A number of people were drowned.
A large number of people visit the historic site.
A lot of people applied for the job.
I saw many people hurrying toward the ball park.
There were a lot of people waiting for the bus.
We're filled to the rafters.
A lot of people work on farms.
A great many students were absent from school.
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.
Crying out, the little girl was looking for her mother.
You must not speak loudly.
Stop talking loudly.
I call out in a loud voice but there is no reply.
He shouted himself hoarse.
The Atlantic Ocean separates America from Europe.
We flew across the Atlantic.
A long time ago, most people lived in groups that moved around as the seasons changed.
In early days pioneers lived in houses made of mud and straw.
Now, this is really important.
The important thing is you will talk with your teacher about it.
What is important is not what you do, but the way you do it.
All you have to do is to concentrate.
The important thing is not to win but to take part.
The important thing is to listen carefully.
It's not what you say, but what you do that counts.
What is important is not which university you've graduated from but what you've learned in the university.
The important thing is not to win the game, but to take part in it.
The important thing is to have your own hobby.
It is quality, not quantity that counts.
Please don't leave valuable things here.
I'm about to tell you something important.
I'll treasure it.
The traffic was interrupted by the heavy snow.
A heavy snow kept us from going to school.
The heavy snowfall blocked the roads.
The heavy snow made them put off their departure.
The train was delayed on account of a heavy snow.
Heavy snow prevented the train from departing.
The heavy snow prevented me from going out.
It often happens that railway traffic is suspended by a heavy snowfall.
Because of the heavy snow, the railroad traffic has been interrupted.
The train was ten minutes behind time because of heavy snow.
I failed to come on account of a heavy snowfall.
Electric wires were broken in many places from the heavy snowfall.
The heavy snow prevented us from going to the concert.
They could not set out because it snowed heavily.
The train was thirty minutes late on account of the heavy snow.
Because of the heavy snow, the train was 10 minutes late.
The heavy snow stopped the train from running on time.
She was late as a result of the heavy snow.
I feel as I can rely on things now.
Nothing but grass was to be seen in the prairie.
Trees do not grow on prairies.
Everybody was so up in arms but it seems they got all panicky about nothing.
Finance Ministry officials tried to boost confidence in recovery.
A majority voted against the bill.
The majority of the committee were against the plan.
Most young people don't know the terror of war.
Most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities.
The mass of people are against the plan.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
A majority of Japanese workers plan to take more than three consecutive days of summer vacation.
She was a young girl about your age.
That is almost correct.
A big man is not always robust.
With a big man it's hard for the blood to get up to the brain.
The earth was felt to tremble.
Shades of earth are ringing through my open view inciting and inviting me.
If there is a big earthquake, the alarm will sound.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
You should stockpile necessary supplies in case of a big earthquake.
We have large, medium, and small. What size do you want?
The main street is filled with girls in kimonos.
You should be careful when crossing a big street.
Most companies have their own labor unions.
Most foreigners learn to like Japanese dishes.
Most students are tired of having to take examinations all the time.
Most dinner parties break up about eleven o'clock.
In large cities, in London for instance, there is heavy smog.
Murders are very common in big cities.
There is much crime in the big cities.
The big cities are full of allurements.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
Living in the noise and bustle of a large city, we sometimes feel like going into the country.
The atmosphere in a large city is polluted.
Big cities have too high a potential for riots.
Big cities have lots of amusements.
Alone in the big city, I began to get homesick.
Living in a large city has many advantages.
Part of the charm of a big city lies in the variety of styles that can be seen in the architecture of its buildings.
I dislike big cities.
The big investor bought up the stocks.
The Daito-maru is scheduled to sail at 4:00.
The movie rights to a successful novel is easy money for the writer of the novel.
There's a rumor that the President will resign.
Who will succeed Reagan as President?
The President is capable of handling the difficulties.
The president has grave responsibilities.
It was a great thrill to meet the President.
When I met the President, all my dreams came true.
Few men have direct access to the president.
Run for president.
The President's guards are stationed in front of the entrance.
The President's speech brought about a change in the American people.
The President's speech was calculated to ease world tensions.
The President's decision caused the market to react.
I strained to hear what the President said.
The president's term of office is four years.
The President is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad.
The President left for America this morning.
The president said, "I don't give a damn."
The president declined to answer the delicate question.
Was the president in favor of the plan?
The president made a statement on the issue.
The President refused to answer the question.
The president was visiting France that month.
The President vetoed the bill, but Congress overrode his veto.
The president appointed each man to the post.
The President spoke to the nation on TV.
The President will make a speech over the radio.
The President gave an interview for reporters.
The president was greeted by the queen on arrival at the palace.
The President took a hard line.
The president was quoted as saying he would like to visit Japan soon.
The President called out the troops.
The President suspended the constitution and imposed martial law.
The President appealed to the nation for its cooperation.
The President made an address to the nation.
The president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease.
The President called on everyone to save energy.
The president is busy with affairs of state.
The report goes that the president left London yesterday.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
The president made certain that he lined his pockets before he resigned.
The president is getting into the car.
The President offered a new plan.
The president granted a general pardon.
The president addressed a large audience.
The president abolished slavery.
The president shall be selected by majority vote.
The President decided to provide developing countries with sufficient aid.
The President nominated him to be Secretary of State.
The President desires peace.
The President desires peace, doesn't he?
The president put off visiting Japan.
The President is to make a statement tomorrow.
The president is presently in Miami.
The President leaves Washington for Paris next month.
The President will be broadcasting next year.
When a president or a governor acts wisely and lawfully, Americans express their approval by reelecting him and by supporting his political party.
The street was flagged to welcome the president.
He was being groomed as a presidential candidate.
The President himself addressed us.
The president conducted us personally to his office.
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.
A big wave swept the man off the boat.
A big wave turned the ferry over.
The huge waves upset their boat.
A big wave turned over his canoe.
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.
Can you tell barley from wheat at first sight?
Barley is our main product.
With regard to big inventions, chance has played a very small part.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
Almost all my records were imported from Germany.
Since I recovered from my serious illness, all of creation is beautiful to me.
Many people, if not most, look on literary taste as an elegant accomplishment.
Most Americans have a sense of humor.
Most athletes are told to keep away from cigarettes.
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
Most boys admire baseball heroes.
The great majority is for the project.
Most people live in urban areas.
Japanese cars are for the most part reliable.
Most Japanese opposed a tax increase.
Most signs are written in English.
For the most part I will agree with what he said.
You can't cop out on explaining a price increase of that size by blaming OPEC; that won't wash.
Despite a large surplus in merchandise trade, the current account surplus is not so big due to a deficit in invisible trade.
I got a big pay raise.
Write your name in capital letters.
It was very hot.
I'm busy as a bee.
Thank you ever so much.
It's really good.
It's been ages since I saw you last.
Thank you very much for all you have done.
I appreciate that you are very fatigued.
I'm sorry to have caused you such inconvenience.
I am sorry to trouble you so much.
It was such a lovely day that everybody was feeling happy and cheerful.
Oh, no! My passport is gone!
My goodness! I have lost the car keys.
Whenever you're in trouble or feeling down, I'll be there for you.
The fat will be in the fire.
Our water supply is very short.
Great effort was one factor in his success.
I am very sorry to inform you that she died.
It has become very cold.
I imagine that you went through a lot of difficulties.
It was a great help!
I'm very sorry.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March 6 due to personal reasons.
I met so many people that I do not even remember their faces.
It is such warm weather that the roses will bloom soon.
To my great sorrow, my father died young.
It's making a great stir.
I'm too busy. I can't take on any new work.
The cannon went off by accident.
Kazuo is an ambitious young man.
The game lacked excitement.
A big tree has fallen in the storm.
We took refuge behind a big tree.
Tall trees catch much wind.
I will look the other way.
The ocean floor is being studied by some scientists.
Grasp all, lose all.
Flight across the continent was still a daring venture.
Tears rolled down her cheeks.
A big tear rolled down my cheek.
The quantity discounts are according to the size of the order.
There's a volcano emitting masses of smoke in Iceland.
Large amounts of timber are used in paper making.
I have to type in a really big document.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
There were five classes in the first year.
In the First World War, a large proportion of England's young men enlisted.
Ten games were played on the first day.
Second, smokers persuade themselves that there is nothing they can do about smoking anyway.
Lesson Two is easy.
The second quarter GNP growth was higher than predicted.
When did World War II break out?
It has been almost 50 years since World War II ended.
The Second World War began in 1939.
Father told me that World War II ended in 1945.
World War II was carried on until 1945.
Halfway through the second chapter I realized I hadn't taken anything in.
The second man was a Spanish explorer.
The third point to make is that Emmet attempted to harmonize his theory with the reality of designing.
Let's begin with Lesson 3.
Let's turn back to the third lesson.
Let's read Lesson 3.
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.
A loss in third-quarter revenues was predicted.
I wonder if a third world war will break out.
The issue of Third World poverty is very pressing.
Fourth, my homeroom class in Japan included students of a wide range of abilities.
GNP increased at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.5% in the fourth quarter.
Let's review Lesson 5.
Article 6. The president shall preside at all meetings.
Tell me the name of the ninth month.
First we have International English, which will probably become simpler than "standard."
Firstly, it is a matter of justice.
In the first place, no harm will come to us even if we try.
To begin with, she is too young.
First, they should have right ideas of things, ideas that are based on careful observation, and understand causes of effects and their significance correctly.
In the first place, we must be careful about what we eat and drink.
First of all, I want to tell you this.
To begin with, you must not be late for school.
In the first place they must have some dinner.
We have managed to overcome the first obstacle.
The first violins carry the melody.
First impressions are important.
The first impression is most lasting.
Corporate earnings for the first quarter were disappointing.
Don't give in to despair just because you didn't get into the college that was at the top of your wish-list.
Soon after the end of World War 1, people never thought such a hateful and cruel war would break out again.
World War I broke out in 1914.
Let's begin with the first chapter.
Thirdly, if you don't put in the effort and challenge difficult things, there is nothing in the world at which you will succeed.
A potential third party would not be able to crack the code.
In the fourth place, I do not want people to think that I am afraid of anything.
In the fourth place, even if we succeeded in carrying off the bear cubs, we could not run up a mountain without stopping to rest.
The second is the affinity with environment. By utilizing natural energy and reducing wastes, we have to make houses which harmonize with ecology.
Secondly, some of the Creoles may become independent "national languages" in their own right.
In the second place, if we do not go, someone else will read the inscription on the stone and find happiness, and we shall have lost it all.
Let's take up the second problem, shall we?
The second language may be freely chosen.
Your second child is a boy? Lucky you! Things are going according to the saying - Have a girl first and a boy next.
It was in 1939 that the Second World War broke out.
The Second World War broke out in 1939.
World War II ended in 1945.
We became Americanized after World War II.
The hawk has piercing eyes.
A waterfall of sweat began to pour down my face.
I'd like to play a game of ping-pong.
There're many rich Americans. On the other hand some Americans are very poor.
Scores of people gathered in front of the Royal Palace.
To read a lot of books is a good thing.
Would you page Mr Sawada?
The nursery toilet door was shut.
There is a kite flying above the tree.
The kite soared upwards with the swiftness of a bird.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Let's fly kites.
Few, if any, Americans grasped the significance of what had been accomplished.
Bite down on the cotton roll.
I'm worried she'll dehydrate.
The escaped robber is still at large.
A hunt is on for the runaway.
The escaped prisoner is still at large.
This is what they call a lucky break.
There is an album on the shelf.
Can you reach the top shelf?
Can you reach the box on that shelf?
What are the measurements of the shelf?
Can't you reach the book on the shelf?
Clear off the shelf, and you can put your books there.
The valley was starred with yellow flowers.
The valley was dotted with farm houses.
A river runs down through the valley.
The valley narrows 500 feet ahead.
The valley was aflame with red and yellow leaves.
The valley echoes the sound of the waterfall.
The valley echoed with his call.
Mr Tani is not so much a scholar as a journalist.
Mr Tani and his wife were present at that party.
Who sent me a wire?
Who is the tallest of the five?
Who told you to write with your left hand?
Who will succeed to your father's business?
Who can run fastest in your class?
Do you know who is looking at that picture?
Who discovered America?
Who telephoned Ann?
Is anybody here?
Is somebody there?
Who will play the role of the princess?
Who helps your mother?
Somebody could exchange a sheep or a horse, for example, for anything in the marketplace that they considered to be of equal value.
The entire theater turned to chaos when somebody cried "Fire!".
We heard someone go upstairs.
Someone left a burning cigarette on the table.
Somebody has broken this dish.
Someone set fire to the house.
Someone made a threat to kill that politician.
Somebody must break the sad news to her mother.
Someone knocked on the door.
Someone must have left the door open.
I heard someone knocking.
When someone becomes neurotic about pens and paper clips, it's a sure sign they're cracking up.
I heard someone call my name.
Someone was coming!
Who invented karaoke bars?
Who invented karaoke?
If anyone should phone, say I will be back at one o'clock.
Someone has brought us some grapes.
I locked the door, in case someone tried to get in.
Someone said something, but I could not understand it.
There's somebody coming up the stairs.
It was apparent that someone had taken the money by mistake.
You must keep the plan secret until someone notices it.
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Someone is at the front door. Go and see who it is.
Did you hear someone ring the doorbell?
Somebody knocked at the door.
Someone is knocking loudly at the door.
I heard someone call my name from behind.
I heard someone whistle.
Somebody left his umbrella behind.
Somebody touched me.
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money.
Someone has stolen all my money.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
Two of my books have been taken.
Someone was calling my name.
I heard someone calling my name.
Someone caught me by the arm.
I wasn't conscious of anyone watching me.
Somebody pushed me in.
You might at least have said, "Thank you", when someone helped you.
Someone beat me to the draw!
Someone is shouting for help.
I heard someone call my name in the crowd.
Someone left the water running.
Someone must have left the water running.
I heard somebody cry out.
Someone is calling for help.
Did you see anyone run away?
Someone is standing at the door.
Somebody is standing in front of his room.
Someone robbed Mary of her money.
Someone leaked the secret to the enemy.
Someone is standing behind the wall.
I heard someone tell my mother the news.
Somebody has left his hat.
Someone has walked off with my pencil.
Someone is standing at the gate.
Hearing about people kidnapping little children just makes my blood boil.
It is not polite to interrupt someone while he is talking.
I need somebody.
Whoever comes, tell him I'm out.
Whoever comes, I won't let him in.
Who do you think came to see me yesterday?
Who leads the chorus?
Who buried the gold bars here?
Who made this cake?
Who made this pie?
Who is in charge of this building?
Who broke this pen?
Do you know who painted this picture?
I don't know who painted this picture.
Who painted this picture?
Whoever may object to this plan, I will carry it out.
I don't know who named this dog Pochi.
Who ruled this country?
Who can do this work?
Who is going to try this case?
Does somebody here own this watch?
It is not clear who wrote this letter.
Who wrote this letter?
Do you know who wrote this novel?
Who will take care of the baby?
Who broke this window?
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?
Who can deal with this difficult situation?
Who made this box?
Who painted this beautiful picture?
Who is in this room?
Who do you think is familiar with this matter?
There is no telling who did this.
Who is going to put this into English?
I wonder if someone could help me do this.
Who can afford to buy such an expensive house?
Who did it?
Did anyone hear John leave the house?
I wonder who.
Please send someone to my room.
I forget who said it.
Whoever may say so, it is not true.
Anyone who comes can be admitted.
Whoever may say so, I won't believe.
Whoever said so, it is false.
Whoever says so, I don't believe him.
Who thinks so?
Who doesn't think so?
Do you know who goes there?
Who do you think goes there?
Who will go there is not yet decided.
Who do you think will win the tournament?
Do you know who invented the machine?
Who will look after the baby?
Somebody catch that man!
Who bought a book at the shop?
Do you know who took the call?
Who planted the tree?
Who can best handle the problem?
I wonder who invented it.
Who'd know that?
Who doesn't know it?
Who put you up to it?
Whoever says so, it is not true.
Who likes Tony?
Who should I meet but Tom?
I felt like talking to someone.
She will not budge an inch no matter what anyone says.
I would have somebody sweep this room clean.
Somebody swiped my bag.
We came in through the back door lest someone should see us.
I must have someone repair my word processor.
Don't people tell you you look like Audrey Hepburn?
I heard my name called by someone.
Somebody's elbow touched my back.
Somebody missed the dog.
Can anyone fix a flat tire?
Who is playing the piano?
Who hit the home run?
I want somebody else.
Go and see who it is.
No matter who may call, you must not open the door.
Did anyone call me up?
Who discovered radium?
Whoever calls, take their number.
Who has leadership?
A question arose as to who should be the leader.
Who stole the apple?
He asked me who I thought would win the race.
Are you waiting for anybody?
Are you looking for someone?
It is rude to stare at someone.
Let's pick up a chick.
Instead of sending somebody on your behalf, you had better go and speak in person.
I can't tell who will arrive first.
Who hit the most home runs?
Who do you think will come first?
I wonder who can swim fastest.
Who'll get there the quickest?
Who do you believe is the most capable?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's in charge of the sales section?
Who can speak English?
Who will succeed to the throne?
Is anybody home?
I need someone to help me with housework.
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
Who attended the meeting?
Who runs the show?
Who lives in the room below?
Does anyone feel sick?
Who will be elected chairman?
There was a heated argument as to who should be appointed chairman.
Tell me who discovered air.
Who told you the story?
Who told you the news?
By whom was the news told you?
Who will look after your dog?
Who is going to sit in for you?
Who made you come here?
Someone is watching you.
Who built it?
Do you know who invented the microscope?
There is a knock at the door.
Who likes Sachiko?
Who do you think will be elected president of the USA?
Who first reached the summit of Mt. Everest?
Who will raise the question in the first place?
Do you know who made it?
Who do you think was watching TV in this room last night?
Has anyone asked for me?
Whoever opposes my plan, I will carry it out.
Who threw a stone at my dog?
Can anyone answer my question?
Who found my missing book?
Who will help me?
Can anyone tell me the time?
It's anybody's guess who will win the next race.
Who would be its next victim?
Can someone take our picture?
Is there anybody who can drive a car?
Who wrote a letter?
Let me out, somebody. I'm locked in.
Who's in it?
Is there someone who could help me?
He wanted female companionship.
It makes no matter to me who wins.
Anybody want a lift?
Does anyone oppose the new plan?
Who loves war?
It matters little to me who is elected.
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
Who broke that pane of glass?
By whom was the window broken?
Who is responsible for leaving the window open?
Someone must've left the window open.
Who do you think broke the window?
Who broke the window? Tell the truth.
Who else can answer my question?
Can anybody else answer?
I do not like wearing anybody else's clothes.
Who will act as spokesman?
Everybody had changed so much that I could hardly tell one from another.
Some boy is running away.
Who knows that?
Who knows?
Whoever calls, tell him I'm out.
Can someone answer the telephone?
Whoever pitches, that team always loses.
Who will bell the cat?
The question is who is going to tell him.
Who could take the place of him?
Is anybody in on the secret of his success?
Who will take the place of his mother?
Who taught them table manners?
Who will take charge of their class?
Does anybody know him?
Who taught her how to speak English?
Who helps her?
Someone! Catch that man!
Who painted it?
I wish someone would help me with English composition.
Who has found a lost dog?
I wonder who has come.
Whoever comes, say I am away from home.
Everyone believes in their own potential.
Everybody likes polite people.
Please go and see who it is.
No one can master English if he doesn't make effort.
Everybody wants to rid himself of troubles.
Everybody wants to live in comfort.
Nobody wants his sense of worth to be damaged.
We will elect whoever we believe is worthy.
Who calls me "good for nothing"?
Everybody knows that two and two make four.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
Anybody will do.
Everybody had a good time.
Any person whatever can tell the way to the temple.
Anybody can solve that problem.
Anybody can read it.
Give it to whoever wants it.
Everybody makes mistakes once in a while.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
Anyone can make mistakes.
Anyone can do it if they try.
Whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper.
The time will soon come when anyone can travel in space.
Anyone can cultivate their interest in music.
Everybody has some faults.
Every man can't be an artist.
Everybody wants to live a happy life.
Everybody desires happiness.
Everybody demanded happiness.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
Everyone thinks his sack the heaviest.
Everybody loves his country.
Anyone can write his own name.
Everyone can't afford a car.
Everyone brings out the choice wine first and then the cheaper wine after the guests have had too much.
Invite whoever you like.
Nobody likes to have his true motive doubted.
Everybody had a hard time.
Everyone is more or less conceited.
Everyone has his own treasure.
As everyone knows, he is a genius.
The word that is known to anyone is a greeting.
Anyone can make a speech here on Sundays.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
He who praises everybody, praises nobody.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.
Everybody has wet dreams.
No one should desert his friends.
I'll give this apple to whoever wants it.
You may invite to the festival whoever wants to come.
Whoever comes is welcome.
Every man cannot be a good pianist.
I don't feel like talking with anyone.
Who will you go with?
I don't know who to consult with.
Who is to blame for the accident?
Anyone can do it.
Everyone has faults.
Everyone has domestic troubles from time to time.
Everyone has both strong and weak points.
Everyone has their own strong and weak points.
It is very difficult for anybody to be objective about his own character.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, much more his life.
Don't let anybody see you.
Nobody having anything more to say, the meeting was closed.
Everyone loves his country.
I could not get anybody to go with me, and so I went by myself.
Every dogs has his own day.
I didn't meet anyone.
This is strictly between us.
Give this ticket to whoever comes first.
Every person has a right to defend themselves.
Everyone has his intellectual desire.
Everyone has his intellectual desire; mine is to escape life as I know it.
Don't give the secret away to anyone.
No one can tell.
He walked on tiptoe so that nobody would hear him.
I try not to bother anyone.
It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good.
Who was radium discovered by?
It makes no difference who I meet.
Who are they for?
Whom should I inform?
Who shall I choose?
I don't know who to turn to.
Who were you talking to?
Who are you referring to?
It's nobody's fault but yours. I'm determined to make you take the responsibility.
Whose bicycle did you want to borrow?
Nobody can dispense with somebody's service.
It is important to avoid having anyone absent from his assignment.
A vein of poetry exists in the hearts of all men.
No one to blame but yourself.
Tell me whose advice to follow.
By all accounts, he is not a man to be trusted.
No one's frightened of playing it.
Not anybody likes this book.
Everyone remembers the happy days of youth as his halcyon days.
No one can keep me from going there.
No one knows what will happen in the 1990's.
Nobody can live by himself.
No one can deprive of your human rights.
It's pity that nobody came to meet you at the station.
No one will speak for you.
It is because of his selfishness that no one wants to associate with him.
Nobody speaks well of that politician.
But she gets it while she can.
Anybody is better than nobody.
Nobody can stop me!
The little girl will go astray if no one cares much about her.
Everyone always speaks well of Tom.
Everyone says the view from here is beautiful.
Everyone knew the song.
Everyone will accept that idea in principle.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
It was natural that everyone should like the girl.
Everyone recognizes the boy as a real genius.
Everyone knows the law.
Easy money is on Mulligan.
Everyone's saying it.
It is not given to everybody to study abroad.
To my amusement, everyone believed my story.
Everybody wants permanent peace.
Everybody shouted for joy.
Everyone seeks happiness.
Everyone loves to hear praise, but over-praise has the opposite effect of sounding insincere.
Nobody can escape death.
Everyone said that I was wrong.
Everybody says I look like my father.
Everyone mistakes me for my brother.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty.
We are all longing for peace in the world.
Everybody knows that he likes her and vice versa.
Everyone admitted that the earth is a sphere.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Not everyone is properly rewarded for his efforts.
Everyone strives for efficiency but few seem to attain it.
Everyone opposed it, but Sally and Bob got married all the same.
Everyone recognized his skill.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everybody admired his courage.
Everyone recognized him as a brilliant pianist.
Everybody knows that he is the last man to break his promise.
Everybody regards him as honest.
Everybody looked up to him.
Everybody had looked on him as a good-for-nothing.
Everyone speaks well of him.
Everybody speaks well of her.
Everyone estimates her work highly.
We could all see it coming, couldn't we?
Everybody plays the game of love.
It is desirable that nobody should be hurt.
No one can operate this machine.
I didn't think anyone could fix this watch.
Don't let anyone enter or approach this room.
Nobody can solve this problem.
Nobody has solved the problem.
Nobody ever comes to see us in this out-of-the-way village.
No one thinks so.
No one can go in there.
No one called my attention to it.
No one could solve the puzzle.
No one was in a hurry to leave the party.
No one was present at the meeting.
Nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down.
Nobody knows about the plan.
Nobody failed in the tactics.
None have finished the work.
Nobody is to blame for the accident.
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.
No one knows the fact.
No one knew how to answer the question.
No one caught on to the joke.
No one can move the big box.
No one could find the answer.
No one could solve the problem.
Nobody envied the old man, who was a millionaire.
No one knows how it came to pass.
Nobody can understand it.
Nobody had anything more to say.
Nobody having any more to say, the meeting was closed.
No one can say that.
Heaven knows why.
Nobody came to the party.
Every man has his weak points.
Now they're frightened of leaving it.
No one will bother to do such a thing.
No one excels him in English.
He resented everyone's being very quiet.
Nobody will regard us as office workers.
Nobody was able to suggest a solution.
No one is to leave without permission.
Nobody taught me.
Nobody can ever help me.
Nobody answered the door.
None can get away from death.
Nobody perceived me entering the room.
Nobody answered my question.
Nobody listened to me.
Nobody bore me out.
No one helped me.
Nobody came to my rescue.
Nobody came to help me.
It goes without saying that nobody can come between us.
No one can be a poet.
Nobody could remember the sequence of events.
Nobody could believe what he saw.
No one should force his views on others.
Nobody having any question, he ended the lecture.
No one replied to the question.
No one really knows what a UFO is like.
No one was present.
No one is coming.
Nobody can exist without food.
Everyone is afraid of doing new things.
Everyone was friendly to the new girl.
No person can decide when someone should die.
None of them is alive.
No one loves war.
Everybody tends to be lazy.
It's not something anyone would be ashamed of.
No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven  the Son of man.
Nobody answered the telephone.
Nobody doubts his fitness for the position.
Nobody bowed to him.
Nobody can surpass him.
No one gave him a good chance.
No one took notice of him.
Nobody can break his record.
It seems that nobody takes any notice of his opinions.
Nobody seems to have paid attention to what he said.
No one could account for his poor examination results.
No one knows his name.
No one believed his story.
No one will trust his story.
Nobody could refuse their invitation.
Nobody came to help him.
Do you wonder why no one trusts him?
Nobody noticed her absence.
Don't let anyone enter the room.
Nobody was allowed to go out of the room.
Nobody can put anything over on the bureau chief.
Nobody cares for me.
No one will vote for the budget.
No one has failed.
Who are you laughing at?
I had an argument with my sister about whom to invite.
The argument lasted a long time because nobody would admit to being in the wrong.
Not a soul was to be seen in the town.
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
Not a single person arrived late.
No one respected men like him.
Nobody would listen to me.
If you buddy up to everybody and anybody, pretty soon people will think you're just a people-pleaser.
I might flunk the course.
Did you finish your class registration?
Can you please send ten $15 flashlights immediately?
If you don't know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used.
Climbing the cliff alone is a bold deed.
It took courage to sail across the Pacific single-handed.
Who is the person in charge?
I'll transfer you to the right person.
Homeroom teachers should make every effort to keep in touch with their students.
My homeroom teacher is the same age as my mother.
Mr. Tanaka, our homeroom teacher, got married.
I found a rare book I had been looking for.
Did you find what you were looking for?
Could you help me to find it?
Seek, and you will find.
The explorer bartered with the natives for food.
The expedition has postponed its departure to the Antarctic.
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.
The expedition's supplies soon gave out.
The expedition passed through the great jungle.
The detective took six months to get at the truth of that affair.
Detective stories are amusing.
Her husband also wanted custody of the children.
Hold onto your husband.
I heard the news that there had been a big earthquake in Awaji.
The differing volumes of carbon emissions are plotted in the graph below.
Be sure to drop me a line.
I must have it shortened.
You can not master English in a short time.
The short term contract employees were dismissed without notice.
Apart from her temper, she's all right.
Haste is waste.
Armed only with a short sword, he drove off all five of his attackers.
It was not easy to get a lot of money in a short time.
In short, I don't want you to work for that company.
To put it briefly, he lacks musical ability.
To make a long story short, he was fired.
For gall bladder surgery, go down this hall and take a right.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
Birth is, in a manner, the beginning of death.
There were more people present at the birthday party than was expected.
Have a birthday drink! It's on the house.
Many happy returns of the day!
I look forward to my birthday.
The birthday is the day on which a person was born.
You shall have a new watch for your birthday.
You'll get a lot of presents on your birthday.
You shall have a new bicycle for your birthday.
It's very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party.
I will give you this bicycle as a birthday present.
It is kind of you to give me a birthday present.
How was your birthday?
How did you celebrate your birthday?
Please don't say your birthday is over.
United, we are equal to most anything.
Strength in unity.
Organized sports are often an important part of school life, and competitive sports are popular, too.
It's more interesting to travel alone than to go on a group tour.
A bullet pierced the helmet.
The bullet found its mark.
The bullet just shaved his cheek.
The oppressed people cried out for their liberty.
We marched under a hail of bullets.
The bullet entered above the knee.
The bullet got the policeman in the leg.
The bullet penetrated the partition.
The bullet glanced off the target.
The bullet penetrated his chest.
The bullet penetrated his muscular chest.
The bullet went right through his head.
The bullet penetrated him.
I will never change my mind.
If we decline, what are the alternatives?
An old castle stands on top of the cliff.
The water has been cut off.
The water supply has failed.
The disadvantage of excellent insulation is that it quickly leads to overheating.
The last agony was over.
I was pleased no end by the cordial welcome.
Greet him with a warm smile.
Warm human relations were fostered.
During warm weather, sweating helps man regulate his body temperature.
I don't like warm winters.
After a succession of warm days, the weather became cold.
It was a warm day.
On warm days, bears stretch out or lie on their backs with their feet in the air.
Wear warm clothes.
We can buy hot lunches.
He took the coat off because it was warm.
You should keep yourself warm.
Dress yourself warmly before you go out.
A warm, sunny day is ideal for a picnic.
Warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes.
As it got warmer, I took off the sweater.
I think it's getting warmer.
Ice turns to water when it gets warm.
Run the engine till it gets warm.
The heater is broken.
Did you turn off the heater?
A warm current runs off the coast of Shikoku.
The fireplace was burning brightly.
The fireplace lends coziness to this room.
Clean the ashes out of the fireplace.
The clock is above the fireplace.
Shift the sofa so that it faces the fireplace.
Do you have a table in front of the fireplace?
It's getting darker little by little.
I saw a man standing naked under the waterfall.
I saw a man enter the room.
To my horror, the man took a gun out of his pocket.
A man came up and spoke to me.
A man shouted something, waving his hand.
A man can no more become a woman than a monkey can develop into a man.
A man on horseback came along the path.
The men loaded the baggage into the truck.
The men went hunting for lions.
Boys will be boys.
If you are a man, behave as such.
It is advisable for a man or woman to acquire an accomplishment.
I feel strongly that men and women are equal.
You must not compare a man with a woman.
It is up to us to be men.
Never love unless you can bear with all the faults of man.
Boys are fond of mischief.
A boy was giving out newspapers in the rain.
I saw a boy swimming across the river.
A boy is taking his sweet time pushing the cart toward the curb.
There is nothing wrong with boys wearing cosmetics.
A baby boy was born to them.
Some boys made away with all the ripe fruits on my persimmon tree.
The boys were quiet.
Whether it's a son or a daughter, a child is someone you have to take care of until they get married. That's what I think.
Is it a boy or a girl?
Few boys are dainty about their food.
There is a great difference between boys and girls.
Boys can be trained to behave.
A boy needs a father he can look up to.
They are very popular among boys.
Some boys don't like to bathe regularly.
Boys often imitate their sports heroes.
The boy gazed at the player dreamily.
Boys will run risks.
The boy's fingers moved in this pockets. Then he replied, "Eleven."
All boys like to play baseball.
I remembered that boys will be boys.
The boy stuffed cake into his mouth.
The little boy counts it out on his fingers and said, "Seven."
The boy begged for a new bicycle.
And the boy grew older.
The boy pressed his face against the shop window.
So the little boy put his hands in his pockets.
Each of the boys was eager to join in the race.
All the boys fell in love with Julia.
Boys always want to play football after school.
The boy kept quiet.
I saw the man knocked down and the driver driving away.
If you want a man to propose marriage, feed him well.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
A man is as old as he feels.
The man robbed her of her handbag.
The guy was too selfish to resist temptation.
The man was hiding in a dense forest.
You can't expect a man to change his habits at once, girl.
Men judged those women to be odd or dangerous.
The man confessed that he had robbed the old woman.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
He stopped by Tom's chair.
The man looked at Tom, then vanished through the stage door out into the dark London street.
The man came to a dead stop.
The man lit a cigarette with a lighter.
The guy jumped his bill at the restaurant.
The man walked around the corner.
The man is wearing a pair of glasses.
The man got up and smoked.
The man aimed a gun at the detectives.
A man is never so on trial as in the moment of excessive good fortune.
He ran for his life at the sight of the border guard.
The man got mad when his wife called him names.
Man is the hunter, woman is his game.
The man terrified the little children.
The man pleaded for mercy, but he was sentenced to twenty years in prison for his crime.
Man will not cry in public.
The man threw a bag across his shoulder.
The man was found dead in his bedroom in the morning.
Man is judged by his courage, woman by her charm.
The man suddenly struck me on the head.
The man seized him by the neck.
All the man could do was obey them.
The man cheated her out of her money.
The man peeped through a hole in the wall.
The man began to take off his hat, glasses and mask.
The man awed the girl with his magic tricks.
A man stood behind the gate gazing at the house.
The man fought bravely but finally gave in.
The patient implored, "Please ... Break my arms!"
Men and women went into battle.
You must act like a man.
You must behave yourself like a man.
Boys tend to look down on their sisters.
Both boys and girls should take cooking class in school.
The schoolboys teased each other endlessly.
Each boy student has a school badge on his cap.
The schoolboys marched four abreast.
Schoolboys usually look up to great athletes.
Each boy has received his diploma.
Both men and women won the tennis championship.
Why are there differences between the male and the female?
Men and women must respect each other.
No inequality should be allowed to exist between men and women.
Jealousy in a relationship is often brought about by a lack of trust.
Man is as fickle as autumn weather.
A man is picking out a tune on the guitar.
It is true of American society that the male is the head of the household.
It is wrong for a man to conceal things from his wife.
It is ridiculous as well as foolish to think of the superiority of man to woman or woman to man.
It is wrong to think that men are superior to women.
The men are having a barbecue.
The men have mustaches.
The men are smiling on cue.
The men are wearing short sleeves.
Some men are slow at figures.
The greatest cause of stress for men is work, while for women, human relationships come at the top of the list.
It is safer to say that some men and some women are good at figures.
Jackets are requested for men.
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.
Men are said to be quick at figures.
Gentlemen remove their hats in the presence of a lady.
Men like to look masculine.
Every man should learn how to cook.
Men, too, have discovered that there are various roles they can play.
Ladies before gentlemen.
Men's clothing is loose fitting.
The men were at a loss.
Men's things are on sale upstairs.
The price will not come down.
Could you give me a discount?
Please let us know your conditions for making the concession.
Could you take off the price tag for me?
I was agreeably surprised by the low prices.
It's too expensive.
If the price is reasonable, I want to buy the car.
The price includes the consumption tax.
The price did not enter into our consideration.
Expensive things often prove more economical in the long run.
I will take the one that is more expensive.
The price is up to you.
The price was absurdly high.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn't suit you.
Apart from the cost, the color of the tie doesn't suit me.
The price was only three thousand yen, or about thirty dollars.
The price is none too high.
Cost is a definite factor in making our decision.
The price depends on the size.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn't suit me.
We fixed the price at $15.
Can you guess the price?
Did you ask the price?
If I knew it, I would tell you.
If he had known, he might have come earlier.
To know is one thing, to practice another.
To know is one thing, and quite another to do.
To know is one thing, to teach is another.
Knowing is one thing, teaching quite another.
To know is one thing, and to do is another.
Well you can imitate everyone you know.
If only I knew!
Had I known it, I would have told you.
If he knows the truth, he will tell us.
If only I knew, I would tell you all that I knew.
It is impossible, you know, to make him agree.
It is one thing to know and another to teach.
The news was very surprising to her.
They were excited at the news.
His face fell when he heard the news.
Before I knew it, the plane had landed.
The years go by before I know, so I don't wanna miss this chance.
Ignorance is bliss.
Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise.
No, I don't. You had better look it up in a telephone directory.
You must beware of strange dogs.
See to it that no strangers come into this room.
You shouldn't accept candy from strangers.
A stranger came up and asked me the way to the hospital.
A stranger seized me by the arm.
Tom trained his dog to bark at strangers.
I'm reluctant to let myself be known in strange company.
If you come across an unfamiliar word, look it up in your dictionary.
Look up words you don't know in your dictionary.
I have these little habits that show themselves when I least expect it, so I have to watch myself.
Didn't you know that?
Don't pretend you don't know.
Night had completely fallen before we knew.
Who doesn't know?
I'll call a repairman I know who'll be at your house to fix the washing machine promptly.
Perception is based, to a very large extent, on conceptual models - which are always inadequate, often incomplete and sometimes profoundly wrong.
Wisdom does not consist only in knowing facts.
Wisdom cannot come without experience.
Wisdom is better than riches.
I racked my brains to write this.
I hear the governor's been getting money under the table from tobacco companies.
The governor is capable of handling his current difficulties.
The governor's speech was published in the magazine.
The governor's speech was aimed at the press.
The governor compromised on the subject to a certain degree.
The governor was surprised by the commission's response.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
The governor dedicated the memorial to the soldiers who died in the war.
The governor decided to provide assistance for the victims.
Knowledge is not an end in itself.
Knowledge in itself is not an end, but a means to an end: to live a full and humane life.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse.
I am no match for her in knowledge.
Knowledge has been passed down to subsequent generation.
Knowledge can only be obtained by study.
Knowledge is power without doubt.
Knowledge is scarce; wisdom is scarcer.
Knowledge is power, but it is power for evil just as much as for good.
Knowledge is power.
It's my belief that knowledge is power.
Don't hesitate to ask for information.
He that increases knowledge increases sorrows.
I must read many books to add to my knowledge.
It is only through knowledge that we, as a nation, can cope with the dangers that threaten our society.
It is one thing to acquire knowledge; it is quite another to apply it.
The more people you know, the less time you have to see them.
The possession of intellect is what distinguishes us from wild animals.
I enjoy intellectual conversations.
There is no such thing as the right speed for intelligent reading.
It is important to have intellectual curiosity.
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.
This is the chief aim of university education: to train the mind.
Noted literary personalities gathered together last evening.
No one equals him in intelligence.
His position enabled him to do so.
The position is conditional on how well you are able to perform.
The community scheme has run up against local opposition.
The claim of community involvement is just window dressing; City Hall will do what it wants to anyhow.
We need to make a survey of local opinion.
There is a shopping district underground.
The cellar is ugly, dark, and stinky.
The basement has been made over into a workshop.
In the underground, to double-cross any member means sure death.
Tom slept peacefully as the underground train rattled on its way.
I struggled to get out of the subway.
I want to get there by subway.
Let's take the subway.
Do you have a subway map?
Could you tell me the way to the subway station?
Can you give me directions to the subway station?
Do you have a guide map of the city?
I can't stand dirty old men in the subway.
Can you tell me where the subway entrance is?
Please could I have a subway map.
The subway is faster than the streetcar.
The subway line is going to be extended out this way.
Could you tell me where I can get a subway?
Subways run under the ground.
Could you tell me how to get to the subway station?
Subway fares will be raised by nearly ten percent as of April 1, 2001.
I'll come in for a nice profit if land values continue to rise.
Land prices still show no sign of evening out.
No one knows when the Earth came into being.
There is no telling exactly when the earth was born.
People once mocked the idea that the earth is round.
There is no one but knows that the earth is round.
That the earth is round is clear now.
It is true that the earth is round.
No one can deny the fact that the earth is round.
It's common knowledge that the earth turns on its axis.
He declared that the earth goes round the sun.
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth?
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
The resources of the earth are limited.
What would happen supposing the earth stopped spinning?
The earth's ecosystem is to some extent self-correcting, so it is also possible that the effects are being masked by other changes.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is water.
One fifth of the earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
About one third of the earth's surface is land.
Two-thirds of the earth's surface is covered with water.
The earth moves at the rate of 68,130 miles an hour.
The earth moves around the sun in 365 days.
The earth came into existence about five thousand million years ago.
The earth is the shape of an orange.
The earth goes around the sun once a year.
The earth is just a sphere suspended in space.
The earth is made up of sea and land.
The earth is not a perfect globe.
The earth is round.
The earth is shaped like a sphere.
The earth is a ball.
The earth is about six times as large as the moon.
The earth is far bigger than the moon.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
The earth is a planet, not a fixed star.
The earth revolves on its axis.
The earth rotates.
The Earth is a small but beautiful planet.
The earth, seen from above, looks like an orange.
The earth is different from the other planets in that it has water.
The earth is small in comparison with the sun.
The earth moves around the sun.
The earth goes around the sun.
The earth travels in an orbit around the sun.
The earth is one of the sun's planets.
The Earth rotates on its axis.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
The earth is a beautiful planet.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about 365 days.
The earth is one of the planets.
The Earth, Mars and Jupiter are planets.
How many satellites have been put into orbit round the earth?
Nine planets including the earth are moving around the sun.
To save the earth, all of us must do something.
Is there life on other worlds?
Because of global warming, it's starting to melt in some parts of Alaska.
Global warming will change the patterns of the weather world-wide.
It is said that global warming is directly related to carbon dioxide emissions.
Global warming can cause serious problems for wild animals, too.
The largest animal on Earth is the gigantic blue whale.
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth.
There are many cultures on Earth.
All things on the Earth are made of atoms.
As a citizen of the world, I know ways of overcoming cultural barriers.
Global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water.
Do you have any beers from local microbreweries?
The local news will be broadcast next.
What's the best local beer that you recommend?
The local police are very strict about traffic violations.
The tourists as well as local people come to the square for shopping.
We must compete with the local stores in price.
The home team won.
There was a flare-up between local residents and state regulators.
Money is everything.
The descent to hell is easy.
The geologists explored for oil on our farm.
Hours lost on the ground cancel out the advantage of speed in the air.
All the people on earth are brothers.
All living things on earth depend one another.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
The view of Mars through earthly telescopes suggested that all was serene.
The news that there was an earthquake turned out to be true.
Earthquakes may occur at any moment.
The earthquake shook the area.
The earthquake brought about the fire.
What will happen to us if an earthquake occurs?
There was an earthquake and, in addition, there was a tsunami.
The earthquake shook the ground.
The earthquake suddenly shook the buildings.
The earthquake came upon the islands.
When an earthquake occurs, what will you do first?
In an earthquake, the ground can shake up and down, or back and forth.
The earthquake caused the house to rattle.
Everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit.
The buildings shook in the earthquake.
The train service was suspended by the earthquake.
After the earthquake, people stared into the deep hole in the ground in surprise.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
Several slight shocks followed the earthquake.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.
Our train stopped for five hours owing to the earthquake.
The water mains burst due to the earthquake.
In case of an earthquake, turn off the gas.
There is no danger of an earthquake.
There is hardly any danger of an earthquake.
This road was partly destroyed in consequence of the earthquake.
The road was partly destroyed in consequence of the earthquake.
Many people were left homeless as a result of the earthquake.
I felt the terror of my neighbors after the earthquake.
Holes gaped open in the streets after the earthquake.
The fear we felt at the earthquake was beyond description.
Leave this building at once in case of an earthquake.
There is little danger of an earthquake.
The day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
An earthquake can take place at any time.
We often hear it said that an earthquake may occur at any moment.
The earthquake was the greatest disaster the country had ever experienced.
No major damage or injuries are known to have resulted from the quake measuring 3.0 on the Richter scale.
Earthquakes can occur at any hour.
The earthquake occurred at dawn.
Nothing is so terrible as an earthquake.
Earthquakes and floods are natural disasters.
If only I had a map, I could show you the way.
I'll look up the location of the town on my map.
Will you show me on this map, please?
I located the town on a map.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
Red circles on the map mark schools.
A map helps us to know where we are.
A map helps us study geography.
The map helped me to orient myself.
Shall I draw a map for you?
Let's spread the map on the table and talk it over.
Could you draw a map for me?
Fold up the map.
Would you draw me a map?
What do these dots represent on the map?
The blue lines on the map correspond to rivers.
Blue lines on the map designate rivers.
The red lines on the map represent railways.
Slow but steady wins the race.
About three fourths of the earth's surface consists of water.
Love appears over the horizon.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
I saw the moon above the horizon.
The sun on the horizon is wonderful.
We have adequate inventories of the product to meet local demand.
Local party members are trying to gerrymander the district.
The district attorney indicted him for theft and murder.
I don't think it's always right for local governments to submit to the central government.
Local officials are twisting arms to push new development projects.
It has been long since they said the time of local government had come.
The ground seems wet.
The water is welling up from the ground.
We saw the ground covered with snow.
The sun baked the ground dry.
Do we have to lie flat on the ground?
The ground is still wet.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be cancelled.
The ground was blanketed with fallen leaves.
The earth lay beneath a blanket of snow.
The ground was completely covered with snow.
The ground is wet after rain.
The ground is covered with snow.
I am weak in geography.
In studying geography, you must make constant use of maps.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
How embarrassing!
Do not be shy. Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
I am ashamed to see her.
Are not you ashamed of yourself?
His cheeks were burning with shame.
Her cheeks began to glow with shame.
Don't bring on any more shame.
Shame cultures are concerned with reputation.
Death preferable to shame.
I would rather die than disgrace myself.
He would rather die than disgrace himself.
Shame on you!
For shame!
I would die before I live on in shame.
A shameless liar speaks smilingly.
The comic book that Tomoko lent me was not at all interesting.
Tomoko bounced happily out the door.
Tomoko asked her friends to come to her party.
The pond has dried up.
The pond has frozen over.
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond.
Look at those fish in the pond.
There are a lot of fish in the pond.
There is a bridge over the pond.
A big red fish is swimming about in the pond.
The pond was dotted with fallen leaves.
There is a man by the side of the pond.
The fish jumped up in the pond.
There are a lot of trees around the pond.
There used to be big trees around the pond.
The pond was encircled with trees.
Skating on the pond is dangerous.
What is the distance across the pond?
The pond froze over.
The pond was frozen hard.
You transfer at Ikebukuro Station.
Ikeda is my last name, and Kazuko is my first name.
Mr Ikeda wants to buy a new car.
Mr. and Mrs. Ikeda talked to Ken's teacher.
Put your name on the notebook in case you forget it.
Put the box wherever you can find room for it, please.
Fatal errors arise from carelessness.
A spider weaves a web.
Spiders prey on flies and other small insects.
Sooner or later, you will be in trouble.
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV as ours is a very old model.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be set free.
Sooner or later, his luck will run out.
Sooner or later, he will master French.
We shall die sooner or later.
Sooner or later everybody becomes adjusted to life.
We all die sooner or later.
He will eventually ruin himself.
Sooner or later, she'll get over the shock.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be released.
Slow but sure wins the race.
Come here by ten at the latest.
Please be here by eight at the latest.
Please estimate the losses by Friday at the latest.
See to it that you estimate the losses by Friday at the latest.
I'll be home by midnight at the latest.
Please check in at least an hour before leaving.
Be sure to check in at least 45 minutes prior to departure time.
It was late, so I went home.
If I'm late, I'll catch it.
I think I must be leaving since it is getting late.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
Oh, I'm late. I should be going now.
I'm sorry I am late, but there's been a lot of work to do.
Let's beat it before it gets too late.
If I'm late, I'll call.
You had better not stay up late.
Is loud music OK with the neighbors at this hour?
Don't sit up till late.
I'm accustomed to sitting up late.
Getting up late, I missed the bus.
Do not shorten the morning by getting up late.
The number of people who prefer to marry late is gradually rising.
Please pardon me for coming late.
You shouldn't blame him for being late.
I must apologize for the delay.
We ask you to account for your delay.
It matters little if we are late.
As I was late, I took a bus.
The bad weather is responsible for the delay.
Devil take the hindmost.
Pardon me for coming late.
You must apologize to her for coming late.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Please excuse my being late.
Many apologies for being so late!
Pardon my being late.
Forgive me for being late.
We mustn't be late.
It was typical of him to arrive late.
Sorry to be late.
It looks like I'm going to arrive late.
Students arriving late will not be permitted to enter the hall.
Latecomers weren't admitted to the show.
I'm sorry for being late.
Walk faster so as not to fall behind.
I told her not to be late.
I left early so as not to be late.
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.
We must not be late.
Don't be late.
I fear that we are late.
I'm afraid we can't make up for lost ground.
I wish I could make up for lost time.
I'll be late for school!
I didn't feel like scolding her for being late.
Please forgive me for being late.
You are late.
You are late. The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
You're a good actor, pretending you were late because you don't feel well.
Few girls were late for school.
Excuse me for being late.
Please excuse me for coming late.
I was scolded by the teacher for being late.
I assure you that I won't be late.
I firmly believe it is characteristic of him to be late.
It is unlike him to be late.
I was afraid I might be late.
I'm afraid that I might be late.
It's characteristic of him to be late.
The number of students who come late to class has lately been increasing.
Can you explain why you were late?
Shit! I've got a flat.
The bamboo is bending with the weight of the snow.
Bamboo bends before the wind.
The gramophone was born of Edison's brain.
I have sinus trouble.
Tea is widely grown in India.
I'd prefer a brown one.
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
What do you have in brown suede jackets, size 40?
I'm looking for a hat to match a brown dress.
A bowl of rice is about 180 grams.
A soft answer is a specific cure of anger.
We had hardly arrived when Lucy started crying to go home.
Write to me as soon as you get there.
I will wire you when I get there.
When we arrived, the crowd had faded away.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as I arrive.
Why not try it on?
I escaped from the fire with nothing but the clothes on my back.
Regarding clothing, he is hard to please.
We use cloth to make clothes.
I don't have a thing to wear.
No woman is indifferent to her clothing.
Slow and steadily wins the race.
How does it fit you?
I'm going to change and I'll be back.
I went home to change my clothes.
I only wear a kimono about once a year.
Do you wear a kimono?
Her figure will be shown off to advantage in a kimono.
I like apples among other things.
Some continue to work part time, while others do volunteer work.
Some people don't approve of professional baseball.
Some of them seem to be too difficult.
Some people have even visited the moon.
Some women look more masculine than feminine.
Some of them are too much to bear.
Please open your bag so that I can see what you have in it.
Why not come in and wait here?
My ears are going to freeze if I don't go in.
Let me in.
Move into the bus, please!
Central Bank is a bank that deals mainly with other banks and the government and assumes broad responsibilities in the interests of the national economy apart from the earning of profits.
I think it's by the Chuo Line.
Passengers going to the Chuo Line, please change trains at the next stop.
Chinese food is no less delicious than French.
In junior high and high schools, they say insidious forms of bullying are on the rise.
The mid-term exams are just around the corner.
Let's break off, shall we?
Let's take a break, shall we?
The price is kind of high for a used car.
The majority of the middle-aged people felt anxiety for their future.
In China, they celebrate New Year by the lunar calendar.
Beauty in China was associated with wealth.
China and Japan differ in many points.
I had never seen a panda until I went to China.
In the Chinese football game in which the players used their feet and bodies - but never their hands - the goal was a hole in a net made from silk.
Without Chinese influences, Japanese culture would not be what it is today.
I don't have the feeling for Chinese music in my body.
China's desert supports more people than are in Japan.
Chinese food was served in small portions which did not require cutting with a knife or fork.
The population of China is larger than that of India.
The population of China is 8 times that of Japan.
The population of China is about eight times as large as that of Japan.
The population of China is larger than that of Japan.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is rich in natural resources.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
China is a leading exporter of arms.
Foreign direct investments in China amounted to $3 billion last year.
The black and white bears living in the mountains in China and Tibet are called 'pandas'.
If you travel in China, it is best to go with a guide.
Can you speak either Chinese or Russian?
Can you count to ten in Chinese?
May I be excused from Chinese?
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.
I wish I'd kept up my Chinese. I need it for my job.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
She gains an advantage over me in speaking Chinese.
Can you tell a Chinese person from Japanese?
Compared with the Chinese, the Japanese are poor linguists.
The Chinese are a friendly people.
The Chinese are a hard-working people.
What do Chinese people have for breakfast?
Tom is anticipating his trip to China.
My husband is an expert when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
Chinese food is no less nice than French food is.
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.
Towns are very crowded today.
The central location gives easy access to stores and offices.
Let's drop in on the Nakamoris'.
In the Middle Ages, milk was still popular as a medicine.
During the Middle Ages, astronomers had clung to the theory of a Greek philosopher.
In England in the Middle Ages, whole towns played football on certain holidays, sometimes with as many as 500 players at one time.
The medieval church despised the body and exalted the spirit.
The medieval times were an age when a human being wasn't free.
People are taking sides on the abortion issue.
Nakagawa was on the point of going out when I called on him.
Is Mr Nakamura at home?
Mr Nakamura went bar hopping in Tokyo.
There is a small pond in the court.
I have a small vegetable garden on my patio.
Do you have a table in the patio?
I don't like to leave things up in the air.
You may as well not do it at all than do it imperfectly.
In addition to English, Mr. Nakajima can speak German fluently.
Supply of oil from the Middle East may be disturbed.
No one knows whether there will be a war in the Middle East.
The current situation in the Middle East is a time bomb of tensions.
Middle Eastern oil prices jumped by five dollars per barrel.
The Middle East is still called a powder keg.
The Middle East supplies a major portion of the oil that Japan consumes.
The Middle East is the cradle of civilization.
Secondary education has two sides.
She was a middle-aged urban professional.
In Central America, forests are replaced by cattle ranches.
A neutral country was asked to help settle the dispute.
Some of the members of the middle class have fallen into poverty.
A quarrel brought about the break.
In the company of good friends, the time flew by.
A good mediator can make a deal go smoothly.
Join us, won't you?
It seems to be my lot to be an odd man out.
My comrades encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
I got sick riding the roller coaster with the loop-the-loop.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
Good advice grates on the ear.
It is necessary for you to follow your mother's advice.
Advice is like salt.
We may give advice, but we do not inspire conduct.
Abstract art is not to the taste of everyone.
Abstract art is something to feel.
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.
The days are growing longer.
It may snow in the afternoon.
How about going out for lunch?
Day alternates with night.
Day and night come alternately.
I have an appointment with him at noon.
Do you offer any day tours?
Night always follows day.
Do you think we'll reach his house before noon?
Let's have lunch!
A lot of cars speed by on this expressway day and night.
I have rather a busy afternoon in front of me.
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
No stars are to be seen in the daytime.
Grandmother looks after the children during the day.
The sun gives light by day, and the moon by night.
There are some people who sleep in the daytime and work at night.
Finishing lunch, he played tennis.
What do you want for lunch?
How about going for a walk after lunch?
We have an hour's recess for lunch from twelve to one.
Is it too early to order from the luncheon menu?
The lunch is on the table.
Lunch is at 12:00 to coincide with the Technical Group.
I don't want lunch.
This will have to do for lunch.
Where are you going to eat lunch?
Lunch will be ready soon.
What shall we have for lunch?
Every person is expected to bring their own lunch.
You do not have to bring your lunch.
Having finished lunch, we went skating.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
He left after he had lunch.
I will go with you after I have eaten my lunch.
You've taken a long time eating lunch.
We scarcely had time for lunch.
Can we make a lunch date?
The phone rang when I was having lunch.
Are you eating lunch?
Let's eat lunch.
We asked ten people to the luncheon.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make it for our luncheon appointment.
How about a cup of coffee after lunch?
Would after lunch be convenient for you?
Let's continue the game after lunch.
After lunch we have two more classes.
After lunch, set out for the next destination.
Do you think you could make it before lunch?
I'll fix a sandwich or something for your lunch.
While napping, I had a strange dream.
If you work day and night, you will lose your health.
The pillar tilted to the right and fell.
The notes are at the bottom of the page.
There are enough accidents without asking for one.
We'll have to go about it with care.
Answer my question carefully.
If you weren't careless, your word processor wouldn't break down.
You can use my car as long as you drive it carefully.
Some books, if read carelessly, will do more harm than good.
Read carefully, this book will do you good.
Unless you listen carefully, you'll be in trouble later.
Listen carefully, or you won't follow me.
If you don't look out, you will get into trouble.
You will hurt yourself if you're not careful.
You've got to be careful or else you'll miss it again.
Be more careful. You often leave out some letter or other.
This is the nth time I've told you to be careful.
Do you have any advice for me?
Watch carefully and you can see how my lips move in pronouncing the word.
I was allowed to go off by myself provided that I promised to be careful.
The more careful you are, the fewer mistakes you make.
Careful driving prevents accidents.
Careful as he was, he made an unexpected mistake.
Careful as he was he made unexpected mistakes.
Driving carefully, you'll be able to avoid accidents.
If you look carefully, you'll find some insects.
Look carefully, or you will miss Jane's mother.
A careful observation will show you the difference.
Please listen carefully.
I tremble with fear at the thought of an injection.
I'll give you a shot.
I received an item that I did not order.
The items which you ordered arrived.
All orders must be accompanied with cash.
We can build speakers to order.
Please cancel my order and send confirmation that this has been done.
Please cancel my order and refund the money.
Indicate size, color, and style on the order form.
We will deliver the products within 30 days after the date of Purchase Order.
The important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem.
You're taking a lot for granted.
Even worms are bought for medical research.
Even a worm will turn.
You should try not to scratch your insect bites.
You should try not to scratch insect bites.
The insect ate the peach hollow.
I had a feeling this might happen.
He looks as if he could not even harm a fly.
Since I developed this cavity, my tooth has been really sensitive to heat and cold.
I don't have any cavities.
The decayed tooth came out on its own.
Bad teeth often cause pain.
Treat a decayed tooth.
It wasn't my lucky day. First, I got a parking ticket and then things went from bad to worse when I got pulled over for making a U-turn.
There were white lines around it, and it had a notice saying, "Reserved for Head of College."
Parked cars are in the way.
I was fined six thousand yen for a parking violation.
Pharamp paid a fine for illegal parking.
Parking fines are very costly.
The official informed Bob that his request for a parking permit had been rejected.
No parking.
You must not park your car in a no parking zone.
A car in the parking lot is on fire.
Not a soul was to be seen in the parking lot.
Dozens of cars were parked in the parking lot.
Is there a parking lot?
Do you know who the British Ambassador to Japan is?
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
Each time an author re-writes a book, it is a new edition.
The authors state quite categorically that the female members of only a small number of species also sing.
I will include the author's and publisher's names.
It is illegal to copy from books without the author's permission.
The author's verbiage produced a document of mammoth size and microscopic import.
The present writer doesn't intend to deal with this matter.
The author dedicated the book to his sister.
The author revised his manuscript over and over again.
The author illustrated his book with a lot of pictures.
The author lumps all the different European literatures together.
He derives his income from writing books.
It took years of saving, but their seagoing vacation come true at last.
It was prudent of you to save money.
It is not worthwhile saving money.
Interest accrued from the money left in my savings account.
None of the money was left in the money box.
What about the tall grass you left over by the cellar door?
It's just what I wanted.
A polite manner is characteristic of Japanese people.
Stop talking.
She speaks Spanish well.
Keep accounts.
Post No Bills.
I put up a notice.
The district attorney wasn't content with a two-year sentence.
He was sentenced to three years in jail.
I got five years in prison.
He looked the toughest of all the challengers.
The newspaper should be delivered by 7 o'clock in the morning.
Bob cooks breakfast in the morning.
I am in the habit of taking my dog for a walk in the morning.
Get up fifteen minutes earlier in the morning.
It is my practice to get up at 6 a.m.
I wake up at half past six in the morning.
It has been raining on and off since morning.
It's been raining since morning.
The temperature has fallen since morning.
Snow has been falling steadily since this morning.
He was burning the candle at both ends.
Morning found them on deck.
What would you like for breakfast?
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.
What do you usually have for breakfast?
May I take a shower in the morning?
You look happy, so bright and early.
In the morning, we clear the futon.
It must be morning, for the birds are singing.
I am not a morning person.
It's 7:50 in the morning.
I must call him sometimes during the morning.
The morning rush is at its peak now.
Nothing is as pleasant as a walk in the morning.
The morning sun is so bright that I cannot see it.
The morning forecast predicted thunder showers later in the day.
It's eight o'clock in the morning.
It's always darkest before the dawn.
Study in the cool of the morning.
Morning worship begins at eleven o'clock.
The morning service began with a hymn.
What goes on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon, and three legs in the evening?
The morning is just a few hours away.
The air is fresh in the morning.
I like brown toast in the morning.
When do you usually get up?
Stay with me till the dawn.
We often took a walk along the seashore together in the morning.
I feel sick when I get up in the morning.
Breakfast is ready.
Water the flowers before you eat breakfast.
I like coffee and toast for breakfast.
Do you want a boiled egg for breakfast?
Please wake me for breakfast.
I like eggs for breakfast, but my sister prefers oatmeal.
What do you want for breakfast?
What did you have for breakfast?
I don't care to have coffee after breakfast.
Can I order from the breakfast menu?
I went for a walk after breakfast.
Is breakfast ready?
How about taking a walk before breakfast?
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
What does breakfast include?
She's getting breakfast ready.
Are you through with your breakfast?
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.
When and where is breakfast served?
Breakfast is a smorgasbord.
As I didn't have any breakfast, I am very hungry now.
What time will you have breakfast?
Breakfast is served from 7:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.
Bring two breakfasts, please. Number 2 on the menu, and two teas with milk.
While having breakfast, we made a plan for the day.
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.
Have you eaten breakfast yet?
John often has a quick breakfast.
I'd like to have breakfast with you.
Eating a good breakfast is very wise.
Having finished breakfast, I hurried to school.
You had better have breakfast.
I skipped my breakfast.
We shall start after breakfast.
I dashed out just after breakfast.
After breakfast, we went out for a walk.
I always take some exercise before breakfast.
It is characteristic of him to go to work before breakfast.
My routine is to read the newspaper before breakfast.
It was my father's wont to read the newspaper before breakfast.
A walk before breakfast is refreshing.
It was hard to work without breakfast.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
I took to sleeping late in the morning.
I got up too late and was late for school.
Korea allowed an inspection by the IAEA.
Have you ever been to the Korean Peninsula?
Birds sing early in the morning.
Leave home early in the morning, and you will get to your destination before dark.
Don't wanna get up early to work hard.
Get up early in the morning.
It is good for the health to rise early.
I'm accustomed to getting up early.
It is pleasant to get up early in the morning.
Let's start early in the morning, shall we?
If you set out early, you'll be in time for the train.
It is against etiquette to call on a person early in the morning.
The rising sun dispelled the mist.
The castle shone in the rising sun as if it were on fire.
The Asahi Shimbun did not carry that news.
It's getting cooler, particularly in the mornings and evenings.
It is getting colder and colder morning and evening. The leaves of trees will soon turn red or yellow.
It is getting colder and colder morning and evening.
I hear that studying in the morning is more effective. Studying one hour in the morning is as good as three hours at night.
The tide is on the ebb.
The tide is rising fast.
The tide is coming in.
The tides are influenced by the moon and the sun.
The drift of the current is to the south.
There she blows!
The tide carried the boat out to sea.
It is no more than two miles to the town.
Happening in a city, the accident would have caused a disaster.
I chanced to see her on the street.
The oldest movie theater in town is being pulled down now.
Please look in on me when you're in town.
In the city, the information is flooding.
Tears fall in my heart like the rain on the town.
We lost sight of the tower as we entered the town.
This part of the city is strange to me.
All the houses in town were empty.
Many of the city's leading restaurants close down for the whole of August.
The town hall was full of people.
A plane is flying above the city.
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
People in the town came to help him.
The townspeople were astonishingly naive about what the smugglers were.
The townsfolk were frightened by the earthquake.
The townspeople looked curiously at me.
The town water supply was seriously obstructed by heavy rainfalls.
In other areas of the city, fighting continued.
Now the lights of the city were bright and very close, and the streetlights shone all night.
The town has altered a lot in the last two years.
The town has changed a great deal since then.
The town is 3 miles from the place.
All of the town was destroyed by a fire.
The town was humming with activity.
The city, as far as the eye could see, lay in ruins.
The town was zoned for factories and residences.
The city was conquered, and he was driven out.
The city was blanketed with snow.
Towns are larger than villages.
The city was bombed by enemy planes.
The population of the town decreases year by year.
The town slept.
The city was wrapped in fog.
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
The whole town accorded a hearty welcome to the visitor.
It is our duty to keep our town clean.
I spent my time strolling about the streets.
I'll show you around the town.
A dreadful accident happened on the corner.
The whole town was very clean.
The entire town was under water.
The whole town was blown out.
Everywhere in town it's getting dark.
The whole town was in a ferment.
The whole town lay sleeping.
The whole town knows about it.
The fact is known to everyone in the town.
To the astonishment of the whole city, the mayor was arrested.
High above the city stands the old castle.
The townspeople like to eat thick steaks.
I'd like a room with a good view.
Be a good listener.
Let me rephrase it.
You must get lecture tickets in advance.
The audience gave the singer a big applause.
A cheer went up from the audience.
The audience was mostly businessmen.
The mass of the audience supported him.
Everyone in the audience burst into simultaneous laughter.
Among the audience, there were teachers, lawyers, engineers, and so on.
Among the audience, there were students, teachers, clerks, and so on.
The audience walked out of the theater, looking bored.
The audience was close to a thousand.
With one accord the audience stood up and applauded.
The audience was diverted with funny stories.
The audience laughed at the comedian's wit.
The audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin.
The audience were excited by the show.
The audience roared with laughter.
The audience was very large.
The audience were mostly young girls.
The audience were mostly adolescents.
The audience were all foreigners.
The whole audience erupted in laughter.
The audience applauded the performer.
The audience kept time to the music.
The listeners stood in an attentive attitude.
The audience consisted mainly of students.
The audience was deeply affected.
The audience showed their impatience with a stamping of feet.
Being bored, the audience began to yawn.
The audience looked bored.
The audience was largely made up of very young children.
The audience exploded with laughter.
The audience applauded him, which means his performance was a success.
The audience were fascinated by his speech.
The audience was impressed by his profound lecture.
The audience clapped loudly after his speech.
The audience was greatly impressed by his speech.
The audience was impressed by his eloquent lecture.
The hearing were made off-limits to the press.
I have trouble with my bowels.
A butterfly is a mature caterpillar.
When I inquired I found that it was the wrong person.
On examination, I found that it was impossible to carry out the plan.
On examination the jewel proved to be an imitation.
It wants looking into.
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.
The investigation will probably bring a lot of details to light.
Research has shown how polluted the rivers are these days.
A few important facts emerged after the investigation.
What are you going to make a survey of?
The investigating committee is looking into the cause of the accident.
We have to appoint new members of the examining board.
When he left the place, it was in an utter mess.
The investigator left no stone unturned in his search for evidence. When he left the place, it was in an utter mess.
The inspector arrived at the school late on Monday morning.
A research organization investigated the effect.
The surveyor could also advise the promoters which route could be most easilyand therefore most cheaplyconstructed.
Investigators are running a probe into what caused the crash.
How long do I have to wait to pick up the medicine?
How's it going?
You're hitting your stride.
Don't push your luck.
I was drinking with total abandon and blacked out. I have no idea what I was doing.
Don't get so carried away.
With the development of supersonic jet planes, the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.
Great speed is a feature of the Concorde.
There exist supernatural beings.
The superpowers negotiated in earnest for the settlement of the intense conflict.
The superexpress Nozomi runs faster than the Hikari.
A very elderly couple is having an elegant dinner to celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary.
Have I kept you waiting long?
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting long. A visitor has kept me busy till now.
It was long before I realized her real love.
I have been silent for a long time.
I have long wanted that car.
I haven't had any chocolate cake in a month of Sundays.
We had a long wait for the bus.
I had not waited long before he arrived.
We waited long, but he didn't turn up.
Not having been to Tokyo for a long time, I often got lost.
It was a long time before she understood me.
The long walk tired me.
They lived high on the hog for so long, and now they can't adjust to a simple life without luxuries.
Long skirts are very much in fashion.
His long sickness ran him into debt.
A long day has passed on.
Many trees died during the long drought.
We've had no rain for ages; in fact, not since the beginning of April.
Their capital was Cuzco for many years.
I haven't seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
You could be here for a long while.
Sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I must apologize to you for not writing for so long.
I found the book I had long been looking for.
It rained yesterday after it had been dry for a long time.
It was long before he knew it.
Not feeling well after a long drive, I slept for a while.
The dog lay panting after his long chase.
I have long wanted to see you.
For ages, man has been fighting against disease.
I managed to acquire the book after a long search.
I'm sorry I have kept you waiting so long.
I tried for a long time before I succeeded.
I have not heard from him for a long time.
For a long time I wanted to meet him.
I waited for her a long time.
You must be starving now after your long walk.
We were tired out after our long walk.
She lay awake for a long time, thinking of her future.
The long discussion came to an end at last.
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.
Only after a long dispute did they come to a conclusion.
A long discussion boiled down to a realistic conclusion.
The long vacation will give him back his health.
Let's enjoy the long vacation.
I exhausted myself by walking a long distance.
At the outset of the long voyage I was seasick, but I gradually began to get my sea legs.
I'm tired from the long walk.
I feel hungry after a long walk.
A long thread is easily entangled.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time.
Let's take advantage of the long weekend.
We had a long spell of fine weather.
He was famous during his long life and his work was very popular.
The long fight ended in 1920.
The long voyage was a trial for us.
I was kept waiting for an eternity.
It took a long, long time.
There was a long silence. At length she said, "So you're leaving me."
There they stayed for a few days.
Many years went by.
That girl whose hair is long is Judy.
I saw a girl with long hair.
That girl who has long hair is Judy.
It stands to reason that he cannot work as hard as he used to after a long illness.
It stands to reason that he can't work hard after a long illness.
Business is finally looking up after a long depression.
If you can't lick 'em, join 'em.
I awoke from a long dream.
I hope you won't expect results immediately.
In the long run, we can save a lot of money by buying this machine.
I distracted myself from the boredom of my long journey by reading mysteries.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
The long war came to an end at last.
Are you going to stay long?
My hands became swollen up while taking a long bath.
Will it be much longer?
Better short and sweet, than long and lax.
I can wait four days at the longest.
The long cruel winter at last came to an end, giving place to a gentle warm spring.
The long game came to an end at last.
The prolonged drought did severe damage to crops.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
The long walk tired me out.
When I asked her if she was tired after the long walk, she said, "sort of."
My legs ached after the long walk.
I felt hungry after the long walk.
She must be tired after a long walk.
By dint of long practice he became most skillful.
By means of long practice, became skillful.
Will it take long to recover?
Because of the protracted depression, many workers are unemployed.
A long spell of rainy weather is harmful to plants.
The governor invested him with full authority.
Working so long on the graveyard shift made his health suffer badly.
After being ill for a long time, Jane turned into a couch potato.
We called him to account for his long absence.
Long practice enabled him to speak fluent English.
While long-term credit banks are authorized by law to issue bonds to raise fund, they are not allowed to take deposits the way ordinary banks are.
Deposits on long-term leases.
The long-range forecast says we will have a mild winter.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
The long walk gave him a good appetite.
He was surprised at the long-distance phone bill.
Mold grew on the boots.
Nagasaki, where I was born, is a beautiful port city.
I will have been to Nagasaki three times if I go there again.
It took a long time, but in the end I was able to convince him.
We tend to slack off after many hours of hard work.
If you walk a lot, you will develop calluses on your heel.
Here's to a long and happy life!
The tall man looked at Tom and smiled.
Don't smoke if you want to live a long life.
It is said that the secret of long life is to have something to live for.
But he knew it couldn't last.
The eldest son succeeded to all the property.
My first son was named after my uncle.
After considerable argument, the buyer and the seller finally came to terms.
For many years I thought that it was beauty alone that gave significance to life and that the only purpose that could be assigned to the generations that succeed one another on the face of this crowded earth was to produce an artist now and then.
We had to sell the building because for years we operated it in the red.
Old habits die hard.
After being out in the wind and rain for years and years the walls of this apartment building are weather-beaten and brittle.
My long cherished dream finally came true.
Years of practice has enabled me to keep accounts without difficulty.
In his lengthy career, he had never seen the market so high.
Long cherished dreams don't always come true.
Long hair is out of fashion now.
When I visited my friend in Nagano, I was treated to delicious soba.
Nagano beat Salt Lake City by 46 votes to 42.
Nagano beat Tokyo 2 to 3.
The road to Nagano is closed to traffic.
The long trip aggravated her injury.
The rising sun seen from the top was beautiful.
Look at the mountain whose top is covered with snow.
What is the name of the mountain whose top is covered with snow?
Can you see the snow-topped mountain?
That mountain whose top is covered with snow is the one that we climbed last summer.
When we reached the summit, we all yelled out into the void.
Daisuke climbed to the summit.
The top is covered with snow.
The climb to the summit took six hours.
A bird was caught by a cat.
Birds came flying by twos and threes.
I found the cage empty.
The birds in the cage are canaries.
The birds sang.
The birds are flying around.
A bird soared above.
The birds are singing.
The birds went across the sea.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
Birds are flying in the air.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
The birds are flying high in the sky.
The birds pecked grains.
Unlike birds, which feed and shelter their young, fish abandon their eggs.
Some birds alighted on the window sill.
A bird is singing in the tree.
Birds are flying above the trees.
Birds were singing among the trees.
The birds are singing in the trees.
The bird flapped its wings.
Birds sing.
Birds are pecking at the grounds.
The birds flew away in alarm when they saw the cat.
Were I a bird, I would be there at once.
If I had been a bird, I could have flown to you.
I dreamt I was a bird.
Birds have a homing instinct.
A bird has wings.
Feed the bird!
I wish I could fly like a bird.
The desire to fly in the sky like a bird inspired the invention of the airplane.
We may be able to see birds' nests.
Bird's wings correspond to man's arms.
Birds always return to their nests.
A bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking.
Birds have sharp eyes.
Birds feed on berries and corn seeds.
Birds fly in the sky.
The birds were flying in a group.
The bird soared above.
Birds are natural enemies of insects.
The birds flew away in all directions.
The birds settled on the branches.
Birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes.
The bird dipped its head into the water.
Birds build nests of twigs.
Birds make a nest in the springtime to raise their babies in.
Birds build nests.
The birds flew south in search of warmth.
The bird was looking for worms.
Birds fly long distances.
Birds fly south in winter.
The birds flew to the south.
The bird flew away and was lost to sight.
Birds fly.
Birds usually wake up early in the morning.
Birds learn to fly by instinct.
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
Birds make their nests in trees.
Birds fly with their wings.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
Birds lay eggs.
The fowls were well roasted by the cook.
Let the bird fly away.
I'd like three pounds of chicken.
The truly remarkable feature of sound production by birds is that the two sides of the syrinx can act independently.
How long will it take for alterations?
How long does it take to alter it?
I'd like to have your answer right away.
I recommend you to set about your business without delay.
Unless I leave right away, I'll be late for my appointment.
A right angle has ninety degrees.
It took me about two and a half hours to dig a hole one meter in diameter and two meters in depth.
I went via Beijing of necessity because there wasn't a direct flight.
Naoko lives in that white house.
Naoko swims.
Naoko is a swimmer.
Naoko is good at swimming.
Naoko is a fast runner.
Naoko can run fast.
Naoko came back to Japan.
We had better protect our eyes from direct sunlight.
Naoto takes after his father in appearance.
Can I dial direct?
Why don't you consult an attorney in person?
Opinion against the direct tax was dominant.
Can I call directly?
Draw a straight line.
Naomi has just finished her work.
Naomi is very glad about having won first prize.
Naomi shifted her bag from one hand to the other.
Little did he realize the danger he was facing.
We are not amused.
Look at the setting sun.
Her calm words banished our fears.
Be silent, or say something better than silence.
Voiceless screaming was interestingly represented through music notation by Alfred Schnittke: "silence fortissimo".
Silence often implies resistance.
Silence is golden, but not when trying to learn a foreign language.
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
Silence often implies consent.
Many Americans are uncomfortable with silence, and they tend to regard silence in a conversation as a signal that they need to start talking.
That's unusual.
It is difficult to break the vicious circle of wages and prices.
Wages and salary are pay received at regular times.
Why don't you ask for a pay raise?
I'm looking for an apartment to rent.
Any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable.
Do you have a pain reliever?
Take the pain reliever only when you need it.
Do not touch the exhibits.
It is carried away by tidal waves.
The tidal wave warning has been canceled.
The crashed plane burst into flames.
We prepared ourselves for the crash.
I have a slipped disc.
We keep shiitake mushrooms dry.
A highwayman robbed a foot passenger of his money.
The meeting was put off till further notice.
The pursued remnant of soldiers decided it was high time for a show-down one way or another.
Please advise us as to what topic you would like to add or delete by June 12.
I was pressed by their questioning and slipped into telling an obvious lie.
I've got to take a make-up test.
I have to take the test again.
P. S. I love you.
Ouch!! I've been stung by a bee!!
Did I hurt you?
Please let me know if it hurts.
I can't bear the pain.
He could no longer stand the pain.
Please be gentle.
If you have pain, take a painkiller.
It will only hurt a little.
Don't care a hang about it.
The pain was more than he could bear, so he took some medicine.
The pain was such that I was not able to sleep.
The pain has gone.
The pain is getting worse.
The pain shoots into my right leg.
I can't stand this pain.
The pain has lessened a little.
You must endure the pain.
Do you have any pain?
The pain will wear off.
The pain will go away by and by.
The pain has started to ease now.
It's not worth the pain.
Please give me something to kill the pain.
I'll give you a painkilling injection.
Please give me a painkiller.
Clutching my painful wound...
May I sneak in? My flight is leaving soon.
A passing car splashed water on us.
I entered the bookstore on the way.
Thought it was noise on the street, I could hear my name called.
Because of the icy streets, we could not drive the car.
We heard glass shattering in our street.
He deliberately ignored me when I passed him in the street.
I met a party of students on the street.
I passed a boy in the street.
They were fighting on the street.
I met him in the street.
It is dangerous to play in the street.
An old man spoke to me on the street.
There were a number of cars on the street.
We see a lot of cars on the street.
There were hundreds of cars on the street.
Not a soul was to be seen on the street.
No one was to be seen on the street.
We could not see anyone in the street.
Cherry trees are planted along the street.
There are stores along the street.
There is a crowd of people on the street.
He ran out into traffic.
Everybody that came to the street was surprised.
Access only.
You can park on either side of the street.
If there is a lot of traffic in the streets, we say in English that the traffic is heavy.
There is a church across the street.
The ambulance broke down in the middle of the avenue.
The noise from the street affected our work.
There were a lot of people on both sides of the street.
The street is full of activity.
The streets were decorated with flags.
The street was crowded with cars.
The street is clogged with traffic.
The street was crowded with people.
The street was in utter chaos.
The street was bustling with shoppers.
The streets are alive with shoppers.
Look to right and left in crossing the street.
When I was crossing the street, I saw an accident.
You can't be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You must be careful in crossing the street.
You cannot be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You cannot be too careful in crossing the street.
You should look out for cars when you cross the street.
Look out for cars in crossing the street.
He slipped while crossing the street.
Look to the left and right before crossing the street.
I was able to find the street, but I couldn't find her house.
Don't run across the street.
Crossing the street, he was knocked down by a car.
Look at the man crossing the street.
It's across the street.
In crossing the street, you must watch out for cars.
I took my little sister by the hand when we crossed the street.
My little sister took my hand when we crossed the street.
Cross the street.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend of mine.
Walking along the street, I happened to meet my old friend.
While I was walking down the street, I happened to see a traffic accident.
Walking along the street, I found a wallet.
I was walking down the street when suddenly someone tapped me on the shoulder.
Walking along the street, I hit on a solution to the problem.
Walking along the street, I met the lady.
Waking on the street, he met Jim.
Walking along the street, I met Mr Smith.
This is a tropical storm. It'll be over soon.
Trees are planted along the street.
Instead of giving the money, that is the normal coin of the realm, which is the phrase that everyone used then, they would give them a token, and this token might be metal, might be wood, might be cardboard.
Currency and bond markets are relatively calm.
A passing car splashed my coat with water.
Watch out for passing cars.
It is next to impossible to go to school.
It takes two hours to go to school by bus and train.
Crossing guards are posted during school hours to guide children safely across busy streets.
Commuters were deprived of their transport by the strike.
When you get into a commuter train, you see the briefcases neatly stacked on the racks.
I go to my work at eight forty as a rule.
We will include the usual acknowledgments.
Normal sleep is made up of two phases.
A correspondent must soon adjust himself to life abroad.
The telecommunications market is totally up for grabs.
Mail order is the main form of direct marketing.
An ideal pillow is available from a mail-order house.
Why don't you apply for the job of interpreter?
As a rule, we don't allow smoking.
Don't put your things in the passage.
Could I sit on the aisle?
I'd like an aisle seat, please.
I'd like one on the aisle, please.
Should I cancel the call?
You must be more careful about spelling and punctuation.
You have made only a few spelling mistakes.
There is no sugar left in the pot.
That keeps me on my toes.
Please hang onto the strap.
When it comes to fishing, he's an expert.
I got up early this morning to go fishing.
I went fishing.
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
The fisherman cast the fishing line into the water.
Keep the change, please.
How beautiful and free the cranes were! Sadako sighed and closed her eyes.
No wonder he is a henpecked husband.
Corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate.
Of course, they are suffering from terrible working conditions such as low wages and arbitrary layoffs, as well as from various forms of discrimination.
Didn't you disregard a stop sign?
A power failure contributed to the confusion in the hall.
The levee kept the floodwater back.
The bank secured the city from a flood.
We'll allow a 5 percent discount off list prices.
Periodicals may not be removed from the reading room.
In addition to taking the regular tests, we have to hand in a long essay.
The liner will call at Kobe on Tuesday.
We will grant you a special discount of 5% provided that you could guarantee placing regular orders.
It's best to go to the dentist at regular intervals.
A ruler helps one to draw a straight line.
Some words are hard to define.
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.
Are we arriving on time?
To our amusement, the curtain began to rise ahead of time.
I'm looking for some regular work.
I'd like to have a Caesarian operation.
The empire strikes back.
As he stood there he might have been a fiend.
It seems a long way to the bottom.
Grab the bottom.
I see your cat in the garden.
The flowers in the garden are very beautiful.
You can go out and play as long as you stay in the yard.
There are a lot of flowers in the garden.
Rose and lilies are in bloom in the garden. I like these better than those.
What is in the garden?
The garden was grown over with weeds.
Are there many flowers in the garden?
There was nobody in the garden.
There are pretty flowers in the garden.
The garden was a riot of color.
The garden is fragrant with the smell of roses.
I have a bench in my garden; I like to sit outside and enjoy the afternoon sun.
There's an old cherry tree in the garden.
We have planted the garden.
I'll water the garden.
I'd like a room facing the garden.
There are beautiful flowers here and there in the garden.
The pear tree in the garden bears a lot of fruit.
The roses in the garden are in flower.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.
Little by little, the buds on the rosebush in my garden begin to open.
The roses in the garden are in full bloom.
The flowers in my garden have withered in the cold.
The flowers in the garden need watering.
All the flowers in the garden are yellow.
All the flowers in the garden withered.
The flowers in the garden bloom in spring.
All the flowers in the garden died for lack of water.
The flowers in the garden are beautiful.
Let's pick flowers from the garden.
There was a high wall about the garden.
It's his job to pull the weeds in the garden.
Why don't I try to do something about the garden?
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
Can you name all the trees in the garden?
The garden is still in shadow.
The garden is in front of the house.
The garden is bright with flowers.
The garden is railed off from the path.
The garden was larger than I had expected.
The garden needs to be weeded.
The garden is common to the two houses.
The garden was full of beautiful flowers.
The garden is bare and brown.
The garden was covered with fallen leaves.
Let's clean the garden, shall we?
I'll take a shortcut across the garden.
Who destroyed the garden?
Do you mind if we cross your garden?
A high wall stands all about the garden.
Please let us know the prices and earliest delivery of your Steel Landscape Edgings #STL3456.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
The fourth month is called April.
My little brother asked for some money.
My brother must've written this letter.
Bob looks down on his brother for not being good at sports.
My little brother says that he had a dreadful dream last night.
My brother did that on behalf of me.
My brother did.
The younger brother replied, "I have heard: 'He who is afraid of the leaves must not go into the forest.'"
Is the new job going well for your younger brother?
My brother and I went to see John off at the airport.
My brother and sister get up about seven-thirty every morning.
I will get my brother to carry your bag for you.
My brother has a gift for painting.
Leave him alone.
My brother almost drove me crazy.
It's my brother's.
My brother's room is always a mess.
I'll lend you some books of my brother's.
My brother has been much too rowdy lately.
My kid brother is twelve.
My little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear.
My brother is always acting foolishly.
My brother always gets up earlier than I.
My brother has never been beaten at tennis.
My brother wore his shirt inside out.
My brother dared not swim across the river.
My brother watches television.
My brother insisted on going there alone.
My brother is not yet in school.
My brother is still sleeping.
My brother will often sit up all night.
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.
My little brother can read English.
My brother is interested in English and music.
My brother ran out of the room without saying anything.
My brother hung the picture upside down.
My brother is at his desk.
My brother depends on me for money.
My brother polished the silver.
My brother is living in San Diego.
My brother just watches television and does not study very hard these days.
My brother goes to the same school I do.
My younger brother is taller than I.
My little brother goes to an elementary school.
No sooner had the younger brother gone into the forest than he found the river, swam across it, and there on the other side was the she-bear, fast asleep.
My brother is keen on collecting stamps.
My brother is small but strong.
My brother makes friends with anybody soon.
My brother paid double the price.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
My brother named his cat Hanako.
My brother has been friendly to him.
My brother leaves his room in a mess.
My brother has joined the baseball club.
And so does my brother.
My brother is old enough to go to school.
And his disciples put their faith in him.
I have a suggestion.
The familiar argument against a proposed action that it is premature.
It is important to overview the economic status of these groups before examining the proposed solutions.
The section chief accepted the proposal.
Please compose a draft of the proposal idea.
Let's join hand in hand.
Out of the four policies that were suggested, I think the most effective one would be the "Improvement of Preventive Care and Health Promotion" policy.
You must not forget to check your paper before you hand it in.
Is my paper looked over before submitting?
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
Sadako's friends wanted to build a monument to her and all children who were killed by the atomic bomb.
Sadako looked at the golden paper crane that her best friend Chizuko had made for her.
Quickly Sadako tried to fold the paper before she fell asleep.
Sadako had folded 643 paper cranes so far.
Sadako smiled at them.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her mouth and tongue wouldn't move.
Sadako gave a weak nod.
I worked all night so to meet the deadline.
He was called down by his boss for missing his deadline.
I'm sorry for the short deadline.
She handed in her term paper after the deadline.
I cannot agree to your proposal as regards the deadline.
I'm killing myself to meet the deadline.
The coxswain egged his crewmen on, and made a winning spurt at the last lap of the regatta.
The corrected sentence was just what he wanted to say.
Give it up.
Don't give up!
The nail tore his jacket.
Mud clings to my shoes.
Don't tramp in the living room with muddy feet.
Clay is the essential ingredient in making pottery.
I have no intention of getting wet.
A burglar broke into the house.
The thief cursed the police for finding him.
A burglar made away with my wife's diamond ring.
The burglar wore gloves, with the result that there were no finger-prints to be found.
The thief ran away and the policeman ran after him.
A thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry.
A mugger robbed him of all of his money.
The thieves pulled open all the drawers of the desk in search of money.
The robbers did away with their victims.
The thief's pursuit began.
The thief was arrested red-handed.
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window.
The thief is certain to be caught eventually.
The thief slipped into the house.
The burglar gained access to the house through this door.
The thief snatched the woman's handbag and took to his heels.
The thief made off with the woman's handbag.
The thieves ran away after it got dark.
The thief ran away in the direction of the station.
The thief fled without leaving any traces.
The thief got in without being noticed.
The thief took flight when the policeman saw him.
The thief outwitted the police and got away with his loot.
The thief ran away when she saw the policeman.
The thief was handed over to the police.
The thief was marched off to the police station.
The thief was caught in the act.
Robbers prowl around at midnight.
The thief whipped out into the crowd.
The thief seemed to break in through a window.
The thieves made off with the jewels.
The thief hit me and gave me a black eye and then ran off.
The burglar broke into the house under the cover of night.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.
We caught the thief.
There is honor among thieves.
Two robbers broke into a store.
Bring the guns into play when the enemy approaches us.
We anticipated where the enemy would attack.
The position held by the enemy is so important they will fight to the bitter end to hold it.
They were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy.
Surrender to the enemy.
He is generous to his opponents.
The enemy kept up their attack all day.
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
The enemy's attack ceased at dawn.
Stop the advance of the enemy.
We attempted breaking the lines of the enemy.
Though the enemy's defenses were strong, we tried to break through.
They had to submit to the superior force of the enemy.
The enemy made a strong attack on that building.
The enemy occupied the fort.
The enemy attacked the town.
The enemy finally gave in.
The enemy gave in without further resistance.
The enemy is caught like a mouse in a trap.
The enemy launched an attack on us.
The enemy did not yield to us.
The enemy answered our fire.
The enemy's plane suddenly turned toward us.
The enemy blew up the bridge.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
The enemy were driven out of the land.
The enemy flung fresh troops into the battle.
The enemy fled in disorder from the battlefield.
The enemy attacked us at night.
The enemy kept up the attack all night.
He makes no friend who never made a foe.
Know yourself as well as your enemy.
You should avail yourself of enemies.
Hostility was replaced by love.
The enemy troops closed in on the city.
The hostile army began to attack.
The enemy was entrenched all around the capital.
The liner will call at Kobe.
The enemy had triple our numbers.
Relations are tenuous as peace talks resume between warring factions.
The enemies stood face to face.
I've missed my aim.
When the whistle blows, the race will start.
He's definitely the right guy for the job. Let him fiddle with a computer and he perks right up.
Proper diet and exercise are both important for health.
You should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time.
I searched all the dictionaries to find a suitable word.
Top among suitable topics is the weather.
Taking moderate exercise is good for the health.
Moderate exercise will do you good.
Moderate exercise stimulates the circulation of blood.
Moderate exercise stimulates the circulation of the blood.
Moderate exercise is necessary to health.
Moderate exercises will make us feel good.
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.
Taking moderate exercise will do you good.
Moderate exercise will be of benefit to your health.
Moderate exercise invigorates the blood circulation.
It is good for the health to take moderate exercise.
Taking moderate exercise will keep you healthy.
I will tell it to him at the proper time.
If there is a suitable occasion, I'll introduce you to him.
Fill the blanks with suitable words.
Come on in and make yourself at home.
The drowning boy was more dead than alive.
All the passengers were saved from drowning.
The drowning man shouted for help.
Drowning men clutch at straws.
There were several deaths from drowning.
The study of philosophy belongs to the humanities.
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
Philosophy is not so difficult a subject as you imagine it is.
Philosophy is not so difficult a subject as you imagine.
Philosophy is often regarded as difficult.
Philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world.
Strict security measures were in force.
I haven't had enough sleep because I sat up all night.
I worked all night.
An iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
The atomic number of iron is 26.
Iron is harder than gold.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
Iron is hard.
Iron is the most useful metal.
Iron is a metal with many uses.
Iron is tempered by heating and sudden cooling.
Iron transmits heat well.
Iron and oxygen are elements.
An iron bridge was built across the river.
I walked along the river until I got to the iron bridge.
One of the qualities of steel is hardness.
Steel is a key industry.
Steel output set a record for two consecutive years.
A railroad was constructed in this town.
A new means of communication was developed  the railway.
It's dangerous to walk on railway lines.
What is it that determines the route a railway takes?
The railroad fare for children is half of the adult fare.
The railroad provoked a kind of revolution.
Please look up the first train to London in the railway guide.
The railroad is parallel to the road.
The rail-line was carried under the Tsugaru Strait to Hokkaido.
Every bullet has its billet.
What is a typical British dinner?
Typical Japanese babies sleep with their mother after coming home from hospital.
Even now, the typical worker's whole life is still bound up with the company he works for.
God above helped us.
I'm so happy, I feel like I could fly.
The Milky Way is a vast belt of distant stars, each star a sun like our one.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
There was a beautiful chandelier hanging from the ceiling.
Down came the ceiling and the dog went away.
If the ceiling fell, he would be crushed.
Make sure that the device is attached firmly to ceiling.
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling.
I saw a fly on the ceiling.
There is a fly on the ceiling.
There's a big fly on the ceiling.
There is a lamp on the ceiling.
Can you reach the ceiling?
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
The ceiling measures ten feet high.
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
In clear weather, we can see the island from here.
As it is fine, I'll go out.
The weather's so good I think I'll hang the laundry out to dry.
I hope the weather stays this way.
It is lucky that the weather should be so nice.
It is fortunate that the weather is so nice.
It's a nice day and I feel like taking a walk.
He is but a fair weather friend.
Air the bedclothes when the weather is good.
We took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis.
It being a fine day, I went out for a walk.
The fine day added to our pleasure.
The weather was beautiful and we stayed on the beach all day.
Bad weather prevented me from doing the sights of Nara.
The weather turned better.
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.
The yacht race will take place tomorrow, weather permitting.
We shall leave tomorrow morning, weather permitting.
Weather permitting, we'll start on our trip tomorrow.
If the weather is fine, I'll go swimming in the river.
Weather permitting, we will enjoy the beautiful scenery.
I'm going to mow the lawn tomorrow, weather permitting.
Were it clear, we would go on a hike.
I will go, provided the weather is clear.
If the weather is good, I'll go to the park.
Weather permitting, we'll leave tomorrow morning.
If the weather is good, I'll go out tomorrow.
It's dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather.
We heard that the weather was bad, so we decided to put off our trip.
We will have to put off the soccer game because of the bad weather.
Regardless of the bad weather, I decided to go out.
Because of the bad weather, any thought of sight-seeing in the city was abandoned.
Owing to the bad weather, the game was put off.
They couldn't swim because of bad weather.
We are sorry about the bad weather.
Bad weather kept us from going out.
If the weather hadn't been bad, I would have started my journey.
The weather turned bad.
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
The weather has improved.
The weather changed suddenly.
We will start tomorrow, weather permitting.
I will come, weather permitting.
They will make an assault on the summit, weather permitting.
The weather turned fair.
Meat decays quickly in warm weather.
Warm weather favored our picnic.
The weather varies quite often.
The fine weather added to our pleasure.
Thanks to the good weather, the outdoor concert was a success.
The weather being fine, we went on a picnic.
The weather was fine, so we went fishing.
With the weather improving, players began running on the sports ground.
We may as well stay here till the weather improves.
The party is to be held next Sunday, weather permitting.
Providing the weather is clear, I'll go there.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of mountain tomorrow.
Given good weather, we will reach there tomorrow.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of the mountain tomorrow.
Weather permitting we will go for a drive.
The ship will be ready to sail, if the weather permits.
I'll leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
Talk about the weather, the food at the party or your favorite drink.
It's fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It is no use complaining about the weather.
Let's take a chance on the weather.
There is no telling about the weather.
We would often go hiking on sunny days.
The uncertainty about the weather has had a definite effect upon the Englishman's character.
The weather is forecast, using the past data as a basis.
Play out of doors on a fine day.
He would often go fishing on a fine Sunday.
The weather is as fine as can be.
The weather was as fine as it could be.
The weather stayed bad.
The weather seemed favorable for the test flight.
It would seem that the weather is improving.
The weather was getting worse and worse.
There will be a change for the better in the weather.
The weather remained rainy.
The weather is forecast scientifically.
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.
It's stormy.
The weather varies from hour to hour.
The weather is a shade better today.
The forecast says it will begin to rain tonight.
I wonder if the weather will hold.
It's a sunny day.
Apart from the weather, it was a good picnic.
I guess it depends on the weather.
The weather forecast was right.
The weatherman says we'll have rain in the afternoon.
The weather forecast says it will be cooler tomorrow.
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.
The weather forecast said that it would rain this afternoon, but it didn't.
The weatherman predicts snow for tonight.
The weather forecast says that it's going to snow this evening.
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.
The weather forecast predicts whether it will rain or not.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is approaching Okinawa.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is likely to approach the coast.
According to the weather forecast, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it will clear up tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in before long.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.
According to the weather forecast, there'll be more rain on the way.
According to the weather reports, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, tomorrow will be snowy.
The weather forecast says there'll be showers.
According to the weather report, it will snow tonight.
What was the weather report?
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.
Weather reports rarely come true.
The weather forecast tells us if it will rain or not.
The forecast didn't call for rain.
The weather forecast is not necessarily reliable.
The weather forecast say it's going to rain tomorrow.
Don't you trust the weathermen?
A weatherman is someone with whom the weather does not always agree.
I will call on your tomorrow, weather permitting.
Owing to the bad weather, the garden party was called off.
Bad weather forced us to call off the picnic.
The bad weather prevented me from going fishing.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
The weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
Cold weather keeps many plants from blooming.
There was a sudden change in the weather.
Weather permitting, we will go on a picnic tomorrow.
I will start, weather permitting.
They will go to the woods to pick mushrooms, weather permitting.
Weather permitting, I'll start tomorrow.
The weather became warm.
Weather permitting, I'll go fishing in a river.
Attendance should be good provided the weather is favorable.
Rain or shine, I will come to meet you at the station.
The weather will delay the start of the race.
The less it is affected by the weather the better clock it is.
To this extent, it has the characteristics of a great complicated balance between plant life and lower forms of animal life.
The weather has been nice all week; it is high time we went on a hike.
The weather was ideal.
The weather was going from bad to worse.
The weather has a great deal to do with our health.
The weather varies with seasons.
The weather began to take a turn for the worse in the afternoon.
It's nice and cool.
Mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather.
The Emperor shall be the symbol of the State.
The Emperor is the symbol of the unity of the people.
The Emperor prayed for the souls of the deceased.
The Emperor's Birthday fell on Sunday.
I can wait to love in heaven.
It is a matter of common knowledge that a man of genius is seldom successful in his own lifetime.
Genius has been defined as a supreme capacity for taking trouble.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Genius and madness are but a hairbreadth away from each other.
Genius is only one remove from insanity.
Genius is but one remove from madness.
For all his genius he is as obscure as ever.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
A genius can sometimes have rude manners.
Genius must be born, and never can be taught.
Speak of angels, and you will hear their wings.
He lived to a ripe old age.
Naivete is his only merit.
There are not many countries in the world that abound in natural resources.
Natural resources are not limitless.
It's a shame the way natural resources are wasted.
Natural dyes keep a more beautiful color over the years than artificial dyes.
There are many natural objects that we can put to use.
A room with a skylight would be fine.
I'm not lying. I swear to God!
Heaven's vengeance is slow but sure.
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.
Astronomy is the science of the universe.
Astronomy is by no means a new science.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
Astronomy is the science of heavenly bodies.
They say fate will catch up with you. That was God's way of punishing him.
The jewels on display disappeared.
The exhibition was very impressive.
Today, we received your invitation to the exhibition with pleasure.
We have been to see the exhibition.
The roses on exhibition are grouped together by colors.
Please do not handle the exhibits.
A good many of the pictures on exhibition were sold on the opening day.
Where are the three nude statues in the exhibition?
I carried the heavy bags back from the store chanting yo-hee-ho all the way home.
She fainted in the store and found herself in the first aid room when she came to.
It is the only one there is in the shop.
Prices vary with each store, so do your shopping wisely.
What's your day off?
People got to know me, and I had the same waitress all the time.
I put the tip under two glasses because I knew they were always in a hurry.
The shop closes at seven.
This shop is open from 9am to 6pm.
The stores were alive with people the Saturday before Christmas.
The store closed down for good.
The store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other.
The store is choked with customers.
The store needs more clerks to wait on customers.
The shop is across from the bank.
The store opens at 9 a.m.
The shops are for the most part closed at ten o'clock.
What time did you shut the shop?
I had no sooner left the shop than I met my teacher.
On the way out I said to my waitress, "Be careful, Sue. There's something funny about the glasses you gave me - they're filled in on the top, and there's a hole on the bottom!"
The clerk said, "What can I do for you, sir?"
All of a sudden, the clerk lost his temper.
Now that you mention it, she also needs a bra and panties.
The clerk labeled the baggage.
The clerk didn't take much trouble over the work.
The shop assistant went out of his way to find what we needed.
The salesgirl wrapped the gift for me.
"Are you being attended to?" asked the shopkeeper.
The shopkeeper urged me to buy it.
The proprietor of the store worked at the head of his employees.
As I don't have the software that matches the attachment, I cannot open the file. Please resend it in another format.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Take care not to fall.
I took good care that I did not fall.
On falling down, she burst into tears.
I broke my wrist when I fell on it.
Take care not to fall down and skin your knee.
All's grist that comes to his mill.
I fell down and hurt my wrist.
I'm excited about the move.
You say you changed schools.
The new boy made up to his teacher by sharpening her pencils.
Each person has different views with regard to changing jobs.
I quit my job and moved so I could start off with a clean slate.
I've changed my job.
His income has been reduced after he changed his job.
A change of air will do you good.
The change of air had done me much good.
The change of air worked wonders for her.
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
The tumble hurt him badly.
If I get a good mark, I can pull off an A in biology.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
He is allegedly the murderer.
The difficulty with biography is that it is partly record and partly art.
Can I leave a message?
You have a message here.
The message reads as follows.
I relayed the message to her.
The legend says that she was a mermaid.
According to legend, the wood used to be haunted, so people would avoid it.
The last part of the legend was added later.
An epidemic disease broke out.
A contagious disease descended on the town.
He, um, said that it was contagious.
Traditions no longer make any sense.
Tradition, as such, should be respected.
Traditional viewpoints gave place to new ones.
By tradition, people play practical jokes on 1 April.
We'd like separate checks, please.
I found it pleasant walking in the country.
I think country life is superior to city life in some respects.
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
Do you like the country?
I want to live a carefree life in the country.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
Old practices died hard in the country.
I was born and raised in the country.
Living in the country, he rarely had visitors.
I'd like to move to the country.
Do you like to live in the country?
It will do you good to live in the country.
I live in the country.
Living in the country, we have few amusements.
Living in the country, I have few visitors.
His health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside.
I had a good time while I stayed in the country.
Buses in the country do not usually come on time.
Country people are often afraid of strangers.
Country people are traditionally suspicious of strangers.
Life in the country is not always tranquil.
You'll soon get used to living in the country.
Country life is healthier than city life.
Many young people in the country long to live in the city.
The roads out in the country are not so busy as in the city.
The countenance of the countryside has changed.
The countryside has many trees.
The countryside is beautiful in the spring.
Feeling tired after his walk in the country, he took a nap.
Mr. Smith ran his sluggish horse along the country roads.
Tamori was born in 1945, that is, when World War II ended.
Mr Tamura succeeded in the business world.
Mr Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
Talking of Mr Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
I don't associate with Mr Tanaka any more.
Please put me through to Mr Tanaka.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr. Tanaka.
Ms. Tanaka can type, can't she?
Mr Tanaka makes a living by running a small stationery shop near the station.
Mr Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
Mr Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Mr. Tanaka is one of my father's fishing companions.
The Tanakas invited me to dine with them.
Mr Tanaka appears very rich.
Mr Tanaka is not at his desk right now.
Professor Tanaka wants somebody to help him with his study.
I haven't heard from Tanaka for the last six months.
Mr. Tanaka can play the piano well.
Mr Tanaka, if anything, is an honest man.
Mr Tanaka is a chivalrous man.
Mr Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
May I introduce Mr. Tanaka to you?
Having been in America for many years, Miss Tanaka is a very good speaker of English.
Dr. Tanaka carried out tests for two years on three hundred rats.
Mr Tanaka is our teacher of English.
Tajima went to London by way of Paris.
Mr Tanabe is out now.
Keep away from the electrical equipment.
Electric irons are heated by electricity.
The light doesn't work.
What would our lives be like without electricity?
Electricity has taken the place of steam.
My electric razor is on fire.
Heat was spread throughout the room by the electric stove.
Electric illuminations add to the attraction at night.
Electricity made candles of little use in our life.
The discovery of electricity changed our history.
The discovery of electricity gave birth to an innumerable number of inventions.
The electricity came on again in a few minutes.
Electricity is very useful.
Our electric heater does not work well.
Something is wrong with our electric heater.
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.
Would you be so kind as to turn the light on?
Please turn on the light.
Could you turn off the lights?
I'd appreciate it if you would turn out the lights.
Turn off the light.
Don't turn off the light.
Don't forget to turn the light off.
There is a fault in the electrical system.
The performance of electric cars has improved.
The light is out.
The light bulb has burned out.
I ran like lightning.
They would arm administrators with so much detailed and up to date information.
Do you have an electronic typewriter?
Let's keep in touch by e-mail.
Even the repairman couldn't figure out what had gone wrong with the microwave.
My microwave is acting up. I think I'd rather get a new one than repair this one.
A microwave oven gets food hot in an instant.
The computer can figure just as the human brain does.
There have been several new developments in electronics.
I don't understand electronics shoptalk.
Electronic commerce began to spread rapidly.
The train was delayed for an hour.
There was a gust of hot wind from the tunnel as the train approached.
Don't get off the train till it stops.
We are doubtful about the train leaving on time.
It makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not.
Tom caught a glimpse of the driver as the train raced past.
I had my pocket picked in the train.
Let's take a train.
You had better go by tram.
You were careless to leave your umbrella on the train.
I left my tennis racket on the train.
It was easy to find seats in the train because there were so few passengers.
I am obliged to leave early to catch my train.
Will we be in time for the train?
You have plenty of time to catch the train.
I couldn't catch the train.
I left my umbrella on the train.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
I dozed off in the train and slept right past my station.
Watch your step when you get on the train.
My leg cramped up as I ran down the stairs to catch a train, and I had to sit down right there in the middle of the stairway.
I didn't recognize him at first on the train.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
I met her by chance on a train.
Some people are reading some magazines on the train.
It feels awkward to get up and give your seat to someone on the train.
Someone stepped on my foot on the train.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
I felt uncomfortable with those kids loitering around in the train.
I left my bag on the overhead rack in the train.
The train will be twenty minutes late.
The train runs every thirty minutes.
The train is due to arrive here in 5 minutes.
The train left the station on time.
The train already starts.
Could you tell me where I can get a train?
The train was almost an hour behind time.
The train headed for the station.
What time does the train depart?
The train jerked forward.
The train is to arrive on time.
He assumed that the train would be on time.
The train is due to arrive at noon.
It's boring to wait for a train.
The train has just left.
I left my hat as I got off the train.
You are on the wrong train.
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
Wires carry electricity.
Electricity cables are made of copper.
The battery died.
It doesn't work so well because the batteries are running down.
Do you sell batteries?
It needs new batteries.
The electric light went out.
The invention of electric light is accredited to Edison.
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
The discovery of electric waves made radio possible.
Let me know by wire.
Please answer me by telegram.
Send the telegram at once.
An electric current can generate magnetism.
I happened to be out when the call came.
The call has come through.
Not having a telephone is an inconvenience.
I heard the telephone ringing.
If the phone rings again, I will ignore it.
The popularity of the telephone has led to fewer people writing letters these days.
It cannot be denied that we cannot do without the telephone in our modern life.
The phone is out of order.
Thank you for being patient as we respond to the high volume of calls.
The telephone doesn't work.
The telephone rang several times.
The telephone was still.
When the telephone rang, I was just going out.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
When the phone rang, he sprang out of bed.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
When the telephone rings, you must answer right away.
We were all set to leave when the phone rang.
I had already gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I was about to leave when the phone rang.
The phone was ringing, but there was no one to answer it.
I hear the phone.
Anne was just about to leave the house when the phone began ringing.
The telephone rings. Susan picks it up.
Why didn't you call me up?
Let's make a phone call.
Please forgive me for forgetting to call you.
Phone me the news.
I ordered the book from the department store by telephone.
We used the transcripts of the recordings of telephone conversations.
Thank you very much for your time on the phone.
I speak in my normal voice when I'm working the phone.
Can you take notes over the phone?
We take telephone orders.
Who were you speaking to on the phone?
I made him talk to his aunt on the phone.
I got all choked up when I heard the voice of Ryo over the telephone.
We have had difficulty reaching you by phone.
Answer the phone.
Answer the phone, please.
Answer the telephone, will you?
He must have been sleeping because he didn't answer the telephone.
Stay home so that you can answer the phone.
A phone call often interrupts your conversation.
The phone kept ringing.
Could you tell me how to use the telephone?
The voice on the phone was unfamiliar to me.
The invention of the telephone made it possible to communicate with people far away.
The invention of the telephone caused a revolution in our way of living.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Bell.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Alexander Graham Bell.
When can I use my telephone?
None of the telephones are working.
A telephone is something you can't do without.
The telephone is a means of communication.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
The phone was out of order again.
The telephone rang repeatedly.
The telephone is essential to modern life.
The telephone is now out of order.
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house.
Having a telephone helped her find more clients.
The phones aren't working.
The telephone is a convenience.
The telephone can be a nuisance.
Are you through with the phone?
Might I use your phone?
I want to make a phone call.
I want to make a phone call, but I don't have any change now.
The caller refused to give us his name.
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
When I phone them nobody answers.
I'll make a phone call.
I searched in my pocket for a coin to make a phone call.
You need not have called me.
He had just come home when I called.
Please phone me before you come.
It would be a mistake to make a phone call.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I want to have a telephone installed.
I have to make a phone call.
She asked if she could use the phone, so I let her.
No sooner had I hung up than the phone started ringing again.
Please hang up and the operator will call you back.
Hang up and wait a moment, please.
Please hold the line.
Please hold on a moment.
Don't hang up, but hold on please.
Don't hang up; I haven't finished talking to you.
Can I talk to Ryoko again before you hang up?
Will you let me use your telephone, please?
Could I borrow your phone?
May I use the phone?
A telephone recording tells you what time the concert starts.
Can you check if the phone is out of order?
Could you dial up the operator for me?
The storm has broken the line.
I'm talking on the phone.
I was cut off while I was speaking.
Look up the number in the telephone book.
I looked up his phone number in the telephone book.
May I see the telephone directory?
Look in the phone book.
Is this 223-1374?
Telephone and facsimile numbers will not change.
The telephone number is 234-6868, and my room is 1228.
What's the number?
I seem to have the wrong number.
Give me your phone number.
Give me your telephone number.
May I have your phone number?
A word, once out, flies everywhere.
I threw up my food.
I feel like throwing up.
I coughed up blood.
Don't touch the wet paint.
Some students go to school on foot, and others by bus.
The walkers set out from Boston and reached San Francisco six months later.
There is kindness to be found everywhere.
Watanabe is my family name.
Let's give up our plan to climb it.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school.
Will you take care of gathering materials for the climb?
Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardships and adventures.
The mountaineer craved fresh water.
The mountain climbers reached the summit before dark.
The climbers were brought off by the rescue party.
The climbers awoke before daybreak.
The climbers were apprehensive of their danger.
I wish people would stop throwing away empty cans and other trash along the path up the mountain.
The characters were well cast.
The name of the character is Hamlet.
It is OK to redistribute the unregistered trial version.
I am able to obtain a registration form for free.
I bet I can quit smoking from now on.
I'll bet you that you're wrong about that.
I'd bet my life on it.
The odds are two-to-one that the Reds win.
Good technicians are in short supply in the developing countries.
Don't give up halfway.
Will you drop in to see me on your way?
The bus broke down on the way, so I ran to school.
They must have had an accident.
We met a traffic jam on the way.
I'm sure you'll be sorry if you give it up halfway through.
Our car developed engine trouble on the way.
I couldn't sit through it.
We took a short rest on the way.
Is it necessary to change trains along the way?
I met my teacher on the way.
We were robbed of the documents on the way.
I was at my wit's end.
Air is polluted in cities.
Beware of thefts in a big city.
It is difficult to find a happy medium between city and countryside.
People whose homes are in the town want to live in the country.
It is better for the health to live in the country than in the city.
People living in town don't know the pleasures of country life.
City firms vied with each other to hire the brightest young staff.
People in towns are attracted by life in the country.
Life in the city has never agreed with me.
Crows like Tokyo because it is warmer in the city than in the suburbs, and it's bright at night.
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do.
There is a great contrast between city life and country life.
Come whenever it is convenient to you.
Please drop in when it is convenient for you.
Please call me at your earliest convenience.
You can come at your convenience.
Please come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
You can't hide the fact that you're having a hard time. Bad news travels fast you know.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
One feels that the city has grown slowly and each age has left its mark.
Well-made roads extend far from the city.
The bigger a city grows, the dirtier the air and water become.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
The city was fortified all about.
Fathers in cities spend eight hours in the office and another two hours traveling to and from their work on trains full of people every morning and evening.
It seems likely that people in the city will move to the country.
In the city, large quantities of garbage are being produced every day.
Cities are designated on this map as red dots.
The city perished in the earthquake.
Urbanization is encroaching on rural life.
The urban-renewal project is now well under way.
There are several advantages to city life.
The noise of city life annoys me greatly.
The city was all aflame.
There are more people living in towns and cities.
High rises are mushrooming in the heart of the city.
The woman left and went to the courthouse, where she waited in line again.
Alceste's family is eating with proper manners.
Thanks to his efforts, he attained his object.
My efforts produced no results.
With all his efforts, he failed the test.
Thomas, make some effort!
The teacher will give him a passing grade if he shows effort.
Hard work is an essential element of success.
Efforts do not always pay off.
Your effort will surely bear fruit.
Effort produces fine results.
All my efforts turned out to be useless.
All my efforts came to nothing.
It is important that we make an effort.
By hard work we can achieve anything.
You should never fail to make efforts.
You cannot achieve anything without effort.
Without your effort you cannot hope for success.
I need a good pair of sunglasses.
You will ruin your health if you drink without measure.
Kindness in excess is too much of a good thing.
You have got a lot of nerve.
I was very angry with myself for my lack of courage.
Will you please arrange for me to meet Mr Doi?
When it continues raining cats and dogs for a long while, laundrymen have a hard time doing their work.
The rain is teeming down.
The house whose roof you see beyond the bank is Mr Suzuki's.
You can't get a tree to grow on bad soil.
The foundation is bedded in concrete.
If we don't make a last ditch stand at winning that contract, we may very well go under.
The game was canceled at the last minute.
I am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute.
We'd better finish up this project before the eleventh hour.
Land made him a rich man.
Land prices are running higher every year.
It's best to have one of the locals show you around.
They sent agents to agitate the local people.
They sell land by the acre.
I till the earth.
Land reform caused a great change in the lives of the people.
American Indians have a fair historical right to claim they got a raw deal from the government.
Do you go to school on Saturday?
Would you like to see a live performance of a play with me Saturday?
I make it a rule to read books in the library on Saturday.
It was Saturday night.
How's Saturday night?
We have five classes every day except Saturday.
It is Saturday.
It's Saturday. You need not have woken me up.
This street will come alive with shoppers on Saturday.
How many classes do you have on Saturdays?
Shall you be going to the meeting on Saturday?
You need not come to the office on Saturdays.
All the students go home early on Saturday.
We want to go to the beach in his car on Saturday.
How about going to the movies on Saturday?
Do you have any plans for Saturday?
Would you care to come and see me on Saturday?
Could you give a me hand packing on Saturday?
Do you have school on Saturdays?
Don't forget to bring your lunch on Saturday.
The karaoke shop is especially crowded on Saturdays.
Would you like to go fishing on Saturday afternoon?
We have dances on Saturday evening.
On Saturday evenings everybody in the family had a bath one after another in an old tin bath in front of the fire.
Saturday is when I am least busy.
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.
Saturday is the last day of the week.
Do you see patients on Saturdays?
We will shut up our store on Saturday.
Saturday comes before Sunday.
Saturday is the day when he is free.
Saturday is when my father is free.
That guy took the best for himself.
He set me up for the scandal.
The man is quite capable of telling lies.
He broke the window on purpose.
They subjugate the meek.
I know he's laughing up his sleeve.
They want to riot.
They're doing their work at a snail's pace!
They'll kill me.
I'm annoyed by their impudence.
They have taken her away.
Slaves make a life for themselves.
Slave revolts interfere with Middle Passage.
It is over a century since slavery was made illegal.
Slavery has been abolished in most parts of the world.
I feel the tension in my neck, where it gets sore and stiff.
The angry crowd threw missiles at the police.
The angry citizens took action immediately.
When angry, count to ten before you speak.
The angry people deprived the king of all his power.
The teacher was really upset and threw Johnny out of class.
The angry father bawled "Go to bed." to his son.
There's no talking to him when he's angry.
I didn't know whether to get angry or to laugh.
Anger deprived him of his reason.
A man who angers easily should learn to count to ten - it calms trouble like pouring oil on troubled waters.
He became bad-tempered, continually criticized his wife's cooking and complained of a pain in his stomach.
Anger caused him to tremble.
Burning with anger, she slapped him.
Anger is an energy.
Anger is a form of madness.
Hatred is our enemy.
He turned angrily on his accusers.
I couldn't hold back my anger.
It's a kind of virtue to keep one's temper.
He is a lion when roused.
Don't be angry.
It doesn't pay to lose your temper.
Don't shout.
Don't shout at me. I can hear you all right.
He was about to explode, but checked himself.
Could you put your seat back up a little?
The fallen tree got in the way, and I could not get my car out of the garage.
The fallen tree arrested the current of a brook.
A fallen tree blocked the path.
A fallen tree obstructed the road.
He fell and hurt his leg.
A combination of parties formed the new government.
Party leaders are grappling with flaws in the party system.
The party convention was put off.
The party was split up into two.
It would be madness to climb that mountain in winter.
With winter coming on, they have to buy a lot of fuel.
With winter coming on, it's time to buy warm clothes.
Winter has gone. Spring has come.
Winter is coming on.
Winter is approaching.
With winter coming on, the mountains will soon be covered with snow.
The days grow shorter as winter approaches.
Winter is over and spring has come.
It seldom snows here in winter.
You can still get asparagus in the winter.
I have it in mind to have a gray suit made to order for the winter.
He'd be crazy to climb the mountain in winter.
I suffer from depression during the wintertime.
When it becomes winter breath becomes white.
In the winter, when the nights were long and the days short, she watched the children coasting and skating.
In the winter I wear a coat on top of my vest.
You had better not climb such high mountains in winter.
Some plants perish in winter.
We have a lot of snow in the winter.
In the winter, I like to sled down the small hill close to our home.
We're running short of fuel for the winter.
Does it snow much in winter?
If you don't wear warm clothes in winter, it wouldn't be surprising if you caught a bad cold.
Squirrels are storing up nuts against the winter.
In autumn some animals store food for the winter.
At the winter festival, Beth received an award for dancing the best.
The climate of Florida in the wintertime is milder than that of Iowa.
The young plants are potted during the winter.
Winter's reign was nearing its end.
It was a silent night in winter.
Car windows accumulate frost on winter mornings.
With the coming of winter, days are getting shorter.
The night falls fast in winter.
After spending hours out in the cold winter wind, my skin got all chapped and dry.
Winter is just around the corner.
Winter is the coldest season of the year.
Winter changed to spring.
Winter does not look real without snow.
We often have fires in winter.
Winter is gone.
Winter is cold, but I like it.
Winter has gone.
In winter our lips get chapped.
Fresh vegetables are very dear in winter.
Wear warm clothes in winter.
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.
It is easy to slip and fall during icy winters.
I feel more tired in the wintertime.
How did you spend your winter vacation?
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
Not dressing warmly in winter can result in catching a bad cold.
Ice covers the lake during the winter.
I did without heating all through the winter.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
The sled accelerated as it went down the icy slope.
Take particular care when walking on icy paths.
An icy blast of wind cut me to the bone.
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight.
Driving on an icy street is a dangerous business.
A freezing beggar was brought into the hospital for treatment. However, he didn't have even one cent with which to settle the bill.
He was confused by a sudden question.
There's a large clock near the top of the tower.
The picture of the tower was out of focus.
The tower was blown to atoms.
The tower leaned slightly to the west.
An island came in sight.
Do you see that ship near the island?
The island has a mild climate.
Island folklore still recounts the story of the raft.
The island showed black in the moonlight.
The island was enveloped in a thick fog.
The island is nearly a mile across.
There's no way off the island.
The pebble I threw skipped along the surface of the water.
The venturer Edward made his the jackpot in the oil business.
The return on the investment will be high.
An investors' group is attempting a leveraged buy-out of the firm.
Investment bankers are tearing their hair out over the crash.
Are you old enough to vote?
We'll decide by voting.
The result of the vote was a win for the Liberals.
The poll was taken yesterday.
The result of the poll will be known soon.
It cannot reasonably be assumed that decreasing the dose would reduce the risk of side-effects.
From which gate do I board?
Where is the boarding lounge?
What's the boarding time?
Here are your boarding pass and your baggage claim.
Can you show me your boarding pass?
May I see your boarding pass, please?
The people on board thrust their way toward the rear exit.
Can I check in here?
Where is the check-in counter?
The economies were hit hard by energy price increases.
I hear some tribes in eastern Africa live on milk products.
There is a tinge of red in the eastern sky.
The eastern sky was getting light.
From which platform does the train to Higasikakogawa leave?
I don't have an account at that branch of Tokai Bank.
The New Tokaido Line was completed in 1964.
The Tokaido Line was crippled by the typhoon.
The Tokaido line terminates at Tokyo.
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow.
I heard that the distance between Tokyo and Osaka is about 10 km.
How long is the flight from Tokyo to Hawaii?
How long does it take to fly from Tokyo to Los Angeles?
There is a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
Could you tell me the way to Tokyo Tower?
Have you got used to living in Tokyo?
The cost of living is very high in Tokyo.
In Tokyo, the cold season starts in the middle of November.
I hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in Tokyo.
For some people, home is a cardboard carton in Tokyo.
In Tokyo, the cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
Spacious apartments in Tokyo are hard to come by.
You have to accustom yourself to the crowded trains in Tokyo.
In Tokyo, wild birds are decreasing in number year by year.
It is difficult to have one's own house in Tokyo.
Tell me what you did in Tokyo.
I saw a kabuki play in Tokyo.
They started to sell a new type of car in Tokyo.
A big earthquake occurred in Tokyo.
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
There is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in Tokyo.
There is no telling when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
I hope to see you the next time you are in Tokyo.
My aunt, who lives in Tokyo, sent me a beautiful blouse.
While staying in Tokyo, I came to know her.
Do you live in Tokyo?
What time will the flight arrive in Tokyo?
Many architectural monstrosities are seen in Tokyo.
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
When I went to Tokyo, I met him.
It has been as many as ten years since I started to live in Tokyo.
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
I live in Tokyo.
Foreign businessmen living in Tokyo often complain of the high prices for imported western food.
How would you like to live in Tokyo?
Will the typhoon hit Tokyo you suppose?
I'll drop you a line when I get to Tokyo.
On arriving in Tokyo, I wrote her a letter.
On arriving in Tokyo, I called him up.
I had been in Tokyo only three days when I received news of my father's death.
We were living in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
There are shuttle buses that stop at several hotels in Tokyo.
It is really hard to pay one's way in a huge city like Tokyo.
During the rush hours in Tokyo, traffic is heavy.
The climate of Tokyo is different from that of London.
Do you have any idea what the population of Tokyo is?
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of New York.
How large is the population of Tokyo?
Tokyo has a population of over ten million.
The population of Tokyo is four times as large as that of Yokohama.
The population of Tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of Osaka.
The population of Tokyo is greater than that of London.
Tokyo's air pollution problem is even worse than that of New York.
Prices for land in Tokyo now are an arm and a leg for even the smallest place.
We ran out of gas on the way to downtown Tokyo.
The night view of Tokyo is wonderful.
Tokyo, which is the largest city in Japan, is awake 24 hours.
Tokyo was really wonderful.
Tokyo is surrounded by many satellite cities.
Tokyo is by far the largest city in Japan.
Tokyo is a very big city.
Tokyo was really wonderful and the welcome the Japanese extended to us was also just as wonderful.
Tokyo is bigger than Yokohama.
Tokyo is bustling with life.
Tokyo is a huge city.
Tokyo has an extremely high volume of traffic.
Tokyo is now a center of the world economy.
What's the local time in Tokyo now?
What time is it in Tokyo?
Tokyo will run short of water again this summer.
Tokyo is the least attractive town to me.
Tokyo doesn't agree with me.
Tokyo is a very expensive place to live.
Tokyo is a big city.
Tokyo is one of the biggest cities.
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.
Tokyo is as large a city as any in Japan.
Tokyo is larger than any other city in Japan.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Tokyo is more populous than any other city in Japan.
Tokyo has a larger population than any other city in Japan.
Will it be fair in Tokyo tomorrow?
Please get in touch with me when you come to Tokyo.
What are you going to Tokyo for?
Is this the right train for Tokyo?
It took us two hours to get to Tokyo by train.
It's been five years since I came to Tokyo.
This is the hottest day I have had since I came up to Tokyo.
During the rush hour in Tokyo and Osaka, the trains run at intervals of a few minutes.
Let's call Tokyo the Big Mikan!
How do I get to your office from Tokyo Station?
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station come about?
I ran into an old friend at Tokyo Station.
Change trains at Tokyo Station.
Where can I catch the bus to the Tokyo station?
The train leaves Tokyo Station at 7.
In the Tokyo stock market, stocks of about 450 companies are traded over the counter.
The Bank of Tokyo amalgamated with the Mitsubishi Bank.
What time does the last Tokyo train leave?
I flew on a Tokyo-bound plane.
Where should I check in for Tokyo?
I wonder which train I should take for Tokyo.
How many flights to Tokyo do you offer a day?
The Tokyo stock market recorded an unprecedented loss.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange rallied at the end of the day.
You may extend your stay in Tokyo.
How high is the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Office Building?
I was on Flight 001 from Tokyo.
What time does Flight 123 from Tokyo arrive?
The turnover on the Tokyo stock Exchange swelled to the year's record.
I was going to try to get into Tokyo University, but I've changed my mind.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
Future prospects for ASEAN seem unstable, no matter how you look at it.
The Tohoku district was badly hit by the cold weather.
The Tohoku district is worth traveling to.
The Tomei Expressway connects Tokyo with Nagoya.
I have an interest in Oriental ceramics.
The Toyo Hotel has a free transportation service from the airport to the hotel for their guests.
People from the East do not look at things the same as we do.
Peaches taste sweet.
I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.
It was his notebook that was stolen.
It was his bicycle that was stolen.
Only a miracle may get him out of it.
The stolen jewels must be recovered at any cost.
I would rather starve than steal.
A person who steals deserves punishment.
It is wrong to steal.
It is bad to steal.
The robber was nabbed this morning.
A thief lurked in the dark doorway.
A band of robbers attacked the party.
The thieves tied him up and escaped through the window.
The thieves made off in a waiting car.
I would like to report a theft.
She locked her jewels in the safe for fear they might be stolen.
The stolen car was found in the parking lot.
How do I report a theft?
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.
The lights have been burning all night.
The light went on.
The lights suddenly went out and it become dark.
Hide not your light under a bushel.
The lighthouse was beaming forth rays of light.
If you want to join the club, you must first fill in this application form.
John took the lion's share of the lottery winnings; he claimed it was his idea to buy the ticket in the first place.
My strong point is my philosophy - nothing ventured nothing gained.
Go for broke!
Obviously.
I wasn't counting on that.
Hold good.
I wandered about aimlessly all day.
The boy in question did not come to school today.
Please enjoy your stay at this hotel.
Our hotel accommodates 2000 guests.
The general meeting of our society is held in December every year.
We will be landing in 15 minutes.
We will soon take off.
The authorities started going into the case.
The authorities have been hiding the facts from the public.
The authorities managed to stabilize the currency.
The authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency.
The authorities are trying to dispel the doubts about his death.
I am staying with my uncle for the time being, but later I will move to a small apartment.
There are a great number of schools in this city.
There are many bridges in this city.
Our city is free from air pollution.
You speak pretty highly of him but you're directly involved. I think my less charitable view might be more accurate since I can look at things objectively.
There should be more communication between the persons concerned.
In those days, or at any rate in Cambridge, laboratory life was rather informal.
In those days it was far from easy to come by a good job.
Art was then at its best.
In those days, sugar was less valuable than salt.
At that time, I was in Canada.
There were no railroads in Japan at that time.
She can't have been in her twenties at that time.
Poverty seemed to have nothing to do with them in those days.
The prices of commodities varied every week then.
The religion was in its glory in those days.
No one lived on the island at that time.
Television sets began to appear house by house at that time.
Germany then had a powerful army.
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
We lived from hand to mouth in those days.
As was the custom in those days, he married young.
Were those women in favor of votes for women?
In those days, a new type of democracy was rising.
People in those days already knew that the earth is round.
The people here are accustomed to the cold.
His fame was at its zenith at that time.
Pure water was washed away to this river as well at that time.
In those days, he was still strong and energetic.
There were no schools for the deaf at that time.
Didn't you know that he had gone abroad then?
At that time I had a poor income and couldn't live on it.
Monks used to play tennis in monasteries.
There were not many women doctors in those days.
In those days, I was accustomed to taking a walk before breakfast.
There were no railroads at that time in Japan.
Travelling was much more difficult in those days.
At the time, our country was confronted with serious economic difficulties.
Britain was not geared up for war then.
My family was well off in those days.
My study absorbed me in those days.
I was a high school student at that time.
In those days I tended to think of myself as a nice looking guy.
I used to read novels at random in those days.
I was a baby in those days.
In those days, I used to get up at six every morning.
At the time, Japan was faced with a host of diplomatic problems.
He and I were in the same camp then.
He was hard on forty at the time.
He was in America at that time.
He devoted himself to music in those days.
At that time she was engaged in some sort of work.
I suppose that she was happy then.
I'm sure you'll be a valuable asset to our company.
Your system isn't suited to our company's needs.
I agree with you that we need more women in this company.
May I introduce our sales manager, Abe?
Our price is considerably higher than the current market price.
Our primary objective is to expand the South American market.
Our main office is in Osaka.
It aims to furnish factories and homes with sophisticated robots.
This company was established in 1930.
Our company has branches in many cities.
We guarantee after-sales service and parts.
Our company's first priority is meeting our customers' needs.
Attached is a map to our office.
At first only a few people protested, but now they're all coming out of the woodwork.
The public is requested not to litter in these woods.
It is the place where there is no person in question, and you shouldn't say abuse.
You shouldn't speak ill of a man behind his back.
It is your constant efforts that count most in the end.
If you want to get elected, you're going to have to improve your public image.
Once elected, I will do my best for all of you who supported me.
I take for granted that you agree with me.
I should be, I have been skating since I was five years.
Naturally.
She was understandably angry.
As a matter of course, you must go there yourself.
As a matter of course you must go there yourself.
I take it for granted that I'm such a great pilot.
The smart young woman passed the exam as a matter of course.
He deserves to be promoted.
Our school facilities are inadequate for foreign students.
Our university authorities are considering the admission of handicapped students.
In summer, it is very hot here.
It tends to rain here a lot in the summer.
It can be cold here even in May.
We have little snow here.
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.
The cost of eating out is quite high here.
How often are letters delivered here?
Here everybody goes in for skiing.
We have little snow here even in the winter.
We have a lot of snow here in winter.
Japanese currency is widely used here.
We seldom have snow here.
There is usually a cool breeze here in the evening.
What strikes me here is people's friendliness.
I have few friends here.
It is more than ten years since we came to live here.
It gets very humid here in the summer.
The climate here is very mild, and snow seldom falls even in winter.
The climate here is like that of France.
The climate here is milder than that of Moscow.
The climate here is milder than that of Tokyo.
The climate here is like that of Hokkaido.
Life here is much easier than it used to be.
It's very cold here in February.
It can be very cold here even in May.
It's so cold here that we can't do without an overcoat.
It gets very humid at home in summer; in winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
It gets very humid here in the summer. In the winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
The food isn't very good here.
Do you have much snow here?
This is the first time that I have been here.
We have hundreds of records in stock.
We sell goods on commission.
We have a wide choice of books.
We have a complete set of the recordings of Beethoven's symphonies.
All our catalogues are free for the asking.
All our pies are baked fresh during the night for your dining pleasure the next day.
Our policy is to satisfy our customers.
We have no business relations with the firm.
The store is closed until further notice.
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.
Do you have today's tickets?
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
You need not come here for the moment.
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.
For the time being we two had better not meet too often.
I'm staying with my aunt for the time being.
Let's leave the matter as it is for the present.
I suggest we adopt flexible tactics for the moment.
We should adopt flexible tactics for the moment.
For the moment there's nothing in particular I need to be doing.
The money will do for the time being.
We'll have to make do with the old one for a while.
The biggest problem of the hour is unemployment.
You should play along with him for the time being.
If you don't know the answers, guess.
Raise your hand if you know the answer.
The answers must be written in ink.
Where does the answer lie?
Write your answer with a pen.
Write your answers with a pencil.
Don't ask a question to students who you know cannot answer.
You must consider it before you answer.
It was impossible to find an answer.
It was easy to answer.
When she saw her test score, she burst into tears.
Gather the papers and bring them here.
Hand in your papers.
Read over your paper before you hand it in.
Give your papers in.
Hand in your examination papers.
Read your paper over again before you hand it in.
Your test papers must be handed in by Monday.
Until now sugar had been detected in my urine once, however this time there is only albumin.
I have diabetes.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
Statistics show that the population of the world is increasing.
Statistics show that very few people live to be a hundred.
I accommodate statistics to theory.
Statistics don't always tell the whole story.
Statistics indicate that our living standards have risen.
Statistics deals with collected numbers representing facts.
I can provide you with some statistical predictions of expected revenues.
I would like to arrive.
Send us a telegram when you arrive.
He will be waiting for you when you get there.
No sooner had he arrived than he fell sick.
The movie will have started before we get there.
When does it arrive?
What is the arrival time?
Is Mr Fujiwara at home now?
It was not mentioned in the process of discussion.
In the discussion the accent was on unemployment.
Declare your position in a debate.
The discussion came to a conclusion.
The discussion went on till late at night.
We will continue the discussion.
I move that we continue the discussion.
The panelists discussed energy problems.
Tofu is a good accompaniment for sake.
Run and hide in the mountains.
It is no use trying to escape.
We tied him up so that he wouldn't be able to escape.
Yielding is sometimes the best way of succeeding.
I had no chance to escape.
The prisoner who escaped is still at large.
I was on the alert for a fugitive criminal.
What's the visibility?
The pottery was baked by fire.
My head is spinning.
My head is swimming.
My head hums.
My head has begun to clear.
I wish I were clever.
I have a splitting headache.
Having a cracking headache, I went to bed earlier than usual.
I'm confused.
I feel heavy in the head.
My head feels heavy.
My head aches.
No wonder you've got a headache; the amount you drank last night.
My head hurts. Have you got any headache pills?
When she has a headache, the slightest noise irritates her.
I had a headache, and I took the day off today.
It is getting on my nerves.
I have a round bald spot on my head.
Watch your head!
I had an intense pain in the head.
With the magnets mounted on their heads, they were unable to find their way home.
Even an intelligent child cannot understand.
Intelligent equipment has replaced manual labor.
She's quick on her feet, so no matter what you say to her, she'll have a witty comeback.
You've got a one-track mind.
Teach an old dog new tricks.
The magnets on their heads were responsible for that.
Without the magnets on their heads, they could find their way home in any weather.
The ceiling over my head shook.
His head was gray.
My brain is full.
With the world turning circles running round my brain.
The bright boy comprehended the concept of geometry.
Though he is clever, he isn't wise.
Granted his cleverness, he may still be mistaken.
Wrap your head in a scarf.
I bumped my head against the door and got a lump.
As I was struck on the head, I was unconscious for some time.
I wouldn't lower myself to borrow money.
Duck!
Hold up your head, and look at me.
Keep your head down.
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
Cool off!
Protect yourself at all points.
We studied the Concordance to Shakespeare to accumulate examples of alliteration.
Trains rattled overhead.
The moon and stars were shining above us.
The clouds above moved fast.
The sky above was a deep blue.
I took two aspirins for my headache.
Do you have a headache?
I have a headache, so I would like to take a day off today.
My headache has gone.
I would go except for my headache.
Do you have a headache and a sore throat?
Do you have anything for a headache?
I have a headache and I am suffering from a cough.
You shouldn't make light of a headache.
He used a headache as an excuse for leaving early.
My scalp is very itchy.
What do the initials NTT stand for?
The struggle ended in a satisfactory settlement.
Don't work yourself sick.
As a consequence of overwork, he became ill.
Overwork cost her health.
What with overwork and what with little sleep at night, he fell ill.
Working to excess will do you harm.
I stayed at home all day instead of going to work.
I had hardly started to work when it began to rain.
Don't work too hard.
Work and play are necessary to health.
We have no alternative but to work.
The number of working women is increasing.
Never open the door of a car that is in motion.
It is dangerous to jump into a moving train.
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.
Stir, and you are a dead man.
It's dangerous to jump off a moving train.
Hold it!
Don't move, please.
Moving about gives Americans a great pleasure.
We may as well cool our jets and wait until it starts moving again.
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.
I can't move.
No speculation has taken place concerning the motives.
The motion is proposed and seconded.
The motion was carried by acclamation.
Animals and plants live on this planet.
Animals inhabit the forest.
Don't feed the animals.
He isn't cruel to animals.
Animals have no reason.
Don't be cruel to animals.
Do you think animals have souls?
Some animals can be taught.
Do not feed the animals.
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
You ought not to be cruel to animals.
An animal has no moral sense.
Man is the only animal that laughs.
Young animals adapt quickly to a new environment.
I like taking care of animals very much.
Taking care of animals is a valuable experience.
Animal bodies are made up of cells.
Some animals are very active at night.
Some animals, as tigers, eat meat.
Some animals, such as lions, eat meat.
Some animals are very good at climbing.
The skin of animals is covered with hair.
Animals lives are no less valuable than our lives are.
Animals cannot exist without air and water.
Animals seem to move at random.
You may think that animals can sleep in any position.
Why do you think animals dread fire?
Animals are afraid of fire.
Animals can learn and pass on what they learn.
Animals act in a better manner than wicked humans.
Animals have bodies largely composed of fluid.
Animals cannot distinguish right from wrong.
Animals act on instinct.
Animals live in many places and in great numbers, too.
Plants and animals require more sunshine than is generally supposed.
Animals and plants have the right to live, and men even more so.
In order to catch animals, they used the bola.
I abhor killing animals.
Put the animals into the cage.
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.
They keep a lot of animals in the zoo.
Some animals are producing offspring in zoos.
There are many kinds of animals in the zoo.
Are there many animals in the zoo?
I'd like to go to the zoo.
The zoo is in the east of the town.
Could you tell me the way to the zoo?
Zoology and botany deal with the study of life.
Zoology deals with the study of animal life.
The animals were busy collecting nuts.
I often experience palpitations of the heart.
The same is true of professional baseball.
The same holds good of us students.
You can see the same thing on the playing field.
The same thing holds good for the younger generation.
The same may be said of other people.
I am tired of hearing the same thing so often.
If you do that the again I'll beat the pants off you.
You're wasting your time with all this needless repetition so spare us the long-winded explanation.
Not to harp on the same string, I still insist that those who drink should never drive.
Let me buy you a new one.
I am going in the same direction. Come with me. I will take you there.
Simply repeating the same method won't do any good.
Many a person has had the same experience.
In an essay similarly devoted to allegorical procedures in contemporary art, Buchloh discusses 6 women artists.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Not a few students made the same mistake.
See to it that you don't make the same mistake.
See to it that you never make the same mistake again.
The same cause often gives rise to different effects.
The same cause does not always give rise to the same effect.
The same can be said of many other persons.
The same is true of the nation.
The same applies to my class.
The same is true of Japan.
Monotony develops when you harp on the same string.
No two men are of a mind.
To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven.
The same explanation is true of that case.
The evening of the same day saw our bus reach the scene of the accident.
You can find the same thing anywhere.
I say the same thing over and over.
The same phenomenon has been observed.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can't let down my guard.
Suicides of high school students as a result of bullying continued one after another.
Her classmates do not appreciate her.
On behalf of our classmates, I welcome you.
Business results of the company were much better than other companies in the industry.
Don't do two things at a time.
You can't be at two places at once.
Don't love two people at a time.
We all stood up at once.
The boys rushed for the door at the same time.
You can't do two things at once.
At the same time, he began to run.
Her dream is to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Simultaneous translation broke linguistic walls.
What is the company's competitive advantage?
The management of a company offered a 5% pay increase to the union.
The company's capital expenditure program is set to be 10 billion yen for this year.
The company's exports to India amounted to $100 million last year.
The company crafted a new product.
The company announced a profit of $200 million after tax.
The launching of the company was in 1950.
The company's fourth quarter results sharply improved from the preceding quarter.
The company's immediate priority is to expand the market share.
Sales at the company zoomed thanks to brisk export demand, but profit did not keep up because of intense competition.
The corporate headquarters is in Los Angeles.
The company is equally owned by the two groups.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
The company earned $300 million on sales of $4,000 million.
The company went out of business after many years of declining profits.
That is a well-managed company.
The company has a monopoly on the nation's tobacco business.
The company is managed by my elder brother.
The company produces soy sauce and other food products.
The company has decided to sell some of its money-losing units.
The company incurred a deficit of $400 million during the first quarter.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
I would very much appreciate receiving a copy of the book.
You often find that sympathy gives place to love.
Never confuse pity with love.
I cannot help crying for sympathy.
Sympathy is a feeling characteristic of mankind.
Nothing is as important as compassion.
They moved in together?
You mind if I join you?
We fixed the date for our class reunion.
Misery loves company.
The allies defeated the evil empire in the fierce battle.
The allies condemned the invasion as a violation of UN resolutions.
Similarly, the strongest reasons for stopping are usually the short-term benefits (for example, feeling healthier and more attractive).
My colleagues welcomed me very warmly.
A colleague has every advantage over me.
I would like to express our thanks on behalf of my colleagues.
It is not good of you to take advantage of your colleagues.
Like breeds like.
Walk tall, son.
The fuse lit at once.
We heard somber hollow sounds from the cave.
When a big ape emerged from the cave, they got frightened and ran away.
I will mentally return to childhood and do it all over again.
We came to a place where the road branched into two lanes.
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.
The bad roads prohibit speeding.
The bus jolted over the rough road.
The road declines sharply.
The road dips suddenly.
The road is icy, so take care.
As the road was wet, the car must have slipped sideways.
As they didn't know the way, they soon got lost.
I just ran into her on the street.
I greet my teacher on the street.
Walk along the street and turn left at the third intersection.
I seem to be lost.
Don't throw away cans on the street.
Take a map with you in case you get lost.
We carried a map with us in case we should lose our way.
They set out with a guide just in case they lost their way.
They carried a map with them in case they should lose their way.
If you lose your way, ask a policeman.
A lost dog strayed into our neighborhood yesterday.
We lost our way, and what was worse, we were caught in a shower.
Losing the way, he chose the road at random.
Are you lost?
I got lost.
I'm lost. Could you direct me to the station?
There goes a hot little number across the street.
You'll have to try the store across the street.
I pulled my car to the left side of the road.
A broken-down car was standing in the middle of the road.
Meeting strangers is one of the pleasures of a trip.
I must have lost my key along the way.
Pull over to the side, please.
The road was crowded with trucks.
The road ascends gently here.
The road divides here into two.
The road is uphill all the way.
The path ascends steeply from there.
The road rises from there.
The road was very rough.
The road was quite muddy, and, what is worse, it began to rain.
The road climbed gradually.
The road curves gently toward the lake.
The road continues for many miles.
The road descends slowly.
The path turns sharply at the bridge.
The way is free for an advance.
The road ascends to the village.
The road parallels the river.
There will be an answer.
I hope that he will find his way easily.
Move along, please!
The dog crossing the road was run over by a bus.
You must take care when you cross the road.
Look both ways before you cross the street.
Keep out of the way, please.
Make way for the children, please.
Would you tell me the way?
Will you please show me the way?
Could you tell me the way?
I'll show you the way.
Make way, please.
Try to be as polite as you can when asking directions.
You lead the way and I will follow you.
Let's cross the street.
Walking along the street, I saw the accident.
It is very kind of you to show me the way.
You are very kind to show me the way.
The clown's stunts were highly amusing to the boys.
The clown made a funny face.
Let's live it up!
We wandered from the course.
What is a workman without his tools?
Got the tools in my pocket.
Is it possible to rent equipment?
Don't handle these tools roughly.
Don't handle the tools roughly.
Do you know how to get there?
There were white and yellow flowers at the side of the road.
A police car is stopping along the road.
I wish you a good journey.
He is described as a moralist.
In Japan, moral education is necessary.
A moral person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
No wonder you are so happy.
No wonder they turned down her offer.
I will do anything within reason.
Who that has reason will listen to such a mad man?
The road is dusty. It cannot have rained yesterday.
They had cleared the obstacle from the road.
The street is like a tunnel of a paper flowers.
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.
It's a rare thing to run into a famous musician on the street.
Don't play in the street.
If you throw trash on the road, you have to pay a fine of up to 500 dollars.
You cannot be too careful when crossing the street.
The road was jammed with various kinds of cars.
The road goes north from here.
The road bends sharply to the right at this point.
The road ascends steeply from that point.
The road makes a sharp right turn there.
The road curves to the left around the building.
The road was gray with dust.
The road was wet from the rain.
The road curled around the side of the hill.
The road was closed on account of the flood.
In spite of the heavy traffic, we arrived on time.
Roads were overflowing with humanity.
The road ran straight for several miles.
The road parallels the river for a few miles.
The road is blocked with fallen trees.
The road was crowded with various vehicles.
A jaywalker exposes himself to great danger.
When you cross the street, watch out for cars.
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.
Crossing the street, I was nearly hit by a car.
You must be careful in crossing the road.
You should be very careful in crossing the road.
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.
Take care when you cross the street.
Look out for cars when you cross the road.
You should be careful in crossing the street.
They are binding the gravel with cement to repair the road.
Watch out for big and small stones on the road!
May I have a road map?
The rule of the road must be strictly observed.
Copper conducts electricity well.
Copper and silver are both metals.
The completion of the bronze statue did credit to the sculptor.
You have little to gain and much to lose.
What's your specialty?
As a proud new father, I gave my first child plenty of books.
A customer wanted to know who the head honcho was.
Good swimmers are oftenest drowned.
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
Virtue is its own reward.
Recite the names of the members of the Tokugawa clan.
The Tokugawa Shogunate came to an end in 1868.
Is there any particular color that you are interested in?
Do you have any particular style in mind?
I'd like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do.
I especially want to thank our record-breaking sales team.
He loves dogs above all.
Language in particular is the most fluid of mediums.
In particular, you cannot ignore the effect it has on the children.
What is especially important is the observation of the traditional values.
In particular, London in early spring seems to suit me.
The control of exhaust gas is especially needed in big cities.
I have no pain in particular.
Especially over the last 20 years, the purported link between progressive welfare policies and economic failure in the Northern European countries seems to point to the difficulty of sustaining both full social welfare and international competitivity.
I notice the sale prices are written in red ink.
What's the track for the limited express?
A patent right is an important property.
Every privilege carries responsibility with it.
Some animals are endowed with special gifts.
I'm trying to find a green sweater in extra large.
We have the extra-large size, but not in that color.
An effective writer is one who knows what sort of words should be employed in any specific context.
Special services include a personal driver for each guest.
I feel just fine.
Persons with special skills can easily get jobs.
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special skill.
Except in special circumstances, anyone is allowed to enter the building.
Three other people were singled out for special praise.
By special arrangement we were allowed to enter the building.
A special tax was imposed on imported cars.
We would like to know if you can grant us a special discount.
I'll make this a special case, but try to keep it short.
We have quoted special prices.
The special lecture was put off until the next day due to the bad weather.
The extraordinary session of the Diet will last four weeks.
I want to buy two S-grade seats.
Do you have any special exhibits?
We have something special for you, sir.
The secret service guards him against attack.
The poison has pervaded his whole system.
Diamond cuts diamond.
We've got to fight fire with fire!
She's been poisoned.
I can't face this life alone.
He is too young to go there alone.
My father told me I couldn't go abroad alone.
Left alone, she felt very tired.
I talk to myself.
Broaden your horizon so that as you become more and more able to take care of yourself you will move intelligently.
The dictator forced the tribe to agree on the terms of surrender.
The autocrat strove in vain to deal with the situation.
The autocrat strove in vain to deal with the awkward situation.
The dictator arrogated judicial powers to himself.
The dictator oppressed the people.
The dictatorship came under fire for its human rights record.
Are you single?
Unique ideas helped him to earn a high income.
Each science has its own terminology.
Why don't you strike out on your own?
Can you solve the problem by yourself?
If you can do it on your own, do it without reserve.
You may have whatever book you want to read.
Take any books that you want to read.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
The illiterate man was eager to increase his vocabulary.
Learning to read well is of primary importance.
A book worth reading is worth reading twice.
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
Do you have any books to read?
I grasped the whole meaning of the book by reading.
The readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not.
Some people can obtain relaxation from reading.
Some people relax by reading.
It's the reader that determines whether they extract pleasure from reading.
You will derive much pleasure from reading.
We can derive much pleasure from reading.
It's not that I dislike reading; it's just that I have no time.
Reading is to the mind what food is to the body.
Reading is his chief amusement.
When you read a book you should read between the lines.
I am very tired with reading.
What exercise is to the body, reading is to the mind.
I enjoy reading, cuddling by the fireplace and slow dancing.
Reading has its rules.
There is insufficient light for reading.
In one's reading, great writers of the past must be given the most attention.
Tired of reading, she took a nap.
No pleasure is greater than that of reading.
I have less and less time for reading.
I found little amusement in reading.
Reading will bear you richer fruit.
Reading is the kind of habit that once acquired is never lost.
Reading will guide us to the rich world of wonder.
Reading helps you build up your vocabulary.
Reading affords us pleasure.
Reading affords me great pleasure.
Reading gives me great pleasure.
Some people think of reading as a waste of time.
Reading develops the mind.
Reading is of great benefit.
Reading improves the mind.
Reading can develop your mind.
Reading is a great enjoyment to him.
Reading is a pleasant way to spend one's leisure.
Reading a book can be compared to making a journey.
I'd like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
When I was reading a book, the telephone rang.
Nobody is so busy that they cannot find time to read.
I have no time even for reading.
Many words are acquired through reading.
I went on reading.
There is a post office at the end of the street.
When we get down to brass tacks, we are all as guilty as the persons who actually committed the crime.
Suddenly, the Sphinx raised its head.
All of a sudden, a fire broke out in the department store.
Suddenly, the door opened and her father entered.
All of a sudden, a fire broke out in the movie theater.
He broke off talking because of the sudden noise.
When suddenly faced with a dangerous situation, hold your horses - make sure of the proper action, then act.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.
All of a sudden, the door shut with a bang.
Suddenly, there was a period of terrible violence and hatred between blacks and whites.
All at once I saw a human form in the distance, and, to my surprise, soon recognized that the traveler was a woman.
All at once, I heard a cry.
Suddenly, I heard someone singing near by.
All of a sudden, the river rose and broke its banks.
All of a sudden, we heard the sharp cry of a cat.
All of a sudden, the barn went up in flames.
I received his letter unexpectedly.
Suddenly, he heard a strange sound.
Suddenly the plane begins to rock and the seat belt signs come on.
Suddenly, the light went out.
Suddenly, it became noisy.
Suddenly, Jack realized what had happened to him.
Suddenly the lion came at his trainer.
All of a sudden, the lights went on.
He was suddenly very happy.
Suddenly, Hiroko burst into tears.
The gust of wind rose suddenly.
Suddenly I heard a loud clap of thunder.
The sudden glare impinged painfully on his eyes.
Fright gave the old lady heart failure.
At the sudden appearance of a bear, the kids made believe they were dead.
I was quite upset at the sudden change in the plan.
He looked blank when he heard the announcement of his promotion.
A sudden earthquake made a mess of the party.
A sudden wave of sickness overpowered him.
The news of his sudden death astounded me.
Sudden misfortune deprived her of her reason.
When I got the phone call telling me of my father's death, I was completely flustered.
A sudden wind agitated the surface of the pond.
The sudden noise startled the old man.
The sudden noise scattered the birds.
The sudden noise frightened her.
A sudden crack of thunder broke his sleep.
The bell rang suddenly.
All of sudden all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, the lights went out.
Suddenly there was a rifle shot.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.
All at once it began to rain heavily.
All of a sudden, it began raining.
Suddenly, it began to rain.
All at once, I heard a shrill cry.
A sudden noise abstracted their attention from the game.
All of a sudden, the fire alarm went off.
All at once we heard a shot outside.
It has suddenly got cold, hasn't it?
Suddenly, a terrible storm came up.
All at once the sky became dark and it started to rain.
Suddenly a bear appeared before us.
There was a sudden change of plan.
All of a sudden, a dog began barking.
Suddenly, the thick clouds hid the sun.
All at once we heard a shot.
All of a sudden, I was shaken out of my sleep by someone.
Suddenly I hit on a happy idea.
Suddenly, a young woman stood up.
Suddenly the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.
All at once the ship left the pier.
Suddenly, the captain left the ship.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
All at once there was an explosion.
All at once, he spoke out.
His conscience suddenly awoke in him.
Suddenly, he fell down on his back.
He died suddenly.
Suddenly, he accelerated the car.
All at once they began to laugh.
Suddenly, they stopped talking.
Suddenly, her face was pale.
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.
All at once, I heard a scream.
Suddenly, 100 workers were laid off.
All of a sudden, all the lights went out.
Suddenly, all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, I saw a hare running across the field.
The ghost vanished suddenly.
Suddenly, a good idea occurred to me.
Black hens lay white eggs.
I was robbed of my rightful share.
This is like casting pearls before swine.
Cast not pearls before swine.
I know how piggy feels, He starves without missing a meal.
Do not cast pearls before swine.
The pig is growing fat.
Pork doesn't agree with me.
Cloudy days, they stopped on their way and could not return home.
As it was cloudy, we could not enjoy the view.
It's cloudy.
It's getting cloudy.
I think it's clouding up.
It being cloudy, I took my umbrella with me.
It's a cloudy day.
Cloudy with occasional rain.
I feel there is just no way out.
Nara is rich in National Treasures and Important Cultural Assets.
Nara is a very old city.
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
Nara is a city which I like very much.
Nara is an old city worth visiting at least once in your life.
Nara is famous for Daibutsu.
I had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket.
Where is the Internal Medicine Department?
Rejecting the urging of his physician father to study medicine, Hawking chose instead to concentrate on mathematics and physics.
Physicians are usually distinguished from surgeons.
The Cabinet is meeting today to discuss the crisis.
They say the Cabinet will resign.
They say that the cabinet will fall.
Down with the Cabinet!
The shy boy blushed at her compliment.
The shy girl kept her idea to herself.
I paid him 20000 yen on account.
I've always loved the freedom that comes from being introverted.
I'm afraid I have internal bleeding.
Between you and me, John's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between us, she was ill.
Between us, he is a little foolish.
I'll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself.
Just between you and me, he is a liar.
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.
Between you and me, he was dismissed for bribery.
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.
While the civil war went on, the country was in a state of anarchy.
I'll speak to anyone at extension 214.
Extension 45, please.
I'd like a coat with the wooly side in, please.
A house divided against itself can't stand.
Strife is the rock on which the party split.
The inside defects never fail to express themselves outwardly.
An inner defect never fails to express itself outwardly.
Please review the contents and provide any appropriate feedback.
Don't leave the riddle.
The pot calls the kettle black.
There are people called Incas in South America.
Going back to South Africa had stirred up some painful memories for him.
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language.
The movement of South Africa can no longer suppress the movement for equality.
Spanish is spoken in most countries of South America.
Where is the south terminal?
The clouds are coming from the south.
The Southern Cross is not to be seen in Japan.
A diametrically opposed kinship pattern is to be observed among certain South Sea Island communities.
Traveling to the southern states during the winter will be costlier than it is now.
In the Southern region, sales were up 47 percent.
I wonder when the Civil War started.
The politician attempted a difficult task.
This is a difficult situation.
It's too difficult.
Refugees poured in from all over the country.
The principal cause of death in refugee camps is the lack of nourishment.
Sanitary conditions in the refugee camps were terrible.
We must relieve the refugees of their suffering.
The refugees were excluded from the country.
The refugees are well set up with food.
We have supplied humanitarian aid to refugees.
The boat people asked for food.
The face of thy mother's reflected in the sky.
Be so true to thy self, as thou be not false to others.
Know thyself.
There are a few disadvantages to it.
Please walk back a few steps.
Which is the more expensive of the two?
This is the cheaper of the two.
I had to choose between the two.
Which is the heavier of the two?
The two groups share equally in the company.
Out of the two designs, I prefer the former to the latter.
Better to have one plough going than two cradles.
Between two stools you fall to the ground.
There is a yard between the two houses.
The two banks consolidated and formed a single large bank.
The two buildings adjoin.
Is there a river between two parks?
The war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides.
You shall receive two certificates of achievement.
The two parties allied to defeat the bill.
Build a house on the level between two valleys.
Choose between the two.
The two towns are separated by a river.
The two roads join here.
Two heads are better than one.
Either of the two roads leads to the station.
Do not fold!
Twice two is equal to four.
Two crows are flying in the sky.
The second showing will start soon.
On my way upstairs I thought of the famous pianist.
They let the upstairs room to a student.
The second term came to an end.
Two jet planes took off at the same time.
In February it snows at least every three days.
We have a lot of snow in February.
Two white houses face each other and stand across the way.
Trade between the two countries has been steadily growing.
Let's hold fire for a few days.
Carbon dioxide sometimes harms people.
The amount of carbon dioxide has increased by 10 percent.
Carbon dioxide is not a poison in itself.
I slept only two hours.
Can I borrow one for about two weeks?
The weather stayed hot for two weeks.
Look at the map on page 25.
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
As many as twenty students were absent.
More than twenty boys went there.
How about taking in the Nijo Castle?
That dinner they had together was delicious.
The bells chimed as the couple left the church.
They have been married for twenty years.
I take it for granted that they'll get married.
The rumors about their divorce are getting around.
Both of us are very fond of curry and steak.
Those two are blindly enraptured with each other right now but they say first meeting someone is the first step toward goodbye. I wonder if they're aware of that.
Both are my colleagues.
Both of them arrived at the same moment.
They both are wearing a hat.
Two doctors were talking shop.
The two students parted when they reached the corner.
Two nurses attended to the patient.
There must have been a tacit understanding between them.
Affection sprang up between them.
How are relations between the two of them going?
Two detectives followed the suspect.
Two brothers set out on a journey together.
The two brothers smiled at each other.
Two police officers tried to restrain him, but he broke away and ran into a nearby house.
The two policemen were exhausted, too.
Their argument eventually ended in a draw.
There was a subtle difference between their views.
The two sisters lived very quietly.
The two children pulled at the rope until it broke.
The two premiers had nothing in common.
Two little girls are picking daisies.
Do you know either of the two girls?
Two boys came running out of the room.
Striking differences existed between the two boys.
He is the more able of the two boys.
The views of the two politicians collide violently.
Two senior officials are suspected of accepting bribes from real estate companies.
Practice volleying against two players.
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time.
Two men came up to me.
Two men were fighting on the street.
Two men met face to face.
The taller of the two men went out first.
The two boys look more alike than I thought.
The two men were drinking in a bar.
The two men were released from jail.
The men are getting into shape riding bicycles.
Those two are so quiet it's unsettling. Could this be the quiet before the storm?
When the two disciples heard him say this, they followed Jesus.
Their swords clashed.
I started with two traveling companions.
Money set them against each other.
Two nasty guys robbed me of my jewels and ran away.
They nodded to each other.
The two tried one after the other.
The couple has been falling out over what TV program to watch for over a week.
The couple went off on their honeymoon.
The couple wasn't able to produce the down payment for the loan.
What are you two doing?
They got married.
They lived together for two years before they got married.
The two fixed on the day for their wedding.
They hated each other.
The couple is walking hand in hand.
The couple walked holding hands in the moonlight.
They talked together like old friends.
Two's company, three's a crowd.
The two came to the same conclusion.
Two is company, but three is none.
The two of them split up.
They confronted each other.
They decided to marry next month.
The couple was walking arm in arm.
What would I not do to help you both out of the trouble?
The man has two sons, one of whom is still at college.
I'd like a twin room, please.
The two ships went down at once.
Let the two lines be parallel.
I'd like you to get two adjacent rooms.
He tried to play two roles at the same time and failed.
Two trucks bumped together.
The two vans telescoped together.
The two cars almost met head-on on the way.
Two great civilizations slowly fell into decay.
He who runs after two hares will catch neither.
Never did I see him again.
Never again did I see you.
I'll never overlook your mistakes again.
Please promise me that you will never tell a lie again.
I will not do it again.
I'll teach you to do that again.
If you do such a prank again, you will hear from the owner.
Don't say such a thing again.
Never tell a lie again.
You won't be allowed another mistake.
Get out of my life!
Don't you ever darken my door again!
I'll never set foot in this house again.
Never will I see her again.
You must not forget your math textbook again.
I'll see to it that I will never be late again.
His face can't be seen straight again.
Nobody ever saw hide or hair of him.
He never turned back again.
They should not waste time and money on people who will never wake up again.
Don't come again.
I will never fall in love again.
The sacred ritual took place after being postponed twice.
Having failed twice, William didn't want to try again.
Hear twice better you speak once.
He came back two days after.
I have a hangover.
I caught a cold two days ago.
Two years later, the singer came back.
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all.
Within a couple of minutes, she had eaten up all the bread and cheese.
Put the two sticks across each other.
Keep not two tongues in one mouth.
More than 20,000 Americans are murdered each year.
Jiro is not in.
The nun prayed and crossed herself.
Trim the fat off the meat.
The meat cuts tough.
The price of meat dropped.
The heat was responsible for the meat going bad.
The meat has gone bad.
Which do you like better, meat or fish?
The meat was crawling with maggots.
They say red wine is better with meat than white.
Flesh gives birth to flesh, Spirit gives birth to Spirit.
I'll put some salt on the meat.
Put some salt on your meat.
Which wine goes best with red meat?
The price of meat will soon come down.
Meat won't keep long in this heat.
How many slices of meat would you like?
All the accepted notions and prejudices about flesh being pink.
Meat, please.
You should cut up your meat before you eat it.
If you want to keep meat for long, freeze it.
Cut the meat into thin slices.
Put the meat in the refrigerator, or it will rot.
A butcher deals in meat.
Some stars are hardly visible to the naked eye.
Body and spirit are twins: God only knows which is which.
The flesh is mortal.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
The body converts extra calories into fat.
Physical changes are directly related to aging.
I pulled a muscle.
What kinds of meat dishes do you serve?
How many colors do you see in the rainbow?
You can see the colors of the spectrum in a rainbow.
The rainbow has seven colors.
The rainbow forms an arc in the sky.
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
She seldom, if ever, goes out after dark.
Sunlight brightens the room.
As the days passed, our campaign grew in momentum.
The days are gradually shortening.
The days are becoming shorter.
The weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on.
The sun is up.
The sun having risen, I turned off the light.
The sun is rising.
The east was brightened by the rising sun.
As the sun rose, the stars faded away.
The sun goes down in a wild blaze of color.
The days are drawing in.
The days are getting longer every day.
It grew cold as the sun went down.
By the time the sun sets, we will arrive at the destination.
The sun having set, they left off their work.
The sun having set, we all started for home.
The sun has gone down.
The sun having set, they were still dancing.
I will not hear of you going out alone after dark.
Shinji goes for a walk after dark every day.
It got dark and I was at a loss what to do.
It got dark and I was at loss what to do.
It is getting colder day by day.
It is getting warmer every day.
It got colder day by day.
It is getting warmer day by day.
It becomes warmer day after day.
Because of the drought, the grass has withered.
The spell of drought did severe damage to the harvest.
I'd like to change the date to tomorrow night.
It really depends on when.
The sunshine improved his complexion.
It is getting hotter day by day.
It is getting warmer and warmer day by day.
Day by day he seemed to get better.
I feel cooler standing in the shade, rather than out in the sun.
Japanese flags were flying.
The light became weaker and weaker.
I like reading by daylight.
The Grand Canyon at sunrise was the most impressive sight that I had ever seen.
It can harm your eyes to read in the sun's light.
The day is getting longer and longer.
The sun comes and goes.
The day is short and there's a lot of work.
Please let the blind down.
It is becoming warmer day by day.
Let's take a rest in the shade.
Keep in the shade.
How do I get to your office from Hioka Park?
Her diaries formed the basis of the book she later wrote.
Keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life.
It is a good habit to keep a diary.
Keeping a diary is a good habit.
In order to prevent a further drop of the Japanese currency, the Bank of Japan intervened in the market to support it at around 150 yen to the dollar.
The Bank of Japan lowered its discount rate by half a percentage point Monday, bringing the key lending rate to 4.5%.
The Bank of Japan is considered to have conducted a support buying of an estimated $1 billion on the Tokyo foreign exchange market.
The Nikkei index jumped dramatically just before closing.
The Nikkei Stock Average lost nearly 200 points to close yesterday at 18,000.
You can get energy from the sunshine.
Sunlight pours into the room through the window.
The sun faded the lettering on the sign.
Sunlight and water are agents that make plants grow.
Sunshine is beneficial to plants.
Sunlight is no less necessary to good health than fresh air.
Nikko is situated about seventy five miles north of Tokyo.
The sunbeam acts upon the skin.
There is the scent of pineapples in the sun.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
Though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
With JAL tickets so expensive, expatriates flew Air Iraq.
We really thank you for your patronage.
The sun was hot and they were tired.
The date has been appointed but the place has not.
Let's set a time and day and have lunch together!
My sunburn has started to blister.
My sunburn hurts.
I have a bad sunburn.
Sunburn irritates the skin.
The drought has done great harm to the crops.
The dry spell continued into September.
The drought may tell on the harvest this year.
The drought did severe damage to the harvest.
The pond dried up in hot weather.
Moderate exercise is good for you.
Moderate exercise is good for your health.
As to his daily life, he is very slovenly.
You should only buy such things as you need for your everyday life.
An eclipse of the sun is a rare appearance.
It's getting warmer day by day.
It's getting cooler day by day.
How about getting the special of the day?
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
Write in the date yourself.
It is not easy to commit dates to memory.
Japanese and American interests clashed on this point.
Frictions between Japan and the U.S. are easing up for a change.
We came back to camp before dark.
The beauty of the sunset surpassed description.
We have another ten miles to walk before sunset.
They got to the hotel after dark.
Mt. Fuji is a beautiful sight at sunset.
We went all out to finish the work before dark.
The time will soon come when Japan will distinguish herself in winter sports.
Unless Japan eliminates those barriers, the U.S. will take sanctions.
Unless Japan eliminates those unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
It took a long time for Japanese imports to penetrate the American consumer markets.
Building a tunnel from Japan to China is out of the question.
I come from Japan.
Unless Japan eliminates its unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
The Japan team won the gold medal in the game.
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
I'm looking forward to seeing you again in Japan.
What's the most delicious fruit in Japan?
What is the tallest building in Japan?
Which river is the longest in Japan?
The cost of living in Japan is going down.
The sales in Japan are small in comparison with those in Europe.
What is the average life span in Japan?
In Japan people come of age when they are 20 years old.
In Japan, you are surrounded by beauty.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on most goods and services in Japan.
In Japan, we are paid by the month.
In Japan we do not repeat a year until high school.
Cars keep to the left in Japan.
In Japan people drive on the left.
In Japan, school starts in April.
What others think of a person really matters in Japan.
In Japan, the payroll tax is usually withheld from the monthly salary.
In Japan, people become legally of age at twenty.
In Japan, politicians are more often laughed at than loved in comics.
In Japan, relations between neighbors are apt to be cooler than in USA.
We can drive in Japan when we are eighteen years old.
In Japan children as young as 3 begin violin lessons.
In Japan we have to put a sixty-two yen stamp on a letter.
It rains a lot in June in Japan.
In Japan we have a lot of rain in June.
In Japan, a beautiful city was built as early as the eighth century.
Job hopping was not so common in Japan as in America.
In Japan, bowing is common courtesy.
It is said that golf is very popular in Japan.
Computer supplies are very expensive in Japan.
We often eat fish raw in Japan.
That isn't the case in Japan.
Where did you go to in Japan?
What do you do in Japan?
It's bad manners to eat on trains and buses in Japan.
In Japan almost all roads are single lane.
Rice farming has been developed to a high degree in Japan.
English education flourishes in Japan.
In Japan, you can see the orderly lines at stations.
In Japan, it is very hot in summer.
In Japan people take off their shoes when they enter a house.
You are supposed to take off your shoes when entering a house in Japan.
In Japan the new term begins in April at school.
In Japan the school year begins in April.
In Japan, are nurses high on the social scale?
We make much of the changing of the seasons in Japan.
In Japan wages are usually in proportion to seniority.
The marriage must be reported in a document in Japan.
Many Japanese get married in church.
In Japan, company aims come before personal goals.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics?
In Japan, all children go to school.
Bicycles keep to the left in Japan.
In Japan you don't pour your own beer; someone else does it for you.
In Japan, we drive on the left side of the road.
In Japan, employment opportunities are significantly lower for women than they are for men.
In Japan, attendance at elementary and junior high school is compulsory.
No river in Japan is as long as the Shinano.
The new term starts in April in Japan.
In Japan a new school year starts in April.
When parents get old in Japan, they are customarily looked after by their children.
In Japan we may criticize the government freely.
Petroleum priced coal out of the energy market in Japan.
The Centigrade scale is used in Japan.
It is known all over the world that, in Japan, students have to take difficult entrance examinations to enter universities.
In Japan, it is proper to bow when you meet someone.
In Japan you can always catch a cab, day or night.
Japan is not rich in natural resources.
The locality does not count for much in Japan.
Along with Tokyo, Osaka is a center of commerce.
In Japan, the rainy season usually begins in June.
No other lake in Japan is as large as Lake Biwa.
No mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
Japan has a surplus of rice, Europe of wine.
There is a chronic oversupply of rice in Japan.
The main diet in Japan is rice.
There is a great market for rice in Japan.
The trains run on time in Japan.
Young and old in Japan celebrate New Year's Day.
Which is the highest mountain in Japan?
What do you think is the most popular sport in Japan?
When you drive in Japan, remember to keep to the left.
Cars made in Japan are used all over the world.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
Japan and the U.S. are the most important trading partner to each other.
Which is larger, Japan or Britain?
Japan and Britain are island countries.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
Japan and the United States became friendly nations.
Japan and China differ from each other in many ways.
About 50 percent of the firms in Japan have acknowledged the necessity of giving their workers longer holidays, and think summer holidays are needed to give their workers both mental and physical refreshment.
I'm very busy back home.
Wage settlements in Japan this year were moderate.
Is this your first time in Japan?
You can't identify silence with agreement when you visit Japan.
I want to make a collect call to Japan.
Can you name any plants peculiar to Japan?
Could I get some temporary treatment because I'll be going back to Japan soon?
What do you think of Japan?
Have you ever read a book written about Japan?
When did you arrive in Japan?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
In Japan there are a lot of beautiful places.
There are many ancient customs in Japan.
Few Indians live in Japan.
There is little oil in Japan.
There are many active volcanoes in Japan.
We have four seasons in Japan.
Japan has many distinctive traits.
We have a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
There are a lot of legends in Japan.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
Japan is subject to earthquakes.
Natural resources are not abundant in Japan.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
Are there any beautiful parks in Japan?
No other mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
In Japan it is not customary to tip for good service.
Do you have a similar saying in Japanese?
Have you decided to go to Japan?
I want to send this letter to Japan.
How long have you lived in Japan?
The people who live in Japan must act according to the Japanese country constitution.
As for living in Japan, I have nothing to complain about.
I want to send a parcel to Japan.
During his seven years in Japan, he studied Japanese in earnest.
It is ten years since he came to Japan.
Do you have any sales distributors in Japan?
Have you ever been to Japan?
Japanese shogi corresponds to chess.
There is usually good weather in November throughout Japan.
Japan's exports to the entire world topped $314 billion in 1998.
Japan's gold and foreign exchange reserves stood at $68.9 billion at the end of 1998, down from $77.0 billion a year earlier.
Japan's ODA largely consists of concessionary yen credit repayable in 30 years, carrying an interest rate of 2% or so.
The curry they serve in Japan is milder than real Indian curry. They adapt it to Japanese tastes.
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any fixed doctrine in haiku.
The bursting of Japan's so-called bubble economy sent shockwaves through international markets.
They are Japanese sumo wrestlers.
Japanese cameras, cars, and hi-fi equipment are used widely abroad, and few modern industries can manage without advanced electronic equipment developed in Japan.
At last, spring has come to this part of Japan.
Where in Japan did you grow up?
No mountain in Japan is so high as Mt. Fuji.
No city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
He has many foreign stamps, not to mention Japanese ones.
Do you have any Japanese beer?
In Japan it is less expensive to stay in a Business hotel.
Japanese businessmen are calling for a level playing field.
No other city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
The number of murders is increasing even in a country like Japan.
Golf is a waste of land in such a small country as Japan.
Japan's changing economic policy is tied up with the labor shortage.
When does the rainy season in Japan begin?
How many medals did the Japanese athletes collect?
The Japanese yen is a stable currency.
The Japanese yen was appreciated.
In Japan the ceilings are quite low for foreigners.
Most Japanese houses are built of wood.
The Japanese onsen is a nice place for skinny-dipping.
Are you interested in Japanese music?
You must remove your shoes when you enter a Japanese house.
Remove your shoes in a Japanese house.
Japanese houses are small.
Japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily.
I'd like to call my parents.
I know that Japanese songs are very difficult for us.
No other singer in Japan is as popular as she.
Such telling effects of contrast as Japanese artists produce by use of empty space.
Japan's fiscal year runs from April 1 till March 31 in the following year.
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality.
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
A reception was given for the Japanese foreign minister.
While the Japanese school teaches almost the same subjects that I study in America, five differences stood out for me.
Some Japanese college students, as is often the case with them, don't study very much.
I think that Japanese students are very good at gathering knowledge.
Japanese corporations are slashing their capital spending programs.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
Japanese companies emphasize hierarchy.
Corporate results in Japan have improved.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of England.
The climate of Japan is not like that of England.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of India.
How do you like the climate of Japan?
The climate of Japan is mild.
As a whole the climate of Japan is mild.
In Japan beef has a high degree of marbled fat.
Japan's competitiveness is very strong in industrial products, but weak in agricultural products.
What do you think about Japan's educational system?
The educational system in Japan was influenced by that in the USA.
They exchanged Japanese money for American.
Japan's army was very powerful.
The Japanese economic system is about to change.
What do you think about the Japanese economy?
The economic of Japan grew up widely.
The economy of Japan is still stable.
The Japanese economy grew by 4% last year.
In order to get some information about Japanese economic problems, you'll find this book very useful.
Japan surpasses China in economic power.
The Japanese public bathhouse was once used as a center of social life in one's neighborhood.
A high household savings rate in Japan is attributed, among other things, to people's desire to save money to buy a home.
Japanese high school students go to school 35 weeks a year.
The Japanese Parliament today officially elected Ryoutarou Hashimoto as the country's 52nd prime minister.
Japan's balance of payments has been running a huge surplus for many years.
The Japanese national power is still developing.
Mt. Fuji, the highest mountain in Japan, is 3,776 meters high.
We would like to report about the latest trends in Japan.
The Japanese fiscal authorities are weighing measures to restore public confidence in their economic management.
Japan's foreign direct investment reached $10 billion last year.
The cherry blossom is to Japan what the rose is to England.
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
Japanese industries export various products to America.
Japanese industry has made great advances since the war.
A Japanese child is a member of a group even while sleeping.
Japanese children watch television more than English children.
Criticisms that Japan's market is closed are just sour grapes.
Japan's money power has a global reach now.
Japanese automakers are investing heavily in new plant and equipment.
Japan's inflation-adjusted GNP growth rate was 5%.
New models of Japanese cars usually come out in the spring.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz.
The young men of Japan are apt to jump on the bandwagon.
Some Japanese wives are content to leave their husbands alone.
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido, Shikoku, Honshu and Kyushu.
The main crop of Japan is rice.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
In Japan women assume the greater load of responsibility for childcare.
Japanese women tend to look tiny and delicate.
Japanese women carry their babies on their backs.
Japanese women get married at 25 on average.
Japanese women marry at 26 on average. It is no mystery that the birthrate is declining.
How many different pieces are there in Japanese chess?
The prospects for Japan's future look dismal.
I worry more about you than the future of Japan.
Japanese consumers are watching closely the U.S. government's efforts to make Japan dismantle various restrictions on imports of foreign goods into the country.
Do you have any Japanese foods?
Japan's national budget for a new fiscal year is normally compiled in December.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
If someone wants the ceremony to be held in accordance with Japanese Shinto ritual, then that is possible at this church.
This is a Japanese doll.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
The population of Japan is less than America.
Japan's population is larger than that of Britain and France put together.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
What is the population of Japan?
The population of Japan is one-eighth as that of China.
The population of Japan is about 120 million.
Politicians in Japan sometimes get away with doing illegal things.
Japan's import of manufactured goods has increased considerably.
Japan is a famous come-back story after Would War II.
Do you know the total population of Japan?
Many rivers in Japan are polluted by waste water from factories.
Many young Japanese people are drifting aimlessly in life.
It is often said that Japanese universities are difficult to enter, but easy to graduate from.
Japanese men still like baseball better than soccer.
Land prices are sky-high in Japan.
The Japanese currency has appreciated against the U.S. dollar by more than 25% over the past year.
A Japanese garden usually has a pond in it.
The railroad system in Japan is said to be wonderful.
The climate of Japan is as warm as that of China.
The Japanese telephone system is highly efficient.
There are no easy answers to the land problem in Japan.
I'm from Tokyo, Japan.
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
In feudal Japan, the lord with the largest land holdings was called a "daimyo."
Prices have risen in Japan and Tokyo is very expensive to live in.
Japan's consumption of rice is decreasing.
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.
Japan's dependence on foreign trade is not necessarily very high as a percentage of GNP.
Japan's trade surplus soared to a record high.
The people who live in the north of Japan enjoy skiing in the winter in the snow.
Japanese comics have boomed on a large scale.
Japan's problem has been that she has continued to view international relations as an extension of her hierarchical interpersonal relations at home.
Can I call my friend in Japan?
Japanese parents are not keen to talk about their own children.
Which one of Japan's historical characters do you identify yourself with?
Japan is, as it were, his second home.
Japan is a service economy, in which services account for more than 50% of the GNP.
Japan is abundant in water and people.
Japan trades with lots of countries in the world.
Japan plays a key role in the world economy.
Japan is not what it was ten years ago.
Japan declared war on the United States in December, 1941.
Japan was the world's largest donor of ODA in 1991.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
Japan consists of four main islands and many other smaller islands.
Japan consists of four major islands and over 3,000 small islands, and is about equal to California in area.
Japan is very different from what it was fifty years ago.
Japan is in East Asia.
Japan began to import rice from the United States.
Japan is doing a lot of trade with the U.S.
Japan is the largest importer of U.S. farm products.
Compared with America or China, Japan is a small country.
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.
How do you like Japan?
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
Japan is lacking in raw materials.
Japan is ahead of other advanced countries in electronics.
Japan has been one of the greatest beneficiaries of the free trade system under the GATT regime.
Japan does a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan has a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan is not as large as Canada.
Japan is smaller than Canada.
Japan imports oranges from California.
Japan will soon start to engage in the exploration of the universe.
Japan can thus make a contribution in the fields of culture and education.
That is not the case in Japan.
Japan feels it got shafted in the negotiations.
Japan recognized the new government of that country.
Japan is at peace with her neighbors.
Japan has a lot of beautiful mountains.
What will become of Japan?
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
Japan may appear to be peaceful and tranquil on the surface but the fact is that there are a lot of deep-rooted problems.
Japanese people take three meals a day.
Japan has a mild climate.
What is Japan noted for?
Japan is hot and sticky in summer.
Japan is made up of volcanic islands.
Japan is surrounded by sea.
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.
Japan guaranteed a 2 billion yen aid package to developing countries.
Japan has been urged to alter her diplomatic policies.
Japan is unique among the Asian countries in having modernized completely.
Japan is a mighty nation.
Japan is full of surprises!
Japan came under American pressure to open its financial market.
Japan is famous for her scenic beauty.
Japan has to reconstruct its economy.
Japan has economically become a powerful nation.
Japan has to import most of its raw materials.
Japan depends on overseas countries for the supply of raw cotton.
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.
Japan will need more labor to cope with its declining birthrate.
Japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization.
Japan is an industrial nation.
Japan is trying to cope with the aging of its population.
Japan is expected to play a greater role in international society.
Japan seceded from the League of Nations in 1933.
Japan stood with the United States at the U. N. Assembly.
Japan is still struggling to emerge from recession.
Japan has produced more cars than ever this year.
Japan achieved a real GNP growth of 5% last year.
Japan is an industrial country.
Japan consists of four main islands.
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Japan is bounded by water on every side.
Japan consumes a lot of paper.
Though it is poor in natural resources, Japan has become an economic superpower thanks to international trade.
Japan has developed her economic growth.
Japan has been received into the family of free nations.
Japan must depend on foreign trade to make ends meet.
Japan is not what it was 15 years ago.
Japan depends on the Middle East for 70% of oil it consumes.
Japan has a high population density.
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
It is said that Japan is the greatest economic power in the world.
Since Japan is the second greatest economic power in the world, many nations want to learn from her.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Japan plays an important role in promoting world peace.
Japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world.
Japan needed contact with the Western countries.
Don't you think that the taxes are too heavy in Japan?
Japan was hard up for oil.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Japan has enjoyed prosperity since the war.
Japan achieved a remarkable development in industrial technology after the war.
Japan should be kind to other countries.
Japan trades with many foreign countries.
Japan will get it from many countries.
Japan exports a great number of cars to foreign countries.
Japan imports a large quantity of oil.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live in.
Japan has an economy that is supported by hard-working company employees in big cities.
Japan used to trade silk in large quantities.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
Japan is greatly famous for earthquakes.
Japan imports raw materials from China and exports finished products to it.
Japan has diplomatic relations with China.
Japan is to the east of China.
Japan has long been favored by a business boom.
Japan is the best country under the sun.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
Japan is not abundant in natural resources.
Japan is an island country.
Japan is an island country, and it consists of four main islands.
Japan is in eastern Asia.
Japan faces the Pacific on the east.
Japan is a very long country from north to south.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
Japan is very subject to earthquakes.
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Japan imports most of the energy resources it needs.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.
Japan should not spend much money on weapons.
Japan has much trade with the USA.
Japan does a lot of trade with the United States.
Japan maintains friendly relations with the United States.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan depends on foreign trade.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
Japan claims the Northern Territories for its own.
Japan has become a powerful nation.
There came to Japan a foreigner.
I'd like to make a collect call to Japan.
Manufactured imports into Japan have increased considerably.
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
I have come to Japan not to teach but to write.
Welcome to Japan.
I'd like to make a call to Japan.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Japan.
I'd like to send this parcel to Japan by sea.
I'd like to send a cable to Japan.
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan.
There is no other country where books are read by so many people and can be bought so cheaply as in Japan.
In Japan, also, deindustrialization is happening.
It has been ten years since I left Japan.
Every foreigner who visits Japan says that prices here are too high.
Please change this Japanese yen to U.S. dollars.
The Japan Sea separates Japan from the Asian Continent.
Management practices at Japanese corporations are often very different from those at foreign companies.
Japanese companies have set up factories on every continent, and Japanese banks help finance many of the world's major economic programs.
The Japanese economy developed rapidly.
What will happen to the Japanese economy?
The Japanese economy was in an unprecedented boom at that time.
The Japanese economy is in depression.
The Japanese economy continued to grow by more than 5% annually.
The Japanese economy recorded more than 60 months of continuous expansion.
Your Japanese is good.
You know some Japanese.
Can I talk to someone who speaks Japanese?
How do you say "thank you" in Japanese?
Can you make yourself understood in Japanese?
What is the first novel that was written in Japanese?
Don't speak in Japanese.
The Japanese language has honorific expressions.
We cannot find an English equivalent for the Japanese 'giri'.
Do you have any museum guides in Japanese?
Can I hire a guide who speaks Japanese?
The difficulties of the Japanese language prevent all but a handful of foreigners from approaching the literature in the original.
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
Could you bring me a Japanese newspaper?
Could I get a Japanese newspaper, please?
May I have an application form in Japanese?
What is difficult about Japanese is how characters are used in its writing system.
How can I contact a Japanese-speaking doctor?
Do you have any employees who speak Japanese?
Do you know any doctors who speak Japanese?
Call someone who speaks Japanese, please.
Japanese is not used in this country.
It is hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Japanese is our mother tongue.
Japanese has something in common with Korean.
People often say that Japanese is a difficult language.
What do you think of Japanese?
Having studied Japanese, Jenny had no trouble in Japan.
Many foreigners come to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
Is there a Japanese-speaking stewardess?
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
Does someone here speak Japanese?
What is the hard part of learning Japanese?
Where is the boarding gate for Japan Airlines 124?
Where is the Japan Airlines counter?
The university paid my way to Japan.
Have you ever read the Constitution of Japan?
The Japanese people have renounced war.
Some students are not interested in Japanese history.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
We went to the museum to study Japanese history.
The prices of Japanese automobiles are still comparatively high.
Japanese cars sell well overseas.
Whenever I drink sake, I get a headache.
Japanese women are believed to be very clever with their hands.
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food.
Have you got used to eating Japanese food yet?
Do you like Japanese food?
There are some reasons why the Japanese find it hard to act unlike others.
What makes the Japanese unique is primarily their belief that they are unique.
Americans appear unsettled and uncontrolled to Japanese.
Japanese speakers of English often have difficulty in dealing with informal conversation, such as at parties or in small informal groups.
It is difficult for Japanese people to speak English fluently.
As the Japanese like baseball, so the Americans like football.
Are you a Japanese citizen?
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Few Japanese can use English well.
One of the important differences between Japanese and Americans is that Japanese tend to choose a safe course in life, while Americans choose to explore and challenge life.
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese.
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
A Japanese would not have said such a thing.
To Japanese, an American baby sleeping by himself seems lonely.
There is a tendency for Japanese to want to know a certain amount of personal information about someone such as age, position and whether they are married or not, before they feel comfortable talking with a stranger.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
It is the particular environment that has shaped the Japanese mentality.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
Some Japanese may continue to sleep with both parents even during elementary school days.
Some Japanese are concerned about how their country looks in the eyes of foreigners.
Some Japanese are shy even to the point of appearing rude.
Half of the Japanese people lead stressful lives.
The average life span of the Japanese has lengthened to a great extent.
What do you think are the racial traits of the Japanese?
During O-bon, Japanese people believe they receive a visit from an ancestor.
The Japanese tend to identify themselves with the group they belong to.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
Japanese are not so particular about religion.
Japanese should not forget that America is a multiracial nation.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
The Japanese eat more beef than the British do.
The Japanese make a group and tend to act together.
The Japanese have tried to learn the Western way of thinking and feeling for the past hundred years.
Japanese people tend to think that way.
The Japanese are often criticized for being inward looking and insufficiently international in their outlook.
The Japanese are not punctual compared with the Europeans.
We often hear it said that Japanese are good workers.
The Japanese are an industrious people.
The Japanese used to live mainly on rice.
The Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
The Japanese are generally considered to be very industrious.
The Japanese pride themselves on Mt. Fuji, a cone-shaped mountain.
The Japanese are not punctual as a rule.
The Japanese are too sensitive about feelings.
Japanese people exchange gifts in order to communicate.
Japanese people tend to rely on established authority.
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
The Japanese pay more attention to the group or the organization than to the individual.
The Japanese live in harmony with nature.
The Japanese hesitate to regard themselves as being as rich as they are said to be.
The Japanese are not well trained, so far as social life is concerned.
The Japanese live mainly on rice.
The Japanese like to travel in groups.
Japanese seem to prefer picking a marriage partner as much like themselves as possible, finding a job that provides security and slow but steady advancement, and putting money in the bank.
Japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed.
The Japanese are highly receptive to new ideas.
The Japanese are as hardworking as any people in the world.
The Japanese are a very clean people.
The Japanese as a whole are a rice-eating nation.
Some people say that the Japanese are a race apart.
Japanese differ from American in many respects.
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don't.
The Japanese have a lot in common with the Chinese.
The Japanese enjoy the songs of birds and insects.
The Japanese do not always make a bow as a mark of respect.
The Japanese take off their shoes when they enter a house.
The Japanese used to live on rice and fish.
The Japanese live on rice.
We often hear it said that Japanese people are conservative.
The Japanese have dark eyes.
The Japanese are a brave people.
The Japanese are most polite when dealing with friends.
Japanese people are considered to be polite.
Japanese eat more than just Japanese cuisine.
Japanese and British people usually wait at a bus stop in a queue.
Japanese, be talkative!
Japanese students seem not merely to be extremely reserved, but to have at times almost a complete reluctance to speak.
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for 200 million yen.
The idea that Japanese women are submissive and always obedient to their husbands is a lie.
Sixty percent of Japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
The Japanese government takes a neutral attitude on the matter.
The Japanese government made an important decision.
The Japanese government will take measures to counter depression.
Tokyo seems to have got the message from Washington.
I have a watch of Japanese make, which keeps very good time.
Look at the car made in Japan.
A network of railroads spreads all over Japan.
Where is the Japanese Embassy?
Open your atlas of Japan to page 3.
All Japan is excited.
It is fun to know that the beauty of Japanese gardens can't be found in other cultures.
Our smile, which is understandable in the context of Japanese culture, sometimes causes a lot of confusion and is notorious among foreign people as a mysterious smile.
To understand Japanese culture to the full, you should learn the language.
Japanese literature, in spite of its beauty and riches, is as yet inadequately known in the West.
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
Japanese food terms are difficult to render into other languages.
Do you like Japanese dishes?
Is this the first time for you to have Japanese food?
What do you think of Japanese food?
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
Let me take you to a Japanese restaurant.
As it is Sunday, I have no work to do.
On Sunday, we would get up early go fishing.
On Sunday, I go to church.
He would often go fishing on Sunday.
Let's meet on Sunday.
Do you have anything particular to do on Sunday?
Do you deliver on Sundays?
I usually go shopping on Sunday afternoon.
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?
Sunday is followed by Monday.
It seems like years since Sunday morning.
Are they open on Sunday?
Sunday is the day when people go to church.
Is Sunday the first day of the week?
It has been raining since Sunday.
Sunday is the first day of the week.
It's Sunday. He can't have gone to school.
It being Sunday, the supermarket was very crowded.
It being Sunday, the shops were not open.
It being Sunday, the park was crowded.
It being Sunday, I didn't get up early.
It being Sunday, I got up late in the morning.
Since Sunday, the shop has been closed.
Is it open on Sunday?
It being Sunday, we have no classes today.
On Sunday, I play tennis with Emi.
I'll call on you on Sunday.
Would you like to play tennis on Sunday?
On Sundays, we would get up early and go fishing.
I often play tennis on Sunday.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
I do the laundry on Sundays.
She used to play tennis on Sunday.
What do you do on Sundays?
We'll meet on Sunday.
You don't have to work on Sundays.
Let's get together on Sunday.
I worked on Sunday, so I had Monday off.
I hope the weather will clear up on Sunday.
We are against working on Sundays.
The Fukuoka Marathon was held on Sunday.
I'll come and see you at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.
It was a Sunday afternoon and the town was bristling with people.
Monday follows Sunday.
Some people go to church on Sunday morning.
Can you come on Sunday evening?
He did not work on Sunday night.
I'm not always home on Sundays.
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.
I don't receive on Sundays.
We always take it easy on Sundays.
What do you like to do on Sundays?
I relaxed at home last Sunday.
I stay at home on Sundays.
Sunday is the day when I am least busy.
Sunday is the day when I am busiest.
Sunday is when I spend my time reading.
Sunday is not an ordinary day to me.
Sunday is the last day of the week.
There is no harm in you sleeping late on Sunday.
Sunday comes after Saturday.
We abbreviate Sunday to Sun.
Is there postal service on Sunday?
It is imperative for you to finish by Sunday.
I'd like to extend my stay through Sunday.
I usually get up at seven and go to bed at eleven except on Sundays.
I work every day except on Sunday.
Daily commodities increased in price.
What floor is the daily goods department on?
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
We saw cows grazing in the meadow.
A dairy cow is a useful animal.
His permanent tooth is coming in behind his baby tooth.
An adult tooth came in right next to a baby tooth.
I have a discharge from my nipple.
The baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel.
My breasts are tender.
I have a lump in my breast.
They were pieces of paper, cut in the size of bills.
Either come in or go out.
The instant he came in, he fell down.
You may not come in.
It's occupied.
Might I come in?
The newest staff members get all the donkey work when they're at the bottom of the ladder.
"You'd better come in," the man said.
We are supposed to take off our shoes at the entrance.
Please hand in the papers at the entrance.
I think that it would be inconvenient to live in a city with no door.
The door opens to the road.
I spend money as soon as I get it.
You should have knocked before you came in.
Please knock on the door before you enter.
I never thought they would accept me.
Am I going to have a false tooth or a crown?
You had better enter the hospital.
Nobody ever came to see me in the hospital.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
Do I have to stay in the hospital?
Do I have to be hospitalized?
Where is the admission's office?
The hospital patient dropped off shortly after the doctor injected him with anesthesia.
You should stay in the hospital for treatment.
I'd like to get information about your hospital fee.
Admission will be allotted in order of application.
Mail your application for admission directly to the school office.
Our entrance examination was near at hand.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
I will make every effort to pass the entrance examination.
All you have to do is to read this book to pass the entrance examination.
Are you going to take the entrance examination?
The entrance ceremony will be held at 10 o'clock.
Please tell me how to fill out the disembarkation card.
I get nervous at immigration.
I suggest that we hold off on making a decision until all bids are in.
Make a student cram for the entrance examination.
The reform of both entrance examination system and curriculum makes slow progress.
What time does the club open?
Free Admission.
How much is the entrance fee?
What's the admission fee?
Admission was free.
Admission charges aggregated $2500.
The settlers subsisted on bread and water.
I will lend you as much money as you want.
May I take a bath?
A squirrel is taking a bath in the pond.
I have difficulty urinating.
My urine is a little red.
Something like pus comes out when I pass urine.
Let's do a urine analysis.
My urine is pink.
My urine is cloudy.
My urine is clear.
I urinate very little.
I urinate a tremendous amount at a time.
Trust me!
I'm four months pregnant.
I'm expecting.
Let's do a pregnancy test.
How far along are you?
I'd like to get a pregnancy test.
I got a pregnancy test.
Are you pregnant?
I had toxemia during my pregnancy.
By love alone is enmity allayed.
Let's make believe we are ninja.
Nobody is able to succeed without endurance.
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.
Patience is a rare virtue these days.
Patience is the most beautiful virtue.
Perseverance is, among other things, necessary for success.
Perseverance, it is often said, is the key to success.
Mastering facts patiently is far more necessary for them than learning expressive and critical skills.
I have no patience.
Let's over the matter before accepting it.
Wet clothes cling to the body.
Take off your wet clothes.
I don't mind if I get wet.
I stood under a tree to avoid getting wet.
I was falsely accused.
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.
A cat is lying on the sofa.
A cat ran after a mouse.
Seems like the cat had gotten wind of a rat.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
The cat ran right in front of the bus and was run over.
You are a wolf in sheep's clothing.
A cat lay at full length on the roof.
The cat crept under the hedge.
The cat was curled up asleep.
The prime means of communication for cats is body language.
When the cat's away, the mice do play.
Some people like cats, and others prefer dogs.
Some people like cats, others prefer dogs.
She has been unhappy since her cat died.
The cat dug its claws into my hand.
I can hear a cat scratching at the window.
A cat was sharpening its claws against a post.
A cat is lying in the sun.
A cat dashed out of the room.
Even a cat may look at a king.
Setting a wolf to guard the sheep.
I was scratched by a cat.
A cat has nine lives.
Cast pearls before swine.
Don't throw a stone at a cat.
How many hairs are there in a cat's tail?
Yesterday, I found a tiny piece of land for sale in a quiet residential area and I immediately decided to buy it.
We are so busy we'll take any help we can get.
We are very busy and short-handed.
The tongue of a cat feels rough.
Why do cats' eyes shine in the dark?
Cats' eyes are very sensitive to light.
The cat prefers fish to meat.
The cat started to scratch the carpet.
The cat retracted its claws.
The cat slept on the table.
Cats are very clean animals.
Cats are related to tigers.
Cats like fish in particular.
The cat continued to mew.
Cats go mew, mew.
Cats dislike being wet.
The cat ran after the rat.
The cat chased the mouse, but couldn't catch it.
The cat caught the rats.
Mary asked if the cat had drunk all of the milk.
Cats have the ability to see in the dark.
I realized that cats can see in the dark.
A cat can see in the dark.
A cat jumped onto the chair and lay motionless.
The cat is sleeping on the chair.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
It is said that cats can change shape.
The cat jumped in surprise.
The cat hid among the branches.
The cat scratched my hand.
Cats show emotional habits parallel to those of their owners.
Cats are often run over by moving vehicles.
The cat crept toward the bird.
Cats have a dread of water.
The cat was playing with a live mouse.
The cat got through the hedge.
The cat was licking its paws.
The cat made off with a piece of fish from the kitchen.
The cat sprang at the bird.
Cats like playing in the sun.
The cat was basking in the sun.
The cat arched its back.
Cats arch their backs.
Apart from cats, I like animals.
The cat began to tear at the mouse it caught.
The cat lay hidden in the bushes.
Cats can climb trees, but dogs can't.
The cat ran up the tree.
A cat can see much better at night.
Cats are active at night.
My cat is thrilled with joy when she gets fish for dinner.
Anybody and everybody wants to go abroad.
He is hiding his claws.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close one!"
There's more ways than one to kill a cat.
Don't pick up the cat.
I'd like to have some hot chocolate.
Hot soup burned her tongue.
During hot weather, be sure to drink lots of water.
We cannot walk on the hot sand with bare feet.
The hot bath relaxed her.
I refreshed myself with a hot bath.
I've just had a hot bath, so I feel much better.
A hot bath and then bed.
The hot bath relaxed my muscles.
Have you any fever?
I'm really out of it today. It must be because of my fever.
As you have a fever, you'd better stay home.
I have a fever and I ache all over.
Fever indicates sickness.
I have a fever.
Heat will break this chemical down into harmless gases.
The fever has abated.
My fever won't go away.
The fever has risen.
Soon hot, soon cold.
The patient was hot with fever.
Heat turns ice into water.
Any fever?
I have no fever.
Heat is a form of energy.
Heat expands most things.
Has the fever gone down?
Heat turns water into steam.
Heat changes ice into water.
Have you taken your temperature?
Have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon?
Don't you wish to make a flight in a hot air balloon?
A frenzied feasting tells of the beginning.
The eager spectators crowded into the stadium.
Passion is one of her characteristics.
By dint of hard work he succeeded at last.
They were all ears for the news.
Running hard is important for you.
Application to his studies brought him excellent results in the final examination.
They felt weary after their hard work.
Study hard, or you will fail in the exam.
If you study hard, you will become a good student.
They say that in tropical countries people usually marry in their teens.
The tropical sun glared down relentlessly.
It's a tragedy that rainforests are being destroyed for the sake of profits.
Tropical rainforests are a cause for concern.
The destruction of the rainforests affects our environment.
Tropical rainforests produce oxygen and consume carbon dioxide.
The rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day.
Rainforests should be preserved.
Rainforests provide the earth with many benefits.
Hot water burst out.
I burned myself with boiling water.
Miki fell passionately in love with someone she just met.
He looks young considering his age.
Year followed year...
Age diminished his strength.
Her hair became gray with the years.
Your age is beginning to tell.
His age is beginning to tell on him.
He is in good health in spite of his age.
Act your age.
We are not able to put a young boy in prison.
He looks very vigorous, considering his age.
Maybe it's his age but his opinions seem a little more grounded in experience than everyone else's.
I want to age gracefully.
Don't make fun of old people.
Now I'm older, I see things differently.
We should be considerate to the old.
Aged people like to keep the world the way it is. On the other hand young people love to change the world.
There's no fool like an old fool.
In later years, I confess that I do not envy the white boy as I once did.
Old and crippled, he had courage enough to do the work.
No one is so old but he can learn.
She became more and more beautiful as she grew older.
As I grew older, my health declined.
The older we grow, the less innocent we become.
As we grow older, our memory becomes weaker.
The older we grow the less innocent we become.
The older you grow, the more you tend to adhere to fixed ideas.
The older we get, the weaker our memory becomes.
Old age has undermined her memory.
I wish to revisit England before I get too old.
As you get older you start to feel that health is everything.
They'll be more sensitive to the cold as they grow older.
The older you are, the more difficult it is to learn a language.
The older we grow, the poorer our memory becomes.
The older you get, the less sleep you need.
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.
New Year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
Writing new year's cards is a Japanese institution.
How much is the annual membership fee?
An individual with an annual income of more than 15 million yen is required to file his or her final tax return in March.
Old men are apt to forget.
The old must be respected.
Once a man, twice a child.
She's a widow and a pensioner, and faces many hardships.
It is the case that those who live on a pension are forced to lead a hard life.
The years pass by quickly.
Years passed.
I don't want to use aging as an excuse to go soft in the middle.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
My annual income approximates fifteen million yen, I suppose.
The older ones do not always know more than the younger ones.
You must not take liberties with older people.
Respect is due to older people.
The older boys are always playing tricks on him.
The elder sons are now quite independent of their father.
From year to year, pollution is worsening.
From year to year, pollution problems are becoming more and more serious.
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
As is often the case with old people, my grandfather keeps early hours.
Older people still remember the Kennedy assassination.
Older people are often afraid of trying new things.
From year to year they were growing poorer.
We become very shorthanded at the end of the year.
We shall go on reading this book until the end of the year.
I will have obtained a driver's license by the end of the year.
We must complete the bond by the end of this year.
There is no easy cure-all for old economic ills.
When annualized, the quarterly gain represents a 4% growth.
Every person will be admitted regardless of his or her age.
Age discrimination is illegal and retirement is mandatory in only a few occupations.
Regardless of age, everybody can apply for it.
I am eighteen years old.
We cannot ask anything about age or physical problems.
People of all ages like this song.
Try to act your age.
Her age qualifies her for the job.
Old Mr Smith is saving as much money as he can.
You must think of your old parents at home.
The old man leaned forward and asked his wife with a soft voice.
You must think of your old parents.
Have something to eat just in case.
Enclosed is a copy of the bank transfer receipt.
Let's take an X-ray just in case.
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.
I repeat it by way of caution.
The firemen's face was grim when he came out of the burning house.
It was brave of you to go into the burning house.
There was a shortage of fuel.
There's a fuel shortage even in the Tokyo area.
Petroleum was replacing coal as fuel.
Fuel economy is a big advantage of this car.
The fuel shortage awoke the country to the need for developing atomic energy.
I have mucous in my stool.
Laughing troubles away is characteristic of him.
There is no profit in worrying.
I like weak coffee better than strong.
Strong coffee kept her awake all night.
The dense fog made the building invisible.
A thick fog delayed our flight.
The thick fog prevented the plane from taking off.
The thick fog blotted out everything.
Dense bushes concealed him.
In addition to a thick fog, there was a heavy swell.
Our plane couldn't land on account of the dense fog.
The heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
The freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog.
Not a soul was to be seen because of a dense fog.
It is dangerous to fly in this heavy fog.
The fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him.
Don't keep the bicycle in the barn.
Don't keep the car in the barn.
On entering the barn, he found a missing bike.
The barn door had been carelessly left unlatched.
Taxpayers are angry about wasteful government spending.
Each taxpayer has the right to know where his money goes.
Natto reminds me of a bad experience.
"Natto" smells awful but tastes terrific.
Natto smells awful but tastes delicious.
Although natto smells awful, it is delicious.
Natto is sticky.
What a pain!
Noh is a traditional Japanese art.
Ability alone is not enough.
Ability is the only factor considered in promoting employees.
It is no wonder that a man of his ability is so successful.
Our brains control our activities.
I had a cerebral contusion.
The structure of the brain is complicated.
The brain was not like the liver or the lungs.
While a brain operation is being performed, both doctors and nurses must handle the patient with kid gloves and yet with all speed practical.
I'll take your EEG.
The farm includes 160 acres.
The farm abuts on the road.
"I want to be a farmer", said Pip.
The farmer liked to keep them busy.
The farmer looked at Tony, "How old are you, boy?" he asked.
The farm owner has a large farm.
The stable is right behind the farm house.
Would you like to be a farm boy?
Farmers sow grain seeds in spring.
The farmers are forced to produce the crops in the greenhouse.
Farmers turn up the soil with plows.
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of wheat on the road.
Fertile soil is indispensable for agriculture.
Agriculture is economy of the country.
What about farming?
Agriculture is defined as the cultivation of soil for growing crops.
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.
Thanks to the development of agricultural science, world food production has managed to keep up with population growth - but only at the expense of the future.
Farmhouses have barns.
The crops are up to the average.
There is a man working on the farm.
Some farmers are working on the farm.
The farm is three miles beyond the river.
The farmer plowed his field all day.
The transition from farm life to city life is often difficult.
The farmer is scattering seeds over the field.
The farmers complained that because of the dry weather there would be a poor harvest of winter grain.
Farmers store vegetables for the winter.
Farmers are busy working in the field.
The farmer pitched the hay onto the wagon.
The farmer was patient with the unruly horse.
The farmer plants the corn in the spring.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Farmers cultivate the soil.
Farmers work hard in the winter, too.
The peasants were planting rice.
The farmers were scattering seed on the fields.
The peasant scattered the seeds of grain.
The farmers didn't know what to do.
Farmers are always at the mercy of the weather.
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
Farmers often moonlight to supplement their incomes.
Farmers are still sitting on the fence over which candidate to back.
Farmers produce crops.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
Farmers rebelled against the government.
Farmers made a lucky strike on estates.
The waves swallowed up the boat.
Waves were battering the shore.
The waves dashed against the rocks.
The waves washed upon the rocks.
The waves dashed against the seawall.
The waves are high.
Waves are beating the shore.
The waves are rising.
Tears are a child's weapon.
The waves carried me off my feet.
Nothing was to be heard except the sound of the waves.
The waves are subsiding.
Waves are breaking against the rocks.
The waves sprayed the rocks with water.
The waves dashed the shore.
The sea was white with foam.
Wave after wave surged upon the beach.
A stormy life? It's fine to watch that kind of thing on TV but I wouldn't actually want to live it.
I fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee.
Factional in-fighting threw a monkey wrench into the deliberations.
It has been estimated that, as a result of the destruction, fifty species of wildlife are disappearing from the earth each day.
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.
My water broke.
Wide is the gate and broad is the way that leads to destruction.
An unscrupulous person would sell even his own mother down the river.
Basho was the greatest poet.
A whale is no less a mammal than a horse.
Not every horse can run fast.
Get down from your horse.
Suddenly the horse began to run about wildly.
The horse rose on its hind legs.
I saw a horse galloping toward me.
A horse is very useful.
If you mate a horse with an ass you will get a mule.
Get on a horse.
Have you ever ridden a horse?
I'll try to jump over this stream on a horse.
Riding a horse is really thrilling.
There was nothing for me to do but mount the horse.
Riding a horse is great fun.
Before getting on a horse, you usually put a saddle on its back.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
I rode around the country on horseback.
The horse snorted impatiently.
The horse would not move.
A horse can run very fast.
The horse is a very useful animal.
Horses are distinct from donkeys.
The horse is a domestic animal.
A horse is a friendly animal.
A horse can run faster than a man can.
A horse runs quickly.
A horse is an animal.
The horse jumped the gate.
The horse ran through the fields.
Horses are useful animals.
The horse is a useful animal.
Tie the horse to that tree.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
Nonsense!
Silly me! I've taken someone else's umbrella by mistake.
You boob! I should not have asked you.
This is ridiculous!
Don't be silly.
Come on, don't be silly.
Stop making a fool of yourself.
A foolish idea came into my mind.
Don't have me on!
No medicine can cure folly.
He that knows little often repeats it.
Is that all you can talk about - the Internet?
This is silly!
A fool, when he is silent, is counted to be wise.
I'm putting my ass in a sling for you.
The horse and buggy is now definitely out of date.
Look at that knight on the horse.
Haiku are closely related to the seasons of the year.
Actors, artists, musicians, and writers may use many forms including spoken and written words, actions, colors and sounds.
The actors appeared in historical costumes.
Actors are used to appearing in public.
The actors are waiting on the stage.
Wastes have polluted portions of our water.
The ruined castle is now under restoration.
The town in ruins, burning, people and children being killed.
I have pain when urinating.
I have pain toward the end of urination.
I have a urinary problem.
I bleed when I have bowel movements.
I don't ovulate.
I'm taking a fertility drug.
The defeat didn't dampen his spirits.
It is not for the vanquished to talk of war.
The losers received a "prize" too: They were beaten up by the winning team!
Rumors of defeat were abroad.
The defeated army retreated from the country.
Defeat and failure make people too humble.
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.
Not being tall is not a serious disadvantage in life.
Being short is a disadvantage to a volleyball player.
I have to eat, too.
A tall woman came along.
A tall boy is standing at the gate.
A tall man went off from there in a hurry.
The tall man came out of the house.
A tall man came up to me.
At the moment she saw a tall man with a gun standing in the doorway, she instinctively backed away.
A tall man intruded into my apartment with a gun.
That seat reclines further.
Straighten up.
Carry your head high.
The police say there's someone pulling string behind the scenes.
She twists around at a voice behind.
The man was of normal height.
He fought a last-ditch battle.
My back still hurts.
A sore back hindered me from playing tennis.
I feel a pain in the back.
I was kicked in the back.
Please wash my back.
Uniform number No. 7 is his younger brother.
It may cause lung cancer, too.
There is a connection between smoking and lung cancer.
It took me a long time to recover from pneumonia.
Pneumonia causes difficulty in breathing.
I had an artificial insemination with sperm from my husband.
I built the kit taking care not to make mistakes in the wiring.
Do you charge for delivery?
As I checked your delivery that I received, I found it included a T-shirt which I did not order.
Can you deliver this?
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
We have two deliveries every day.
The mailman left a letter for her.
I'll pay double the price.
Plum blossoms come out in March.
The plum blossoms are at their best this week.
It is our rainy season.
I wonder when the rainy season will end.
When will the rainy season be over?
The rainy season sets in about the end of June.
The sky is gloomy and gray - a typical rainy-season sky.
It looks like the rainy season is going to start after next week.
Mr Umemura teaches us English.
From the buyer's point of view, the prices of these CD players are too high.
A buyers' market is a market in which goods are plentiful, buyers have a wide range of choices, and prices are low.
Please drop by when you go out for shopping sometimes.
Would you like to come shopping with me?
I have to go shopping.
What do you say to going shopping?
I would rather stay at home than go shopping.
You are an angel for doing my shopping.
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?
Can you do some shopping for me?
I will call you when I have done my shopping.
As I didn't have time to go shopping today, I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner.
Would you like to go shopping with me?
Shoppers hurried along the sidewalk.
The shoppers stood in a line.
Shoppers crowded the streets.
I had my umbrella taken while I was shopping.
It is up to you whether to buy it or not.
Before deciding to buy it, I tried on the jacket to see if it would fit.
She left the store because she didn't have anything else that she had to buy.
What you cannot afford to buy, do without.
You will be better off buying a new one than trying to fix it.
As the men walked up and down the rows of people, they shouted, "Get your dachshund sausages!"
A seller's market is a market in which goods are relatively scarce, buyers have a limited range of choice, and prices are high.
Sales fell off in the third quarter.
The sales are slipping.
In proportion as the sales increase, the profit will rise.
The sales didn't amount to anything.
We worked hard so as to increase our sales.
Don't worry about making lots of sales.
Relative to overall sales, that of software is insignificant.
Sales are amazingly brisk.
Sales fell short of their goal.
The jury were asked to allow for the age of the accused.
The jury acquitted him of the crime.
The jury is hung.
The jury has returned a verdict of guilty.
The jury's guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
Keep off the flies.
Uncle asked: "What is three plus four?"
The doctors inquired into the mystery of nature.
Who shall decide when doctors disagree?
No one can approach him in wideness of knowledge.
I'll buy a through ticket to Hakata.
The Shinkansen from Hakata pulled in just on time.
Gambling brought about his failure.
You have to get on that bus to go to the museum.
There are some interesting exhibits in the museum.
Visitors were few at the museum.
There are no live animals in the museum.
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.
You'll see two buildings right opposite the museum, and the restaurant is in the taller of the two.
Where is the entrance to the museum?
Where is the museum?
The museum is around the corner.
I understand the museum is closed on Mondays.
The museum had to close due to lack of finances.
Is this the right way to the museum?
You cannot enter the museum. It is currently under repair.
Will you show me the way to the museum?
How far is it to the museum?
The exhibition will be open for another month.
The exposition will be held for six months.
Two little squirrels, a white squirrel and a black squirrel, lived in a large forest.
The white drapery does not blend with the black wall.
Do you have any shirt in white?
At a word from the ballet master in the white suit, the room will come alive.
Is it white?
Do you have a dress in white?
The girl wearing a white dress is my sister.
There is a white dove on the roof.
The white parasol is hers.
I like the one with a white belt.
The white boat went down the stream.
A white lily is very beautiful to look at.
A white yacht was sailing over the sea.
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.
A white cloud is floating in the blue summer sky.
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky.
There were white clouds sailing in the sky.
A white cloud is floating in the blue sky.
The girl in a white uniform took my temperature.
We saw a white ship far away.
A white ship came into view.
White doves are pretty birds.
The woman who wore the white clothes was out to a party.
The lady dressed in white is a famous actress.
The girl dressed in white is his fiance.
The girl who is dressed in white is my fiance.
Keep away from the unlicensed taxis.
The color white is a symbol of purity.
White paint will brighten the room.
Would you like white wine or red?
White wine is the usual companion of fish.
Get it settled once and for all.
Black and white television sets have gone out of date.
We have a black and white dog.
Let's make clear which is right and which is wrong.
A beam of white light is split by a prism into rays of various colors.
The swans on the river make a dreamlike scene.
The swans migrate from here to Florida.
I'm getting more and more gray hair.
Her gray hair makes her look older than her age.
Her eyes are rolled back.
Not a few people think that all foreign-made articles are superior to ones made in this country.
I saw his face in the dim light.
Her face was not clear in the poor light.
You shouldn't read in such poor light.
Back into the hole where I was born.
The twilight came on.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
It was at that very moment that the bomb went off.
When the bomb was dropped, I felt the house rock back and forth.
An A-bomb is a terrible weapon.
He exploded with anger.
Security at the airport has been stepped up since the bomb scare.
Such was the explosion that the roof was blown off.
There was an explosion, and before anyone could say Jack Robinson, the airplane burst into flame and fell.
The explosion shook the whole building.
The explosion killed several passers-by.
The explosion ruled out their survival.
She came back ten minutes after the explosion.
The explosion frightened the villagers.
Experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened.
Explosives went off with a bang.
Bomb-making criminals frequently have the motive of wanting public attention.
I could not resist the lure of great profits.
It is really lovely to go up Mt. Hakodate and look at the night view of Hakodate city.
We found all the boxes empty.
The box was too big and awkward, so I put these in a bag and brought them.
The shape of a box is usually square.
The boxes vary in size from small to large.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
There are six apples in the box.
There are many apples in the box. Some are red and others are yellow.
Inside the box were cuttings from newspapers and magazines.
There are some eggs in the box.
There are some pears in the box.
Are there any apples in the box?
What is in the box?
There are some empty bottles in the box.
There is a doll in the box.
There are a lot of tools in the box.
All the eggs in the box were broken.
Look into the box.
I looked into the box.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
The box was open and empty.
The box is empty. But give it a touch.
The box was heavy, but he managed to carry it.
May I open the box?
Dreams flew out of that box when it was opened: dreams of secrets written in disappearing ink and of overwhelming odors.
You must be quite accustomed to using chopsticks by now.
I have a serious skin problem.
The skin gradually took on a healthier look.
I have dry skin.
I have greasy skin.
He stood for freedom of speech for everyone regardless of color.
Exposing skin excessively to the sun causes sunburn, sometimes blisters.
It's chilly.
Your skin is breaking out.
The field is crying out for rain.
The field was rank with weeds.
The field measures more than 300 acres.
It is better not to go out of your field.
It is interesting to hear from someone in a different field.
He's in his element when working on the farm.
Mr Hata told us on television some interesting stories about various animals.
He left for England at the beginning of August.
You should arrive at school before 8:30.
We're sunk.
I tried all possible means.
Don't try to be all things to all men.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
Mark the words which you cannot pronounce.
With respect to pronunciation, he was the best of all the students.
Except for pronunciation, everyone can speak good French.
Can you read phonetic signs?
The hikers were all but frozen when they were found.
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own.
I am honored that you should ask me to speak.
If you permit me to speak, I can explain everything.
Which is the departure platform?
There are only five minutes till the train starts, and she hasn't appeared.
I have a skin eruption.
Could you wrap it for mailing?
The growth in population is very rapid in developing countries.
Developing countries suffer from difficulties of fiscal problems.
The developing world and the developed world can prevent a war from breaking out by helping each other.
Please limit your presentation to 30 minutes.
The ingenious man received the prestigious award for the first time.
Inventions are born, so to speak, of necessity.
Old words often take on new meanings because of inventions and technology.
My hair is so messy!
I saw a girl whose hair came down to her waist.
My hair has grown out.
Just brush your hair.
My haircut only cost 1,000 yen. That's pretty rare these days. He probably didn't have a license.
My hair is greasy.
Look at the girl whose hair is long.
She touched her hair. It was wet.
They look alike except for the color of their hair.
I have had my hair cut shoulder length.
The other boys teased him when he got his hair cut.
I have to comb my hair.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
You should go and have your hair cut.
I've got to fix my hair.
I'd like you to cut my hair.
You look nice with your hair short.
A girl came running, with her hair streaming in the wind.
Didn't it ever occur to them that they would be punished?
She resolved not to pay the fine.
The fine shall be paid in cash.
A lot of my hair has fallen out.
Is there any other way besides extraction?
Your tooth must be extracted.
Should I have my tooth extracted?
Thanks to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled three-fold.
Thank to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled threefold.
The pigeon has flown away.
The judgement went against the government.
The judgement was against him.
The decision was in favor of the defendant.
Judgement will be given tomorrow.
The judge can't stop.
The judge was exhausted from the nervous strain.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
The judge bound the spectators to keep quiet.
He will be here in half an hour.
It rained like mad for about a half-hour.
Half of the melons were eaten.
Show me short-sleeved ones, please.
I only ride a bicycle at odd times.
Do you offer any half-day tours?
You must come every six months for a check-up.
Six months ago I had an operation for the cataract in my right eye.
I had a Caesarian section six months ago.
Give me half of it.
Half-forgotten music danced through his mind.
You'll get brownie points if you respond quickly.
The anti-nuclear energy movement is being led by a number of organizations.
The rebels made a barricade across the road.
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to prison.
The rebels took control of the capital.
Rebellion it always sells at a profit.
The defiant manner is characteristic of teenagers.
Opposition leaders say it's possible the Communists could end up in a small minority.
All political dissidents were purged under the former regime.
He couldn't help doing so in the face of opposition.
I had no desire to say anything against you.
The members of the opposition party were enraged against the bill.
The noes have it.
A rebellion was brewing.
A revolt broke out.
The revolt was crushed.
The rebel concealed his ambition to destroy the regime.
The rebels have captured the broadcasting station.
The wind filled the sails.
The sails fluttered in the wind.
All the sails were taken down.
He hammered nails into the plank.
Boards are used to make floors.
The plank froze to the ground.
Crime is on the increase.
It cannot be denied that crime is on the increase.
Every crime calls for punishment.
Crime has often been related to poverty.
Crime does not pay.
Crime doesn't pay.
Crimes sometimes result from ignorance of the law.
Criminals are deprived of social rights.
The criminal got very tired from the fight with the two officers.
Criminals generally do not single out police officers.
I was asked to cooperate with them for the criminal investigation.
The crime investigators are looking into the murder case.
The crime rate is increasing in this country.
The crime rate is rising steadily.
The criminal was arrested by the police.
The criminals have all been apprehended.
The criminal and his companions ran away while we took our eyes off.
The criminal is not Bob, but his twin brother.
The criminal robbed the landlord of a hundred thousand dollars and ran away.
The criminal was sent into exile.
The criminal begged the judge for mercy.
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.
The criminal confessed to theft.
The criminal left footprints.
The culprit is caught like a rat in a trap.
The criminal was arrested and put into prison.
The prisoner escaped under cover of night.
The criminal came out of the house with arms raised.
It's totally without precedent for the suspect's attorney to be the true culprit.
You must realize that prosperity does not last forever.
Prosperity depends on hard work.
Please tell me which bus to take to go downtown.
We wandered aimlessly around the shopping district.
Extra special treatment is imperative to get the vessel through government red tape, so that she can leave port on time.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
The sales plan allows of no alteration.
The meeting on sales promotion is dragging on.
Accessories were laid out on the shelf for sale.
We are writing to inform you that Mr Koichi Ohara has been appointed as Manager of the Technical Department in succession to Mr Taro Iida.
It may snow in the evening.
Dinner is ready, Father.
A dinner will be given next Saturday.
There's no point in hiring a babysitter for the evening.
It may well rain before tonight.
The trend towards late marriage is going to increase more and more.
It is not proper to be late for a dinner party.
At the dinner party he insisted on my making a speech.
I want to mention the release of our new software edition at the banquet.
Late in life the miser learned to be generous with money.
I'll stand you a dinner.
The number is 932-8647, but I don't know the area code.
You seem to have the wrong number.
You've got the wrong number.
I'm afraid you have got the wrong number.
I think you have the wrong number.
I am afraid you have the wrong number.
None of the programs look interesting to me.
Certain parts of the show have been toned down to make it suitable for a family audience.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
The program will finish with the national anthem.
He is above all meanness.
Too much humility is pride.
Don't be a dog.
In the country, the colors of the sky and of the foliage are entirely different from those seen in the city.
Shakespeare was not of an age but for all time.
He is into the Internet.
He, and he alone, must go.
Isn't he gorgeous? - So tall and smart-looking.
He recently had the bad luck to incur his boss' wrath and got sent out to work in the boondocks.
He said he dashed this proposal off in one sitting. It's pretty sloppy.
He'll never show it, but I think that deep down, he's seriously worried.
He's unstoppable right now but the question is how long he can remain at the pinnacle of his career.
He seems really depressed and lifeless today. I wonder what took the wind out of his sails.
I feel like he's grown cold toward me lately.
He has a lot of confidence.
I hope he will not let us down again by being late.
His boosterism makes it sound wonderful but I wonder if he understands how hard it's going to be to actually carry out.
He cannot have done it by himself.
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death. You really never know what might happen next.
He was so vigorous in making love that his companion for the evening went down for the count.
He may well be proud of his father.
It is strange that he should have done such a thing.
He is Mr Brown, chairman of the committee.
He gave me whatever help I needed.
Everybody suspected him of taking a bribe.
When he said "water," she gave him water.
It's amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen.
I had him pegged for a one-rounder at most.
He is unable to finish it in an hour.
I think it wrong that he should go alone.
He can't be under thirty.
He will call for me about six.
I wish he had gotten a hit in the bottom half of the seventh inning.
If he was to return at seven o'clock, why didn't he?
I did not think he was so timid.
If only he had been there.
He is the owner of the liquor shop.
He has every reason for getting angry with you.
Is he your teacher?
He will go in your place.
If he had given up smoking then, he might not be suffering from such a disease.
I think it's a great pity that he died so young.
Do you think he did the job on his own?
Is he the owner of that car?
Everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war.
He was behaving so stupidly that I couldn't keep my temper.
He made such a long speech that we all got bored.
He walked so fast that she couldn't keep up with him.
That he grew up in America is well-known.
It's true that he is in America.
It was because he was injured that he decided to return to America.
It is definite that he will go to America.
I have not heard from him since he left for America.
Have you heard from him since he left for America?
He had not gone through all that hard training for nothing  he won first prize.
If he did not watch so much television, he would have more time for study.
He was clever to leave so early.
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel.
That he did such a terrible thing is certain.
It is strange that he should say such a thing.
I can't bear to see him cry like that.
If he were a good pitcher, we would win this game.
I arranged that he be admitted to a good hospital.
What he says makes no sense at all.
I have a general idea of what he means.
He suddenly started doing an impression of an announcer and we all cracked up.
What he said about England is true.
I don't understand his reluctance to go.
He is certain to turn up some time.
Please tell me when he'll arrive here.
It is not certain when he came here.
I don't know when he'll come here.
I don't know when he entered the building.
I couldn't figure out where on earth he was heading for.
Whether he will come at all is doubtful.
Don't bother with what he said.
Can you believe what he said?
Now that he has gone, we miss him very much.
I don't know when he returned from France.
I cannot recall when he moved to Boston.
If he keeps drifting aimlessly, his late father will turn over in his grave.
It is not known when he came up to London.
I don't know when he'll come back.
Please check on when he will return.
Ask her when he will come back.
There is no telling when he will show up.
I'm not sure as to when he will turn up.
I don't know for certain when he will arrive.
It will be reported when he is coming to Japan.
I didn't notice when he left the room.
I am not sure when he will be back.
Please tell me when he'll be back.
Do you know when he will come?
I am not sure when he will come.
I cannot tell when he will come, but when he comes, he will do his best.
I do not know for certain when he will come.
Tell me when he will come.
You are doubtless aware of his absence.
Without him, I would be helpless.
It's nice to be rid of him!
It is strange that he should say no.
What he said in his interview makes sense.
He is no more a liar than you are a liar.
He can't have told a lie.
It was obvious that he was lying.
I have never heard him lie.
It occurred to me that he might have told a lie.
He cannot have told a lie.
He never visits us without bringing some presents for my children.
She took advantage of his confusion to escape.
It is fact that he wants to visit Egypt.
He said he would keep from chatting.
He attended the meeting for his father.
He is impatient to see you.
The court found him guilty of stealing money.
The more he flatters, the less I like him.
It's natural for him to get mad.
He broke out into rage.
I caught him cheating in the examination.
I'll give him your message when he comes.
We will begin the party when he comes.
I will go when he comes back.
I was writing a letter when he came.
I will start after he comes.
Let's begin the discussion after he comes.
He cannot have been there yesterday.
Don't count on him to lend you any money.
There is no persuading him to join the club.
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.
It is of no consequence to me that he is coming.
I expect him to come.
Until he comes, I cannot go away.
I wonder where to hang the picture he gave me.
He was accredited with these words.
It is a pity that he should miss such a chance.
I'm disappointed that he's not here.
I wish he were here.
It is strange that he is not here. He always comes at this time.
Don't you think it strange that he is not here?
When he was here, he would swim in the morning.
Let's suppose that he is here.
I'll tell him so when he comes here.
Would that he were here to help us.
I want to know if he'll come here.
I believe that he comes here.
I will go out if he comes here.
That he comes here is surprising.
It is certain that he will come here.
I don't know when he'll be here.
A year has passed since he came here.
Hard work has carried him this far.
I observed him come along here.
In case he gives me a phone call, tell him that I will call him back.
I saw him come this way.
It is surprising that he should not know this.
He is the master of this house.
He should be promoted in the light of what he has done for this company.
I must bring home the fact that he is wrong in this case.
It is true that he accepted this job.
It'll take him two days to finish this work.
The time will come when he will regret this.
I don't have the remotest idea what he will do next.
It is easy for him to answer this question.
How long did it take him to write this novel?
He laid out this garden.
He must have entered this room.
I often see him taking a walk in this neighborhood.
It is said that he wrote this book.
He can't have read this book.
It is true that he is good at playing golf.
He can't have written this; it's not his handwriting.
He was heard to sing at the concert.
It is odd that he is so late.
I thought it strange that he should be up so late.
That he should behave like this!
I stayed so he wouldn't feel lonely.
It was impolite of him not to say goodbye.
I know that he'll call with another price increase.
I never saw him in jeans.
It'll be a pity if he fails.
The wind he gave off smells.
What he did was nothing less than madness.
He comes back from Sydney today.
It was natural for him to be familiar with jazz.
It took him several weeks to recover from the shock.
I suggested that he go there at once.
There is no hope of his getting well soon.
I do hope that he will get well soon.
There is no hope that he will come soon.
It will be a long time before he has fully recovered.
Seeing that he's not preparing at all, it seems that he's not planning to take the exam.
It is funny for him to say so.
It is quite common for him to say so.
He cannot have said so.
He did it not for me but for himself.
It was impolite of him to do so.
He had every reason for doing so.
He does so not because he hates you, but because he loves you.
Since he says so, it must be true.
It is a marvel that he should say so.
What he said is true.
It's quite natural for him to think so.
That he should think so is quite natural.
It is quite natural that he think so.
Small wonder that he thinks so.
What he said there was surprisingly difficult.
Had he been there, he would have told you to mind your manners.
He may be there.
I was surprised to see him there.
He has his reasons for staying there.
His decision to stay there was a surprise to all of us.
It will be dark by the time he gets there.
See to it that he does not go there.
I think it necessary for him to go there.
It was yesterday that he went there.
It was clear that he went there.
It is strange that he should not tell me anything about it.
It will take some time before he understands it.
He had the role of narrating the television drama.
If he had attended the party, they would have been encouraged.
It is not rare for him to make such a mistake.
As he entered the house, two things caught his eye.
What was his motive for setting the house on fire?
He decided not to buy the house, because in the first place it was too expensive, and in the second place it was too far from his office.
He was heard singing the song.
He may well respect the artist.
It is strange that he should not have attended the meeting.
He made the company what it is today.
He has made the company what it is today.
He is the man who drew the picture.
He is in charge of the class.
It occurred to me that he must have lost the money.
The fact remains that he accepted the money.
He has good reason to be against the plan.
It is easy for him to carry out the plan.
He was wrong to go ahead with the plan.
He made up for the deficit.
He made the ultimate decision.
It goes without saying that he's the best person for the job.
He can't have done the work for himself.
If he doesn't accept the job, some other person will.
The reason why he should resign his job is that he is not equal to it.
It took him a week to finish the work.
It will take him two hours to finish the work.
Nobody believed he stood a chance of winning the match.
It is strange that he should have lost the game.
It is strange that he knows nothing about the matter.
He cannot have said that.
I think there is little probability of his succeeding in the enterprise.
His complete ignorance of the accident surprised me.
Can it be true that he has denied that fact?
He was responsible for the car accident.
It occurred to me that he must have stolen the dictionary.
He designed the car.
Whether he wrote the novel or not is not known.
He designed the new building.
It is strange that he should have refused the offer.
It is possible for him to swim across the river.
He assumed full responsibility for it.
His acceptance of the present was regarded as bribery.
It was natural that he should win the contest.
It will take him at least two years to be qualified for that post.
This is the hut in which he lived.
None of us knew his decision to win the long-distance race.
It must be easy for him to find the way.
It is certain that he didn't go out that day.
We know nothing except that he did not come home that day.
It cost him ten dollars to get the ticket.
I have the impression that he knows the secret.
The marvel is that he succeeded in the adventure.
It is difficult for him to solve the problem.
We besought that he might give us the medicine.
It is natural that he should refuse that request.
He made up the story.
He was wise not to participate in it.
The moment he touched it, it blew up.
I can't believe that he is that depressed.
For him to finish it in a day would be impossible.
He can not have done that.
The time when he did it was not known.
It is entirely up to him whether he does it or not.
It is impossible for him to do it.
It is evident that he did it.
The fact that he did not do it cannot be denied.
It is impossible for him to finish it in an hour.
It is impossible for him to do it in a day.
He can't have solved it.
I don't care whether he'll lend it to me or not.
Whether he wrote it or not will always remain a secret.
It was obvious to all that he meant it.
By the time he was ready to cut his eye-teeth his parents were already dead.
When he gets up on stage to sing one of his out-of-tune solos, I get so nervous for him that I get sweaty palms.
I think it quite strange that he should not know such a thing.
He cannot have done such a thing.
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.
He may well get scolded for doing that.
I can't fancy his saying that.
It is strange that he should say so.
That he should say such a thing!
It is no wonder that he should say such a thing.
Can he have said such a thing?
Can you imagine him driving such a splendid car?
It is a pity that he died so young.
It will be difficult for him to get up so early.
The reason why he came so early is not evident.
It is sad that he has been sick for such a long time.
He must be a good walker to walk such a long distance.
Is there any reason for him to resign so suddenly?
I thought it unusual that he was up so late at night.
He cannot have done such a silly thing.
It is rare that he should make such a mistake.
He cannot have said such an unreasonable thing.
He cannot have said such nonsense.
It is impossible for him to give up smoking.
It was a sight to see him dance.
It is regrettable that he was not elected captain of the team.
When he started to eat his chicken, it tasted a little funny.
He is the very person I was talking of.
If and when he arrives I'll pay.
He came out of the room at last.
Look at him raising his arm in triumph.
The reason why he left the tennis club is obscure.
I don't know if he locked the door.
Nobody could tell what he meant by that.
Do you know what has become of him?
I cannot understand why he left so suddenly.
When he would not give them higher pay, they went on strike.
Do you know why he has been absent from school?
Who knows what has become of him?
Tell me what has become of him.
No one can imagine what has become of him.
I don't know what has become of him.
What do you think has become of him?
I cannot guess at all what is going on with him.
It beats me how he got that money.
No one knows how he has amassed his enormous fortune.
I have no idea how he escaped.
I stepped aside for him to pass.
Do you know where he bought his camera?
No one could tell where he was.
Tell me exactly where he lives.
I have no idea where he lives.
God knows where he fled.
It doesn't matter where he comes from.
I don't know where he comes from.
It is all the same to me where he goes.
Do you know where he went?
I don't know where he went.
I have no idea where he has gone.
There is no way of knowing where he's gone.
God knows where he has gone.
I wish he would make up his mind one way or other.
He looked so funny that I couldn't help laughing.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
I know for certain that he is a man of great importance.
He was naturally very angry.
He told us such funny stories that we all laughed.
Tell me how he got it.
How he escaped still puzzles us.
It is interesting how he learned Japanese cooking.
Isn't there any way to predict how he'll act?
No matter how hard he may study, he cannot master English in a year or two.
Tell me how did he smiled at you.
I don't know what plan he will try.
We can know in advance what excuse he will make.
I don't know what he is like.
I can't figure him out.
It is his laziness that he must overcome.
He hit me, not her.
I can't figure out why he said so.
It is a mystery why he did not finish the poem.
I can't figure out why he did it.
I can't make out why he is so much troubled.
I can't make out why he isn't here yet.
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.
It is a mystery why he quit his job.
Do you know why he put off his departure?
It is still a mystery why he suddenly left the town.
Don't lose your temper whatever he may say.
Don't trust him no matter what he says.
I can hardly make out what he says.
He took charge of the arrangements for the party.
I had been reading a letter when he came in.
The meeting was going off without a hitch until he threw a wet blanket on it by making silly remarks.
He is anything but a fool.
When he came to Tokyo for the first time, this college had not been opened yet.
As soon as he got on the bus, it began to move.
When he arrived at the bus stop, the bus was already out of sight.
He wouldn't be caught dead playing pachinko.
It is two years since he left for Hawaii.
They are investigating the mystery of the universe thoroughly.
If you heard him playing the piano, you would never think he is an eight-year-old boy.
Keep silent while he is playing the piano.
He played the piano and she sang.
She insisted that he play the piano.
He may well get very angry.
He has good reason to get very angry.
He cannot have completed the work by himself.
It is doubtful whether he did his homework by himself.
Everybody thought it strange that he lived alone.
Two months have passed since he left for France.
He went to France not so much for sightseeing as for observation.
If you were to hear him speak French, you would take him for a Frenchman.
He's the new CEO from the parent company in France.
I saw him coming with his briefcase under his arm.
What he said to Beth was nothing less than an insult to her.
I found him lying on the bed.
I took for granted that he got homesick.
I don't like him any more than he likes me.
If he asks, I will give it; if not, not.
I gave him as much food as he wanted.
Don't believe all the stories he's put about.
I can assure you of his earnestness.
He won the race again.
It is very doubtful whether he is still alive.
He hasn't come yet.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
It is strange that he has not come yet.
No sooner had he struck the match than the bomb exploded.
Did you know he bought a condominium?
It is hardly possible for him not to make any mistake.
I saw him playing cards with all of them.
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.
If he had been a little more careful, he would have succeeded.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
Let's wait here till he comes back.
The news that he brought delighted us.
If he had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.
I wish he would write more often.
The gate had already been closed when he returned.
I'll get the work done by the time he gets back.
When he came, we were having dinner.
It's uncertain if he'll come.
Everything was in order until he came.
It is clear that he is guilty.
Now it would be better to keep a sharp lookout for what he might do.
He thought of a good solution.
It will be some time before he gets well.
It is not probable that he will get well.
My uncle would not have employed him but that he was very energetic.
The horse kicked at him when he approached it.
He didn't live to say another word.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
It is not good to borrow money from him.
I haven't heard from him for ages.
Do you often hear from him?
We got an unexpected present from him. I guess he felt a little obligated after what we did for him.
I couldn't get a definite answer from him.
I have heard nothing else from him yet.
I have not heard a word from him as yet.
I haven't heard a word from him as yet.
I got a scribbled note from him, but haven't heard from him since.
I have had no news from him yet.
He sent back a message that everyone was well.
I have heard nothing from him for five years.
He was a great influence on me.
I have heard nothing from him.
Months went past without any news from him.
He wrote to me yesterday.
The motorcycle which I borrowed from him broke down.
Have you got a letter from him?
I received an invitation from him, but didn't accept it.
I had a phone call from him.
Have you heard from him?
He proposed to Miss Lee and she accepted.
Is it true that he won the race?
It is not likely that he did it on purpose.
I'm pretty sure he came late on purpose.
He acted as our guide.
I was annoyed with him for interrupting me.
We have to attend to what he tells us.
You are mistaken if you think he is wrong.
Although he was wrong, he didn't say he was sorry.
It is clear that he is a great artist.
The fact that he was a great statesman cannot be denied.
It is impossible for him to become a doctor.
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.
We thought it was in the cards for him to aim to become a doctor.
The town where he was brought up lies east of Osaka.
It makes no difference to me whether he joins us or not.
It wasn't Mary that he went to the museum with.
She would often hear him grumbling to himself.
The fact that he did not accept any money shows that he is an honest man.
It is true that he won first prize.
He is least likely to come.
It is her eldest daughter that he loves most.
He is most likely to succeed.
It is certain that he is the tallest of us all.
I am adamant that he undertake it.
When he retired, his son took over his business.
His decision to retire surprised all of us.
It's obvious that you told a lie.
It is possible that he is telling a lie.
It never occurred to me that he might tell a lie.
He's never told a lie.
I knew all along that he was telling a lie.
He assures us that he didn't attach a false statement.
Are you taking in all he is saying?
The car he's driving is not his.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the movies.
I heard the news of his death with deep regret.
He can no more swim than a hammer can.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for a native speaker.
I often listened to him speak in English.
If he is proficient in English, I'll employ him.
If he were proficient in English, I would hire him.
He can speak French, not to mention English.
Two years have passed since he went over to American in order to study English.
Hearing him speak English, one would take him for an Englishman.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for an Englishman.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for an American.
To hear him speak English, you would mistake him for an Englishman.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for a native.
If he could speak English, I would employ him right away.
The moment he arrived at the station, it began to rain.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
When he got to the station, the train had already left.
Were it not for the fact that he is a billionaire, she would never marry him.
His extensive knowledge of music was a revelation to us.
I heard him coming downstairs.
I found him a genius at chemistry.
It is clear that he pretended to be ill.
He never does anything but she smells it out.
He started to say something, but I beat him to it.
We don't care what he does.
Guess what he told me.
Whatever he may say, I won't change my mind.
It is remarkable that he said nothing at all.
What do you think he did?
Do you know what he has done?
It was clear what he meant to do.
It was clear what he was trying to go.
I don't care what he does.
There is no telling what he will do.
I cannot understand what he is driving at.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
No matter what he may say, don't trust him.
Do you know what he said?
It was rather difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
What do you think he has in mind?
There is no telling what he is thinking.
I can't imagine what he is thinking.
I don't know the reason why he will not go on to college.
There is no telling what time he will come.
I'm uncertain what time he is coming.
I don't mind in the slightest who he is.
It is clear that he is at home.
He broke into a house.
I went to market after he came home.
He may well be proud of his house.
He had hardly left home when it began to rain.
As soon as he went out of the house, it began to rain.
His running away from home is due to his father's severity.
It is fact that he ran away from home.
It was after a meeting in America that he decided to write a book for non-scientists.
I never heard him sing.
Can you hear his singing?
I see him singing, but this isn't often.
He sang a song.
He is father to the bride.
He is commander of our troops.
It is certain that he will agree with us.
He deprived us of our liberty.
I expect that he will help us.
Is it certain that he will help us?
I wish he had attended the meeting.
I see no reason why he doesn't relate to the firm.
He persuaded his firm to let him go back to his old job.
Everyone knows that he worked hard to get to the top of the company.
He made a speech on behalf of our company.
There are rumors in the air that he was fired.
It is strange for him to be dismissed.
There is no reason why he should be dismissed.
There is little if any hope for his recovery.
I had hoped that he would recover.
Is there any chance of his recovery?
Is there any prospect of his recovering?
There is little hope of his recovery.
There is little, if any, hope of his recovery.
It's even chances that he will get well.
There is no hope of his recovery.
It is this window that he broke.
I am suspicious of him.
It's true that he saw a monster.
I can hardly imagine him going abroad.
Just because he likes painting, it doesn't follow he knows how to paint.
I helped him out with his picture.
It was not until he was forty that he started to paint pictures.
We heard him come downstairs.
I heard him go down the stairs.
Did you see him go out?
He is in charge of entertaining the foreign guests.
He argued that nuclear weapons were a threat to peace.
He found that the things he had studied in school were not useful in the business world.
He can not have gone to school.
He can't have gone to school.
It is only natural that he should do well at school.
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school.
It is strange for him to be absent from school.
It is for this reason that he left school.
It is by this reason that he left school.
It's such a long time since he left school.
He is anything but a scholar.
It was a glass that he broke.
The vase broken by him is my aunt's.
Little did I imagine he would achieve a perfect game.
He is the minister responsible for the environment.
It is plain that he is wrong.
It is certain that he is wrong.
It's obvious that he's in the wrong.
Look at the book which he put on the desk.
I remember the time when he returned.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
Will you tell him about it when he comes home?
As soon as he comes back, let me know.
Let's start after he comes home.
Please wait till he comes back.
Let's leave things as they are until he comes back.
I'll wait here till he comes back.
It will have stopped raining by the time he comes back.
He came back, and it rained soon.
Let's leave as soon as he gets back.
When he was leaving, he told me that he would come again by the 25th.
It was because he was ill that he decided to return home.
It was because he was sick that he decided to return home.
The sun had already set when he got home.
I was just going to write a letter when he came home.
I suggested to her that we go to the movies after he came home.
Upon returning home, he found a letter in the mailbox.
When he came to, he was lying in the park.
I didn't tell him the truth for fear he would get angry.
It is best that he should do his duty.
He was elected chairman.
His absence was due to illness.
The reason he was absent was that he had a severe headache.
Now that he is absent, I will have to work in his place.
I was pleased with the rapidity with which he mastered Japanese.
After he left, she started feeling uneasy.
I stayed there until he had left.
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.
His threat got me to start studying seriously.
To his surprise, the train made a quick stop.
To his amazement, the door opened all by itself.
To his surprise, the thief turned out to be his own son.
He was right to give up smoking.
I have a feeling that he may blow in sometime soon.
He moved into my neighborhood.
We cried banzai at the news that he won the gold medal.
We congratulated him on winning a gold medal.
Some new books were added to the library at his expense.
I caught him stealing the money.
It's clear that he stole money from the safe.
Because he is rich, it doesn't follow that he is happy.
I never counted on his being rich.
It is clear that he is rich.
The police suspect that he robbed the bank.
Whatever he asks you, you mustn't answer.
Were he to see you, he would be surprised.
He cannot have told you a wrong number.
It is certain that he will agree to your plan.
I bet that he'll accept your proposal.
No wonder he refused your offer.
The reason he refused your offer is obvious.
Don't you know he is enraged at your insult?
It came out that what he had told the police was not true.
I can't account for his absence.
I am impatient with his inability to make decisions.
I am convinced that he is innocent.
It's just possible that he'll eventually recover the use of his legs.
It is not you but her that he wants to marry.
The woman whom he married is very beautiful.
How did you know that he is married?
They have been married for ten years.
His good health is attributed to getting plenty of sleep.
It was a miracle that he recovered.
He was seen to enter the building.
The box he found was empty.
I'm sure that he is clever.
It is not clear whether he is wise or not.
I am no more intelligent than he.
When he went out the front door, the bus was just coming around the corner.
When he turned up, we had been waiting for two hours.
We were talking about him when he appeared.
His appearance animated the party.
There was an awkward silence when he appeared.
I have no idea where he is at present.
I think it's true that he wasn't at the scene.
All that he says is true.
Whatever he says is true.
What he says is false.
What he says is very important.
Admitting what he says, I still think that he is in the wrong.
Few students could understand what he said.
He says firefighting is a feast or famine job.
What he said turned out to be false.
What he said cannot be true.
Don't take any notice of what he said.
Some of the things he said got under my skin.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
What he said may well be true.
What he said is, in a sense, true.
What he said was by no means true.
What he said then shocked me.
What he said is not true.
What he said counts for nothing.
What he has said is true of them.
What he said turned out to be true.
Do tell me what he said.
Do you believe what he said?
I remember what he said.
Only a few understood what he said.
Everything he said was right.
What he said was to the contrary.
I got the gist of what he was saying.
What he is saying doesn't make sense.
What he says sounds very sensible to me.
He was heard to shut the door behind him.
It is evident that he has made a mistake.
I like him.
I understand him to be happy.
I know quite clearly what he thinks.
It is Egypt that he wants to visit.
The dog followed him wherever he went.
It is advisable for him to go.
It is definite that he will go.
I don't care whether he leaves or stays.
His success delighted his parents.
It is doubtful whether he will pass.
I would like to have seen him before he left the country.
He hasn't been heard from since he left the country.
I copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard.
I wish he were here now.
I know nothing as to where he is now.
Make certain where he is now.
We are worried about where he is now.
It is certain that he is in Hawaii now.
Where he will live doesn't interest us.
We were surprised when we saw him in the office this morning.
I am uncertain when he will come next.
I don't know if he will visit us next Sunday.
You should read such a good book as he is reading now.
Sport has made him what he is.
What he is today he owes to his father.
I don't know the reason he is absent today.
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?
It is no laughing matter that he couldn't graduate from university this year.
The dinner he ate this evening was inferior in quality to that dinner.
His reelection seems sure.
What he needs most is a good job.
It serves him right that he missed the last train.
He was the first to arrive.
He was the first person to arrive.
He was the first to come.
His boast that he is the best pitcher is true.
There is no doubt about his ability.
There is no room to doubt that he is a gifted artist.
I must make sure whether he is at home or not.
The model plane they built was fragile.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
He came to see you yesterday.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week.
What he said yesterday is not true.
What he told me yesterday is a white lie.
It is doubtless that he was murdered.
I read in the newspaper that he had been murdered.
The number of prey they killed was the same.
Whether he agrees or not, we won't change our plans.
He fell in with a strange man when he was taking a walk.
It doesn't matter whether he agrees or not.
It makes no difference whether he agrees or not.
It is uncertain whether he will agree or not.
I don't care whether he agrees or not.
I am certain that he will quit his job.
He has every reason to quit his job.
There must be something wrong with the pen he is using.
His constant complaints aroused my rage.
I thought it strange that he didn't turn up.
He is certain to turn up.
Let's wait here until he turns up.
I've known him ever since he was a child.
He is actually not the manager.
The estate went to his daughter when he died.
What will become of the children after his death?
The news of his death spread abroad.
I was surprised at the news of his death.
It was yesterday that he died.
It is a great pity he was given up for lost.
The evening he died was stormy.
He has been dead for three years.
It has been ten years since he died.
She still hated him, even after he died.
Ten years have passed since he died.
With his death, the oldest family in this village died out.
He has been dead for five years.
Three years have passed since he died.
Either he or I am to attend the meeting.
I don't know whether he'll join us or not.
I wish he were on our team.
That he refused our proposal was big surprise to us.
If only he would marry me!
It is surprising that he should have said such things of me.
It never occurred to me that he might insist on treating me to dinner.
I wonder what he promised to do for me.
I hope he will see me and listen to my future plans.
What he told me proved true.
He is the chief of my department.
Either he is to blame, or I am.
He is wrong or I am.
Either he or I have to attend the convention.
Whether he agrees to my opinion or not, I will do the work.
He has my fate in his hands.
What he finds in my face I can't guess.
He's charging me roughly four times as much as he charged when he started cutting my lawn.
I think it doubtful whether he understood my explanation.
He went in place of me.
It is necessary that he follow my advice.
If he had taken my advice, he would now be rich.
I think it was a mistake that you didn't take my advice.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than I am.
He went into the water before me.
It never occurred to me that he loved me.
It is not likely that he did it on purpose to deceive me.
I felt like hitting him when he tried to cheat me.
He chose to have me stay.
I was surprised because he lifted me up with ease.
I saw him looking at me.
I know he is watching me.
It has dawned upon me that he does not like me.
He came to my rescue.
I began to understand the reason why he hated me.
I expected that he would visit me.
It's impossible that he forgot our meeting.
I don't know whether he will agree to our plan or not.
It is true that he got full marks on the test.
It is no wonder that he passed the examination.
That he passed the exam is surprising to us.
I was pleased to hear that he had succeeded in the examination.
I'm glad that he passed the exam.
It is certain that he passed the examination.
I take it for granted that he will succeed in the examination.
I was informed of his failure in the examination.
It was a bitter disappointment to him when he failed his examination.
Never did I expect that he would fail the examination.
It is certain that he will pass the examination.
I can't ensure that he will pass the examination.
Is it any wonder that he failed in the examination?
His failing the test is no laughing matter.
It is truly regrettable that he failed the examination.
It'll serve him right if he fails the exam; he doesn't study at all.
He is certain to win the game.
It was pure chance that he won the game.
The dog who he kept sometimes barked at strangers.
No wonder that he has failed in the enterprise.
It is not because he had a faculty for business but because he was lucky that he succeeded in business.
It was fortunate that he was taken to a nearby hospital right away after the accident.
I accept that he was telling the truth.
He is the president of the company in fact.
I question whether he'll come in time.
I doubt if he will come on time.
If only he arrives in time!
You can rely upon his being punctual.
You cannot calculate on his punctuality.
There is not much possibility of his coming on time.
What he did next was quite a surprise to me.
There is no knowing what he will do next.
His next two books were novels.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle.
I am very much surprised to hear that he got badly injured in a motorcar accident.
He can't possibly write the letter by himself.
There is a picture of his own painting.
The woman who he thought was his aunt was a stranger.
That was all he needed to operate his computer.
It looked almost impossible for him to finish his book.
He may well be proud of his daughter.
It is certain that he helped them for the benefit of himself.
There is a rumor that he has resigned.
There is no reason why he should resign.
There are rumors that he will resign.
There is a rumor about that he is going to resign.
I didn't know he had decided to leave his job.
It is not surprising that he resigned.
Because he was unemployed, their wedlock failed.
I was surprised that he had failed.
It is no wonder that he failed.
His failure was due to his idleness.
It is no wonder that he has failed.
I am afraid he will make a mistake.
That he will fail is certain.
It is hardly conceivable to me that he will fail.
I expect him to get over the shock of his failure.
The ease with which he answered the question surprised us.
I found it impossible to explain what he is really like.
The photo he showed added color to his story.
He was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face.
He kindly drove me to the station.
His car was seriously damaged when he backed into a telephone pole.
He may well be proud of his car.
Someone saw him wash his car.
I saw him wash the car.
He guaranteed my debt.
We must take into account the fact that he is young.
You had better take his youth into account.
He was an early riser in his youth.
Whether he has the operation depends upon the availability of the organ.
It has slowly dawned upon us that he will not help.
Tell me the reason why he was fired.
Is there any possibility of his resigning?
I am positive that he has finished.
The place where he lives is far from town.
There were no flowers or trees on his street.
Do you know the town where he lives?
Would you see to it that they get properly fed?
He played an important part.
As soon as he went out, it began to rain.
It began to rain when he went out.
His primary reason for going out was to see Patty.
I heard him go out.
As soon as he left, the bank closed.
His departure means that there will be peace in the house.
Three and a half hours have passed since he left.
The medicine he had prescribed failed to take effect.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
His oral agreement may not mean anything without his signed contract.
The novels he wrote are interesting.
Had it not been for his help, I couldn't have finished the report.
She would have failed but for his help.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
We took it for granted that he would help us.
On few occasions was he willing to ask for any help.
I'm always surprised at the way he talks to girls.
It looks like he's winning.
I'll bet 10,000 yen on his winning.
There is a good chance that he will win.
There is little chance of his winning.
Whether he will be offered the scholarship or not is still in the air.
His writing of a novel surprised us.
I'm satisfied if he has become any wiser.
I took it for granted that he would consent.
When he smiled, the children saw his long, gray teeth.
You mustn't despise him because he didn't win a prize.
His jumbo jet ought to have arrived in Osaka now.
When does his train arrive at Kyoto?
It is important for him to get the job.
Never have I heard him complaining about his meals.
He said he would pay for the dinner.
I can assure you of his reliability.
I was on the spot when he had a heart attack.
I hope he will succeed in his new position.
He is a new addition to the teaching staff.
To me he's no different from a million other dull middle aged men.
While he was reading a newspaper, his dog was lying beside him.
He can't know the truth.
It is true that he stole the pearl.
It is true that he couldn't know the truth.
He is anything but a gentleman.
I like him not because he is kind but because he is honest.
He thoughtfully gave me a helping hand.
You shouldn't let him get away with cheating.
That he is a man of character cannot be denied.
I doubt that he can make a speech in public.
No one in the neighborhood believed him to be a genius even after he had achieved world-wide fame.
The news that he had succeeded delighted them.
He has succeeded by virtue of his constant efforts rather than his talent.
He succeeded, not because he made efforts, but because he happened to be lucky.
His success is the result of hard work.
It is through hard work that he succeeded, not through good luck.
He owes his success to good luck.
He owes his success only to good luck.
It's natural that he should have succeeded.
He owed his success to both ability and industry.
It is no wonder that he has succeeded.
Never did I dream that he would succeed.
Whether he will succeed or not depends upon his health.
His success depends on his efforts.
There is little doubt as to whether he will succeed or not.
Whether he will succeed or not depends on his efforts.
It is certain that he will succeed.
I hope that he will succeed.
That he will succeed is certain.
Who can guarantee his success?
He couldn't possibly succeed.
Let's help him so that he will succeed.
There is little, if any, possibility of his success.
There was a strong likelihood of his succeeding.
There is little hope of his success.
There is very little hope of his success.
There isn't any hope of his success.
I led him to expect success.
We have some doubt as to whether he has chosen the right course.
I admit that he is right.
I am of the opinion that he is right.
I don't know exactly when he will arrive.
I doubt if he is honest.
We cannot gainsay that he is honest.
I will answer for his honesty.
There are sufficient grounds for believing he is honest.
How can we be sure of his honesty?
I found him honest.
There is no doubt that he is honest.
His honesty is beyond doubt.
Admitting that he is honest, I doubt his ability.
I would never question his honesty.
Granted that he is honest, but I doubt his ability.
We respect him all the more for his honesty.
I am proud of his honesty.
Her honesty is beyond question.
I answer for his honesty.
I answer for his honesty, for I know him well.
He can't be an honest man.
There is no way to confirm that he is alive.
That he is alive is certain.
I was relieved to hear that he was alive.
I don't know whether he is dead or alive.
There is no hope of his being alive.
There is little, if any, hope of his being alive.
That he survived was remarkable.
It was in 1950 that he was born.
The village in which he was born is far from here.
It snowed heavily in the morning he was born.
Where was he born and raised?
He brings home the bread and butter.
I vouch for his sincerity.
His red face showed his anger.
His constant insults aroused my anger.
The examination he took last week was very hard.
He is the boy of whom I spoke the other day.
He is specializing in the study of economics.
It is apparent that he will win the election.
Is there any possibility that he'll win the election?
There is little hope of his winning the election.
Because he is good, it does not follow that he is wise.
It's unusual for him to get up early.
I believe him to get up early.
Do you think he is the guy that broke the window?
The distance he ran was much greater than had been expected.
I saw him running.
The apples which he sent to me were delicious.
It is only natural that he be proud of his son.
He's every reason to be proud of his son.
He is justly proud of his son.
It's not surprising that he be proud of his son.
He may well be proud of his sons.
I've never heard him speak ill of others.
He batted three runners home.
I cannot help his being lazy.
His colleagues gave him a present when he retired.
No wonder he was arrested.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
He acted like he owned the place.
The bigger the words he used, the harder it was to find anything in them.
His mother's prophecy that he would be a great musician was later fulfilled.
I don't know whether he's a college student or not.
I really like him!
To his great joy, his team won the game.
Much to his surprise, he found his dog dead.
It never occurred to me that he was a prison-breaker.
After he bumped into the shelf, the priceless china fell and shattered into fragments.
He sent me a birthday card.
He run fastest by a long chalk.
If only he had known!
I knew that he was trying to use that money to become governor.
His delay made the situation all the worse.
Give him this message the moment he arrives.
I'll give him this message the moment he arrives.
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.
I stepped aside so that he could come in.
That he grew up in China is well-known.
His knowledge of Chinese enables us to carry out our plan smoothly.
I took it for granted that he would become a member.
He intervened and settled the matter peacefully for the time being.
Hardly had he finished breakfast when the telephone rang.
Hardly had he finished breakfast when the doctor came.
He was brilliant in the morning sun.
It was yesterday that I saw him walking down the street.
May he live long!
We saw him walking across the street.
He was seen crossing the street.
We saw him walk across the street.
When he was about to pass, the Sphinx jumped in front of him.
I stepped aside so that he could pass.
The errors apparent in his results are due more to carelessness than faulty procedures.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw him lying face down covered with mud.
The gun went off while he was cleaning it, and the bullet almost struck his wife.
You can easily tell that he is a genius.
That he is a genius is clear to everyone.
It is not too much to say that he is a genius.
I saw him enter the store.
He must have missed the train.
It is certain that he missed the train.
I had been reading a book for some time when he called.
We were in the middle of lunch when he gave me a ring.
Ten years have passed since he went to America.
The crowd cheered when he appeared.
I was annoyed with him for his interruptions.
Naturally he got angry.
I think it natural that he got angry.
No wonder he is so angry.
It is rare for him to get angry.
It is quite natural that he should be angry.
I think it natural for him to get angry.
It's natural for him to get angry.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
There's no denying his ability as a pitcher, but he is rather injury-prone.
It is half a year since he went to Tokyo.
On his getting to Tokyo, I'll telephone you.
I think it certain that he went to Tokyo.
No one went to the station to see him off when he left for Tokyo.
Needless to say he is one of the best writers of the present generation.
There was a long interval before he answered.
There was a long interval before he replied.
The train will have started by the time he arrives.
No sooner had he arrived than the bus departed.
Let me know when he will arrive.
He may well be proud of his bright son.
Where the heck does he work?
There is no need for him to work.
It was extraordinary that he did not agree.
It is strange that he should have lost his way.
He was seen crossing the road.
The results he has got are, in the main, satisfactory.
The crowd yelled when he scored a goal.
He did the work on his own.
Let me know why it was that he came suddenly.
I don't know at all why he quit his job suddenly.
His sudden appearance surprised us all.
I was surprised at his sudden appearance.
His sudden appearance gave rise to trouble.
He was seen to go upstairs.
He came to Japan as a child.
He has been in Japan for three years.
It has been two years since he came to Japan.
He is a famous physicist not only in Japan, but in the world.
It has been three months since he left Japan.
It has been ten years since he left Japan.
The door shut after him.
He came in, and at the same time the bell rang.
I had been reading for an hour when he came in.
I had been reading a book for about an hour when he came in.
Did you notice him coming in?
It was dark when he came in.
The atmosphere became strained when he came.
I had been studying English for two hours when he came in.
I had been reading a book when he came in.
There is no hope of his being appointed.
I would have taken care of him if I had known that he was ill with a fever.
It is true that he went bankrupt.
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.
We took it for granted that he had been punished.
He deserves punishment.
We thought it natural that he should be punished.
He's in charge of the sales department.
He or I am to blame.
It was uncertain whether he would marry her.
I agree to his marrying her.
There is no question that he will marry her.
It is a pity that he can not marry her.
The day came at last when he had to part from her.
It stands to reason that he should apologize to her.
It was cruel of him to say such things to her.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
He may well get angry with her.
That he is in love with her is true.
He told her and she smiled.
We couldn't stop him from hitting her.
No one knows whether he loves her or not.
That he loved her was certain.
There's nothing that can be done about his feeling sorry for her.
It's clear from his actions that he loves her.
It was obvious to everybody that he was tired.
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret.
Spectators gathered as he climbed into the plane.
It's a miracle he wasn't killed in the plane crash.
The picture painted by him is of great value.
Look at the picture which he painted.
He cannot have been ill.
He can't have been ill.
Let's keep it secret that he is ill.
Can it be true that he is ill?
It seems obvious that he is unable to swim.
You must allow for his being ill.
The fact that he was sick was not very impressive to her.
It is true that he is ill.
It never occurred to me that he might be ill.
He can't be ill.
You ought to have known that he was sick in bed.
It was the bad weather that caused his illness.
He fell ill three years ago.
Just because he is poor, it does not follow that he is unhappy.
She despises him only because he is poor.
To my surprise, he failed in the exam.
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence.
His rudeness was conscious, not accidental.
He complains with good reason.
He is managing the business for his father.
He will succeed to his father's property.
His face says that he lost.
The news that he had got injured was a shock to her.
It is an open secret that he deals in weapons.
He entered the room, to be confronted by a policeman.
Hardly had he entered the room, when she burst into tears.
He was seen to enter the room.
I noticed him sneak into the room.
He burst into the room.
He had no sooner gone out of the room than all of them burst out laughing.
I heard him go out of the room.
Seeing that he is angry, there must be some misunderstanding.
We had a hard time doing the job because he was always complaining.
In the years he had worked so hard for equality, new laws had been passed.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
I didn't know he had decided to leave.
No wonder he didn't feel like studying.
As he was studying, the door was suddenly flung open.
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box.
I had just finished my homework when he visited me.
We had known him for five years when he died.
His death was partly my fault.
They say that he has been dead for two years.
It is three years since he died.
I ran after him with a pile of papers that he'd left behind.
I know he is busy.
It is impossible that he is busy.
I know that he was busy.
That he was busy is true.
There is no need to take his advice if you don't want to.
All he wanted was time to finish his painting.
He put the idea into my head.
I could read between the lines that he wanted me to resign.
He had been reading for two hours when she came in.
You can count on him to tell the truth.
His failure to tell me the truth caused an accident.
It is doubtful whether he is telling the truth.
It's no good his trying to find the true reason.
I can't figure out what he really wants.
He writes a daily journal, and that inspired me to try doing the same thing, but in English.
It is true that he goes abroad every year.
His perfect score brought the class average up.
A burglar broke in while he was asleep.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
We are not alone in believing that he is not guilty.
It goes without saying that he is not guilty.
We have every reason to believe him innocent.
I was relieved to hear that he was safe.
They rejoiced when they heard he was safe.
Make certain that he returned home safely.
The news of his safe arrival delighted his family.
I'm anxious for him to return safe.
There is no hope of his coming back safe.
That he is innocent is quite certain.
It was evident to all of us that he was innocent.
No one believes that he is innocent.
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.
It is preferable that he gets there by tomorrow.
I wonder whether he'll make it here on time tomorrow. Want to bet a can of juice on it?
I saw him sawing a tree.
She inferred from his silence that he was angry.
Do you think his silence denotes guilt?
I felt myself insulted when he kept silence.
We didn't move so that we would not wake him up.
Let's wait until he wakes up.
When he awoke it was day.
As soon as he returns, I will tell you.
Tell him so, when he comes back.
Give him the message when he comes back.
I will tell him so when he comes back.
When he came back, the woman had walked off.
The hope of his return encouraged me.
How about waiting here until he gets back?
Wait here till he comes back.
There was nothing for it but to wait till he came back.
Whatever will become of his wife if he does not return?
I will finish it by the time he comes back.
We have to stay a decision until he comes back.
I will wait here until he comes back.
Let's wait till he comes back.
It makes no difference to me whether he likes baseball or football.
I want to meet him to see whether or not he gives me useful information.
What do you think made him break his promise?
It is doubtful whether he will keep his word.
It goes without saying that he keeps his promise.
It wasn't easy for him to keep his promise.
He is famous as a good doctor.
He is likely to win the championship.
I could not but admire his courage.
We know him to be a brave man.
It never occurred to me that he might fail his friend.
They say he is guilty, but I believe the contrary.
It cannot be denied that he is guilty.
The fact remains that he is guilty.
I know him for a man of ability.
I see that he is an able man.
The reason which he gave is hard to understand.
It is not so much money as fame that he wanted.
I was taking a bath when he came.
I had written the letter when he came.
When he came, I was doing my homework.
We will leave as soon as he comes.
Let's start as soon as he comes.
Let me know in no time when he comes.
I'll tell him so when he comes.
Let's do it when he comes.
Will you let me know when he comes?
Ask him about it when he comes.
I expected that he would come.
Whether he comes or not, we'll begin the party on time.
I bet five dollars that he will not come.
Seeing that he has not come, he may be on a trip.
It was extraordinary that he did not come.
If he doesn't come, we won't go.
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.
It doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
It matters little whether he comes or not.
It is doubtful whether he will come or not.
It is uncertain whether he is coming or not.
I don't know whether he comes or not.
It isn't certain whether he will come or not.
It makes no difference whether he will come or not.
I thought it doubtful whether he would come or not.
I doubt if he will come.
I don't know whether he will come or not.
I am doubtful whether he will come.
It makes no difference whether he comes or not.
I think it possible that he may come.
There's no possibility of his coming.
That he will come is certain.
I telephoned to make sure that he was coming.
The news that he would come, quickly got abroad.
You had better be ready in case he comes.
He will blow our party.
I hope that he will come.
It matters little whether he comes late or not.
It is certain that he will come.
It is no good waiting for him to come.
I will wait here till he comes.
Be waiting here until he comes.
Let's wait till he comes.
Is there any likelihood of his coming?
Let me know the time when he will come.
I will get through with my homework before he comes.
It is a pity that he can't come.
There is no guarantee that he'll be back next week.
It is on his father that he depends.
His disappointment was obvious to everyone.
There is no denying that he is clever.
I remember him as a cute, bright little boy.
He is acting for the chief director.
His standing up was the signal for everybody to start leaving the room.
He cannot have gone against his parents.
They shut his water off because he didn't pay the bill.
It was only recently that he got well.
The girl with whom he fell in love left him after a few months.
It's evident to everybody that he's in love.
The girl to whom he is speaking is Nancy.
The matter that he is talking about is important.
Is he speaking English, French, or German?
When he finished speaking, there was a silence.
He spoke, and all were silent.
To hear him talk, you might take him for a girl.
To hear him talk, you would take him for a foreigner.
To hear him speak, you'd take him for a foreigner.
Who is that gentleman to whom he is speaking?
I asked him to stop talking, but he still went on.
His broken arm was the result of a slip on the ice.
The loss of his sense of smell was due to a head injury.
He is sure to succeed in the attempt.
I wish I were as handsome as he.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is the very man that I have waited for.
He may be the very man that I need.
He is the very best inventor in the class.
He is the only person for the job.
He is the very man for the job.
He is the right man for the post.
He is the very man I want.
He is the very person I have wanted to see.
It never occurred to me that he was the right man in the right place.
He is just the man for the job.
It occurred to me that he was the right man.
He is the very best baseball player in our school.
He is a genius, if ever there is one.
He is a real gentleman.
His words pierced to the heart of the matter.
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
Only he read the letter.
His parents as well as he are very kind to me.
Not only he but also I am to go.
He is the only one that doesn't observe the custom.
He's so cool that we all think he's charismatic.
What is he like?
Isn't my boyfriend terrible? He always takes me to see horror movies, even though he knows I don't like them. I hate it.
He is my type!
You really have to manage him carefully.
He is a proud one, you see.
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?
If he can do it well, so much more can we.
I am to meet him at ten.
I'd better see him.
When I understood him I thought better of him.
I feel comfortable in his company.
Being with him always makes me happy.
I never feel at ease in his company.
Don't be so foolish as to go with him.
May I go with him?
I feel relaxed with him.
I wonder what's wrong with him. He keeps breaking his word these days.
There is no getting along with him.
He is very difficult to get along with.
It's very hard to get along with him.
I don't think I can get along with him.
Not a day passes without having an argument with him.
I dream of seeing him there.
For his part he could have done worse.
There was no irritation on his part.
He is the last person I would want to go skiing with.
I compromised with him on the matter.
He and his companion asked me to come along with them.
I don't think your seeing him is good for you.
I had a quarrel with him about trifles.
I'll fix it up with him.
My association with him did not last long.
I inferred from our conversation that he was unhappy with his job.
I benefited much from my association with him.
He and I have been good friends since we were children.
Do you want me to fix you up with him?
Don't disappoint him.
I have known him for ten years.
I have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years.
Don't get too close with him.
I get on well with him.
I've been friends with him since we were children.
I'm always meeting him there.
He and I have a near-telepathic understanding of each other. No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding.
Do you have access to him?
I cannot get along with him.
I often went fishing with him.
I want to talk frankly with him.
I haven't met him.
He and I have been inseparable friends since our student days.
I am in touch with him.
He's just a business associate.
I just can't get along with him.
I'm on good terms with him.
I once sat at the same table with him at a dinner party.
He is a childhood friend.
Shake hands with him.
If you disagree with him, he is liable to get angry.
Unlike him, his son is tall.
I disputed with him about world peace for an hour.
I feel secure with him.
I had to choose going with him or staying here alone.
Those whom he lived with respected him.
I'm going fishing with him.
I can't bear to work with him.
I hesitated to go to the movie with him.
I'm looking forward to seeing him.
I was happy to see him.
Why did you turn away when you met him?
It's no use arguing with him.
It is no use trying to argue with him.
It is vain to argue with him.
No sooner had I come into contact with him than I determined to get to know him well.
I would rather die than marry him.
I don't intend to marry him.
It is no use arguing with him.
Who is younger, he or I?
He and I are pretty much the same build.
I have nothing in common with him.
His ideas conflict with mine.
He and I walked together.
He and I are cousins.
He and I are classmates.
He and I discussed the waste problem in terms of recycling.
He and I can not speak Spanish.
He and I stayed at the hotel.
He and I are brothers.
He and I are teachers.
He and I are bosom friends.
He and I share a room.
He is my namesake, but no relation.
You must not come in contact with him.
You must not keep in touch with him.
You should have nothing to do with him.
I had to meet him halfway.
I got to know him.
I have known him for two years.
How long have you known him?
Have you known him for a long time?
I fell into company with him.
I want to come to terms with him.
No one can cope with him.
When I talked with him on the phone, he sounded tired.
I, as well as he, am not convinced.
You as well as he are diligent.
I am no more diligent than he is.
I cannot tell him from his brother.
It is easy to tell him from his brother.
A gulf divided him from them.
When he got her alone for a moment, he asked for a date.
He and she got married three years ago.
Don't keep company with him.
He is difficult to get along with.
I found it difficult to get along with him.
You'd better not keep company with him.
We can just about read each other's minds.
Make an appointment with him.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
I am meeting him next Friday.
Could you get in touch with him?
I want to contact him. Do you know his phone number?
I want to have a talk with him.
Did you ever talk to him?
Please don't cut in while I'm talking with him.
Keep off the religious issue when talking with him.
It doesn't pay to talk with him.
It is no use talking to him. He never listens.
We may as well begin without him.
He is good for five thousand dollars.
He'll always come through.
I'm sure he can give you a good game of tennis.
He is doing a super job.
He can say such things.
He could do it.
No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
He can be trusted.
He is able to do it better than I am.
He deserves a promotion.
He is a good match for me.
He will make my sister a good husband.
I owe him 1,000 dollars.
He suckered me out of ten dollars.
He kept me waiting for an hour.
He was paid 10000 dollars.
Don't speak to him like that.
As soon as she met him, she burst into tears.
You will have to apologize when you see him.
If a fire should break out in your neighborhood, what would you do?
Let me introduce you to him.
Don't expect too much of him.
He will be given American citizenship.
We must stop him from doing such stupid things.
He put me off with a vague answer.
I threw him a nice ball.
When I told him I had some good news for him, he was all ears.
When would you like to see him?
I offered him whisky or gin, but he said he didn't need either.
I got even with him.
I expect much of him.
I will make him pay the money.
When I asked him to lend me some money, he turned down my request.
You might just as well throw your money into the sea as lend it to him.
Let him pay for it.
I've got to remember to return this money to him.
I accommodated him with money.
He gave me a cold.
We've got to shake him up.
I had him carry my bag.
Please pour him a glass of beer.
Can he do this job?
He is not equal to the task.
If he finds out, certainly he will be very angry.
I will have him repair this watch.
Shall I have him mail this letter?
I'll get him to carry this case upstairs.
I want him to read this.
I tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more.
Do you want him?
I'm going to ask him for an autograph. Do you have anything to write with?
The fan asked for his autograph.
I cannot do otherwise than obey him.
Tell him to come here at once.
I demanded that he pay the debt back at once.
I asked him to do that.
We made a point of his going there.
It is no use trying to convince him of that.
It was discreet of you to keep it a secret from him.
Don't trust him with such a large sum of money.
I will have him carry the baggage upstairs.
When I told him I liked the picture, I really meant that.
He shall pay you the money at once.
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
Get him to help you with the work.
Did you acquaint him with the fact?
I gave him the book.
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?
Let him do it.
I couldn't get him to do it.
He shall have it.
Don't let him touch it.
Let him do it alone.
Don't let him do it alone.
It is marvelous that he should have done such a thing.
Don't put such silly thoughts into his head.
You shouldn't say such rude things to him.
Give him plenty of work to do.
You can ask him for help.
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.
It is next to impossible to make him stop smoking.
I warned you off about him.
Give him a break!
Give him a fair half.
That is all I know about him.
I will tell you about him.
I had enough to keep up with him.
What I told you about him also holds good for his brother.
Rumors were current about him.
Many a story has been told about him.
Judging by what everyone says about him, I think he is just the right man for the post.
The trouble with him is that he is not punctual.
I managed to make him understand it.
I may have met him somewhere before, but I can't recall where.
Ask him where he parked his car.
It was easy for him to answer the quiz.
It is easy for him to carry the stone.
To him wealth is the great prize in life.
Everything went well with him.
It will be difficult for him to speak in public.
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.
She is everything to him.
It's easy for him to compose a good poem.
He won't have a look-in.
However much advice we give him, he still does exactly what he wants.
Whatever faults he may have, meanness is not one of them.
He has a daughter who is pretty.
He doesn't have the ability to do the work properly.
He has a daughter who is very pretty.
I have no fault to find with him.
He has several men to work for him.
He is a bit of a coward.
He has knowledge and experience as well.
He has a son and two daughters.
He had two or three rather competent assistants.
He has two sons that don't go to school yet.
He has two daughters, one is a pianist and the other is a violist.
He has two daughters.
He has no less than three hundred books.
He has three sons, who work in the same office.
He has a strong shoulder for you to lean on.
I'd rather not meet him.
He was suspect in that he had no alibi.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
I cannot thank him enough.
In an emergency he had nothing to fall back upon.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
I'm always surprised by him.
He has a nice place in the country.
For all his faults, I like him.
It seemed that he was short of money.
He has no girlfriend.
He has a fair income.
He has something of the artist in him.
I can't seem to get him to fix this machine.
He had no idea what these words meant.
He is equal to this work.
He did not relish this simple family life.
He has no title to this land.
Let's conceal this secret from him.
It's as easy as pie for him.
I don't remember when I first met him.
He has a son whose name is John.
He had a magnificent sense of humor.
He had a lot of work to do.
He has a lot of things to do.
He had no particular reason to go there.
To him the five minutes seemed like as five hours.
He had no friend from whom he could borrow the money.
He found the shoes too small for him.
He is not up to the task.
He has the ability to do the job.
I doubt his ability to do the job.
He is competent for the job.
He is to blame for the failure.
He had enough wisdom to refuse the offer.
He has the strength to survive the illness.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
Will he have the backbone to speak out against the bill?
He didn't have enough experience to cope with the problem.
I don't doubt his ability to do it.
He could make nothing of it.
He is unable to do it.
He had no confidence to do it.
He has good grounds for believing that.
It is right up his alley.
He doesn't need such treatment.
Having often seen him, I know him quite well.
He is easy to reach.
He had a strong alibi.
I just can't seem to outdo him. I've got a lot to learn.
There's something unusual about him.
There's something mysterious about him.
He doesn't have a dry sense of humor.
It is difficult to gain access to him.
He has no specific aim.
He had little, if anything, to say.
I'll be seeing him again.
He had plenty of fight left in him.
He talks as if he knew everything.
He has another son.
He can not endure already.
I can't put up with him any longer.
He doesn't understand the principle of the thing.
He seems to be bankrupt of humor.
As is often the case with him, he cheated in that exam.
As is often the case with him, he went to the office without shaving.
As is often the case with him, he left his textbook at home.
As is often the case with him, he was late for school.
He made an error, as he often does.
As is the case with him, he reported the event.
He was absent from school today, as is often the case with him.
As is often the case with him, he came late.
As is often the case with him, he was late again.
He made a careless mistake, as is often the case with him.
He came late, as is often the case with him.
As is often the case with him, he was late.
As is often the case with him, he sits up late at night.
As is often the case with him, he was late for class.
That day he went to school by bicycle, as is usual with him.
He is learned in Russian.
He is a constant subject of scandal.
Having seen him before, I recognized him at once.
He had three sons who became doctors.
He has no friend to play with.
He uses extreme care when he drives in the rain.
It is true that he has a habit of inventing lies.
He is in want of exercise.
Though timid in some respects, he was very bold in others.
He has a genius for music.
He has three sons who became musicians.
He has something of the musician in him.
He has something to complain of.
I have not seen him in months.
He is cursed with idle sons.
He is free from care.
I've got nothing to say to him.
He didn't dare say anything.
I have seen him many times.
He seems to hold people from Kakogawa in contempt.
He had time to lose himself in his amusement.
I can't put up with him.
He has the capacity to become an accountant.
He has two sons, I believe.
He feels the cold very much.
I cannot thank him too much.
Be on your guard against him.
He has some income in addition to his salary.
He has no capacity to be a teacher.
He'd had no experience of teaching, but he plunged in nonetheless.
He needs discipline.
He shall have a holiday one of these days.
He has a son of your age.
He did not intend to hurt your feelings.
He can't have heard you.
He didn't mean to hurt you.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He has two brothers, one lives in Osaka and the other in Kobe.
He has managerial talent.
He has no sense of economy.
I blew the whistle on him.
He has an outstanding talent for music.
He had faults, but despite that I loved him.
I admire him, in spite of his faults.
I like him the better for his faults.
I cannot help liking him in spite of his many faults.
He has some faults, but I like him none the less.
He cannot afford to marry.
He has got both authority and ability.
He had no notion of leaving his hometown.
He has as many as five brothers.
He has no close friends to talk with.
I asked him not to go, but he left all the same.
He has fund of information about world politics.
His nationality counted against him.
He is giving me a hard time.
Talented isn't the word for him.
He has three brothers.
He has three children.
He had three sons.
He has only one servant to attend on him.
He has three sisters; one is in Tokyo and the others are in Nagoya.
He has no less than twelve children.
Does he have any children?
He has no children.
He hasn't any children.
He has not more than three children.
He has no children, but he is leading an otherwise happy life.
Has he any children?
He has not less than five children.
He didn't have time to spend with his children.
He persuades you in spite of yourself.
His thoughts are empty of idea.
He had no chance to visit us.
I can't distinguish him from his brother.
He had something that I didn't have - faith.
He had no intention of assisting my job.
I hope he will get through the exam.
He has enough ability to manage a business.
He has the ability to manage a business.
He can't tell fact from fiction.
I see him once in a while.
He didn't have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
He has no idea of his own.
He has no children to succeed to him.
He doesn't have the capacity to be president.
I like him all the more for his weaknesses.
I didn't get anywhere with him.
He has no house in which to live.
He has no house to live in.
He had no friend to help him.
He has two sons who became merchants.
He is not aggressive enough to succeed in business.
There is nothing funny about him.
He has not a little experience.
He is devoid of common sense.
He has an eye for the beautiful.
He has no eye for beautiful.
He can't afford a new car.
He hasn't the nerve to tell the truth.
He has an air of mystery about him.
He is nothing of a gentleman.
He doesn't have a particle of kindness in his heart.
He is devoid of human feeling.
I met him on several occasions.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
He has a pension to live on.
He has a knowledge of biology.
He is mentally handicapped.
He is his teachers' despair.
I haven't met him before.
He can't tell right from wrong.
I was very much annoyed with him.
He has a great sense of humour.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
He has two sons, who became merchants.
He has three sons, who became musicians.
He had three sons, who all became doctors.
He had two sons, who both became teachers.
He never had enough food to give to someone else.
He has plenty of quality.
He has a knowledge of economics.
He has the ability to carry out big plans.
He had time to lose himself in his favorite amusement.
He has many acquaintances but few friends.
He is possessed of intelligence.
I met him about noon.
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
He has natural gifts.
He didn't have enough money to ride home on the train.
He lacks moral sense.
He was awarded a special prize.
He had two sons, who became doctors.
I don't want to see him again.
I never saw him again, nor did I regret it.
He has no daily necessities, much less luxuries.
He has many enthusiastic supporters.
Has he got any experience of farming?
He lacks the talent to be an actor.
He has no basis for his opposition.
He will answer for his crimes.
He had three servants to wait on him.
He has a good case against her.
He will have no chance of winning her heart.
He is blind to her kindness.
He could not comprehend the value of her advice.
He is none the happier for his beautiful wife.
He is without parallel.
He did not have enough money.
He's got nothing to grouse about.
He has the advantage of wealth.
He has a large family to provide for.
He had a large family to support.
He was bound to pay his father's debt.
He has swords and purse.
He has no sympathy for single parent families.
He has no room to study in.
He had three sons who became lawyers.
He is qualified as a solicitor.
He had some urgent news to tell me.
He really gets across me.
He gave me quite a start.
He has a sister and she goes to school, too.
He has two daughters, who are married.
He has three daughters; one is married, but the others aren't.
He has two daughters, both of whom are married to doctors.
His daughter is very dear to him.
He is in the habit of staying up late at night.
He has a position.
He is lacking in courage.
He cannot appreciate friendship.
He doesn't have any friends.
You can easily see the politician in him.
A brilliant future lay before him.
He has a family to support.
He has no family to support.
He has a large family to support.
He has a plan to go abroad next year.
He has no friends to fall back on.
He has two beautiful boys.
He has the ability to make a good plan.
He couldn't tell green from blue.
He has an inferiority complex.
You'd better not tell him.
He had no friend to talk to.
He gave me a bad cold.
He gave me a hard time.
What would you say to convince him to buy one?
He is foolish meeting her again.
Have you sent him a Christmas card yet?
It is no use asking him again.
Ask if he wants another drink.
Ask him to stay a while.
If anything happens to him, let me know.
He has his own collection of phobias.
I advised him to start earlier.
Please bring him his beer.
It's probably a good idea for us to speak in English, so he'll be able to understand.
Let him at it.
We will let him try.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
As is often the case with him, he was late for class today.
Do you see him often?
Do you see much of him?
What was said by him?
In his opinion, the plan is far from perfect.
Please give him my best regards.
Please say hello to him for me.
She waved both her hands so that he could find her.
There is a scandal about him.
I remember having seen him somewhere before.
I want him to sing a song.
Give him a piece of advice.
Don't let him do it for himself.
She must have some nerve to go and meet him by herself.
His son troubled him most.
I took a swing at him.
I wish I hadn't lied to him. I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
It was good if the lie wasn't added to him.
I taught him how to swim.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
Ask him the way to station.
You have only to ask for his help.
There is no use in asking him for assistance.
Can you give him first aid?
Please tell me what happened to him.
I inquired what he wanted.
Forget it. There's no sense giving him advice.
I asked what he was going to do.
How often do you see him?
Will you sell your house to him?
I persuaded him to take on the family business.
I let him get the credit.
I had him carry my baggage.
He openly confessed his faults.
Let him go his own way.
I'm longing to see him.
I telephoned to say that I wanted to see him.
I would like to meet him.
I went to see him, but he was out.
Can you meet him?
Every time I saw him, I was overcome with his brilliance.
Every time I meet him, I feel so happy.
I will meet him some other time.
If only I get a chance to see him.
I passed up an opportunity to see him.
I was not able to see him.
I cannot think that I will ever meet him.
Before meeting him, Pizzaro hid many of his men and guns near the town.
You may catch him.
I remember seeing him.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry with me.
This is the second time that I have met him.
In case you see him, please say hello to him for me.
In case you see him, give him my regards.
She didn't know the information till she met him.
You didn't see him.
Tell him not to be late for school.
Don't meddle in his affairs.
So far as he was concerned, things were going well.
I found it truly regrettable that he should take offence.
He had the jump on me.
He is no longer full of activity.
To add to his difficulties his son died a sudden death.
He acquired the habit of smoking.
Don't cross him or you'll regret it.
Don't oppose him.
I advised him to take a rest.
I'll ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation.
I signed for him to approach.
I demanded that he should pay.
You had as well throw your money into the ditch as give it to him.
You should have known better than to lend him money.
It was very kind of you to lend him some money.
It is stupid of you to lend him your money.
What a fool I was to lend him the money.
He shall go to the bank.
Let him play your guitar.
I mentioned your name to him.
Ask him to sketch out his plan.
Did you advise him to go to the police?
It was difficult to persuade him to change his mind.
Nothing could induce him to change his mind.
Luckily he did not see me.
I remember giving him the key.
Give him rigid training.
I would be grateful if you could give him some information on local conditions.
Let him say what he will.
Let him have his say.
He had his share of luck.
Please tell him to get rid of the dead leaves.
I left the rest to him and went out.
I have given leave to do what he likes.
Woe betide him!
I entrusted my property to him.
It is useless to try to persuade him to agree.
I remember well the time I first met him.
Will you tell him I called?
It took a long time for me to convince him that I was right.
I couldn't make him understand my English.
I had him paint my house.
I got him to mend my watch.
I got him to clean my room.
We learned that he had an accident.
I think it is important to tell him the facts.
We didn't need to ask him to resign.
After I asked him a question, what he meant was clarified.
Did you acknowledge his letter?
You cannot prevent him from drinking.
I intended to hand the paper to him, but I forgot to.
It's no use asking him for help.
She was too proud to ask him for help.
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
It is a good idea asking him for help.
I gave him some helpful advice.
Why don't we ask his advice?
I not only gave him some advice, I gave him some money.
There's little merit in asking him for help.
He is impossible to beat.
I mailed a parcel to him.
If you would like me to introduce you to him, I will write him right away.
Please give him detailed and specific directions.
She cooked him meals.
I provided him with food.
I furnished them with food.
He got a new job.
I impregnated his mind with new ideas.
I am deeply in debt to him.
It is honest of her to tell him the truth.
His prospects of success are barred.
I admit that he is sincere.
He was absolved from blame.
He is under suspicion of theft.
His explanation is by no means satisfactory.
Please wait on him first.
I was itching for him to finish his talk.
I asked him to open the window.
I met him halfway and lent him $100.
Try sounding him out and see if he'll come around.
I urge you to tell him the truth.
His wife's misunderstanding about him did not go away.
My attitude towards him changed.
Tell him to wait.
Let me put him on.
I undertook responsibility for him.
Just a minute, please. I'll call him to the phone.
I handed a map to him.
Try to keep up with him.
You should apologize to him for coming late.
I told him not to be late.
I cautioned him against being late.
Giving advice to him is like talking to a brick wall.
There is no point in giving him advice.
I will write him a civil answer.
I wrote a long letter to him.
I hope he will live long.
It took me at least half an hour to get the message across to him in English.
I had difficulty in making him understand the message in English.
I called him up.
Did you telephone him?
Why don't you call him up?
I tried to call him, but the line was busy, and I couldn't get through.
I'll give him a buzz.
Please call him up.
I forget to telephone him.
I should have known better than to call him.
I called him up, but he wasn't there.
I was going to call him, but thought better of it.
Please ask him to call me.
I tried to call him up, but the line was busy.
Let him use the telephone.
I couldn't get him on the phone.
I hope he hasn't had an accident.
Don't tell him the answer.
I don't want to bow down to him.
I felt sympathy for him.
I read the letter to him.
Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
There is no point in trying to introduce Japanese literature to him.
If you leave it to him, it'll be all right.
Let's leave it up to him.
It was gambling that brought about his ruin.
Make him feel that he is still someone important.
You may as well tell him nothing about her.
Lend him as much money as he needs.
What he needs is not money but love.
Don't give him more money than is necessary.
Nothing comes amiss to him.
The judgement went against him.
It's no easy task to keep up with him.
He has none of his father's aggressiveness.
I want to get even with him for the insult.
It is no use getting angry at him.
I had a good dinner at his expense.
It is just that we should pay his share.
I keep telling him to listen, but he won't.
She said good-bye to him and left the house.
I took leave of him.
Grab him.
It is careless of you tell him the truth.
I would rather you hadn't told him the truth.
I'm crazy about him!
Give him the benefit of the doubt.
The task assigned to him was to do marketing research.
I have business with him.
I will have him come.
Have him come.
I'll ask him if he will come.
I had no choice but to do what he asked.
If you ask him, he will help you.
He accommodated me when I asked him for change.
She turned her head away lest he see her tears.
There's no way to get in touch with him.
Judging from what he says, he seems to be a man of ability.
It is useless to talk to him.
Few girls can even speak to him.
You may as well talk to a stone wall as to him.
It is no use talking with him.
You may speak to him.
It would be better for you to speak to him.
It would be nice to tell her.
I didn't need to tell him.
What is the theme of his latest novel?
You can rely on his proven ability.
His anger is understandable.
It's difficult to evaluate his ability.
His two sons wanted their father's house.
One of his two daughters lives in Tokyo, and the other in Nara.
His idea is superior to yours.
His idea is beyond the reach of my understanding.
His idea counts for nothing.
Judging from his accent, he is from Kansai.
You can see from his chin that takes after his father.
I hit him on the chin.
That nickname fits him perfectly.
I've had quite enough of his impudence.
His advice inclined me to change my mind.
His advice encouraged me to try it again.
None of his advice was very useful.
Did that uncle of his often visit America?
I can't stand that attitude of his.
That story of his sounds very unlikely.
All his endeavors proved unsuccessful.
His alibi is above suspicion.
His alibi seemed cast-iron.
His poor dog is still alive.
Try to bring out the best in him.
According to him, she is honest.
What he said bears out my assumption.
I can hardly hear him.
What he said was brief and to the point.
What he says is brief and to the point.
I can't make him out.
Mr. Suzuki is angry about Tom's prank.
His shot didn't carry well against the wind.
He lived and died in obscurity.
What he said is capable of several interpretations.
What he said is a good idea.
What he said is still dark.
Is there any evidence that supports his position?
What he says has nothing to do with this problem.
What he's saying just isn't consistent.
Don't speak ill of him in his absence.
His cordiality may not be authentic.
His family is very large.
His nagging distressed her.
Did you hear of him?
If it had not been for his error, we would have won.
What size of collar does he take?
His nephew was absorbed in the splendid fireworks.
His motorcycle is the latest model.
His overcoat is worn out.
He blew the deal.
Thanks to him, I could get a job.
He stuck me with debts of 1,000,000 yen.
His grandfather died of cancer a year ago.
His grandfather went off the deep end about five years ago.
His grandfather is what is called a self-made man.
How old might his grandfather be?
His uncle will undertake the responsibility for him.
His uncle went to Europe on business a week ago and he is now either in London or in Paris.
His uncle died five years ago.
His grandmother looks healthy.
His aunt takes care of his dog during the day.
His aunt looks young.
The ice gave way under his weight.
His money was all gone.
His brother passed away last month.
His brother is a famous soccer player.
No one will be caught by his flattery.
His father died after his return home.
His father doesn't play golf.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
I hear that his father is abroad.
It is said that his father is in hospital now.
His father calls him Tom.
His mother is constantly complaining about it.
His mother used to be a singer.
His mother is an English teacher.
His mother looks young for her age.
His mother will not consent to his going there alone.
His bag was badly damaged.
His camera is three times as expensive as mine.
Let me go in place of him.
His affectations are annoying.
His absence yesterday was due to his cold.
Our conversation was interrupted by his sneezes.
There is no end to his complaining.
He studied as hard as anybody in his class.
At times I can't understand him.
I know nothing about him.
I don't know any more about him. I know him, but only to say hello to.
She may well be angry at his remark.
The magic of his words attracted the audience.
It's hardly worthwhile worrying about him.
I do not know anything about him.
I can answer for his honesty, since I have known him for a long time.
Do not take any notice of him.
I just know his name, that's all.
I thought he was an American but he turned out to be an Englishman.
I could not help feeling sorry for him.
It gradually dawned on me that I had misunderstood him.
To do him justice, he is honest.
To do him justice, he is a man of common sense.
You say he is a workaholic, but you know there are some people who feel happiest when they're working.
Don't laugh at him.
I cannot help laughing at him.
The more you know about him, the more you like him.
I cannot but feel sorry for him.
Tell me about him.
He has had a clean record for the past ten years.
This invention of his proved to be of great value.
This book of his isn't interesting at all.
At his concerts, she screams for him from a distance.
His concert attracted many people.
His concert was unreal.
It is worthwhile listening to his concert.
What he did was against humanity.
What he did is not wrong.
His shirt was stained with sauce.
He spoke too fast for the student.
Some people laugh at his jokes, but others don't.
His joke killed me.
Everybody could not help laughing at his joke.
His jokes are always flat.
I could not help laughing at his jokes.
I couldn't help laughing at his joke.
Every effort will be made to obtain tickets to his showing.
His shirt was gray and the tie was yellow.
He is far above me in skiing.
His skill at skiing is the admiration of us.
We fully appreciate his excellence as a skier.
His great symphony was performed.
He's really something to see every time he gets up on stage.
His excellent work stands out.
I was disappointed with his speech.
Tell me the substance of his speech.
The content of his speech was very good.
His speech went on and on.
His speech bored me.
His speech appealed to us.
His speech was short and to the point.
His speech moved them to tears.
The content of his speech was interesting.
He was purged of all suspicion.
The seat of his pants is shiny.
His slacks are all wrinkled.
His extravagance is out of proportion to his wage.
Don't let what he said get to you. He was just getting back at you for what you said.
Such conduct on his part gave rise to her parents' suspicion.
He said the words in a very small voice.
His courage is worthy of high praise.
That paper of his deal with environmental problems.
Do you know the way that he does it?
His brief repose was interrupted by her arrival.
His overall was covered with paint-stains.
He has atrocious table manners.
His designs are highly original.
I have been in his employ for just twenty years.
Each time I went to see him, I found him at work.
You had better make sure that he is at home, before you call on him.
He had everyone howling with his stories of all his past bloopers.
I made a dive for his knife.
His accent suggests he is a foreigner.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Kyushu.
His tie came undone.
His tie corresponds well with his suit.
I began to see what he was getting at.
The insurance on his violin costs $200 a year.
His bike ran into a guard-rail.
The food is very good in the dormitory where he lives.
His foolish proposal was approved unanimously.
His object in traveling to Paris was to meet with the President.
He has a bad style.
He is making good progress in playing the piano.
His piano playing sounded fantastic.
His business plan looks good on paper but I get the feeling it would never work in practice.
I was annoyed with him for being so late.
I slept through his dull speech.
We all laughed at his pink tuxedo.
His immoral actions did not go unnoticed.
The girl looked embarrassed at his rude question.
His pride was slightly touched.
His knowledge of French is poor.
It is evident from his behavior that he lies.
His behavior is always honorable.
His behavior was anything but polite.
His behavior won general applause.
His behavior really got on my nerves.
I felt disgust at his behavior.
I'm looking forward to his present.
His project was funded by grants.
He is taller than his brother.
He can do it far better than I can.
There was no objection on his part.
There was no mistake on his part.
The odds are in his favor.
His bark is worse than his bite.
The scar on his cheek hardly shows now.
The spectators were excited by his home run.
His handling of the ball borders on wizardry.
All of us went besides him.
Everyone but him comes from Kyushu.
I have no money in my pocket.
Her cheeks began to glow at his compliments.
His diligence turned out a disadvantage after all.
They attributed his bad manners to lack of training in childhood.
I was embarrassed by his bad manners.
His manners were far from pleasant.
His stupid answer surprised everybody.
He's well respected for his management skills.
His error brought the project to nothing.
May his soul rest in Heaven.
Can you establish his innocence?
His son has a gift for music.
There is no doubt that his sons are good boys.
His e-mail address is hirosey@genet.co.jp.
No woman could measure up to his standard.
He did a real snow job on my daughter.
He bored me with his endless tales.
There must be some reason for what he has done.
It was entirely by chance that I found out what he was doing.
His way of doing things was much disliked.
His infectious humor stimulated applause.
He has a very good sense of humor.
This is a historical examination of the birth of his unique architectural style.
I was most impressed by his good behavior.
I don't go for men of his type.
Such an alert man as he couldn't have failed to adapt himself to the new situation.
Such a diligent man as he is sure to succeed.
We shall not see his like again.
It will take you a whole lifetime to understand a crank like him.
It is no wonder that a man of his ability is successful.
His lighter has done ten years' service.
His report has just been handed in.
I'm annoyed at his selfishness.
His selfishness was such that nobody liked him.
Nothing vexed her more than his selfishness.
His wagon drew up at the entrance to the market.
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.
It was difficult to live on his meager earnings.
Nothing replaced his love.
His love grew cold.
His affection is cooling.
His poor grades may come from lack of study.
I will cure him of the bad habit.
There is no sense in speaking ill of him.
Don't call him names.
But for his steady support, my venture would have resulted in a failure.
I'm anxious about his safety.
His idea is too abstract to be of practical use to us.
His plan seems very good from my point of view.
His request was equivalent to an order.
His great learning has at last been recognized.
His great ability was fully appreciated by his friends.
It should be added that his remarks had no direct influence on the constituency.
I do not suspect that his opinion is any different from ours.
His ideas carry a lot of weight.
His opinions carry weight.
His opinion is free from prejudice.
I am in accord with his view.
Some object to his opinion.
His opinion was unimportant.
His opinion is right to some extent.
His opinion is always of no use.
His opinion is for the birds.
His opinion adds a new light to the question.
His view is quite logical.
His opinions are in accord with ours.
His opinion is quite different from ours.
His opinion was completely beside the point.
His remarks added up to a condemnation of my plan.
He is humble about his opinion.
His opinion is different from mine.
His views are in accord with mine.
His opinion comes into conflict with mine.
His opinion is in conflict with mine.
His opinion was not accepted.
His opinion doesn't count.
His opinion is quite just.
His opinion will probably be accepted.
His opinion is generally correct.
I think his opinion is of great importance.
I thought his remarks very apropos.
His opinion does not arouse any echo in his colleagues.
His opinion is reasonable.
His ideas sound crazy.
He differs in opinion from her.
His opinions are variable.
His opinion inclines towards the conservative.
His remark was really out of line.
It would not be amiss to ask his views.
I want you to meet him in order to hear his opinion.
Don't go against his wishes.
We should confirm his intentions once more.
He won the day by virtue of his strength of will.
His will was transmitted to his younger brother.
His nasty comments fueled the argument.
His clothes are worn out.
His ashes are buried here.
He leaves a widow and a daughter.
His doctor told him not to drink alcohol.
His doctor advised him to give up smoking.
His family moved into a new house in the suburbs.
His only son succeeded to all his wealth.
All his hopes evaporated when he lost his only son in the war.
His life was full of ups and downs.
His life was full of variety.
His chief attraction lies in his character, not his books.
His drinking habit is an old one.
His right leg was asleep.
His lie complicated matters.
I know of him, but I don't know him personally.
Have you ever heard of him?
His driving was against traffic rules.
He is a very careful driver.
His doom is sealed.
His luck has changed, he is going to the dogs, but no one even lifts a finger to help him.
His influence is still potent.
What I don't like about his films is that they're not grounded in reality.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his English.
His score on the English test is quite satisfactory.
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.
His knowledge of English is poor.
His ability in English is above average.
His English has a murky, muddled sound to it, don't you think?
His English is coming along pretty well.
His English is quite good.
He has recently made remarkable progress in English.
His English leaves nothing to be desired.
He made remarkable progress in English.
His command of English is on a par with mine.
He has made remarkable progress in English.
His English composition has nine mistake in as many lines.
His English composition has few, if any, mistakes.
Errors are few, if any, in his English composition.
His sharp eyes never missed a mistake.
With his father's help, he would have succeeded in this task sooner.
Had it not been for his aid, I could not have finished the work.
I hope you'll get his support.
His support carried my father through.
I can do without his help.
Thanks to his help, my work is going well now.
His help is indispensable to us.
You cannot rely on his help.
His help has been invaluable.
Don't count on his assistance.
Don't rely on his help.
Don't count on his help.
His performance was fair game for criticism.
His acting left nothing to be desired.
His performance fell short of expectations.
His acting is far from being perfect.
There was a touch of irony in his speech.
His speech contained many fine phrases.
His speech contained very little matter.
A summary of his speech was printed in the newspaper.
His speech was very poor.
His speech continued for three hours.
His speech was too short.
His speech is very eloquent.
His speech was not altogether bad.
His speech captured our attention.
His address is a concise speech.
His speech was brief and to the point.
His speech was lacking in soul.
His speeches were welcomed by large audiences all over the country.
I could understand the first few sentences, but the rest of his speech was all Greek to me.
His speech made a good impression on me.
His speech impressed us very much.
His speech had an effect on our emotions.
Your speech was splendid.
His speech was an effective apology for the Government's policies.
His speech met with enthusiastic applause.
His speech was intolerably dull.
His speech was very impressive. You should have been there.
His speech is too abstract to understand.
His speech went down well with the audience.
His speech held the attention of the audience.
His speech didn't reflect the sense of the party.
His speech is worth listening to.
You must record his speech.
A strange incident happened during his speech.
I don't think that his performance was any good.
His performance was worthy of praise.
His performance left nothing to be desired.
His performance was amazing.
His cigarette burned a hole in her dress.
His pencil has a sharp point.
His nephew was brought up to be modest and considerate.
His wife whom I met at the station, is very attractive.
What is his wife like?
His wife is quite a talented woman.
His wife is French.
His wife seems to be foreign.
His wife goes with him wherever he goes.
I get scared just walking past him.
His arrogance is no longer tolerable.
His friends were uncomfortable with his high-handed attitude.
His tyrannies were beyond endurance.
His music is sweeping the whole country.
His music and words appeal to young people.
His taste in music is superb.
His musical ability was fostered in Vienna.
His music is too noisy.
His music has attained great popularity overseas.
His music appeals to young people.
His music was not popular at home.
Music is his abiding passion.
I would rather starve than work under him.
I would rather quit than work under him.
I wasn't content to work under him.
His poor song was laughed at by all the students.
I tried in vain to catch him out.
His lecture on chemistry was nothing but torture.
I found that his house was on fire.
His house was broken into by burglars last week.
His house was on fire.
His house is somewhere about here.
He lives within earshot of my house.
Let's call at his house.
There's been a death in his family.
His house was struck by lightning.
There are no hospitals in the vicinity of his house.
A pine stands in front of his house.
His family has 800 dollars coming in every month.
There is a large garden at the back of his house.
His house was sold for $10,000.
He lives two doors off.
His house is somewhere about Fourth Street.
His house is full of convenience.
His house is not far from here.
His house is on the opposite side of the street.
His house isn't far from this store.
His house is on the bank of the river.
His house stands by a lot of tall buildings.
His house is just over the road.
His house is just across from the post office.
His house is within a short walk of the station.
How many stories does his house have?
His house is within a stone's throw of his school.
His house was built of logs.
His house is at the foot of the hill.
His house is beyond the hill.
His house stands on the hill.
His house stands on the hill-side and commands a splendid view.
His house is on the other side of the bridge.
His house is easy to find.
His house is a tumbledown affair.
His house is on the skirts of the city.
His house confronts mine.
His house seems small beside mine.
His house is three times larger than mine.
His house was small and old.
His house stands by the river.
His house is on the south side of the river.
His house was burnt down.
He belongs to a large family.
His house is across the street.
His house is for sale.
His family was poor, and poor people did not often hear music.
His house is at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
His house was out of the way.
Will you kindly show me the way to his house?
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.
Will you tell me the way to his house?
I failed in finding his house.
I had a hard time finding his house.
We had some difficulty finding his house.
I had some trouble in finding his house.
There's no way to find his house.
His house argues him to be poor.
Looking for his house, I walked about for over an hour.
When I called at his house, he was absent.
His family dates back to the seventeenth century.
There was a new addition to his family.
His family lacks for nothing.
His family members are all tall.
It's all right on the part of his family.
His family emigrated from their mother country to Brazil forty years ago.
His family are early risers.
His family is rather badly off.
All of his family work on a farm.
His family are all very well.
His family had been wheat farmers.
His family is large.
His is a large family.
His family works in the fields.
His family adored him; in a sense he was spoiled by them.
His family has to live on his small income.
His family will be told of his death.
His scientific discovery unlocked many mysteries.
I really liked his style of singing.
His songs were very popular with young people.
Have you ever heard him sing?
The weapons were concealed in the bottom of his baggage.
I don't know anything as to his past.
His past successes count for nothing.
I pardoned his fault.
His patience reached its limit.
His company is dangling by a thread. That's the rumor I hear.
Foreign workers make up 30% of his company.
Machines that his company produces are superior to ours.
He is losing ground in his company.
I couldn't get hold of him at his office.
His office is very close to mine.
His company is extending its business.
His company makes profits from car exports.
His company was singled out as the most successful small business in the region.
His company went bankrupt, and to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
His company is one of the best managed companies in Japan.
His company is under his control.
His solution was only a temporary one.
Few people understood his comment.
Everything about him was grey.
His answer is not altogether satisfactory to us.
His answer was far from satisfactory.
There is not a little hope of his recovery.
What are the prospects for his recovery?
His recovery was nothing short of a miracle.
His picture got accepted.
His pictures were hung on the wall.
His paintings so impressed me that I was interested in him.
His pictures are very famous.
His paintings seem strange to me.
His pictures leave nothing to be desired.
His picture was accepted for the Nika Exhibition.
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.
His appearance deceived me.
His appearance has changed so much that you may well not recognize him.
He looks wealthy, but actually he's not.
He estimates that the new house will cost roughly thirty million yen.
He has a good school record.
His school stands on a high hill.
When his theory was first put forward, nobody bought it.
His academic achievements are impressive.
Sweat was pouring from his brow.
There were beads of sweat on his forehead.
Beads of sweat stood on his forehead.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
The scar on his forehead is conspicuous.
Sweat bathed his forehead.
His bag was heavy, and what was worse, one of his heels had got blistered.
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.
His bag was filled with water.
We were afraid that we might hurt him.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
Have respect for his feelings.
Don't fall for his sugar-coated words.
His audience is falling off these days.
He is accurate in his observation.
His eyes redeem his face from sternness.
His eyes betrayed his fear.
You should reckon with his obstinate character.
All the color drained away from his face.
From the look on his face, he is in a bad mood now.
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
His face and attitude showed the scorn he felt.
I gathered from his looks he was angry with me.
His face registered fear and anxiety.
Anger showed on his face.
The sweat stood on his face.
A rash appeared on his face.
His face brightened.
I remember his face but I can't call his name to mind.
His face lighted up with joy.
His face was alight with joy.
His face was twisted with pain.
His face radiated enthusiasm.
His face turned white.
His face is known to many people.
His face was covered with mud.
His face turned red with anger.
His face was ablaze with anger.
His face was shadowed from the light.
I slapped him in the face.
One glance at his face told me that he was reluctant to work.
His face reminded me of one of my friends in my senior high school days.
His face showed that he was annoyed.
His wish was realized at last.
His wish is to go to America.
His desire is to go into business.
His attempt ended in failure.
His attempt proved to be a failure.
His plan is difficult and expensive; it is completely out of the question.
His hopes were shattered.
He is more or less drunk.
There was so much stuff on his desk that he had nowhere to write.
He is rarely in a good mood.
I was completely bewildered by his sudden change of mood.
I found it difficult to please him.
I wonder why he is late.
I calculate he will be late coming home.
I can't understand his feeling.
I think I hurt his feelings.
We tried in vain to make him change his mind.
He must be worked upon so that his feeling may be made to change.
His affected manner of speaking seemed very absurd to me.
He has an uncontrollable temper.
His moods often change.
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.
His memory amazes me.
His memory has been decaying because of age.
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.
His competition record was the worst among the five.
His record will never be broken.
I admire his aristocratic manners.
His technique was unique and absolutely amazing.
His skills qualified him for the job.
His argument was most convincing.
I find no logic in his argument.
His argument was far from rational.
His argument is inconsistent with our policy.
His argument is rational.
His argument was based on facts.
Though his argument was convincing, we did not side with him.
His argument was aside from the point.
His customers dropped off.
His villa on the hill commands the sea.
His sudden illness deterred us from traveling.
His classmates laughed at him at once.
His salary can't keep pace with inflation.
He won't get fat on his salary.
His salary was increased by ten percent.
His salary is double what it was seven years ago.
He is well paid.
His salary is too low to support his family.
His salary is 250 thousand yen per month.
I wish I knew where he was!
I was dwarfed by his gigantic frame.
I doubt the veracity of his statement.
His statement corresponded to what actually took place.
His lack of cooperation defeated our plan.
In answer to her shouts, people ran to help her.
None of his students could solve the problem.
Neither of his students passed the exam.
He is mistaken in his ideas about education.
I think his method of teaching cuts both ways.
His heart bounded with expectation.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
His excitement is easily accountable.
Such was his surprise that he could not say a word for some time.
His work merits the highest praise.
Who does he work for?
He turned to a tall woman nearby.
The mud clung to his shoes.
His shoes were so old that his toes were sticking out of them.
His shoes are wearing thin.
His shoes are brown.
There is a hole in his sock.
His brother goes to school by bus.
His brother came home soon after.
His brother is more patient than he is.
His brother is still taller.
His brother has nothing but computers on his mind.
His brother dedicated his life to the activity.
His brother is a very capable doctor.
His brother was nasty to me.
His older brother is two years older than I.
His brother works for a trading company.
I don't know either of his brothers.
I know neither of his brothers.
Both his brothers are teachers.
His contract runs for one more year.
His mobile phone produced radio emissions that interfered with other phones.
Some board members questioned his ability to run the corporation.
His experience qualifies him to do the job.
You must make allowance for his inexperience.
Admitting his lack of experience, I still think that he ought to do better.
His background parallels that of his predecessor.
I referred to the company for his work record.
His plan was put into action.
His plan will call for a lot of money.
His plan has both virtues and liabilities.
I agree with his plan.
There is no choice but to agree to his plan.
His plan is to build a bridge over that river.
His plan was to start on Monday.
His plans were regarded with some disfavor.
He will get nowhere with his plans.
Nothing will come of his plans.
His plan leaves much to be desired.
His plan is still in the air.
I see a great danger in his plan.
His scheme went wrong in the end.
His undertaking failed for lack of funds.
His project ended in failure.
His plan struck them as impractical.
His plan sounds impracticable.
His plan was discarded.
His plan ought not to be abandoned.
His plan seemed to be too difficult, but before long it proved to be feasible.
I am quite ignorant of his plan.
No attention was paid to his warning.
His talent is green.
His masterpiece has not appeared yet.
His being absent complicates matters.
He excused his absence.
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.
For all his faults, Sam is still a very likable person.
People liked him all the better for his faults.
He was quite decided in his determination.
Because of his determination, he was able to tide over the crisis.
She looked on his decision as a grave mistake.
These dirty clothes could be a new piece of evidence to prove his innocence.
I was disillusioned at his married life.
His conclusion is based on these facts.
His solution turned out to be a complete mistake.
He cannot support his family on his monthly income.
His monthly income amounts to half a million yen.
I am anxious about his health.
I am concerned about his health.
His health has begun to decline now.
He is improving in health.
His health is changing for the better.
His health is improving little by little.
He is in a poor state of health.
His hard work bore fruit.
His persistent efforts resulted in failure.
His greed for power knows no bounds.
His dog appeared from behind the door.
He painted a picture of a dog.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
His dog barks at me.
Her dog has poor hearing.
His dog was running in the yard.
His dog was named Popeye by him.
His dog is his good companion.
The methodology used in his study is also helpful to us in conducting our research.
His study is based on what is called fact.
His research ranks with the best of the kind.
His research bore fruit in the end.
His study covers a wide area.
His studies cover a wide field.
Preserved in his laboratory were more than a thousand notebooks.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
Don't always take sides with him.
His views were too conservative for people to accept.
His modesty is worth respecting.
He is remarkable for his wisdom.
His present assistant is Miss Nokami.
His impractical proposal astonished us all.
There was nothing for it but to obey him.
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.
I don't quite understand what he says.
Did you make out what he said?
Everything he says rubs me the wrong way.
I tried to get down every word he said.
I find his every word truly offensive.
You don't have to pay attention to what he says.
You can not believe a word he says.
There is no doubt whatever about what he says.
There is no possibility that what he says may have any truth in it.
I don't quite believe what he says.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
There is a leap of logic in what he says.
I inclined my ear to him.
I concentrated on what he was saying.
You should pay attention to what he says.
I don't think he is truthful.
He is not altogether wrong.
What he says is true in a sense.
Everything he says upsets me.
I doubt the truth of his statement.
I could hardly believe him.
I can make nothing of what he says.
What he says does not make any sense.
Not a word he says is worthy to be heard.
Whatever he says is right.
His remark seems to be off the point.
What he says is of no importance to me.
His words convey nothing at all to me.
What he says is gospel.
He is quite right.
I cannot make anything of what he says.
You must not rely on his word.
Admitting what he says, I still cannot agree with him.
What he says is true.
I cannot help believing what he says.
How foolish I am to believe him!
It's silly of you to believe him.
No one is so foolish as to believe what he says.
There are good grounds for believing what he says.
You can not depend on his word any more than on the wind.
Pay attention to what he says.
I think that he is right.
Do as he tells you.
I've never heard the kind of stories he tells.
Do it like he tells you.
His statement is void of sincerity.
Please write down his words.
Do you believe him?
You cannot believe a word he says.
I should have known better than to believe him.
His meaning is quite plain.
I didn't understand in the least what he said.
I took no count of what he said.
There wasn't much in what he said.
For the most part, I agree with what he said.
I did not understand him at all.
What he said applies, to a certain extent, to this case.
What he said is true in a sense.
What he said is, in a way, true.
What he said is irrelevant to the matter.
I didn't quite make out what he said.
What he said can scarcely be true.
What he said is of no importance.
What he said was nothing less than a threat.
What he said has brought about a misunderstanding.
What he said doesn't make sense to me.
What he said was far from true.
All what he said was right.
All he said was true.
Mainly, what he said is right.
What he said was beside the point.
I couldn't catch what he said.
What he said proved true.
What he said was not true.
What he said boils down to this.
Bear in mind what he said.
What he said is by no means true.
His statement really cut me.
Take no account of what he said, he was only joking.
His words have come true.
What he had said turned out to be a lie.
I am in agreement with most of what he says.
What he says is true to some extent.
He makes sense.
What he is saying does not make sense.
I found it difficult to understand what he was saying.
Could you make out what he was saying?
It is not wise to go by his word.
It is foolish to take his word seriously.
His words and actions do not accord well together.
His behavior makes me sick.
His words and deeds do not match.
His actions always contradicted his word.
Judging from what he said to me, his mind seems to be made up.
His remarks came home to me.
His words created an awkward situation.
His remark got on my nerves.
His words came to mind.
His words hurt her feelings.
What he said cast a chill on the gathering.
His words moved her to tears.
His words delivered her from her anxiety.
His words carry little conviction.
There was a bite in his remark.
There seems to be some dark meaning in his words.
He is sincere about what he says.
There is not a scrap of truth in his words.
His words offended me.
His words surprised me.
Don't be angry at his words.
Don't be taken in by his words.
He was an Australian, as I knew by his accent.
His words rendered me speechless.
His words gave rise to doubts concerning his true intentions.
His language is not fit to be repeated.
His remark hit home.
His words went to my heart.
His words wounded Meg.
What do his words imply?
His words gave rise to doubts.
His words are severe, but on the other hand he is kind.
His remark made my recollect my schooldays.
His words had a great effect on my life.
His words aroused my competitive spirit.
His words embarrassed me.
His remark does not do me justice.
His word can be summarized as follows.
His words were as follows:
His words gave her hope for the future.
His words struck terror into her.
His words sound reasonable.
Don't take his remarks too literally.
I don't know how to interpret his words.
Don't believe what he says.
His words carried me back to my childhood.
His words made me feel uneasy about my future.
At his words her color paled.
His old clunker isn't worth anything.
His old car is on its last legs.
His breathing became faint.
His home country is Germany.
I am at the rear of him.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
I spoke after him.
All of his later paintings were considered masterpiece.
The matter of his successor is still under debate.
His tone became more and more fervent.
His mistake was intentional.
Don't laugh at his mistake.
A few people clapped after his lecture.
His official title is Director-General of the Environment Agency.
His accomplishments should be written in large letters.
His services were appreciated.
I judged from what he said that he did not agree with me.
His tone was very annoyed.
His accent sounds a little quaint.
His tone was one of sorrow.
It is jelly that he likes.
You'd better leave him to do as he likes.
Let him do as he likes.
Why not let him pursue his studies as he likes?
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he likes the Lions as well.
His conduct is open to criticism.
His curiosity knew no bounds.
We were really moved by his lecture.
He was confident of his antibodies.
His striped suit and checked tie didn't match.
It is sad that his ideas do not go with the time.
I don't understand the way that he thinks.
In his opinion, the time will come soon when people will suffer from a water shortage.
His idea is very different from mine.
His ideas are always very practical.
His ideas are always practical.
His notions were what is called advanced.
His view seems to be too optimistic.
His way of thinking is very childish.
His idea is good for nothing.
He is radical in thoughts.
His idea got a boost at the meeting.
His thoughts are extremely academic.
His notion was neither concrete nor abstract.
His belief is rooted in experience.
His idea is practical.
His idea is for us to go in two different cars.
His idea is far from satisfactory to us.
His idea is identical with mine.
His ideas are too extreme for me.
His ideas are quite different from mine.
His ideas do not fit in with mine.
His views chimed in with mine.
His ideas were in advance of his times.
His way of thinking is a bit extreme.
His ideas are up to date.
His idea doesn't make any sense at all.
His ideas accord with theirs.
What he thought was bound up with Buddhism.
His way of thinking is very similar to mine.
His ideas are difficult to understand.
I couldn't take in his idea.
What do you think of his idea?
I tried to sound out his views.
It isn't easy to make out his ideas.
Humor is absent in his way of thinking.
His way of thinking is sound.
His ideas were far in advance of the age in which he lived.
His deeds do not accord with his words.
His conduct deserves to be praised.
You must take his age into account when you judge his performance.
His reason for not going is still unclear.
The value of his discovery was not realized until after his death.
No blame attaches to his conduct.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with his deed.
I don't think there is any excuse for his behavior. At the same time, we should listen to what he has to say.
I can't guess the reason for his conduct.
I can't explain the reason for his conduct.
It is impossible to speak too severely of his conduct.
His conduct was nothing short of madness.
He was actuated by community spirit.
His actions run counter to his words.
His action throughout was correct.
His deed is worthy of praise.
His act was animated by noble ideals.
His act was nothing short of superhuman.
His conduct disappointed many of his friends.
His action is against the law.
Can you stand his deeds?
His manners were not those of a gentleman.
Model your manners on his.
His behavior aroused my suspicions.
You are accountable to me for his actions.
To what extent can you answer for his deed?
His behavior never ceases to surprise me.
I can hardly stand his behavior.
His conduct is above suspicion.
His conduct admits of no excuse.
His behavior puzzled me.
The result of his action still remains to be seen.
His behavior is nothing like his father.
His behavior was appropriate to the occasion.
His behavior is alien to the public.
His action frightened us.
His behavior conflicts with what he says.
His behavior did not correspond with his words.
His actions do not always correspond to his words.
His behavior is my primary concern.
His behavior is sometimes strange.
His action was animated by jealousy.
His behavior is contrary to his belief.
His behavior allows of no criticism.
His action sprang from prejudice.
His actions are typical of those of his friends.
Almost all approve of his actions.
His lecture has brought this fact to our notice.
During his speech she was all ears.
It was very difficult to understand the subject of his lecture.
The audience enjoyed his lecture as it was rich in humor.
His speech deeply affected the audience.
His speech charmed the audience.
His lecture had a large audience.
All the students are fed up with his lecture.
His lecture was very instructive as usual.
His lecture left a deep impression on the mind of those present there.
His lecture disappointed us.
His lecture made a deep impression on us.
His lecture is far more difficult than Mr Tanaka's.
His lecture ended with his witty joke.
His pride stood in the way of success.
What is his nationality?
His black coat blended into the darkness.
Thanks to his initiative this association has been formed.
I have a hard time seeing the logic of this latest decision of his. He just isn't as sharp as he used to be.
How do you find his new novel?
I found his new novel very dull. I don't think he is much of a writer.
It is said that his new novel is based on his own experiences.
His new novel is based on his own experiences.
You have made him what he is.
Hard work has made him what he is.
His score on the test today is twice what he got yesterday.
The trouble with him is that he is seldom punctual.
Peace to his ashes!
His soul was in heaven.
On his left sat his mother.
A wisp of hair fell over his left eye.
His motto is "Plain living and high thinking."
His latest novel is well worth reading.
His latest novel marks a great advance on his previous ones.
His latest work is an advance on his previous one.
His last word let everybody down.
His last recourse will be to go to his father for help.
His latest works are on display at the square.
His latest works are on display at the city hall. They are fabulous beyond description.
His latest works are on temporary display.
I found his latest novel interesting.
His latest work belongs to a different category.
His latest work proved to be a great success.
His greatest fault is talking too much.
His wife accompanied him on the piano.
His children as well as his wife were invited to the party.
His wife was nowhere in evidence.
His wife knows how to manage him when he gets angry.
His wife bore him two daughters and a son.
His wife comes from California.
His wife was weighed down with various worries.
His wife was killed in the accident.
His wife liked inviting guests.
His wife now had to take care of his grandfather, not to mention their two children.
His wife is worn out after looking after the children.
His wife doesn't seem ugly to me.
His wife is one of my friends.
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
His wife gave birth to twin boys.
His wife died leaving behind their two beloved children.
His wife nags him constantly.
His wife begged him not to run any risk.
His wife opened the door for him.
His wife screened him from reporters.
His wife has started to work out of necessity.
Both his wife and he like it.
I admire your talent.
For all his genius, he is as unknown as ever.
I feel admiration for his talent.
His skill qualifies him for the job.
His abilities were very great and various.
The truth finally came out at his trial.
His crime deserved the death penalty.
His sin will find him out.
You may as well forgive his sins.
You may as well overlook his sins and forgive him.
His estate came to me as a free gift.
I love him for what he is, not what he has.
His property was estimated at one hundred million dollars.
His finances have changed for the better.
His finances have changed for the worse.
This is the best among his works.
His work is a synthesis of several ideas.
His work is beyond comparison.
His works will endure for centuries.
His work hasn't come up to my expectations.
His works will stand the test of time.
His work is not up to standard.
His work is beyond all praise.
In judging his work, we must take account of his lack of experience.
My acquaintance with his works is slight.
Let's compare his work with hers.
There are few mistakes, if any, in his composition.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his composition.
His composition is free from mistakes.
His composition was free from mistakes.
His composition is not perfectly free of mistakes.
His composition has not a few mistakes.
His composition leaves nothing to be desired.
His composition is by far the best of all.
The proposal he made yesterday is now under consideration.
What he said yesterday was not in accord with what he said last week.
I saw through his little game.
What's his motive for committing murder?
He is accurate in his work.
His work showed want of care.
There is no future in his job.
The bulk of his work is in the urban area.
His business affairs are in good shape.
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.
His work was acceptable, but far from excellent.
His tasks range from digging wells to getting rid of garbage.
His job has to do with printing.
His job is to teach English.
His job is to negotiate with foreign buyers.
His work is now complete.
His work is in engineering.
His ability has been overlooked by his boss.
His work is making watches.
His work shows nothing to brag about.
In his business he cannot do without a car.
His work is washing cars.
He is doing well.
His work leaves nothing to be desired.
His work was satisfactory.
His work has come up to the standard.
His job is to promote sales.
His work is below average.
His work is concerned with international trade.
His work won't bear close examination.
His job is to manage credit authorization.
In judging his work, you should make allowances for his lack of experience.
His dirty words can't bear repeating.
His sister is a real beauty.
His sister makes too much of fashion.
His sister became a doctor.
His elder sister is older than my eldest brother.
His sister looks young.
Both his sisters are beautiful.
Immediately I saw him, I trembled with fear.
Each of his children has his own room.
His children have grown up.
His childlike laugh is charming.
It's a crime the way he treats his children.
His child's life is in danger.
His child behaves well.
All his children want presents on their birthdays.
His ideas never fetched him a nickel.
What he can't manage at will is language.
His ideas are too radical to be acceptable to most people.
His idea was imprinted on my mind.
His ideas were out of harmony with the times.
His thought is progressive.
His ideas were too far advanced to be accepted by ordinary people.
His ideas are based on his experience.
He was amazed at his foolishness.
Pain shot through his finger.
His fingers ran swiftly over the keys.
He was explicit in his instruction.
His suggestions are always very much to the point.
The business prospered beneath his guiding hand.
I cannot manage without his support.
His expenses exceed his income by far.
His death was made known to the public.
His death brought the expedition to an end.
The cause of his death was a car accident.
His death was owing to his reckless driving.
The news of his death reached as a bolt from the blue.
His death was a great loss to our country.
His death was a great loss to our firm.
His death made all feel sorry.
I think his death is a national loss.
His death was great shock to his wife.
His death was a bolt from the blue.
His death surprised us all.
Your assumption that his death was an accident seems to be wrong.
His death was a sublime self-sacrifice.
News of his death wasn't published for several weeks.
His death was broadcast all over the world.
We cannot grieve over his death too deeply.
His death is a great loss.
His death has left a vacuum in their lives.
A rumor is abroad about his death.
It makes me sad to think of his death.
I felt deep sorrow at his death.
I was deeply affected when I heard of his death.
The cause of his death still remains a mystery.
He died of cancer.
After he died, my life was turned upside down.
Ten years have gone by since his death.
An announcement of his death appeared in the newspapers.
His passion for me doesn't cool.
The way he looked at me irritated me very much.
We cannot touch on his private affairs.
His eyesight is failing.
His poem reads as follows.
His poetry does not translate into Japanese.
His poems are difficult to understand.
His success on the examination is due to his efforts.
We must take his illness into consideration before marking his exam.
When do you think his funds will run out?
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.
Forget him.
To do him justice, he is not a selfish man.
I don't like his boasting of his success in business.
His business is growing rapidly.
I hear his business is on the verge of going bankrupt.
I hear his business is on the verge of ruin.
His business was only a partial success.
His business has begun to thrive at last.
He turned over the business to his son.
His office is right up there.
The furniture in his office is very modern.
His office is on the eighth floor.
His office is convenient to the station.
His office is past the bank on your left.
His office is going to be shut down for want of money.
His office is located in the center of the town.
His writing is impossible to read.
Some of the books that he has are English novels.
His untimely statement has not only let the cat out of the bag but also upset the apple cart for the peace move.
But for his timely rescue, I would have drowned.
His next production was a very ambitious musical.
The political situation was, to say the least, extremely unstable during the next ten years of his reign.
His ear trouble made hearing very difficult.
His suicide came as a result of his disappointment in love.
His autobiography was released today and was sold out by noon.
His bicycle is different from this one.
I am sick to death of his boasts.
His resignation left a vacancy in the cabinet.
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.
His failure is not to be ascribed to want of diligence.
The primary cause of his failure is laziness.
The immediate cause of his failure was lack of study.
His failure is, in a manner, our failure too.
His failure is out of the question.
His failure was the last thing that I expected.
His failure taught me a good lesson.
His failure has nothing to do with me.
His failure led to his resignation.
His failure seems to have something to do with his character.
His failure was mainly due to carelessness.
His failure resulted from his carelessness.
His failure is due to his ignorance.
Is his failure ascribable to incompetence or to bad luck?
How do you account for his failure?
His jealousy began to raise its head again.
I was much confused by his questions.
I gave him the best answer in English to his question that I could.
His experiment had many faults in its details.
His experiments came to a standstill.
The result of his experiment corresponded with mine.
His play ended in large success.
His play was a hit.
He compared the copy with the original.
His picture was in the newspaper.
I was vexed at his irresolute attitude.
His car is gaining on us.
His car has no wheels.
His car is in fact worn out.
His car turned over several times before falling into the river.
His car got no more than fourteen miles.
His car remained locked.
His car soon went out of sight.
His car ran into the Iron Gate.
His car shaved the wall of the tunnel.
His car was seriously damaged.
His car is a Ford.
His car broke down on the way to work.
His car fell into the lake.
His car is a new model.
His car is similar to mine.
His car has just been repaired.
His car is small and takes up little room.
His car looks as good as new.
His car was blue; hers was red.
We are disturbing him.
His debts amount to over $1000.
His debt came to 100 dollars.
His debts amounted to a thousand dollars.
His debts amount to two million dollars.
His debt amounted to a considerable sum.
His debts amount to a considerable sum.
His debts amounted to five million yen.
His debts amount to 100,000 yen.
His debts amount to $2,000.
In light of his youth the police have decided not to charge him.
We must consider his youth.
We should take his youth into account.
Stop taking advantage of his weakness.
His weakness cancels out his virtues.
His main interest is in history.
His doctor came with all speed.
His doctors told him that he would see, hear, and taste as before.
It is important to note that his assertion is groundless.
His argument is that women should not smoke or drink.
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.
His claim is really the same as the one Benson proposed in Entrepreneurs.
At best he'll get 1,000 votes.
Place a coin in the palm of his hand.
His hands feel rough.
His hands were covered with mud.
To her disappointment, his letter didn't come.
So passionate was his letter that she was moved to tears.
His letter hurt Jane's vanity.
What does he say in his letter?
His letter enclosed a picture.
His letter says he'll arrive next Sunday.
I have to answer his letter.
Should I reply to his letter?
Remember to answer his letter.
You should have replied to his letter.
You must answer his letter, and that at once.
His letter alludes to the event.
His letter doesn't make any sense.
His letter made her angry.
His letter was so confused that I could hardly make any sense of it at all.
His letter makes me uneasy.
Thanks to his help, I finished my homework.
His help enabled me to finish the work.
His technique was absolutely amazing.
His hobby is collecting stamps.
His hobbies are playing the guitar and singing.
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.
His hobby is painting pictures.
His hobby is collecting old stamps.
His hobby is collecting strange butterflies.
His hobby is going fishing on Sundays.
His resignation as Prime Minister came as a surprise.
His terrible suffering aroused her pity.
His sands are running out.
With his income, he cannot afford the costly dinners.
Finding it hard to make ends meet on his income, she started to work.
He's coy about his income.
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.
His income is three times larger than mine.
His income bears no proportion to his social standing.
His income is too small to support his family.
He has a considerable income.
His income was diminished by half after retirement.
His income is larger than that of his wife.
All the rumors of his bribes, scandals and lovers soon blew over.
A crowd was gathering around him.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
His boat has been at sea for two hours.
His weekly wages are $20.
I checked with him to see if his address was right.
I don't know his address for certain.
Put his address down.
Had I known his address, I would have written to him.
Not knowing his address, she didn't write to him.
His cousin, whose name I forget, was a nurse.
His weight strained the rope.
His uncle owns no fewer than ten houses.
His uncle appeared rich.
His aunt has three cats.
He is an Irishman by origin.
His career is progressing in leaps and bounds.
We went without him, as he wasn't ready.
His early poetry draws heavily on his experience and memories of childhood.
I went to his place straight away.
I'm reluctant to visit him.
All his possessions are contained in that box.
His humble background parallels that of his predecessor.
What he writes comes to this.
He writes correct English.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
He has not less than 1,000 books in his study.
There are plenty of books in his study.
His study gives on the park.
Had it not been for his help, I should have failed.
You would have failed but for his help.
I would have failed but for his help.
But for his help, your success would be impossible.
But for his help, I might fail.
If I hadn't had his help, I would be dead.
I need his help.
You can't rely on his help.
You can't count on his help.
His advice is of no use.
Pay attention to his advice.
Thanks to his advice, we could finish it earlier than we had expected.
His advice was very helpful.
His advice amounts to an order.
His assistant examined the pile of papers over and over again.
His assistant polished his shoes.
We look to him for help.
She applied her handkerchief to his wound.
His very servants despised him.
His business is doing well.
His business has gone from bad to worse.
What is his business?
His business resulted in heavy losses.
His novels are, for the most part, very boring.
Among his novels, I like this best.
I haven't read both of his novels.
I haven't read any of his novels.
His novels also appear in English and French.
His novel sold well.
His novels, having been translated into English, are widely read in America.
His novels are too deep for me.
His novel is beyond my comprehension.
His novels are popular among young people.
I have read all his novels.
His novel had a great vogue for a long time.
I do not read his novels.
His novel was translated into Japanese.
I haven't read either of his novels.
Who that has read his story can forget it?
I haven't read both his novels, but judging from the one I have read, he seems to be a promising writer.
His essay is rubbish.
His essay was concise and to the point.
His essay was full of original ideas.
I cannot but accept his invitation.
His negative attitude rendered all my efforts useless.
