Tom said that he knew where Mary lived.
Tom said that he knew where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom said that he knew where Mary had hidden the money she had stolen.
Tom said that he knew what was going to happen.
Tom said that he knew what was going on.
Tom said that he knew what to do.
Tom said that he knew what that was like.
Tom said that he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he knew what Mary was going to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary thought she should do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary should do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary ought to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he knew the rules.
Tom said that he knew the area well.
Tom said he knew that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he knew that you wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said he knew that you couldn't do that.
Tom said he knew that you could do that.
Tom said he knew that we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said he knew that we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he knew that this day would come.
Tom said he knew that they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said he knew that they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that Mary wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said he knew that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said he knew that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said he knew that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that again.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom said he knew that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he knew that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that today.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary had to do that.
Tom said he knew that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said he knew that it was time to leave.
Tom said he knew that it was time to go.
Tom said that he knew that I would come.
Tom said he knew that I wasn't going to do that.
Tom said he knew that I wasn't going to cry.
Tom said he knew that I might need to do that.
Tom said he knew that I might have to do that.
Tom said he knew that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he knew that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he knew that he wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that he wouldn't win.
Tom said he knew that he wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said he knew that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not be permitted to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not be allowed to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that he might not be able to win.
Tom said he knew that he might not be able to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might be required to do that soon.
Tom said he knew that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he knew that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he could do that.
Tom said he knew something was wrong.
Tom said he knew that something was wrong.
Tom said that he knew something bad was going to happen.
Tom said that he knew one of Mary's brothers.
Tom said that he knew nothing about what had happened.
Tom said that he knew Mary's children.
Tom said that he knew Mary's brother.
Tom said that he knew Mary.
Tom said he knew Mary wouldn't win the race.
Tom said he knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary would win.
Tom said he knew Mary would win the race.
Tom said he knew Mary would do that.
Tom said he knew Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary should do that.
Tom said he knew Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary couldn't win.
Tom said he knew Mary could win.
Tom said he knew Mary could do that.
Tom said that he knew I was coming.
Tom said that he knew how to win.
Tom said that he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he knew how Mary felt.
Tom said that he knew how I felt.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew he could win.
Tom said that he knew both of the victims.
Tom said that he kept doing that.
Tom said that he kept asking questions.
Tom said that he kept asking Mary to help, but she just kept saying she wouldn't.
Tom said that he just wanted to buy something cheaper.
Tom said that he just needed more time.
Tom said that he just had to eat something right away.
Tom said that he just got back from Boston.
Tom said that he just didn't have the time.
Tom said that he jumped out of the way.
Tom said that he invited Mary to his party.
Tom said that he intends to keep his old car.
Tom said that he intends to go to Australia next October.
Tom said that he intended to take the matter further.
Tom said that he immediately called the police.
Tom said that he I thought I should do that myself.
Tom said that he I thought I should do that by myself.
Tom said he hopes you're able to win.
Tom said he hopes you're able to do that.
Tom said he hopes you'll help him.
Tom said he hopes you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said he hopes you'll help him do that.
Tom said he hopes you'll do that.
Tom said he hopes you'll be at the party.
Tom said he hopes you won't want to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't need to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said he hopes you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't have to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said he hopes you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said he hopes you won't do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said he hopes you won't do that alone.
Tom said he hopes you won't be late.
Tom said he hopes you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said he hopes you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he hopes you try your best to win.
Tom said he hopes you try your best to do that.
Tom said he hopes you try to do that.
Tom said he hopes you try doing that.
Tom said he hopes you like to do that.
Tom said he hopes you like doing that.
Tom said he hopes you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he hopes you can do that.
Tom said that he hopes to keep working here.
Tom said that he hopes to keep working here for several more years.
Tom said that he hopes to continue working here.
Tom said that he hopes to change that.
Tom said that he hopes to change that soon.
Tom said that he hopes to be back on Monday.
Tom said that he hopes to be back in October.
Tom said that he hopes to be back by October 20th.
Tom said that he hopes that'll happen soon.
Tom said he hopes that you're able to win.
Tom said he hopes that you're able to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you'll help him.
Tom said he hopes that you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said he hopes that you'll help him do that.
Tom said he hopes that you'll do that.
Tom said he hopes that you'll be at the party.
Tom said he hopes that you won't want to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't need to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said he hopes that you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't have to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said he hopes that you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said he hopes that you won't do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said he hopes that you won't do that alone.
Tom said he hopes that you won't be late.
Tom said he hopes that you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said he hopes that you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you try your best to win.
Tom said he hopes that you try your best to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you try to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you try doing that.
Tom said he hopes that you like to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you like doing that.
Tom said he hopes that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he hopes that you can do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't have to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't be late.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't be late again today.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will win.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will be at the party.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries her best to win.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries her best to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries doing that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary likes to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary likes doing that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary is able to win.
Tom said he hopes that Mary is able to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said he hopes that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hopes that happens before he retires.
Tom said that he hopes Mary can win.
Tom said that he hoped to be back on Monday.
Tom said that he hoped to be back in October.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would help him.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would eat what he made.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that right away.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would come to his concert.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be there.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be here today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be at the dance.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to help us.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he hoped that Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom said he hoped that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary could do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he hoped that he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said he hoped that he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said he hoped that he never needed to do that again.
Tom said he hoped that he got home before it started raining.
Tom said he hoped that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he could win the race.
Tom said he hoped that he could learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he could do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would win.
Tom said he hoped Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Tom said he hoped Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that soon.
Tom said that he hoped Mary could win.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to do that again.
Tom said he hoped he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said that he hoped he never had to do that again.
Tom said that he himself was an alcoholic.
Tom said that he heard three shots.
Tom said that he heard three shots fired.
Tom said that he heard three gunshots that night.
Tom said that he heard the gunshots.
Tom said that he heard someone yelling.
Tom said that he heard someone snoring.
Tom said that he heard someone singing.
Tom said that he heard someone screaming.
Tom said that he heard somebody yelling.
Tom said that he heard somebody snoring.
Tom said that he heard somebody singing.
Tom said that he heard somebody screaming.
Tom said that he heard noises in the kitchen.
Tom said that he heard Mary's voice.
Tom said that he heard Mary threaten to kill John.
Tom said that he heard Mary speaking French.
Tom said that he heard Mary snoring.
Tom said that he heard Mary singing this morning behind the school building.
Tom said that he heard Mary screaming.
Tom said that he heard Mary scream.
Tom said that he heard Mary say that.
Tom said that he heard Mary doing that.
Tom said that he heard Mary crying.
Tom said that he heard Mary and John arguing.
Tom said that he heard gunshots.
Tom said that he heard gunshots last night.
Tom said that he heard an explosion.
Tom said that he heard a lot of shots.
Tom said that he heard a lot of gunshots.
Tom said that he hated this book.
Tom said that he hated being treated like a child.
Tom said that he hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.
Tom said that he hasn't yet done any of that.
Tom said that he hasn't yet decided what to do.
Tom said that he hasn't yet decided what needs to be done.
Tom said that he hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
Tom said that he hasn't studied French.
Tom said that he hasn't seen Mary.
Tom said that he hasn't seen Mary since they got divorced.
Tom said that he hasn't noticed any difference.
Tom said that he hasn't met any of Mary's brothers.
Tom said that he hasn't had any trouble sleeping.
Tom said that he hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom said that he hasn't done any of that yet.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what to do.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what to do yet.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what needs to be done.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what needs to be done yet.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what he'll do.
Tom said that he has to wait for Mary.
Tom said that he has to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he has to go to school tomorrow.
Tom said that he has to get more sleep.
Tom said that he has to do that.
Tom said that he has to do that by himself.
Tom said that he has to call the police.
Tom said that he has to borrow some money.
Tom said he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has something he needed to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has nothing to hide.
Tom said that he has confidence in Mary.
Tom said that he has a lot of homework to do tonight.
Tom said that he hadn't thought about it like that.
Tom said that he hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
Tom said that he hadn't seen either of you.
Tom said he hadn't noticed any difference.
Tom said that he hadn't noticed any difference.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to stay so long.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to hurt Mary.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to do that.
Tom said he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal in a long time.
Tom said that he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal in a long time.
Tom said that he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal for a long time.
Tom said he hadn't eaten anything, but that wasn't true.
Tom said that he hadn't eaten anything, but that wasn't true.
Tom said that he hadn't done that in three years.
Tom said that he had trouble doing that.
Tom said that he had to work.
Tom said that he had to work on Saturday.
Tom said he had to work on Monday.
Tom said that he had to work on Monday.
Tom said that he had to work late.
Tom said that he had to walk home.
Tom said that he had to wait for Mary.
Tom said that he had to tell someone about his problems.
Tom said he had to tell somebody about his problems.
Tom said that he had to tell somebody about his problems.
Tom said that he had to talk to me.
Tom said that he had to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he had to stay home.
Tom said that he had to split.
Tom said that he had to share a hotel room with a stranger.
Tom said that he had to leave.
Tom said that he had to leave early.
Tom said that he had to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he had to hire someone with experience.
Tom said that he had to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said that he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he had to help Mary do that.
Tom said he had to go.
Tom said that he had to go.
Tom said that he had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Tom said that he had to go to a meeting.
Tom said that he had to go somewhere.
Tom said that he had to go home early.
Tom said that he had to do that.
Tom said that he had to do that by himself.
Tom said that he had to do something that needed to be done today.
Tom said that he had to do some things he didn't want to do.
Tom said that he had to call the police.
Tom said that he had to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom said that he had to be with his family on Christmas.
Tom said that he had three dogs at home.
Tom said that he had things he needed to do.
Tom said that he had the right to do that.
Tom said that he had the day off tomorrow.
Tom said that he had somewhere to go.
Tom said that he had something very important to say.
Tom said that he had something to take care of.
Tom said that he had something to take care of, and left.
Tom said he had something to show you.
Tom said that he had something to show you.
Tom said that he had something to say you.
Tom said that he had something to do this afternoon.
Tom said he had something important to tell you.
Tom said that he had something important to tell you.
Tom said that he had something important to tell me.
Tom said that he had something important to tell Mary.
Tom said that he had something important to say to Mary.
Tom said that he had something important to do.
Tom said that he had something important to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he had something important to ask Mary.
Tom said he had something he had to do, and left.
Tom said that he had something he had to do, and left.
Tom said that he had something he had to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he had something going on tomorrow.
Tom said that he had something for you.
Tom said that he had something else to say.
Tom said that he had some personal problems to take care of.
Tom said that he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my things.
Tom said that he had plenty of friends in Boston.
Tom said that he had nowhere to go.
Tom said that he had nothing else to do.
Tom said that he had no regrets.
Tom said that he had no reason to stay.
Tom said that he had no plans to do that.
Tom said that he had no other details.
Tom said that he had no other choice.
Tom said that he had no objection to our leaving early.
Tom said that he had no more details.
Tom said that he had no money.
Tom said that he had no idea where Mary was.
Tom said that he had no choice but to do that.
Tom said that he had never planned to stay that long.
Tom said that he had more important things to do.
Tom said that he had his reasons for leaving early.
Tom said that he had his reasons for doing that.
Tom said that he had eaten nothing, but that wasn't true.
Tom said that he had contemplated suicide.
Tom said that he had confidence in Mary.
Tom said that he had better things to do.
Tom said that he had an interesting conversation with Mary.
Tom said that he had an important call to make.
Tom said that he had already planned to do that for us.
Tom said that he had already planned on doing that for us.
Tom said that he had a wonderful time.
Tom said that he had a very urgent matter to discuss with his boss.
Tom said that he had a terrible experience in Boston.
Tom said that he had a terrible cold.
Tom said that he had a surprise for you.
Tom said that he had a stomachache and left the room.
Tom said that he had a stomachache and didn't feel like eating anything.
Tom said that he had a slight cold.
Tom said he had a shovel in his pickup truck.
Tom said that he had a shovel in his pickup truck.
Tom said that he had a plan.
Tom said that he had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom said that he had a knife.
Tom said that he had a knife in his car.
Tom said that he had a job for me.
Tom said that he had a headache.
Tom said that he had a hard time doing that.
Tom said that he had a great time with you.
Tom said that he had a good weekend.
Tom said that he had a good reason for doing that.
Tom said that he had a gift for Mary.
Tom said that he had a friend in Boston.
Tom said that he had a few things to say.
Tom said that he had a difficult time doing that.
Tom said that he had a daughter.
Tom said that he had a cold.
Tom said that he had 300,000 dollars in his safe.
Tom said that he got really tired of doing that.
Tom said that he got really tired doing that.
Tom said that he got paid extra for doing that.
Tom said that he got out of the way.
Tom said that he got back home on Monday.
Tom said that he goes out with Mary at least once a week.
Tom said that he freaked out.
Tom said that he found the noise irritating.
Tom said that he found something.
Tom said that he found something under the couch.
Tom said that he found something strange.
Tom said that he found something in the forest.
Tom said that he found it difficult to do that.
Tom said that he found his keys.
Tom said that he found a wallet in the back seat.
Tom said that he forgot something.
Tom said he figured that Mary could win.
Tom said he figured that Mary could do that.
Tom said he figured that I could win.
Tom said that he figured that I could win.
Tom said he figured that I could do that.
Tom said he figured that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he figured that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he figured that he could win.
Tom said that he figured that he could win.
Tom said he figured that he could do that.
Tom said that he figured I could win.
Tom said that he figured he could win.
Tom said that he felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Tom said that he felt tired.
Tom said that he felt the same.
Tom said that he felt the same way.
Tom said that he felt the same way Mary did.
Tom said that he felt tempted to do that.
Tom said that he felt strong.
Tom said that he felt seasick.
Tom said that he felt scared.
Tom said that he felt rested and was ready to start hiking again.
Tom said that he felt offended.
Tom said that he felt no pressure to do that.
Tom said that he felt nauseous.
Tom said that he felt like he was dreaming.
Tom said that he felt like giving up.
Tom said that he felt like doing that.
Tom said that he felt like crying.
Tom said that he felt hungry.
Tom said that he felt hot.
Tom said that he felt helpless.
Tom said that he felt he needed to help Mary.
Tom said that he felt he needed to do that.
Tom said that he felt he had to do that.
Tom said that he felt happy.
Tom said he felt great.
Tom said that he felt great.
Tom said that he felt good.
Tom said that he felt good about that.
Tom said that he felt fine.
Tom said that he felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom said that he felt compelled to do that.
Tom said that he felt cold.
Tom said that he felt bad about what he'd done.
Tom said that he felt bad about that.
Tom said that he felt a bit nervous.
Tom said that he feels sick.
Tom said that he feels like doing that.
Tom said that he feels fine.
Tom said that he feels better.
Tom said that he feels a lot better today.
Tom said that he expects to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he expects to be there tomorrow.
Tom said that he expects to be doing that on Monday.
Tom said that he expects Mary to win.
Tom said that he expects Mary to help him.
Tom said that he expects Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he expects Mary to do that.
Tom said that he expects his kids to be successful.
Tom said that he expects his children to be successful.
Tom said that he expected us do the same thing he did.
Tom said that he expected the job to be challenging.
Tom said that he expected Mary to win.
Tom said that he expected Mary to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to solve the problem.
Tom said that he expected Mary to participate.
Tom said that he expected Mary to help him.
Tom said he expected Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he expected Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he expected Mary to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to eat lunch with us.
Tom said that he expected Mary to do things right.
Tom said that he expected Mary to do that.
Tom said that he expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to be here.
Tom said that he expected Mary to be back on Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom said that he expected Mary do the same thing he did.
Tom said that he enjoys teaching French.
Tom said that he enjoys studying French.
Tom said that he enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he enjoyed the show.
Tom said that he enjoyed the party last night.
Tom said that he enjoyed the concert.
Tom said that he enjoyed the challenge.
Tom said that he enjoyed Mary's speech.
Tom said that he enjoyed last night's party.
Tom said that he enjoyed it.
Tom said that he enjoyed his time in Boston.
Tom said that he enjoyed himself in Boston.
Tom said that he enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he enjoyed being here.
Tom said that he doubted that Mary would win.
Tom said that he doubted that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he doesn't work on Mondays.
Tom said that he doesn't want to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom said that he doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom said that he doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom said that he doesn't want to take that chance.
Tom said that he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom said that he doesn't want to retire.
Tom said that he doesn't want to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he doesn't want to invite Mary to his party.
Tom said that he doesn't want to ever do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that on his own.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't want this.
Tom said that he doesn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't usually lock his house.
Tom said that he doesn't usually lock his car.
Tom said that he doesn't understand why you want to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't understand why you don't want to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you need to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you have to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you can win.
Tom said he doesn't think that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary will do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary will agree to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wanted to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary still does that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that outside.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that alone.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to go yesterday morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary has to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary has to do that until October.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary has to do that today.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary does that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary does that very often.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary does that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that it's safe for you to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that it's necessary to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that it would be wise to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he needs to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he has to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can find the time to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can do that.
Tom said he doesn't think he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can win.
Tom said he doesn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he doesn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he doesn't smoke anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't remember doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't remember doing it.
Tom said that he doesn't remember anything from that night.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to step down.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to stay with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to stay single all his life.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to stay here all day.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go to that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go there anytime soon.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go hunting again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to be there.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on staying with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on staying single all his life.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on staying here all day.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going to that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going there anytime soon.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going hunting again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on being there.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that for you.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that at all.
Tom said that he doesn't mind buying that for you.
Tom said that he doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't like to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom said that he doesn't like doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary works.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary bought her bicycle.
Tom said that he doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy.
Tom said that he doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
Tom said that he doesn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom said that he doesn't know Mary.
Tom said that he doesn't know if Mary can do that or not.
Tom said that he doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom said that he doesn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom said that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom said he doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom said that he doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom said that he doesn't know any of Mary's children.
Tom said that he doesn't hunt anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't have very much money.
Tom said that he doesn't have very much money on him.
Tom said that he doesn't have the power to stop that.
Tom said that he doesn't have the power to stop it.
Tom said that he doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have health insurance.
Tom said that he doesn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have any plans to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have a problem with me doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't go camping anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't feel well.
Tom said that he doesn't feel like doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't feel like doing that today.
Tom said that he doesn't feel like a hero.
Tom said that he doesn't ever want to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't even want to think about it.
Tom said that he doesn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
Tom said that he doesn't eat pork.
Tom said that he doesn't eat pork anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't eat meat.
Tom said that he doesn't eat meat anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't care whether he wins or not.
Tom said that he doesn't care if I do that.
Tom said that he doesn't care if he wins or not.
Tom said that he doesn't care at all.
Tom said that he disagrees.
Tom said that he disagreed with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want you to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want you to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want you here.
Tom said that he didn't want to work overtime.
Tom said that he didn't want to work outside.
Tom said that he didn't want to work late.
Tom said that he didn't want to work here anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to work as a waiter.
Tom said that he didn't want to wear John's old clothes.
Tom said that he didn't want to watch TV.
Tom said that he didn't want to watch TV this evening.
Tom said that he didn't want to waste time arguing.
Tom said that he didn't want to wait for you.
Tom said that he didn't want to try doing that.
Tom said that he didn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't want to travel with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to think about it.
Tom said that he didn't want to tell Mary that he lost so much money gambling.
Tom said that he didn't want to tell Mary anything.
Tom said that he didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk to you.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk to me.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about work.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about that.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about school.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about it.
Tom said that he didn't want to take any chances.
Tom said that he didn't want to study French.
Tom said that he didn't want to study French anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay home all day.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
Tom said that he didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't want to spend all day doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't want to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't want to sleep.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to sing.
Tom said that he didn't want to sing with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to see that movie.
Tom said that he didn't want to see Mary anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to say anything about that.
Tom said that he didn't want to play tennis with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
Tom said that he didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
Tom said that he didn't want to mow the lawn.
Tom said that he didn't want to mow the lawn until evening.
Tom said that he didn't want to make you do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom said that he didn't want to let Mary win.
Tom said that he didn't want to let Mary drive.
Tom said that he didn't want to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to leave.
Tom said that he didn't want to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to invite Mary to his party.
Tom said that he didn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to help weed the garden.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us clean the garage out.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary with her homework.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that today.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want to hang out with Mary anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to go.
Tom said that he didn't want to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to the park with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to school today.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Tom said that he didn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go swimming with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go drinking with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go camping with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that he didn't want to give any more speeches.
Tom said that he didn't want to give a speech.
Tom said that he didn't want to get married.
Tom said that he didn't want to force you to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to fight.
Tom said that he didn't want to feed his dog dry dog food.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever go fishing with Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat the stew Mary made.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat right now.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat now.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat leftovers.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tom said that he didn't want to do this.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that without Mary's help.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that without Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with you.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that that way.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that now.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that here.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that alone.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that after dark.
Tom said that he didn't want to do it that way.
Tom said that he didn't want to do anything.
Tom said that he didn't want to do anything with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to do anything until it got light.
Tom said that he didn't want to dance.
Tom said that he didn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to buy anything for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to borrow any money.
Tom said that he didn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to be alone with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to be a janitor.
Tom said that he didn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask you to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom said that he didn't want to argue.
Tom said that he didn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want that to happen.
Tom said that he didn't want that to happen again.
Tom said that he didn't want me to worry.
Tom said that he didn't want me to worry about that.
Tom said that he didn't want me to win.
Tom said that he didn't want me to wait.
Tom said that he didn't want me to wait for him.
Tom said that he didn't want me to tell Mary what happened.
Tom said that he didn't want me to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he didn't want me to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom said that he didn't want me to sing.
Tom said that he didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want me to help him.
Tom said that he didn't want me to help him do that.
Tom said that he didn't want me to go.
Tom said that he didn't want me to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want me to do that for him.
Tom said that he didn't want me hanging around here.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to win.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to come to his party.
Tom said that he didn't want anything.
Tom said that he didn't want anything to eat.
Tom said that he didn't want anything to drink.
Tom said that he didn't want anything from me.
Tom said that he didn't want anything for his birthday.
Tom said that he didn't want any of us to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want any of us to help him.
Tom said that he didn't want any more help.
Tom said that he didn't want a sandwich.
Tom said that he didn't want a party.
Tom said that he didn't want a party on his birthday.
Tom said that he didn't want a girlfriend.
Tom said that he didn't want a drink.
Tom said that he didn't wait very long.
Tom said that he didn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom said that he didn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom said that he didn't understand what Mary said in French.
Tom said that he didn't understand anything.
Tom said he didn't think we should even consider doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that's what we should be doing.
Tom said he didn't think that you'd do that.
Tom said he didn't think that you should do that.
Tom said he didn't think that you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that would happen.
Tom said that he didn't think that would happen today.
Tom said he didn't think that we should be doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that really happened.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would've done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would win.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would really do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let you do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let me do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let John drive.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let John do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let him drive.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let him do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would cry.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was asleep.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary should've done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to do that again.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary liked to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary liked doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had to do that again.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had ever done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary did that very often.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary did that on purpose.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could've done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could win.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could swim.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was possible.
Tom said he didn't think that it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that I should do that.
Tom said he didn't think that I had the guts to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd win.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd ever do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he was very good at French.
Tom said he didn't think that he was ready to become a father.
Tom said he didn't think that he was good enough for you.
Tom said he didn't think that he was good enough for Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that he should say anything.
Tom said he didn't think that he ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he had to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that he had enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he had any chance of winning.
Tom said he didn't think that he could win.
Tom said he didn't think that he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said he didn't think that he could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said he didn't think that he could ever do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that without our help.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that right now.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that now.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't think that doing that would make any difference.
Tom said he didn't think that doing that would be safe.
Tom said he didn't think that doing that would be much fun.
Tom said he didn't think that anyone could do that.
Tom said he didn't think that anybody could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that actually happened.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would like his friends.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had ever been to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't think it was worth the risk.
Tom said that he didn't think I'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd ever be able to convince Mary to go out with him.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that.
Tom said that he didn't swim.
Tom said that he didn't study French.
Tom said that he didn't speak French.
Tom said that he didn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't smoke.
Tom said that he didn't smoke anymore.
Tom said that he didn't sleep much Monday night.
Tom said that he didn't sleep a wink last night.
Tom said that he didn't see Mary.
Tom said that he didn't see Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he didn't see Mary doing that.
Tom said that he didn't see anything.
Tom said that he didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Tom said he didn't see anyone in the park.
Tom said he didn't see anyone else.
Tom said he didn't see anybody else.
Tom said that he didn't remember where he'd put his keys.
Tom said that he didn't remember where he'd parked the car.
Tom said that he didn't remember what happened.
Tom said that he didn't remember what happened that night.
Tom said that he didn't remember that at all.
Tom said that he didn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
Tom said that he didn't remember my name.
Tom said that he didn't remember much.
Tom said that he didn't remember Mary.
Tom said that he didn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Tom said that he didn't remember exactly where Mary lived.
Tom said that he didn't remember doing that.
Tom said that he didn't remember asking you to do that.
Tom said that he didn't remember asking me to do that.
Tom said that he didn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't remember anything.
Tom said that he didn't remember a thing.
Tom said that he didn't regret what happened.
Tom said that he didn't recommend doing that.
Tom said that he didn't really want to win.
Tom said that he didn't really want to talk about this.
Tom said that he didn't really know where to go.
Tom said that he didn't really know where he was born.
Tom said that he didn't really know what to do.
Tom said that he didn't really know what to buy.
Tom said that he didn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom said that he didn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom said that he didn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom said that he didn't really know how old Mary was.
Tom said that he didn't really know how old his dog was.
Tom said that he didn't really know how old he was.
Tom said that he didn't really feel like doing that today.
Tom said that he didn't really expect you to help him.
Tom said that he didn't really expect anyone to do that.
Tom said that he didn't really expect anybody to do that.
Tom said that he didn't really care whether he won or not.
Tom said that he didn't really care what happened.
Tom said that he didn't really care if he won or not.
Tom said that he didn't play baseball.
Tom said that he didn't plan to step down.
Tom said that he didn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom said that he didn't plan to stay for so long.
Tom said that he didn't plan to leave anytime soon.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go to Mary's concert.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go this week.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go there by himself.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go by himself.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go back there again.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't plan to do that.
Tom said that he didn't plan to do that this week.
Tom said that he didn't plan to do that here.
Tom said that he didn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't plan to be there.
Tom said that he didn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said that he didn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom said that he didn't plan on staying for so long.
Tom said that he didn't plan on leaving anytime soon.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going with us.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going this week.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going there by himself.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going by himself.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going back there again.
Tom said that he didn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom said that he didn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said that he didn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said that he didn't plan on being there.
Tom said that he didn't owe Mary anything.
Tom said that he didn't often win when he played chess.
Tom said that he didn't often go to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't need your permission to do that.
Tom said that he didn't need to hurry.
Tom said that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he didn't need to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't need to do that right away.
Tom said that he didn't need to do that now.
Tom said that he didn't need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't need to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't need our help.
Tom said that he didn't need money.
Tom said that he didn't need anything.
Tom said that he didn't need any more volunteers.
Tom said that he didn't need any more time.
Tom said that he didn't need any more money.
Tom said that he didn't need any more help.
Tom said that he didn't need a lawyer.
Tom said that he didn't need a break.
Tom said that he didn't mind.
Tom said that he didn't mind walking.
Tom said that he didn't mind waiting.
Tom said that he didn't mind eating after the children ate.
Tom said that he didn't mind doing that.
Tom said that he didn't mind doing that at all.
Tom said that he didn't mean to hurt you.
Tom said that he didn't mean to hit me.
Tom said that he didn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom said that he didn't like to do that.
Tom said that he didn't like this.
Tom said that he didn't like the way Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't like the taste of beer.
Tom said that he didn't like the concert at all.
Tom said that he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom said that he didn't like Mary anymore.
Tom said that he didn't like living downtown.
Tom said that he didn't like his nickname.
Tom said that he didn't like his new job.
Tom said that he didn't like doing that.
Tom said that he didn't like dogs.
Tom said that he didn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom said that he didn't like cats.
Tom said that he didn't like Boston.
Tom said that he didn't like beer.
Tom said that he didn't like air conditioning.
Tom said that he didn't learn anything at school today.
Tom said that he didn't know why.
Tom said that he didn't know why you did that.
Tom said that he didn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom said that he didn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom said that he didn't know why that happened.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was so angry.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was so angry.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was late.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was doing that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was angry.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary was absent.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary wanted to break up with him.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary wanted him to meet her in the park.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary refused to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary left.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary didn't like John.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't know who to give the package to.
Tom said that he didn't know who to give it to.
Tom said that he didn't know who that person was.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary's husband was.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary's boyfriend was.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning to stay with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning to go with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning to give that to.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning to do that with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning on staying with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning on going with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning on going to the prom with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning on giving that to.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was planning on doing that with.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary was getting married to.
Tom said that he didn't know who Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom said that he didn't know who he should trust.
Tom said that he didn't know who he could trust.
Tom said that he didn't know who did that.
Tom said he didn't know whether Mary could speak French or not.
Tom said that he didn't know whether Mary could speak French or not.
Tom said he didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he didn't know whether he'd have time to do that.
Tom said he didn't know whether he had enough time to do that or not.
Tom said that he didn't know whether he had enough time to do that or not.
Tom said that he didn't know where to go.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary worked.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary went.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary went to school.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning to stay.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning on staying.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning on going.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary had gone.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary had bought her pearl necklace.
Tom said that he didn't know where Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't know where he was supposed to go.
Tom said that he didn't know where he should park.
Tom said that he didn't know where he should park his car.
Tom said that he didn't know when the meeting started.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary would be arriving.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was born.
Tom said that he didn't know when he was supposed to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom said that he didn't know when he was supposed to be there.
Tom said that he didn't know what was wrong.
Tom said that he didn't know what to think.
Tom said that he didn't know what to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what to do next.
Tom said that he didn't know what time the party was going to start.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary's reasons for not doing that were.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary's reasons for doing that were.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary was supposed to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary wanted him to buy.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary should do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary did.
Tom said that he didn't know what made him do that.
Tom said that he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what he should do.
Tom said that he didn't know what he ought to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what he needed to do.
Tom said that he didn't know what he had to do.
Tom said that he didn't know this.
Tom said that he didn't know the rules.
Tom said that he didn't know the answer.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary could speak French.
Tom said he didn't know that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to leave him.
Tom said that he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know much about Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary very well.
Tom said that he didn't know if Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he didn't know if he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know if he had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know if he had time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know if he had enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know how to swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom said he didn't know how to play the guitar.
Tom said that he didn't know how to play the guitar.
Tom said that he didn't know how to play tennis.
Tom said that he didn't know how to do that until last summer.
Tom said that he didn't know how Mary would do that.
Tom said that he didn't know how Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't know anything about the robbery.
Tom said that he didn't know anything about Mary.
Tom said that he didn't know anything about Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know anyone who might want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know anyone who could fly a helicopter.
Tom said he didn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom said he didn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't know anybody here.
Tom said that he didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know any French.
Tom said that he didn't know all the rules.
Tom said that he didn't know a thing about it.
Tom said that he didn't kiss Mary.
Tom said that he didn't invite Mary to his party.
Tom said that he didn't intend to stay.
Tom said that he didn't intend to pay that bill.
Tom said that he didn't intend to ever do that again.
Tom said that he didn't intend to do that.
Tom said that he didn't intend to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't intend to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't intend to break the vase.
Tom said that he didn't hunt anymore.
Tom said that he didn't help Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't hear anyone scream.
Tom said he didn't hear anybody scream.
Tom said that he didn't have your permission to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have very much money on him right now.
Tom said that he didn't have very much experience.
Tom said that he didn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom said that he didn't have to worry about money.
Tom said that he didn't have to worry about Mary anymore.
Tom said that he didn't have to work today.
Tom said that he didn't have to work next Monday.
Tom said that he didn't have to work anymore.
Tom said that he didn't have to wait very long.
Tom said that he didn't have to wait so long.
Tom said that he didn't have to stay in the hospital.
Tom said that he didn't have to stay home to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't have to go to Boston next week.
Tom said that he didn't have to go anywhere.
Tom said that he didn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that until Monday.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that right away.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that now.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that every day.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that either.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't have to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't have to decide today.
Tom said that he didn't have to come here tomorrow.
Tom said that he didn't have to be back until next Monday.
Tom said that he didn't have time to read the newspaper this morning.
Tom said that he didn't have time to help you.
Tom said that he didn't have time to help us today.
Tom said that he didn't have time to eat right now.
Tom said that he didn't have time to eat now.
Tom said that he didn't have time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't have time to do that now.
Tom said that he didn't have time to answer all of my questions.
Tom said that he didn't have time for romance.
Tom said that he didn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have the strength to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have the patience to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have the nerve to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't have the energy to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have the energy to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't have the courage to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have the confidence to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have permission to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have one of these yet.
Tom said that he didn't have much time left.
Tom said that he didn't have much teaching experience.
Tom said that he didn't have much more time.
Tom said that he didn't have much free time.
Tom said that he didn't have much experience.
Tom said that he didn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't have it all figured out yet.
Tom said that he didn't have insurance.
Tom said that he didn't have his phone with him today.
Tom said that he didn't have his phone on him.
Tom said that he didn't have health insurance.
Tom said that he didn't have flood insurance.
Tom said that he didn't have experience doing that.
Tom said that he didn't have everything he wanted.
Tom said that he didn't have everything he needed.
Tom said that he didn't have enough time.
Tom said that he didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted him to buy.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy a motorcycle.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy a house.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Tom said that he didn't have as much free time as Mary.
Tom said that he didn't have as many cats as Mary does.
Tom said that he didn't have anything to write with.
Tom said that he didn't have anything to say.
Tom said that he didn't have anything to read.
Tom said that he didn't have anything to eat.
Tom said that he didn't have anything to do.
Tom said that he didn't have anything to complain about.
Tom said that he didn't have anything he needed to do.
Tom said that he didn't have anything he had to do.
Tom said that he didn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom said that he didn't have any time to watch TV.
Tom said that he didn't have any regrets.
Tom said that he didn't have any reason not to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have any problem with that.
Tom said that he didn't have any plans to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have any plans for next weekend.
Tom said that he didn't have any more details.
Tom said that he didn't have any money.
Tom said that he didn't have any money left.
Tom said that he didn't have any living relatives.
Tom said that he didn't have any idea why Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't have any idea who did that.
Tom said that he didn't have any idea where Mary was.
Tom said that he didn't have any idea what Mary would do.
Tom said that he didn't have any idea what Mary was doing.
Tom said that he didn't have any fun doing that.
Tom said that he didn't have any friends to play with.
Tom said that he didn't have any experience.
Tom said that he didn't have any desire to do that.
Tom said that he didn't have any concrete plans.
Tom said that he didn't have any classes today.
Tom said that he didn't have any books in French.
Tom said that he didn't have any bad habits.
Tom said that he didn't have an office.
Tom said that he didn't have a wife.
Tom said that he didn't have a plan.
Tom said that he didn't have a place to stay.
Tom said that he didn't have a lawyer.
Tom said that he didn't have a job.
Tom said that he didn't have a high school diploma.
Tom said that he didn't have a girlfriend.
Tom said that he didn't have a full-time job.
Tom said that he didn't have a driver's license.
Tom said that he didn't have a driver's license yet.
Tom said that he didn't have a dog.
Tom said that he didn't have a choice.
Tom said that he didn't have a car.
Tom said that he didn't have a bicycle.
Tom said that he didn't go to school yesterday.
Tom said that he didn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom said that he didn't go camping anymore.
Tom said that he didn't get paid to do that.
Tom said that he didn't get it.
Tom said that he didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom said that he didn't find it funny.
Tom said that he didn't feel well.
Tom said that he didn't feel well today.
Tom said that he didn't feel tired.
Tom said that he didn't feel threatened.
Tom said that he didn't feel that way at all.
Tom said that he didn't feel motivated to do that.
Tom said that he didn't feel like talking to Mary.
Tom said that he didn't feel like laughing.
Tom said that he didn't feel like going.
Tom said that he didn't feel like eating.
Tom said that he didn't feel like doing that.
Tom said that he didn't feel like doing that today.
Tom said that he didn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom said that he didn't feel like doing that now.
Tom said that he didn't feel like doing that again.
Tom said that he didn't feel like dancing.
Tom said that he didn't feel like a hero.
Tom said that he didn't feel hungry.
Tom said that he didn't feel hot.
Tom said that he didn't feel cold.
Tom said that he didn't expect the job to be easy.
Tom said that he didn't expect Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't expect anyone to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't expect anyone to help him.
Tom said that he didn't expect anyone to do that.
Tom said that he didn't expect anybody to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't expect anybody to help him.
Tom said that he didn't expect anybody to do that.
Tom said that he didn't ever win when he played badminton.
Tom said that he didn't ever want to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't even want to think about that.
Tom said that he didn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom said that he didn't enjoy watching baseball.
Tom said that he didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't eat meat.
Tom said that he didn't eat meat anymore.
Tom said that he didn't drink wine.
Tom said that he didn't drink coffee.
Tom said that he didn't do what Mary said he did.
Tom said that he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Tom said that he didn't do what he should've done.
Tom said that he didn't do that yesterday.
Tom said that he didn't do that very often.
Tom said that he didn't do that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom said that he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom said that he didn't care whether we stayed or not.
Tom said that he didn't care whether we stayed or left.
Tom said that he didn't care whether we helped him or not.
Tom said that he didn't care whether we did that or not.
Tom said that he didn't care whether Mary stayed or not.
Tom said that he didn't care whether Mary did that or not.
Tom said that he didn't care what I do.
Tom said that he didn't care what I did.
Tom said that he didn't care about Mary's past even though he really did.
Tom said that he didn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom said he didn't believe that you'd do that for him.
Tom said he didn't believe that you really wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that you really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe you did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that would happen.
Tom said that he didn't believe that really happened.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary would really do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really did that.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary could do that without some help.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that actually happened.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary could do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom said that he didn't believe it.
Tom said that he didn't believe it himself.
Tom said that he didn't believe in ghosts.
Tom said that he didn't answer Mary's letter, because he was busy.
Tom said that he didn't agree.
Tom said that he didn't agree with you.
Tom said that he didn't actually see anything.
Tom said that he did that, but he didn't really do it.
Tom said that he did that wrong.
Tom said that he did that three times.
Tom said he did that the wrong way.
Tom said that he did that the wrong way.
Tom said that he did that on Monday.
Tom said that he did that in 2013.
Tom said that he did that for you.
Tom said that he did that for us.
Tom said that he did that for Mary.
Tom said that he did that at home yesterday.
Tom said that he did that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he did that as quickly as he could.
Tom said that he did nothing wrong.
Tom said that he did nothing illegal.
Tom said that he did just that.
Tom said that he did it wrong.
Tom said he did it the wrong way.
Tom said that he did it the wrong way.
Tom said that he despised Mary.
Tom said that he decided it was too hard to do.
Tom said that he decided it was too difficult to do.
Tom said that he cried every day.
Tom said that he cried all night.
Tom said that he couldn't walk.
Tom said that he couldn't wait.
Tom said that he couldn't wait much longer.
Tom said that he couldn't understand my French.
Tom said that he couldn't swim as well as Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't speak French.
Tom said that he couldn't sleep last night.
Tom said that he couldn't see himself doing that.
Tom said that he couldn't resist doing that.
Tom said that he couldn't remember where Mary lived.
Tom said that he couldn't remember where he'd put his keys.
Tom said that he couldn't remember where he'd parked the car.
Tom said that he couldn't remember where he parked his car.
Tom said that he couldn't remember what to do.
Tom said that he couldn't remember what needed to be done.
Tom said that he couldn't remember that guy's name.
Tom said that he couldn't remember how to do that.
Tom said that he couldn't remember his own phone number.
Tom said that he couldn't remember his French teacher's name.
Tom said that he couldn't remember doing that.
Tom said that he couldn't remember anything.
Tom said that he couldn't recall doing that.
Tom said that he couldn't provide any more details.
Tom said that he couldn't make it tonight, but he could make it some other time.
Tom said that he couldn't loan any money to Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't leave without saying goodbye to Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't keep Mary for doing that.
Tom said that he couldn't help us today.
Tom said that he couldn't help me.
Tom said that he couldn't help Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom said that he couldn't hear anything.
Tom said that he couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
Tom said that he couldn't give us what we wanted.
Tom said that he couldn't find what he was looking for.
Tom said that he couldn't find the kind of job he was looking for.
Tom said that he couldn't find anything to eat.
Tom said that he couldn't find a job.
Tom said that he couldn't find a decent place to live.
Tom said that he couldn't figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he couldn't elaborate.
Tom said that he couldn't do what we asked him to do.
Tom said that he couldn't do that today.
Tom said that he couldn't do that because he's too busy.
Tom said that he couldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he couldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he couldn't do that again.
Tom said that he couldn't do it.
Tom said that he couldn't do anything.
Tom said that he couldn't do anything for Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't clean the pool tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he couldn't buy what he needed.
Tom said that he couldn't afford to see a doctor.
Tom said that he couldn't accept the job.
Tom said that he could've done that.
Tom said that he could've done that on his own.
Tom said that he could've done that by himself.
Tom said that he could've done that alone.
Tom said that he could wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he could take it.
Tom said that he could swim at least as well as Mary.
Tom said that he could smell something burning.
Tom said that he could probably win.
Tom said that he could probably help us do that.
Tom said that he could probably do that.
Tom said that he could probably do that in three hours.
Tom said that he could help us.
Tom said that he could help us today.
Tom said that he could help us do that.
Tom said that he could help Mary.
Tom said that he could hear Mary and John arguing.
Tom said he could handle that for us.
Tom said that he could handle that for us.
Tom said that he could handle it.
Tom said that he could go to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he could give Mary some money.
Tom said that he could fix it.
Tom said that he could do that.
Tom said that he could do that, but in reality he couldn't.
Tom said that he could do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom said that he could do that, but he actually couldn't.
Tom said that he could do that without any help.
Tom said that he could do that today.
Tom said that he could do that in a few hours.
Tom said that he could do it.
Tom said that he could come get it.
Tom said that he considered doing that.
Tom said that he can't walk without a cane.
Tom said that he can't wait any longer.
Tom said that he can't speak French.
Tom said that he can't sing very well.
Tom said that he can't sing as well as Mary.
Tom said that he can't eat that much food by himself.
Tom said that he can speak French, but he can't really speak it.
Tom said that he can handle it.
Tom said that he can get us what we need.
Tom said that he called the police.
Tom said that he called the police immediately.
Tom said that he called Mary Monday evening.
Tom said that he bought that for you.
Tom said that he bought his ticket online.
Tom said that he believed what Mary told us.
Tom said that he believed what Mary said.
Tom said that he believed that.
Tom said he believed that he could win.
Tom said he believed that he could do that.
Tom said that he believed Mary.
Tom said that he believed in ghosts.
Tom said that he ate way too much.
Tom said that he ate too much.
Tom said he assumed that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he assumed that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he assumed that you would want to do that.
Tom said he assumed that you would do that.
Tom said he assumed that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he assumed that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said he assumed that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he asked Mary to do that.
Tom said that he asked Mary not to eat the last orange.
Tom said that he asked Mary not to do that.
Tom said that he asked himself that same question.
Tom said that he arrived a few minutes before Mary did.
Tom said that he appreciated you being there.
Tom said that he appreciated the help.
Tom said that he appreciated that.
Tom said that he appreciated Mary's help.
Tom said that he apologized to Mary.
Tom said that he and Mary played tennis yesterday morning.
Tom said that he and Mary left early because Mary was feeling sick.
Tom said that he and Mary had a fight this morning.
Tom said that he and his friends were planning to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that he already agreed to do that.
Tom said that he almost forgot to do that.
Tom said that he almost didn't do that.
Tom said that he agreed.
Tom said he agreed to do that.
Tom said that he acted in self-defense.
Tom repaired the broken radio.
Tom repaired the broken chair.
Tom fixed the broken chair.
Tom quickly put his trousers on.
Tom quickly put on his trousers.
Tom put on his hat and left.
Tom put his hat on and left.
Tom put his glass of wine down.
Tom put down his glass of wine.
Tom put his coat on and left.
Tom not only visited Boston, he also visited Chicago.
Tom not only visited Boston, he visited Chicago, too.
Tom not only talked to Mary, he also talked to John.
Tom not only talked to Mary, he talked to John, too.
Tom never told anyone about what happened that day.
Tom never told anybody about what happened that day.
Tom never should've walked through the park by himself late at night.
Tom should've never walked through the park by himself late at night.
Tom never should've said that.
Tom never should've returned.
Tom should've never returned.
Tom never should've retired.
Tom should've never retired.
Tom never should've quit his job.
Tom should've never quit his job.
I can't remember all my passwords, so I write them all down in a notebook I keep hidden where I don't think anyone can find it.
I admitted I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
Which ones of those are Tom's and yours?
I had a lot of things I wanted to do yesterday, but I didn't have enough time to do them all.
I admit I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
Tom is gregarious, but Mary isn't.
I had a lot of things I wanted to buy, but I didn't have enough money, so I only bought this.
Tom knows a lot of songs, too.
Tom said he felt nervous.
Since I parked too close to the wall, I had to get out of the car on the passenger side.
Tom isn't stupid, but Mary is.
Tom didn't seem to be as unlucky as Mary seemed to be.
I've wanted to work as a carpenter ever since I helped my grandfather build his house.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
What time do you think Tom will be here?
I got pulled over by the police because they thought the car I was driving was stolen.
How exactly are Tom and I supposed to do that?
Tom is illiterate, but Mary isn't.
I can't decide whether to buy a new phone now or wait until the next model comes out.
Tom left his hat on the table.
Tom said he felt foolish.
As soon as I felt the train begin to move, I opened my book and started reading it.
Tom isn't strong, but Mary is.
Tom didn't seem to be as worried as Mary seemed to be.
I don't know exactly what time we'll be leaving, but it'll be sometime after 2:30.
I advised Tom that he should agree to do that.
Tom's wife picked him up at the airport.
How many days do you think it would take to ride a bicycle from Boston to Chicago?
How are Tom and I supposed to know what to do?
Tom is interested, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to find out sooner or later what happened, so why not just tell me now?
Tom liked living in Australia.
Tom said he felt cheated.
Doing that ended up being more complicated than I originally thought it would be.
Tom isn't strict, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as annoyed as Mary seems to be.
I almost froze to death when I fell down in the snow and had trouble getting up.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what he had to do.
Tom's friends tried to help him do that.
As soon as I felt the train begin to move, I opened my book and started reading.
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to do?
Tom is keeping a secret from Mary.
The next time I visit Boston, I'd like to stay at the hotel you told me about.
Tom likes Boston, but I don't.
Tom said he felt awkward.
I'm going to do everything I can to get this done before the end of the month.
Tom isn't stoned, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as anxious as Mary seems to be.
I didn't realize that what we were doing was dangerous until it was too late.
I can't put up with Tom's behavior any longer.
Tom's dog followed him into the kitchen.
When I was traveling from Boston to Chicago, I met a nice girl on the plane.
Did you go to Tom's party last Monday evening?
Tom is leaving for Boston at 2:30.
If I stayed up all night studying, I'd probably fall asleep during the test.
Tom moved in with his brother.
Tom said he felt at home.
I got to the station too late, so I missed the train I was planning to take.
Tom isn't sleepy, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as awkward as Mary seems to be.
I got into a fight with another student and the principal expelled us both.
I can't remember exactly when I first met Tom.
Tom worked in the accounting department.
The more ignorant people are the more sure they are that they're correct.
Did anything happen while Tom and I were gone?
Tom is locked himself in his room.
I got to the airport three hours before my flight was scheduled to leave.
Tom must've committed suicide.
Tom said he felt amazing.
You don't have to worry about anything. Everything's been taken care of.
Tom isn't single, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as curious as Mary seems to be.
We've been thinking about what to do about this problem for a long time.
I didn't think Tom would be back until Monday.
Tom won't be able to change Mary's mind.
I've always wanted to do this, but until now, I've never had the chance.
You don't seem to be aware that Tom did that.
Tom is married to my sister, Mary.
I don't think you're the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
Tom needs to change his socks.
Tom really likes it here.
I don't have my passport with me, so they won't let me cross the border.
Tom isn't seated, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as cynical as Mary seems to be.
I don't could find a babysitter for tonight, so I can't go to the party.
I don't do as much volunteer work as Tom does.
Tom will visit Mary in Boston next week.
I'll never forget how nice you were to me when I first moved to Boston.
You don't seem to be as conscientious as Tom.
Tom is my wife's friend, not mine.
I don't like it when people don't do what they say they're going to do.
Tom put a hand on my shoulder.
Tom purchased a new coat.
I don't have any friends or relatives to take care of me if I get sick.
Tom isn't scared, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as excited as Mary seems to be.
I have a lot of things I needed to buy, but I don't have enough money.
I don't know for certain when Tom will arrive.
Tom will do that the day after tomorrow.
I had an allergic reaction to the new medication my doctor prescribed.
You can't really blame Tom for getting angry.
Tom is my youngest daughter's son.
I had a lot of things I wanted to buy, but I didn't have enough money.
Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Tom pulled a gun on Mary.
I had a lot of things I needed to buy, but I didn't have enough money.
Mary isn't pretty, but Alice is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as finicky as Mary seems to be.
I don't know when it'll happen, but I'm pretty sure that it'll happen.
I don't know for sure what Tom is going to do.
Tom will be driving to Boston on Monday.
I didn't like the neighborhood where I was living. That's why I moved.
Why didn't you drink the coffee Tom gave you?
Tom is one of John's good buddies.
Doing that was more complicated than I originally thought it would be.
Tom said I didn't look my age.
Tom obviously likes Mary.
The man at the cash register said that I didn't need to pay anything.
Tom isn't polite, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as focused as Mary seems to be.
If I stay up all night studying, I might fall asleep during the test.
I don't know for sure who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom weighs himself every Monday morning.
I sat down on the sand and watched the children playing on the beach.
Which of these suitcases are Tom's and yours?
Tom is one of my sister's friends.
I had an argument with my girlfriend and now she's not talking to me.
Tom said he felt disappointed.
Tom needs to act quickly.
I couldn't find a babysitter for tonight, so I can't go to the party.
Tom isn't much of a carpenter.
Tom doesn't seem to be as frantic as Mary seems to be.
I can't afford to eat at this restaurant, so let's go somewhere else.
I don't know what Tom wants to eat for dinner.
Tom wasn't home on Monday, but Mary was.
You don't need to worry about a thing. I'll take care of everything.
When Tom gets here, I'll call you right away.
Tom is optimistic, but Mary isn't.
The last time I went to Boston, it took me three hours to get there.
Tom said he felt like dancing.
Tom must be very worried.
I'll tell you some things about Boston that you probably don't know.
Tom isn't lonely, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as healthy as Mary seems to be.
I don't want to borrow your car today. I want to borrow it tomorrow.
I don't know when Tom decided to leave Boston.
Tom was supposed to do that last Monday.
French is the only language we're allowed to speak in the classroom.
Whatever you do, don't buy anything from Tom.
Tom is overweight, but Mary isn't.
The next time I visit Boston, I'd like to stay at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom said he felt very nervous.
Tom must be very thirsty.
The man standing in front of the hotel asked me if I needed a taxi.
Tom isn't insane, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as nervous as Mary seems to be.
Someone broke into Mary's apartment and stole some of her jewelry.
I don't like the fact that Tom is dating Mary.
Tom was home on Monday, but Mary wasn't.
I'll let you go home as soon as you finish doing what you're doing.
What's the name of the store where Tom works?
Tom is photogenic, but Mary isn't.
I have a closet full of clothes that I haven't worn in a long time.
Tom said he was uncomfortable.
I got into the house through a window that you'd forgotten to lock.
Tom isn't immune, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as patient as Mary seems to be.
I don't like people who don't do what they say they're going to do.
I don't like the kind of music Tom listens to.
Tom used to be able to beat me at chess.
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by plane?
What's the name of the school where Tom goes?
Tom is playing guitar in his room.
At that time, I was too young and to understand what was happening.
Tom said that he forgave Mary.
Tom met Mary at the gate.
I'm going back to Boston on Monday if I finish doing this by then.
Tom isn't hungry, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as popular as Mary seems to be.
I'll give you a call as soon as I find out what's going to happen.
I don't really want to talk to Tom about that.
Tom tried to prevent me from doing that.
I got up and walked into the kitchen to get another cup of coffee.
What are Tom and I supposed to do about that?
Tom is possessive, but Mary isn't.
I got involved with people I never should've gotten involved with.
Tom says that'll never happen.
Tom majored in chemistry.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I want to buy.
Tom isn't honest, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as puzzled as Mary seems to be.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I need to buy.
I don't remember Tom's younger brother's name.
Tom took a shortcut through Mary's yard.
I don't allow my children to watch more than one hour of TV a day.
We all know that Tom is a good at volleyball.
Tom is prejudiced, but Mary isn't.
I didn't think it would be safe to walk home by myself after dark.
Tom seemed quite disorganized.
Tom looked like a zombie.
Houses here are about double the price of what they are in Boston.
Tom isn't guilty, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as relaxed as Mary seems to be.
At that time, I was too young and to understand what was going on.
I don't think Tom was glad that that happened.
Tom took Mary's suitcase up to her room.
You don't seem to be as attentive in class as the other students.
Tom's garage is full of things he never uses.
Tom is staying at this hotel, too.
We stopped over in Boston for three nights on the way to Chicago.
Tom seems to have left Boston.
Tom left the party drunk.
I'm not here every day, but I'm here at least three times a week.
Tom isn't grumpy, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as serious as Mary seems to be.
I jumped out of bed and ran outside, forgetting that I was naked.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next week.
Tom told me that he'd changed his plans.
I had absolutely nothing to do with what happened here yesterday.
Tom's friends often help him do his homework.
Tom is successful, but Mary isn't.
I got on the elevator and pressed the button for the third floor.
Tom shined his father's shoes.
Tom left his dog outside.
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by car?
Tom isn't groggy, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sincere as Mary seems to be.
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by bus?
I don't think Tom will permit Mary to do that.
Tom stopped on his way home to buy beer.
I wasn't able to get all the things done that needed to be done.
Tom would've done that if you'd asked him to.
Tom is supportive, but Mary isn't.
I have a cabin in the mountains about three hours from my house.
Tom shouldn't have drunk that.
Tom left Mary home alone.
I don't have what it takes to be a professional baseball player.
Tom isn't greedy, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as unlucky as Mary seems to be.
At that time, I was too young and to understand what that meant.
I don't think Tom would let me borrow his car.
Tom started working on that last Monday.
I've had three different jobs since I started living in Boston.
Tom would be angry if we ate all the cookies.
Tom is supposed to do that for us.
I'm going to have the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom shouldn't have eaten that.
Tom left Mary by herself.
I'll let you know what's going to happen as soon as I find out.
Tom isn't famous, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as worried as Mary seems to be.
I looked out the window, but I didn't see anything interesting.
I don't think Tom would let me ride his horse.
Tom sometimes buys toys from this store.
I have a lot of clothes in my closet that I never wear anymore.
Tom will be going out with Mary this evening.
Tom is suspicious, but Mary isn't.
I had a week to finish doing that, but that wasn't enough time.
Tom shouldn't need to do that.
Tom isn't as shy as I am.
I drank too much coffee last night and I couldn't get to sleep.
Tom isn't cranky, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't want Mary to find out about what happened.
I don't like it when you leave your dirty clothes on the floor.
I don't think Tom would let you drive his car.
Tom shouldn't waste any time doing that.
I didn't do that because I thought it would be a waste of time.
Tom will be coming back to Boston in October.
Tom is tall and Mary is tall, too.
You know that you're not supposed to be doing that, don't you?
Tom stole some things of mine.
Tom isn't as fat as I am.
My teacher told my mother that I don't pay attention in class.
Tom isn't boring, but Mary is.
Tom has a doctor's appointment at 2:30 this afternoon.
Let's eat at the restaurant across the street from the hotel.
I don't think Tom would permit you to do that.
Tom should do what Mary tells him to do.
I'm going to get the chance to do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom will be arriving from Boston around 2:30.
Tom is tall and so is his brother.
I have a daughter who's a cook at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom suddenly changed his mind.
Tom is very intimidating.
I had a week to finish doing that, but I couldn't get it done.
Tom isn't biased, but Mary is.
Tom invited Mary to come over to his place for dinner.
I had a crush on my science teacher when I was in high school.
I don't think that Tom will come to the party.
Tom seems to be really busy, doesn't he?
I don't wear a hat every day, but I wear one almost every day.
Tom went down to the cafeteria for breakfast.
Tom is the exact opposite of Mary.
I don't have a high-paying job yet, but I hope to, eventually.
Tom thought Mary was Canadian.
Tom is upstairs sleeping.
I can't go ice skating today because I have a lot of homework.
Tom isn't asleep, but Mary is.
Tom is going to get rid of all the junk in his garage.
I can't come in to the office today because I don't feel well.
I don't think that Tom's speech was very good.
Tom seems to be having trouble speaking.
Would you mind taking care of my children tomorrow afternoon?
Tom wasn't hesitant to do that, but Mary was.
Tom is traveling with his parents.
We lived in Boston for three years before we came to Chicago.
Tom wanted to study with Mary.
Tom is tall, but I'm not.
They'll be building a new bridge across this river next year.
Tom isn't as upset as Mary is.
Tom is usually a little bit more careful than Mary is.
The cold doesn't seem to bother you as much as it bothers me.
I don't think there's any way Tom can do that.
Tom seemed to really enjoyed doing that.
If you really want to go to the art museum, I'll go with you.
Tom was sent to the principal's office today.
Tom is unbeatable, but Mary isn't.
I'll never forget the time you and I went to Boston together.
Tom was alone on Monday night.
Tom is still on vacation.
I won't be able to finish this job on time without some help.
Tom isn't as ticklish as I am.
Tom isn't as enthusiastic about doing that as Mary is.
I wasn't able to get the job because I couldn't speak French.
I got mad at Tom when I found out what he did.
Tom seemed to be really busy, didn't he?
I wasn't able to get all the things done that I wanted to do.
Tom was in the garage just a few minutes ago.
Tom is unemployed, but Mary isn't.
I have a good reason for not having my homework done on time.
Tom was at a party last night.
Tom is really doing well.
I had a crush on my French teacher when I was in high school.
Tom isn't as pushy as Mary is.
Tom isn't here because he's in Boston at a conference.
I got off the elevator and walked down the hall to my office.
I got my phone out of my purse and called Tom.
Tom says he doesn't want to be cremated.
I don't want to talk about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom was hurt in the accident and so was Mary.
Tom is unfriendly, but Mary isn't.
I don't think I've ever heard you complain about the weather.
Tom was busy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is probably just shy.
I don't think I can move this bookcase without a little help.
Tom isn't as gullible as Mary.
Tom looks like a teacher, but he's actually a student.
I don't know if I have enough money to buy everything I need.
I have no idea why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't look too convinced.
I almost didn't have enough money to pay my bills last month.
Tom was hesitant to do that, but Mary wasn't.
Tom isn't as conservative as I am.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by plane?
Tom was calm, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is on a fishing trip.
You've changed so much that I didn't recognize you at first.
Tom isn't as flexible as I am.
Tom loved Mary and wanted to be with her all the time.
You don't seem to be doing what you're supposed to be doing.
I have no idea why Tom wanted Mary to do that.
Tom said I didn't look like I was tired.
That girl over there with blonde hair and blue eyes is Mary.
Tom wanted to make everyone around him happy.
Tom isn't as disorganized as I am.
I'm not very good at dealing with these kinds of situations.
Tom was cold, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is obviously unhappy.
I have a thirty-year-old wife and a three-year-old daughter.
Tom isn't as creative as I am.
Tom makes a lot of mistakes when he's speaking French.
I don't think there's any need for me to attend the meeting.
I ordered a steak and Tom ordered a hamburger.
Tom played the song that Mary requested.
I don't like to eat garlic before going out with my friends.
Tom wanted to know why Mary couldn't go, too.
Tom isn't as enthusiastic as I am.
I don't like having to admit not being able to do something.
Tom was done, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is obviously in love.
I don't have enough money to buy a wheelchair for my father.
Tom isn't as athletic as I am.
Tom moved to a new apartment at the end of last month.
I don't have any friends who are willing to help me do that.
I shouldn't have agreed to accept Tom's offer.
Tom picked a flower and gave it to Mary.
I can't see you tonight, but I can see you tomorrow morning.
Tom used to play tennis on Monday afternoons.
Tom isn't dependable, but Mary is.
I can't reach the book on the top shelf that I want to read.
Tom was fair, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is making me nervous.
I a piece of paper, but I don't have anything to write with.
Tom isn't as artistic as I am.
Tom said I didn't need to do that if I didn't want to.
Have you heard about what happened here yesterday afternoon?
I shouldn't have agreed to ask Tom to do that.
Tom often helps his father in the store.
A lot of things have changed since the last time I was here.
Tom tried one of the cookies that Mary baked.
Tom isn't doing that, but Mary is.
You're the one I want to live with for the rest of my life.
Tom was fast, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is looking at us now.
When was the last time you drank coffee out of a paper cup?
Tom isn't as angry as Mary is.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was having any fun.
I'm not very good at coping with these kinds of situations.
I thought Tom was going to do that for us.
Tom named his son after his grandfather.
I'm not the one who decided that we all needed to be there.
Tom told Mary that hitchhiking was dangerous.
Tom isn't downstairs, but Mary is.
I'll give you a call as soon as the decision comes through.
Tom was here, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is headed for Boston.
I haven't had a lot of time to think about the problem yet.
Tom isn't amused, but Mary is.
Tom said it didn't look like I was having a good time.
I got caught in a traffic jam and was late for the meeting.
I'd like to go to Tom's house and talk to him.
Tom met some of his friends in the park.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I want.
Tom started crying and I started crying, too.
Tom isn't frightened, but Mary is.
I don't think I have enough money to buy everything I need.
Tom was home, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is from a small town.
I don't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
Tom isn't afraid, but Mary is.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was out of town.
I don't like to wait until the last minute to do something.
I'd like to go to Tom's place and talk to him.
Tom may end up dead if he's not careful.
I don't know whether I can do that, but I'll give it a try.
Tom slept through the last half of the movie.
Tom isn't handcuffed, but Mary is.
I can't remember the words to the song you want me to sing.
Tom was hurt, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is finally over Mary.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by car?
Tom isn't absent, but Mary is.
Tom wanted to know why Mary wasn't allowed to do that.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago by bus?
I'll get Tom to carry your suitcases upstairs.
Tom looks like he's enjoying doing that.
You don't seem particularly interested in learning French.
Tom scribbled on the wall with a blue crayon.
Tom isn't illiterate, but Mary is.
They wouldn't let me into the club because I was underage.
Tom was kind, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is eating pork chops.
There are a lot of clothes in my closet that I never wear.
Tom is with Mary on the porch.
Tom wanted to quit his job, but he couldn't afford to.
Other than occasional business trips, I don't travel much.
I'll give you a call as soon as Tom gets here.
Tom looks like he's about to fall sleep.
My family had already eaten dinner by the time I got home.
Tom said the cookies Mary baked tasted awful.
Tom isn't interested, but Mary is.
I'm not going to wait for the bus. I'm just going to walk.
Tom was late, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is dying to see Mary.
I'm going to need a little more time to finish doing this.
Tom is well-known around here.
Tom was sitting in that chair over there this morning.
I'm a little worried about what might happen if I do that.
I'll meet Tom at the station tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom lived in a small shack in the woods.
I'll give you this knapsack if it's something you can use.
Tom said he wouldn't mind doing that for you.
Tom isn't optimistic, but Mary is.
I'd been working for hours and was beginning to get tired.
Tom was lost, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is as guilty as Mary.
I wasn't able to stay as long as I thought I'd be able to.
Tom is unkind, but Mary isn't.
Tom's children have gone to Boston and he misses them.
I took a lot of pictures last summer when I was in Boston.
I'm giving Tom a new bicycle for his birthday.
Tom left without saying goodbye to Mary.
I think I'll be the first one in our class to get married.
Tom said he wanted to do something different.
Tom isn't overweight, but Mary is.
I should be able to have that done by the end of the week.
Tom was nice, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is as guilty as I am.
I had to lie down for a while because I was feeling dizzy.
Tom is there already, I think.
Tom's parents have apparently decided to get divorced.
I had my homework all done by the time my mother got home.
I'm not as interested in doing that as Tom is.
Tom left his house without his umbrella.
I had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom said he felt he owed Mary an explanation.
Tom isn't photogenic, but Mary is.
I got the job because I can speak both French and English.
Tom was right and I was wrong.
Tom is alone in his room.
I got paint on my clothes when I was painting the ceiling.
Tom is the perfect man for me.
You can tell by Tom's accent that he's from Australia.
I got dressed and went into the kitchen to make breakfast.
I'm the one who told Tom not to do that again.
Tom left his children at home with Mary.
I don't want to get married until I graduate from college.
Tom said he didn't have anything else to say.
Tom isn't prejudiced, but Mary is.
I don't want to get drunk, but I'd like to drink a little.
Tom was shot with his own gun.
Tom is a very bad person.
I don't think you're the kind of person who would do that.
Tom is the leader of the band.
You don't seem to be as determined as Tom seems to be.
I don't play baseball, but I like watching baseball on TV.
I've never asked Tom to work late on a Monday.
Tom learned how to do that very quickly.
I don't need to work on Mondays for the next three months.
Tom said he couldn't sleep at all last night.
Tom isn't successful, but Mary is.
I don't know exactly what happened because I wasn't there.
Tom was sick, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is a songwriter, too.
I don't have to work on Mondays for the next three months.
Tom is the laziest guy I know.
You don't seem to be as interested as Tom seems to be.
I don't have any idea how many people will be at my party.
If we eat all the cookies, Tom will get angry.
Tom isn't sure what time the meeting is.
I don't care how we do that, but we've got to do it today.
Tom said Mary didn't look too happy about it.
Tom isn't supportive, but Mary is.
I decided at an early age that I wanted to be a carpenter.
Tom was slow, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is a reliable worker.
I can't help you move the piano because I have a bad back.
Tom is texting Mary right now.
You don't seem to be as optimistic as Tom seems to be.
I can't believe you really believe that's going to happen.
Isn't this where Tom and I are supposed to be?
Tom isn't a coffee drinker, but Mary is.
How many hours does it take to get from Boston to Chicago?
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was tired.
Tom isn't suspicious, but Mary is.
Houses here are about double the price they are in Boston.
Tom was warned not to be late.
Tom is a race car driver.
You don't have to wash the car. It's already been washed.
Tom is stupid, but Mary isn't.
You don't seem to be as particular as Tom seems to be.
You don't have to tell me how to do that. I already know.
It looks like Tom and I were wrong about that.
Tom is usually punctual, but Mary isn't.
We hope to have this job finished by the end of the week.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was happy.
Tom leaves for Boston next Monday.
They wouldn't let me into the bar because I was underage.
Tom was warned not to do that.
Tom is a gifted musician.
That's something I'm trying to figure that out right now.
Tom is strong, but Mary isn't.
You don't seem to be as successful as Tom seems to be.
My girlfriend doesn't like it when I talk to other girls.
Let me show you a picture of Tom playing golf.
Tom is usually a lot hungrier than Mary.
My father was as old as I am now when he started working.
Tom rode a pony yesterday for the first time.
Tom left Mary a box of chocolates.
Mary isn't so beautiful, but she has a great personality.
Tom wasn't busy, but Mary was.
Tom hid the stolen money.
If you think I'm going to help you do that, you're wrong.
Tom is strict, but Mary isn't.
You don't seem to be as suspicious as Tom seems to be.
If you think I'm going to be at your party, you're wrong.
Let me tell you a joke that Tom told me today.
Tom is the only person you should trust.
I've been living in Boston for a little over three years.
Tom peeked in the box to see what was inside.
Tom left before the concert ended.
I'm going to have to do that even though I don't want to.
Tom wasn't cold, but Mary was.
Tom has very white teeth.
I'm going to buy my mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom is stingy, but Mary isn't.
You know Tom and I aren't going to do that, don't you?
I'm going to be punished for doing that, I'm pretty sure.
Next week, Tom is going to Boston on business.
Tom is the only one who knows the truth.
I got the key from under the doormat and opened the door.
Tom met a woman named Mary after the concert.
Tom likes doing that, but I don't.
I got an opportunity to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom wasn't done, but Mary was.
Tom has to get his stuff.
I don't usually get to my office until about nine-thirty.
Tom is still in love with you.
Do you remember where you talked to Tom the first time?
I don't remember too much about what happened last night.
Please ask Tom if he's going to do that today.
Tom is the best drummer I've ever heard.
I don't remember my parents ever arguing with each other.
Tom made the long drive to Boston by himself.
Tom lives in a quiet part of town.
I don't like being the first one to show up at any party.
Tom wasn't fair, but Mary was.
Tom has no place to hide.
I don't have enough money to pay all my bills this month.
Tom is still in his apartment.
Don't you think that Tom is too young to be doing that?
I can't go to the party because I can't get a babysitter.
That's not what Tom and I were planning to do.
Tom is still waiting for you downstairs.
I can't figure out how to fill out this application form.
Tom looked in the box to see what was inside.
Tom looks as if he has a headache.
You don't need to tell me anything if you don't want to.
Tom wasn't fast, but Mary was.
Tom has a long way to go.
That's the most beautiful Christmas tree I've ever seen.
Tom is somewhere in this park.
How are Tom and I ever going to buy everything we need?
Let's go somewhere a little bit quieter, so we can talk.
That's not what Tom is planning to talk about.
Tom is still very much in love with you.
It'll take us at least three weeks to finish doing this.
Tom listened carefully to Mary's explanation.
Tom looks like he needs a holiday.
It'll take me at least three weeks to finish doing this.
Tom wasn't here, but Mary was.
Tom had to think quickly.
It took me longer to clean my room than it usually does.
Tom is sleepy, but Mary isn't.
How much longer are Tom and I going to have to do this?
I'm having a really hard time getting to sleep at night.
The last time I went to Boston, I visited Tom.
Tom is sitting at the counter with Mary.
I'm going to need a few more hours to finish doing this.
Tom isn't as reluctant to do that as Mary is.
Tom might be the one who did that.
I'll be waiting for you in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom wasn't home, but Mary was.
Tom had no place to hide.
I'll be living in Boston with my grandparents next year.
Tom is skinny, but Mary isn't.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
I think I have a good chance of being hired for the job.
There's no way Tom and I are going to do that.
Tom is my younger daughter's second son.
I had no idea how wrong I was until we tried doing that.
Tom isn't as motivated to do that as Mary is.
Tom never left his room yesterday.
I had intended to do that today, but I didn't have time.
Tom wasn't hurt, but Mary was.
Tom had a choice to make.
I had an argument with one of my neighbors this morning.
Tom is single, but Mary isn't.
I advised Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
I got into my car and drove away without saying goodbye.
This is something Tom and I are very proud of.
Tom is much wiser than I thought he was.
I got a book down from the shelf and started reading it.
Tom isn't as fun to hang out with as Mary is.
Tom only has three pairs of socks.
I don't think our French teacher is a very good teacher.
Tom wasn't kind, but Mary was.
Tom had a chat with Mary.
I don't think I enjoy doing this as much as you seem to.
Tom is serious about his work.
I didn't know that Tom was still a high school student.
I don't remember what time told me to meet him tomorrow.
This is the book Tom and I were talking about.
Tom is leaving for Australia next Monday.
I don't really deserve all the praise I've been getting.
Tom isn't as desperate to do that as Mary is.
Tom packed his suitcases and left.
I don't like to wait until the last minute to do things.
Tom wasn't late, but Mary was.
Tom got very overwhelmed.
I don't like it when people post my picture on Facebook.
Tom is seated, but Mary isn't.
I didn't know when Tom and I were supposed to be there.
I don't like carrots much, so I don't usually eat them.
Tom always has lots of things to do on Monday.
Tom is keeping something secret from us.
I don't know exactly what time I'm supposed to be there.
Tom is trying to figure out a way to do that.
Tom put a hand on Mary's shoulder.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to do, but I try to.
Tom wasn't lost, but Mary was.
Tom got very intoxicated.
I didn't know that you were still a high school student.
Tom is scared, but Mary isn't.
I don't always do what Tom asks me to do, but I try to.
I can't say for sure how many times I've been to Boston.
Tom always seems to be wearing the same thing.
Tom is here about three hours every day.
I can't ride a unicycle very well yet, but I'm learning.
Tom is the kind of person who never gives up.
Tom quickly drove to the hospital.
You'd better hurry if you want to get home before dark.
Tom wasn't nice, but Mary was.
Tom got very embarrassed.
You can't stop me from saying what I'm planning to say.
Tom is polite, but Mary isn't.
I don't brush my teeth as many times a day as Tom does.
When I was in Boston, I happened to meet an old friend.
Tom and I are the ones who make the decisions.
Tom is good at swimming, but Mary isn't.
Since the accident, I don't like looking in the mirror.
Tom is the best French speaker in our office.
Tom really needs to get some rest.
I'm the one who decided that we all needed to be there.
Tom wasn't sick, but Mary was.
Tom got very discouraged.
I'm gradually getting better at guessing people's ages.
Tom is on the volleyball team.
I don't enjoy the same kinds of movies that Tom enjoys.
I'm going to be getting an award at tonight's ceremony.
Tom and I are the ones who ought to apologize.
Tom is expecting Mary to come home soon.
I'll help you in the garden after I finish my homework.
Tom is taking a biology course this semester.
Tom said Mary didn't look nervous.
I'll be going back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom wasn't slow, but Mary was.
Tom gives tennis lessons.
I'd like to know how long I should continue doing this.
Tom is normal, but Mary isn't.
I don't know how I'm going to keep Tom from doing that.
I shouldn't have agreed to do what they asked me to do.
Tom and I are the ones who stole the painting.
Tom is determined to do that by himself.
I left Boston three years ago and I've never been back.
Tom is still taking his medication, isn't he?
Tom said Mary didn't look pleased.
I have absolutely no idea when I'm supposed to do that.
Tom went inside the apartment.
Tom fixed Mary's bicycle.
I have a wheelbarrow in my garage that I've never used.
Tom is no longer my boyfriend.
I don't know if Tom and I are going to make it on time.
I had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom and I are the only ones who can't do that.
Tom is a lot better guitarist than I am.
I got to the bus stop with only a few minutes to spare.
Tom is one of the meanest guys I've ever met.
Tom said Mary didn't look so busy.
I got into the elevator and went up to the third floor.
Tom went to Boston, didn't he?
Tom enlisted in the army.
I got a job as a waiter at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom is my sister's ex-husband.
I don't like Tom's girlfriend and he doesn't like mine.
I felt my phone vibrate and pulled it out of my pocket.
Tom and I aren't permitted to do that anymore.
Tom is a better drummer than I expected.
I don't yet know exactly when I'm supposed to be there.
Tom is one of the fattest guys I've ever met.
Tom said he felt a little nervous.
I don't think I'll be ready to do that until next year.
Tom will do what he has to do.
Tom didn't take anything.
I don't think I'll be able to finish the job by myself.
Tom is lonely, but Mary isn't.
I don't spend as much time studying French as Tom does.
I don't think I can play the guitar as well as you can.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who'll do that.
Tom is a beginner, but he's pretty good.
I don't really want to sell this, but I need the money.
Tom is one of the best skiers I've ever seen.
Tom said he felt extremely guilty.
I don't like having to admit that I can't do something.
Tom woke up earlier than Mary.
Tom didn't pass the exam.
I don't know who's living in the house across the road.
Tom is leaving town next week.
I don't think I'll be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I can't speak French, and I can't speak English either.
Tom and I aren't very likely to sing together.
Tom headed up the stairs to his bedroom.
I can't play the tin whistle as well as I wish I could.
Tom is lucky to have some many close friends.
Tom said he felt much happier now.
I almost killed myself when I accidentally shot myself.
Tom won't be able to fix that.
Tom didn't let Mary talk.
Doing that wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be.
Tom is just as guilty as I am.
I don't think Tom actually did his homework by himself.
Do you have a picture of your girlfriend on your phone?
Tom and I graduated from the same high school.
Tom has nightmares several times a week.
You're going to be late for school if you don't hurry.
Tom is likely either in Boston or in Chicago.
Tom said he felt quite threatened.
You need to hurry if you want to get home before dark.
Tom works as a security guard.
Tom did a remarkable job.
What's the difference between a fable and a fairytale?
Tom is immune, but Mary isn't.
I don't think Tom can convince Mary to stop doing that.
We saw many middle-aged women sunbathing on the beach.
Tom and I were busy yesterday and couldn't go.
Tom has been offered a job in Australia.
We have almost no chance of getting that done on time.
Tom is interested in learning how to do that.
Tom said he found doing that hard.
This is a picture of the hotel we stayed at in Boston.
Tom works on an assembly line.
Tom can't wait that long.
Mary is one of the most beautiful girls I've ever met.
Tom is hungry, but Mary isn't.
I don't think Tom is good-looking, but he's a nice guy.
I've told you things that I've never told anyone else.
Tom and I were the ones who actually did that.
Tom has always been very friendly to me.
I'm going to try doing that a different way next time.
Tom is gradually getting used to his new job.
Tom said he's been offered $3,000.
I'm going to have plenty of time to do that next week.
We can't trust Tom to do that.
Tom came here by bicycle.
I'm going to Boston next week with some of my friends.
Tom is honest, but Mary isn't.
I don't think Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I'll never forget the first time we kissed each other.
Tom and I were the ones who needed to do that.
Tom has a date with Mary Monday evening.
I'll never forget the first time we did that together.
Tom is going to stay in Boston until October.
Tom sat in front of the fireplace.
I'd been reading for an hour when the lights went out.
What are Tom and I up against?
Tom called in sick today.
I was sick last weekend and stayed in bed all weekend.
Tom is helping in the kitchen.
I got up early this morning and went swimming with Tom.
I have a bruise on my forehead where I banged my head.
Tom and I were the ones who started the fight.
Tom had chocolate ice cream for dessert.
I had nothing to do with what happened here yesterday.
Tom is going to need all the help he can get.
Tom sat next to me at the meeting.
I got my nose broken in a fight when I was a teenager.
Which cups are Tom's and mine?
Tom bought three tickets.
I got into a lot of trouble when I was in high school.
Tom is grumpy, but Mary isn't.
I told Tom it wouldn't be safe to walk home after dark.
I glad you were able to come to my concert last night.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who were busy.
Tom got straight A's on his report card.
I don't think you're smart enough to get into Harvard.
Tom is going to be leaving in thirty minutes.
Tom saved the puppy from drowning.
I don't think I enjoyed doing that as much as you did.
Who said Tom and I were wrong?
Tom became very confused.
I don't really want to learn how to play the trombone.
Tom is groggy, but Mary isn't.
I told Tom not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
I don't live in Boston anymore. I've moved to Chicago.
Tom and Mary argued about what they should do.
Tom got fluent in French fairly quickly.
I don't live in Boston anymore. I now live in Chicago.
Tom is determined to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom says he can't stay for dinner.
I don't like to ask for help from people I don't know.
According to Tom, Mary is sick.
Tom became very agitated.
I don't know if I'll be able to visit you next Monday.
Tom is greedy, but Mary isn't.
I told Tom to take some time to think over his options.
I don't have a phone, so you'll have to send an email.
Tom and Mary talked to each other for a while.
Tom got an email from Mary this morning.
I don't drink much beer, but I do drink a lot of wine.
Tom is convinced he's doing that right thing.
Tom says he wants his things back.
I don't care who you are. I'm not going to let you in.
Are these bags Tom's and yours?
Tom ate three sandwiches.
I can't stay in Boston. I have to get back to Chicago.
Tom is going to look for Mary.
I'll be very disappointed if Tom doesn't come to visit.
How long does it take to drive from Boston to Chicago?
Tom and his family don't speak French at home.
Tom gets along well with his classmates.
Boston is the most interesting city I've ever visited.
Tom is a lot better French speaker than I am.
Tom seemed happy, but Mary didn't.
Boston is one of the largest cities I've ever visited.
Can you imagine Tom's reaction?
Tom asked me to stand up.
Boston is one of the largest cities I've ever been to.
Tom is frugal, but Mary isn't.
I'm the one who told Tom about what Mary did yesterday.
You don't seem particularly interested in doing that.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said he'd do.
Tom gave me a book to read on the plane.
You don't have to give a speech if you don't want to.
Tom is a better chess player than I expected.
Tom seemed to really enjoyed that.
Who's that beautiful girl who lives next door to you?
Can you tell Tom that I'm here?
Tom asked me to sit down.
We hope to reach the top of the mountain before dawn.
Tom is famous, but Mary isn't.
I'm the one who told Tom that he should read that book.
This is one of the best French restaurants in Boston.
Tom asked his father to buy him a new bicycle.
Tom drove around town, looking for Mary.
There's no way you'll be able to do that by yourself.
Tom has postponed his departure until Monday.
Tom should discuss that with Mary.
The restaurant where we ate last night was very good.
Does Tom look like he's lonely?
Tom asked me to kiss him.
Let me give you an example to illustrate what I mean.
Tom is creepy, but Mary isn't.
I'm the one who told Tom why he needed to go to Boston.
It'll take at least three weeks to finish doing this.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that today.
Tom doesn't want Mary to move to Boston.
I'm not going to do everything you've asked me to do.
Tom has never been in trouble his whole life.
Tom spent three days in Australia.
I'm going to help you as soon as I finish doing this.
Don't tell Tom where Mary went.
Tom asked me to find you.
I'm going to come back and help you as soon as I can.
Tom is cranky, but Mary isn't.
I've agreed to meet Tom in front of the school at 2:30.
I'm going to be out of town for at least three weeks.
Tom asked me if I knew how to drive a tractor.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get in trouble.
I'm going to be executed for a crime I didn't commit.
Tom has lost a lot of weight since last year.
Tom stayed in his room by himself.
I'm getting pretty good at programming in JavaScript.
Either Tom is wrong or Mary is.
Tom asked me to be quiet.
I'll help you do that after I've finished doing this.
Tom is clever, but Mary isn't.
If Tom and I don't hurry, we're going to be late again.
I wish I didn't have to share a room with my brother.
Tom asked me if I'd go to the beach with Mary.
Tom doesn't swim as often as he used to.
I want to know how long I should continue doing this.
Tom has called Mary three times this morning.
Tom took these pictures yesterday.
I think I have a good chance of winning the election.
Here's a picture of Tom and me.
Tom arrived here on foot.
I have trouble expressing my true feelings in French.
Tom is chubby, but Mary isn't.
If you like punk rock, you'll probably like Tom's band.
I have a lot of money, but I don't have many friends.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that with Mary.
Tom doesn't study as much as he used to.
I have a doctor's appointment at 2:30 this afternoon.
Tom has been doing that for over three years.
Tom tried to do that but couldn't.
I have a calendar hanging on the wall behind my desk.
Here's a picture of Tom skiing.
Tom and I aren't serious.
I had enough money to buy everything I wanted to buy.
Tom is bright, but Mary isn't.
If you think Tom is the one who did that, you're wrong.
I had enough money to buy everything I needed to buy.
Tom asked me if Mary could borrow my umbrella.
Tom doesn't seem to be as young as Mary.
I had a hard time making myself understood in French.
Tom has been a friend of mine for many years.
Tom wants to hire a new secretary.
I got my first chance to do that yesterday afternoon.
How are Tom and I doing so far?
Tom and I aren't experts.
I felt the train begin to move as soon as I sat down.
Tom is boring, but Mary isn't.
It started raining just as Tom and I were leaving home.
I don't want my parents to find out that I was drunk.
Tom ate all the candy he found in Mary's room.
Tom doesn't seem to be as picky as Mary.
I don't remember people's names as well as I used to.
Tom has a doctor's appointment today at 2:30.
Tom was John's roommate last year.
I don't really enjoy eating at expensive restaurants.
How good a chess player is Tom?
Tom always seems to here.
I don't really enjoy doing that as much as I used to.
Tom is biased, but Mary isn't.
Please don't tell anyone that Tom and I are doing this.
I don't mind eating after the children finish eating.
Tom became a billionaire when his father died.
Tom doesn't seem to be as happy as Mary.
I don't know what happened, but I intend to find out.
Tom had a date with Mary last Monday evening.
Tom was arrested, but Mary wasn't.
I don't know if I can do what you're asking me to do.
I advised Tom to stop drinking.
Tom advised us not to go.
I don't have the ability to finish the job by myself.
Tom is asleep, but Mary isn't.
Since Tom and I were tired, we decided to take a break.
I don't get as much sleep as my doctor says I should.
Tom came to Boston just about three years ago.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bored as I am.
I don't feel comfortable talking about this with you.
Tom got bored with teaching and changed jobs.
Tom was barefoot, but Mary wasn't.
I can't taste the difference between these two wines.
I agreed to accept Tom's offer.
Tom Jackson is the mayor.
I can't buy anything today. I left my wallet at home.
Tom is an experienced climber.
That's why Tom and I were absent from school yesterday.
I barely had enough money to pay my bills last month.
Tom came to the party with his new girlfriend.
Tom doesn't laugh as much as he used to.
Could you pick some flowers and put them in the vase?
Tom doesn't want Mary to know where he lives.
Tom was careless, but Mary wasn't.
You've changed so much that I hardly recognized you.
I agreed to ask Tom to do that.
These apples are for Tom.
You don't seem to be as forgetful as you used to be.
Tom is amused, but Mary isn't.
The voice I heard on the phone didn't sound like Tom's.
You don't have to wash the car if you don't want to.
Tom couldn't have done that without some help.
Tom doesn't go to the office on Mondays.
You don't have to say anything if you don't want to.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know what he'd done.
Tom was confused, but Mary wasn't.
We're going to figure out how to do that eventually.
I almost always agree with Tom.
That's what made Tom cry.
We're going to eventually figure out how to do that.
Tom is afraid, but Mary isn't.
Tom almost always eats breakfast, but Mary seldom does.
The police officers put on their bullet-proof vests.
Tom didn't get along well with his stepfather.
Tom doesn't go to his office on Mondays.
It doesn't really matter whether you do that or not.
Tom doesn't seem to be as successful as Mary.
Tom was finished, but Mary wasn't.
If you think I'm the one who did that, you're wrong.
I almost never hug Tom anymore.
Tell Tom why you're here.
I've had three different jobs since I got to Boston.
Tom is active, but Mary isn't.
Tom always makes sure he does what he's supposed to do.
I'm leaving tomorrow afternoon sometime before 2:30.
Tom didn't need to ask what needed to be done.
Tom doesn't get as jealous as Mary does.
I'm glad to hear that you had no problem doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as persuasive as Mary.
Tom was friendly, but Mary wasn't.
I'll tell you about what happened when you get here.
I asked Tom to drive Mary home.
Tell Tom to call me back.
I'll stay with you a bit longer if you'd like me to.
Tom is absent, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I are the only ones who aren't able to do that.
I'll need at least three weeks to get this job done.
Tom didn't seem to be as confused as Mary was.
Tom doesn't drink as much as he used to.
I'll let you know what's going on as soon as I know.
Tom doesn't seem to be as particular as Mary.
Tom was generous, but Mary wasn't.
I'll have to learn how to do that one of these days.
I can't make Tom laugh anymore.
Maybe Tom likes you, too.
I only had thirty dollars in my pocket at that time.
Tom is a self-taught musician.
Tom and I are the only ones who stayed awake all night.
I haven't had a lot of time to think about that yet.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intoxicated as Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to go hang gliding.
I had an opportunity to do that, but decided not to.
Tom doesn't seem to be as nervous as Mary is.
Tom was hesitant, but Mary wasn't.
I had a pain in my chest, so I went to the hospital.
I can't remember Tom's address.
Make Tom stop doing that.
I got rid of a lot of junk that I had in the garage.
Tom is a lot like his brother.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who know how to do that.
I don't want to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom doesn't seem to be as resourceful as Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that for him.
I don't want to eat Chinese food for dinner tonight.
Tom doesn't seem to be as interested as Mary.
Tom was homesick, but Mary wasn't.
I don't think you'll have the time to do that today.
I can't stand being around Tom.
Isn't that Tom's bicycle?
I don't think you understand what I'm trying to say.
Tom is a little on edge today.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who know how to do this.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that here.
Tom doesn't seem to be as trustworthy as Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to call the police.
I don't think I'll be in my office tomorrow morning.
Tom doesn't seem to be as curious as Mary is.
Tom was impolite, but Mary wasn't.
I don't think I'll be able to visit you next Monday.
I carried Tom suitcase for him.
Is Tom still in the cave?
I don't think I have any chance of getting that job.
Tom is a different person now.
Tom and I didn't know that we were supposed to do that.
I don't think I can do that any better than you can.
Tom doesn't want Mary to babysit his children.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he was leaving.
I don't pay much attention to those kinds of things.
Tom doesn't have a date for the Monday night.
Tom was obedient, but Mary wasn't.
I don't like the kind of music my father listens to.
I cut down a few trees for Tom.
Is Tom still in his room?
I don't like being kissed by women wearing lipstick.
Tom is a bit like his brother.
Tom and I have no idea what we're supposed to be doing.
I don't know how much time it'll take me to do that.
Tom drew a picture of Mary and gave it to her.
Tom didn't seem to be as greedy as Mary.
I don't have enough money yet to buy the car I want.
Tom didn't want Mary to say anything to John.
Tom was offended, but Mary wasn't.
I don't have any friends who are willing to help me.
I don't allow Tom to eat candy.
Is Tom still in Australia?
I didn't spend as much time studying as I should've.
Tom is John's former roommate.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who decided to do that.
I didn't have all the tools I needed to do that job.
Tom earned good money when he lived in Boston.
Tom didn't say anything for a long time.
I can't tell the difference between these two wines.
Tom didn't stop singing when we asked him to.
Tom was outraged, but Mary wasn't.
I can't remember where I bought this pair of gloves.
I don't care what Tom is doing.
I'm sure his name is Tom.
I almost never make mistakes when writing in French.
Tom hid his face in his hands.
Tom and his friends are in the living room watching TV.
I almost froze to death when I fell through the ice.
Tom eventually told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom can't do that as well as he used to.
How long does it take to get from Boston to Chicago?
Tom didn't seem to be as careful as Mary was.
Tom was prepared, but Mary wasn't.
You're the one who suggested that I do it that way.
I don't have to help Tom today.
I'm still upset with Tom.
You don't seem to be very interested in doing that.
Tom has noticed something odd.
Tom decided to ignore what Mary said and remain silent.
You don't seem to be doing what we asked you to do.
Tom expected Mary to show up Monday afternoon.
Tom can't be a young as you think he is.
What you're talking about happened a long time ago.
Tom claimed he shot the Mary in self-defense.
Tom was punctual, but Mary wasn't.
They didn't pay me as much as they said they would.
I don't know who Tom's boss is.
I'm going to forgive Tom.
The last time I went to Boston was three years ago.
Tom has never sheared a sheep.
Tom didn't seem to be as careless as Mary seemed to be.
Let's not carry so many suitcases on our next trip.
Tom got an opportunity to do that last Monday.
Tom came to school by taxi this morning.
If you're not here by 2:30, I'll leave without you.
Tom can't find a babysitter for Monday night.
Tom was reckless, but Mary wasn't.
I'm the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
I don't know why Tom is absent.
I wish Tom would kiss me.
I'm the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
Tom has just had an operation.
Tom didn't seem to be as confused as Mary seemed to be.
I'm going to come back and help you this afternoon.
Tom got tired of always eating the same thing.
Tom bought a shovel and gave it to Mary.
I'm going to be here for at least three more years.
Tom came all the way from Boston to see Mary.
Tom was reserved, but Mary wasn't.
I'm going to be heading back to Boston after lunch.
I don't like the way Tom talks.
I wasn't laughing at Tom.
I'm going drinking with some of my friends tonight.
Tom has finally paid his rent.
Tom didn't seem to be as creative as Mary seemed to be.
I'll try to pay what I owe by the end of the month.
Tom had an argument with one of his neighbors.
Tom asked me to teach Mary how to drive.
I'll try to finish doing my homework before dinner.
Tom asked his boss if he could go home early.
Tom was sleeping, but Mary wasn't.
I'll give you half of this sandwich if you want it.
I don't like the way Tom walks.
I tried to walk past Tom.
I'll be finished doing that by the end of the week.
Tom has been keeping a secret.
Tom didn't seem to be as doing what we asked him to do.
I'll be disappointed if you don't come to my party.
Tom has a new girlfriend every time I see him.
Tom asked me to look after his children.
I'd like to know how long you plan to be in Boston.
Tom asked Mary to visit John in the hospital.
Tom was stubborn, but Mary wasn't.
I we do that, we'll probably both end up in prison.
I don't mind lending Tom money.
I told Tom I'd help Mary.
I thought that it would be a waste of time do that.
Tom has been behaving weirdly.
Tom didn't seem to be as friendly as Mary seemed to be.
I promise you I'll do that today before I go home.
Tom asked me to go to a movie with Mary.
I have difficulty in making ends meet on my salary.
Tom asked Mary if he could watch TV with her.
Tom was thrilled, but Mary wasn't.
I have a thirty-year-old computer that still works.
I don't need to help Tom today.
I rarely see Tom anymore.
I have a backup plan in case something goes wrong.
Tom has a pair of black boots.
Tom didn't seem to be as gullible as Mary seemed to be.
I had expected something quite different to happen.
Tom has been hired to be our basketball coach.
Tom asked me if I'd be free next Monday.
I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.
Tom asked Mary if he could close the windows.
Tom was truthful, but Mary wasn't.
I got nervous when I saw a police car following me.
I don't share Tom's enthusiasm.
I put a blanket over Tom.
I got my first car when I was still in high school.
Tom has a buyer for his house.
Tom didn't seem to be as hesitant as Mary seemed to be.
I folded my clothes and put them into the suitcase.
Tom has been on his own since he was eighteen.
Tom asked Mary how her father was doing.
I don't yet know where I'm going to live next year.
Tom answered the door dressed in his pajamas.
Tom was unbiased, but Mary wasn't.
I don't usually say anything at our staff meetings.
I don't think Tom can help you.
I often do that with Tom.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that now.
Tom handed me a glass of wine.
Tom didn't seem to be as inspired as Mary seemed to be.
I don't think I can find the time to do that today.
Tom has been spending a lot of time in Boston.
Tom arrived here just a few minutes ago.
I don't think I can do what you're asking me to do.
Tom and Mary had a daughter together in 2013.
Tom was very desperate to do that.
I don't like sitting in the front of the classroom.
I don't think Tom has died yet.
I often buy food for Tom.
I don't like it when my mother kisses me in public.
Tom had to ask for some money.
Tom didn't seem to be as involved as Mary seemed to be.
I don't like fish very much and hardly ever eat it.
Tom has been to Boston at least once, I think.
Tom and his brother are extremely close.
I don't know how to speak French as well as you do.
Tom and Mary are coming to visit us tomorrow.
Tom was very reluctant to do that.
I don't have the time to play cards with you today.
I don't think Tom is bilingual.
I never do that with Tom.
I don't have enough money to buy the guitar I want.
Tom got stranded on an island.
Tom didn't seem to be as offended as Mary seemed to be.
I don't get along with the man who lives next door.
Tom has been to Boston more times than I have.
Tom and Mary had a son together in 2013.
I don't feel comfortable talking about my feelings.
Tom and I'll go hiking if the weather's good.
Tom wasn't arrested, but Mary was.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is committed.
I had fun talking to Tom.
I can't speak French. I can't speak English either.
Tom gave Mary his home number.
Tom didn't seem to be as outgoing as Mary seemed to be.
I can't speak French without making a few mistakes.
Tom invited Mary and me to go skiing with him.
Tom and Mary ate dinner at a restaurant.
I can't leave the house until my mother comes back.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who survived.
Tom wasn't as astonished as I was.
I can't decide whether to buy this one or that one.
I don't think Tom is competent.
I got a present from Tom.
I ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.
Tom found Mary's contact lens.
Tom didn't seem to be as prepared as Mary seemed to be.
By the time I got out of bed, it was mid-afternoon.
Tom is a lot smarter man than I first thought.
Tom and I'll help anyone who needs help.
You'll be late for the meeting if you don't hurry.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who did that.
Tom wasn't barefoot, but Mary was.
You never seem to be interested in going anywhere.
I don't think Tom is confident.
I got Tom to wash my car.
You never seem to be interested in doing anything.
Tom followed to Mary's advice.
Tom didn't seem to be as reckless as Mary seemed to be.
You don't seem to understand what's going on here.
Tom is one of the best French teachers I know.
Tom and I weren't the ones who got lost.
You don't seem to be interested in making friends.
Tom and I weren't really supposed to do that.
Tom wasn't careless, but Mary was.
You don't seem to be interested in going anywhere.
I don't think Tom is conscious.
I don't want to help Tom.
You don't seem to be interested in doing anything.
Tom encouraged me to go there.
Tom didn't seem to be as stubborn as Mary seemed to be.
You don't seem to be doing what I asked you to do.
Tom is one of the most optimistic guys I know.
Tom and I weren't the ones who did this.
You don't seem convinced that you need to do that.
Tom and I were the only ones who were hungry.
Tom wasn't confused, but Mary was.
You don't seem convinced that you have to do that.
I don't think Tom is dangerous.
I don't think Tom was in.
We're going to be evicted at the end of the month.
Tom dyed his old T-shirt blue.
Tom didn't seem to be as talented as Mary seemed to be.
We haven't been able to get permission to do that.
Tom is perhaps the only one who believes that.
Tom and I aren't going to do that again.
This is a picture of my uncle who lives in Boston.
Tom and I were the only ones who were absent.
Tom wasn't finished, but Mary was.
The restaurant we ate at last night was very good.
I don't think Tom is obstinate.
I don't need to call Tom.
The coach says he's going to cut me from the team.
Tom doesn't want Mary to work.
Tom didn't seem to be as thrilled as Mary seemed to be.
Please don't believe everything you hear about me.
Tom is taking a chemistry class this semester.
Tom and I aren't doing anything tonight.
My neighbors and I don't usually greet each other.
Tom and I were the only ones who didn't know.
Tom wasn't friendly, but Mary was.
My father wasn't home a lot when I was growing up.
I don't think Tom is organized.
I don't have to help Tom.
My doctor told me that I don't drink enough water.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know.
Tom didn't seem to be as tolerant as Mary seemed to be.
Luckily, I don't need to worry about that anymore.
Tom is the kind of guy that Mary would go for.
Tom and I are unlikely to do that today.
It took us more than three hours to get to Boston.
Tom and I are too busy right now to help you.
Tom wasn't generous, but Mary was.
It took us less than three hours to get to Boston.
I don't think Tom was barefoot.
I can't help Tom do that.
If you think that's going to happen, you're wrong.
Tom doesn't play golf anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be as troubled as Mary seemed to be.
If you don't hurry, you're going to be late again.
Tom is the only foreign student at our school.
Tom and I are going to be a little late.
I've been living in Boston for almost three years.
Tom almost never kisses his children anymore.
Tom wasn't homesick, but Mary was.
I'm the one who took out the garbage this morning.
I don't think Tom was confused.
I can't help Tom anymore.
I'm taking this book with me to read on the plane.
Tom doesn't know why I'm here.
Tom doesn't seem to be as careless as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to figure out how to do that eventually.
Tom isn't as interested in doing that as I am.
Tom always manages to get what he wants.
I'm going to do that first thing tomorrow morning.
This is where Tom and I were born and raised.
Tom wasn't obedient, but Mary was.
I'm going to be doing that early tomorrow morning.
I don't think Tom was involved.
I almost bumped into Tom.
I'll take you to Boston with me one of these days.
Tom doesn't know how to fight.
Tom doesn't seem to be as confused as Mary seems to be.
I'll give you whatever you want for your birthday.
Tom isn't the kind of person I thought he was.
Today, Tom and I aren't going to school.
I wouldn't want to have to do something like that.
They've hired Tom to be our basketball coach.
Tom wasn't offended, but Mary was.
I was able to get here in less than an hour today.
I don't think Tom was mistaken.
How good a skater is Tom?
I want to buy some magazines to read on the plane.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive.
Tom doesn't seem to be as creative as Mary seems to be.
I took a lot of pictures of the Statue of Liberty.
Tom isn't the only banjo teacher in this area.
This time Tom and I are very optimistic.
I think we need to find some other way to do that.
There's no way Tom is going to do that today.
Tom wasn't prepared, but Mary was.
I plan to sell my house as soon as I find a buyer.
I don't think Tom was offended.
How good a singer is Tom?
I need to go visit my brother who lives in Boston.
Tom didn't let me do anything.
Tom doesn't seem to be as decisive as Mary seems to be.
I have several friends who speak French very well.
Tom isn't very good at eating with chopsticks.
This is what Tom and I were waiting for.
I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing here.
The flowerpot broke when Tom tripped over it.
Tom wasn't punctual, but Mary was.
I have a lot of things that need to be done today.
I don't think Tom was prepared.
How good a dancer is Tom?
I have a few more things to do before I can leave.
Tom dated Mary in high school.
Tom doesn't seem to be as diligent as Mary seems to be.
I have a T-shirt just like the one you're wearing.
Tom left the room before I could say anything.
This is what Tom and I were looking for.
I had long hair and a beard when I was in college.
That's not what Tom and I were talking about.
Tom wasn't punished, but Mary was.
I got off of my motorcycle and took off my helmet.
I don't think Tom was stubborn.
Are those Tom's brothers?
I don't want to eat at this restaurant ever again.
Tom can come and live with us.
Tom doesn't seem to be as flexible as Mary seems to be.
I don't like it when people stand too close to me.
Tom likes Mary's idea better than John's idea.
The police officer put the cuffs on Tom.
I don't like carrots, so I don't usually eat them.
Some people say Tom and I are a little weird.
Tom wasn't stubborn, but Mary was.
I don't know how much time you'll need to do that.
I don't think Tom was truthful.
Why did Tom not do that?
I don't know how much time you'll have to do that.
Tom asked me where I was from.
Tom doesn't seem to be as friendly as Mary seems to be.
I don't have to get up as early as usual tomorrow.
Tom lived in Boston in when he was in college.
The cookies that Tom made were terrible.
I don't have enough money to buy the house I want.
Since both Tom and I were sick, we didn't go.
Tom wasn't truthful, but Mary was.
I don't carry much luggage when I travel by plane.
I don't think Tom will be busy.
We're not the same, Tom.
I didn't have enough time to do what I have to do.
Tom asked me where I was born.
Tom doesn't seem to be as gullible as Mary seems to be.
I can't make up my mind whether to do that or not.
Tom only needs one computer, but he has three.
That's what Tom and I were trying to do.
Even though it wasn't easy, I was able to do that.
Please don't tell anyone Tom and I were here.
Tom wasn't very talkative, was he?
You don't seem to be enjoying yourself very much.
I don't think Tom will be fair.
Tom's door was unlocked.
You don't seem to be aware of what we need to do.
Tom asked me if Mary was here.
Tom doesn't seem to be as homesick as Mary seems to be.
You don't seem to be aware of what we have to do.
Tom overheard Mary and John talking about him.
That's what Tom and I are worried about.
You don't seem particularly interested in sports.
One of Tom's students gave him that umbrella.
Tom went back to Boston last week.
You don't really want to do that with us, do you?
I don't think Tom will like me.
Tom's door isn't locked.
You don't really want to do that with me, do you?
Tom asked me if I'd help Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as immature as Mary seems to be.
Would you like for me to show you how to do that?
Tom plans to stay in Boston for several weeks.
That's not what Tom and I are afraid of.
We're going to get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
It's clear that Tom was the one who did that.
Tom went to the library with Mary.
There's no way I'll be able to do that by myself.
I don't understand Tom, either.
Tom worked hard all day.
Tell me exactly what you'd like me to do for you.
Tom asked if Mary was invited.
Tom doesn't seem to be as involved as Mary seems to be.
Mary shaves her legs three or four times a month.
Tom regretted doing that as soon as he did it.
Please don't tell Tom where we're going.
Mary is a good actress and she's quite beautiful.
It snowed every day Tom and I were in Boston.
Tom will be giving a speech today.
I've been living in Boston for about three years.
I don't usually agree with Tom.
Tom will do the talking.
I'm planning on going to the beach tomorrow, too.
Tom and I aren't kids anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be as outgoing as Mary seems to be.
I'm not very good at cooking, so I eat out a lot.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was lonely.
Let's go ask Tom and see what he thinks.
I'm not going to tell you how much the gift cost.
It looked like Tom wasn't enjoying the party.
Tom will go to Boston and Chicago.
I'm not always late, but I admit that I often am.
I don't want to help Tom today.
Tom went to his bedroom.
I'm hoping to get an opportunity to do that soon.
Tom and I aren't finished yet.
Tom doesn't seem to be as prepared as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to try a different technique next time.
Tom says he's going to give me another chance.
It seems Tom and I are in the same boat.
I'm going to do everything you've asked me to do.
It looked like Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Tom will leave for Boston at 2:30.
I'm going to do everything I've been asked to do.
I got Tom to carry my suitcase.
Tom was stabbed by Mary.
I'm going to be late for school if I don't hurry.
Tom always talks about Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to be as reckless as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to be in Boston for two or three years.
Tom should be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
If Tom is going to do that, I will, too.
I'm going to be asked to do that again, I'm sure.
Isn't this what Tom and I are supposed to do?
Tom will probably change his mind.
I'm going to arrive in Boston tomorrow afternoon.
I got a birthday card from Tom.
Tom was a schoolteacher.
I'm getting pretty good at playing the saxophone.
Tom always got what he wanted.
Tom doesn't seem to be as stubborn as Mary seems to be.
I'll take care of you if you get sick or injured.
Tom turned on lights when he entered the room.
I've decided to tell Tom how to do that.
I'll likely be in prison for the rest of my life.
Is that red car in front of your house Tom's?
Tom would never forget to do that.
I we do that, we'll probably both end up in jail.
I hope Tom can help me do that.
Tom touched Mary's hand.
I wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do.
Tom always asks where you are.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talented as Mary seems to be.
I only have one photograph of my father's father.
Tom wanted to get home as quickly as possible.
I've already told Tom what he should do.
I hope you're not late for school again tomorrow.
In those days, Tom and I were still students.
Tom's dog isn't very well trained.
I have absolutely no idea what's going to happen.
I introduced Tom to my parents.
Tom studies French, too.
I have absolutely no idea what I should be doing.
Tom almost never wears a suit.
Tom doesn't seem to be as thrilled as Mary seems to be.
I have a pretty good idea who broke your windows.
Tom warned Mary that that would likely happen.
I'm the one who told Tom not to do that.
I have a lot of things I need to do this morning.
If it rains tomorrow, Tom and I aren't going.
Tom's not a doctor. He's a lawyer.
I have a lot of things I need to deal with today.
I saw Tom reading Mary's diary.
Tom should take it easy.
I have a lot of things I have to do this morning.
Tom advised us to leave early.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tolerant as Mary seems to be.
I have a couple of friends who speak French well.
Tom was desperate to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I grew up on a small farm just outside of Boston.
I've decided to tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom's parents left him home alone.
I got up an hour earlier than usual this morning.
I should've agreed to help Tom.
Tom should just go away.
I got out of the bath and put my clothes back on.
Those hats are Tom's and mine.
Tom doesn't seem to be as troubled as Mary seems to be.
I go to school by bicycle even when it's raining.
Tom was hurt in the accident, but Mary wasn't.
I'm the one who inspired Tom to do that.
I don't think you're going to be able to do that.
I've decided to tell Tom about what happened.
What does Tom think Mary is doing?
I don't think you and I can do that by ourselves.
I think Tom is unaware of that.
Tom sees Mary every day.
I don't think doing that would be worth our time.
Tom hopped on his bike and pedaled as fast as he could.
I don't speak French well enough to get that job.
Tom was kicked out of school, but Mary wasn't.
I'm surprised Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I don't remember what my grandfather looked like.
I've already given Tom permission to do that.
What'll we do if Tom doesn't come.
I don't play the cello as well as I wish I could.
I told Tom to consult a lawyer.
Tom saw the burning car.
I don't like the color of the walls in my office.
My twin brother's name is Tom.
Tom is my neighbor, but I don't know him all that well.
I don't have to go back to Boston until tomorrow.
Tom was motivated to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I'm surprised Tom wasn't busy yesterday.
I don't have enough money to buy the coat I want.
I'm the one who wrote the song that Tom sang.
When Tom looked up, our eyes meet.
I don't have all the tools I need to do that job.
I told Tom to go to the police.
Tom said he was ashamed.
I don't go fishing much now, but I used to a lot.
Is Tom still in the classroom?
Tom is without a doubt a lot better skier than you are.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that again.
Tom was reluctant to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I'm rich, but I'm not as rich as Tom is.
I can't put up with your carelessness any longer.
I'm the one who told Tom about your accident.
Which guitars are Tom's and yours?
I can't juggle very well yet, but I'm practicing.
I told Tom to keep his promise.
Tom said he felt uneasy.
I can't do my job without an internet connection.
I'm the one who told Tom that.
Tom isn't sure what time the meeting is going to start.
I almost always get home from school before 5:30.
Tom wasn't desperate to do that, but Mary was.
I'm not as impressed as Tom seems to be.
I admitted I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I'm the one who told Tom about what happened.
Which helmets are Tom's and yours?
How old were you when you graduated from college?
I told Tom to lose some weight.
Tom said he felt lonely.
You know that isn't likely to happen, don't you?
I'm happy to know Tom is well.
Tom knew Mary wasn't the one who had broken the window.
You don't seem to be willing to do that anymore.
Tom wasn't motivated to do that, but Mary was.
I'm going to pick Tom up at the station.
You don't seem to be as busy as you usually are.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play poker.
Which jackets are Tom's and yours?
You don't have to go with me unless you want to.
I told Tom to talk to a lawyer.
Tom said he felt guilty.
It gets really hot and muggy here in the summer.
I'm going to help Tom do that.
Tom learned French from an old man in his neighborhood.
If you think I'm in love with you, you're right.
Tom wasn't reluctant to do that, but Mary was.
I'm going to do what Tom tells me to do.
If you think I'm going to do that, you're wrong.
I'm the one who helped Tom with his homework.
Which of these suitcases is Tom's?
I've tried to do that, but haven't been able to.
I washed Tom's clothes for him.
Tom said he felt better.
I'm the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
I'm going to do that with Tom.
Tom showed Mary the ring he was going to give to Alice.
I'm the one who planted the roses in our garden.
Tom went to see Mary when she lived in Boston.
I'll tell Tom about that when I see him.
I'm the one who needs to deal with this problem.
I'm the one who helped Tom break out of jail.
Why is Tom's bike in the backyard?
I'm going to try a different strategy next time.
I won't give my old car to Tom.
Tom said Mary was lying.
I'm going to get the chance to do that tomorrow.
I'm going to buy that for Tom.
Tom speaks French and of course he speaks English, too.
I'm going to do what I should've done yesterday.
Tom will be visiting Mary in Boston next week.
I'll be ready by the time Tom gets here.
I'm going to do that whether you like it or not.
I'm going to do everything I can to find Tom.
Didn't Tom tell you not to do that?
I'm going to do that later when I'm not so busy.
I wonder why Tom is so popular.
Tom repainted his house.
I'm going to do that first thing in the morning.
I'm going to ask Tom for help.
Tom started working as a plumber about three years ago.
I'm going to be in Boston next week on business.
Tom will come if he's free tomorrow afternoon.
I'd like to go to Tom's and talk to him.
I'm expecting that to happen sometime next week.
I'm going to be angry if Tom doesn't do that.
Do Tom and I have to do that again?
I'll give you a call as soon as I know for sure.
I'll be very sad if Tom leaves.
Tom really enjoyed that.
I'll be waiting for you in front of the station.
I'll have Tom do that for you.
Tom was enthusiastic about doing that, but Mary wasn't.
I'll be staying here in Boston for three months.
Tom won't be able do that without Mary's help.
I was surprised when Tom started crying.
I'll be ready to leave by the time you get here.
I'll be making more money than Tom this year.
Do Tom and I have to do that today?
I'd like to know how long you plan to stay here.
I'll be with Tom all afternoon.
Tom put the kids to bed.
I won't be able do that without somebody's help.
I wish I had a car like Tom's.
Tom was gone by the time we got there, but Mary wasn't.
I went to Boston a few times when I was younger.
Tom won't be home on Monday, but Mary will be.
I used to hang out with a guy named Tom.
I was careless and I got some paint on my shoes.
I won't do everything Tom has asked me to do.
Do Tom and I need to do that again?
I was absent last week because I had a bad cold.
I'll have Tom do that for Mary.
Tom purchased a handgun.
I think I have a good chance of getting elected.
I told Tom to see the dentist.
Tom was living in Boston when his parents got divorced.
I hope I'm going to have a good time doing that.
Tomorrow morning Tom and I are leaving Boston.
I told Tom to take my umbrella with him.
I have a very close relationship with my father.
I told Tom to save a little money each month.
Do Tom and I still have to do that?
I have a test tomorrow that I have to study for.
I'll meet Tom at 2:30 tomorrow.
Tom offered me an apple.
I have a grandson who's a senior in high school.
I told Tom to drink more milk.
Tom was surprised when he heard that Mary quit her job.
I have a few things I need to do this afternoon.
What are Tom and I supposed to be looking for?
I told Tom to not leave his door opened.
I got to school earlier than usual this morning.
I told Tom not to believe everything he read.
Do Tom and I still need to do that?
I got this scar on my cheek when I was thirteen.
I'm going to break up with Tom.
Tom offered me a banana.
I don't think I enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I told Tom to be more careful.
Tom was the one who was supposed to receive that money.
I don't like it when you criticize me in public.
What's wrong with Tom? He looks a little pale.
I told Tom he should go to the hospital.
I don't like it when people tells me what to do.
I should've told Tom not to agree to do that.
Do you really think Tom is unhappy?
I don't like drinking coffee out of a paper cup.
I've agreed to let Tom do that.
Tom must be very sleepy.
I don't know who wrote the graffiti on the wall.
I thought Tom was behind bars.
Tom's ex-girlfriend got married to Mary's ex-boyfriend.
I don't know any men who have both ears pierced.
You don't seem to be as claustrophobic as Tom.
I told Tom he should go to see a doctor.
I don't have enough money to buy the car I want.
I hope Tom doesn't try to do that by himself.
Does Tom look like he's having fun?
I don't have a dog now, but he used to have one.
I've never been in Tom's house.
Tom met Mary for brunch.
I don't eat vegetables that I don't grow myself.
I sent a birthday card to Tom.
Tom's mother hugged him and she told him she loved him.
I don't actually live within Boston city limits.
You don't seem to mind that Tom is doing that.
I told Tom he should buy a new computer.
I didn't gain as much weight as I thought I had.
I have a mandolin that look a lot like Tom's.
For a beginner, Tom is pretty good.
I can't put up with your bad manners any longer.
If Tom said that, he was lying.
Tom met Mary at a dance.
I can show you how to do that if you want me to.
I saw Tom holding Mary's hand.
Tom's mother told him to brush his teeth and go to bed.
I arrived in Boston at 2:30 yesterday afternoon.
You were the only one who could've helped Tom.
I saw Tom sitting by himself at the bar.
I almost forgot to put my passport in my pocket.
I hate Tom's hat. I also hate his sunglasses.
Here's a picture of Tom doing that.
I admit that I've never actually been to Boston.
Let Tom finish what he's doing.
Tom likes being at home.
Could you tell me what I'm supposed to be doing?
I packed Tom suitcase for him.
Tom's mother told him to look after his younger sister.
You know that's not going to happen, don't you?
You won't be able to keep Tom from doing that.
I hope Tom can help me do that tomorrow?
You don't seem to like anything I cook for you.
I got a call from Tom at 2:30 in the morning.
I admit I don't like Tom very much.
You don't seem to be aware of what's happening.
Let's ask Tom to give a speech.
Tom left Mary with John.
I often borrow tools from Tom.
Tom's uncle's wife's brother is a close friend of mine.
You don't seem to be able to do that very well.
You're the one who told Tom and me to do that.
I hope I don't have to do that with Tom.
You don't really think you can do that, do you?
I don't want to hear anything more about Tom.
I advised Tom to get more exercise.
Would you be disappointed if we didn't do that?
Let's go see what Tom is doing.
Tom left Mary last year.
Why didn't you eat the sandwich I made for you?
I need to explain that to Tom.
What'll happen to Tom if his parents are put in prison?
What's the distance between Boston and Chicago?
Here's a picture of Tom that was taken in 2013.
I have no idea when Tom need to do that.
We're going to find a way to do that, I'm sure.
I don't want to have anything to do with Tom.
I advised Tom to go to the dentist.
We're going to be late again if we don't hurry.
Perhaps Tom and I are to blame.
Tom knew Mary was drunk.
We rented an apartment when we lived in Boston.
I had my picture taken by Tom.
Would you like to see a picture of Tom and his new car?
This is a picture of the train that we were on.
How are Tom and I going to remember to do that?
I hate it when Tom does stuff like that.
The socks I'm wearing today have holes in them.
I don't want to do that as badly as Tom does.
I agreed to help Tom with his work.
The last time I went to Boston, it was snowing.
That girl might be Tom's niece.
Tom kept an eye on Mary.
The last time I was here, I slept on the couch.
I had difficulty locating Tom.
You don't seem to appreciate what Tom has done for you.
The floors have just been waxed, so be careful.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
I don't want to do anything to hurt Tom.
That's well worth the price they're asking for.
I don't want to discuss the problem with Tom.
I almost always eat lunch with Tom.
Someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
That's why Tom and I are going.
Tom isn't really asleep.
Mary is the most beautiful woman I've ever met.
I had a hard time finding Tom.
You don't seem to be as adventurous as Tom seems to be.
I'm the one who suggested that we take a break.
I advised Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I don't visit Tom as often as I used to.
I'm the one who suggested that we raise prices.
I don't understand what Tom is trying to say.
I almost told Tom that I loved him.
I'm not usually the one who feeds the chickens.
That's why Tom and I are happy.
Tom is upstairs reading.
I'm good at getting people to do things for me.
I had a big argument with Tom.
You don't seem to be as charismatic as Tom seems to be.
I'm going to try doing that your way next time.
I can't believe Tom isn't going to do anything.
I don't usually have to do that for Tom.
I'm going to have to figure out how to do that.
I don't understand what Tom expects me to do.
I called Tom three times yesterday.
I'm going to get there earlier than I expected.
That's why Tom and I were late.
Tom is tired of waiting.
I'm going to get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
I got a letter from Tom today.
You don't seem to be as competitive as Tom seems to be.
I'm going to arrive in Boston tomorrow morning.
I can't believe Tom really did that by himself.
I don't think Tom would let me kiss him.
I'll show you how to do that if you want me to.
I don't think that Tom would want to do that.
I can't bear to see Tom so unhappy.
I'll have my sister pick you up at the station.
The towel on the left is Tom's.
Tom is on a school trip.
I'll be ready to leave in about thirty minutes.
I got Tom to do that for Mary.
You don't seem to be as embarrassed as Tom seems to be.
I won't be able to finish doing this in a week.
I can't help wondering why Tom changed my mind.
I don't think Tom would let me help him.
I try never to be more than five minutes early.
I don't think Tom would allow you to do that.
I can't get Tom to quit doing that.
I think we need to find another way to do that.
Tom always eats breakfast here.
Tom is my wife's friend.
I think I've found the solution to the problem.
I don't want Tom to help Mary.
You don't seem to be as pessimistic as Tom seems to be.
I only had enough money to buy a few groceries.
I can't quite believe that Tom really did that.
I don't think Tom will buy that for you.
I left my parent's house right after breakfast.
I don't think Tom will permit you to do that.
I can't get Tom to stop doing that.
I have to stay home and take care of my mother.
Tom always sings in the shower.
Tom is my father-in-law.
I have an old pair of black boots you can have.
I don't think Tom was worried.
You don't seem to be as resourceful as Tom seems to be.
I hardly ever say "hi" to my neighbors anymore.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston all week.
I don't think Tom will be busy tomorrow.
I had enough time to do what needed to be done.
I don't think Tom will be able come tomorrow.
I can't imagine living without Tom.
I had enough money to buy what I wanted to buy.
Tom and I are going to do that.
Tom is like his brother.
I had enough money to buy what I needed to buy.
I don't think Tom was thirsty.
After Tom graduated from high school, he went to Boston.
I had bruises all over my body after the fight.
I don't know if Tom wants to go with us or not.
I don't think Tom was supportive enough.
I had an upset stomach after dinner last night.
I don't think Tom wants to do that right now.
I can't let Tom do that by himself.
I had a party when my parents were out of town.
Tom and I aren't very busy yet.
Tom is keeping a secret.
I had a lot of time to think about the problem.
I don't think Tom was tempted.
Although Tom and I were exhausted, we continued working.
I had a lot of things I needed to do yesterday.
I don't know the reason why Tom went to Boston.
I don't think Tom was respectful enough.
I had a headache so I took a couple of aspirin.
I don't think Tom is cut out to be a teacher.
I can't remember anything Tom said.
I had a few friends over for dinner last night.
Tom and I broke up a while ago.
Tom is just teasing you.
I had a chance to do that when I was in Boston.
I don't think Tom was sincere.
Could you please ask Tom if he's going to do that today?
I got up an hour later than usual this morning.
I don't know whether Tom likes red wine or not.
I don't think Tom is tempted to do that.
I got to the station just in time for my train.
I don't think Tom can help you do that today.
I couldn't persuade Tom to do that.
I got out of the car and ran into the hospital.
Tom and I'll be there together.
Tom is inside the house.
I got out of bed and quickly put on my clothes.
I don't think Tom was shocked.
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to be doing now?
I felt tired after working all day on the farm.
I don't like Tom and he doesn't like me either.
I don't think Tom is competitive enough.
I expected something quite different to happen.
I don't see any reason why Tom can't go, too.
I couldn't persuade Tom to help us.
I don't work as many hours a week as I used to.
Tom and Mary had a falling out.
Tom is honking his horn.
I don't want to go to the beach with you today.
I don't think Tom was serious.
I can't remember where Tom told me he hid the documents.
I don't understand how that couldn've happened.
I don't need to do that. Tom will do it for me.
I don't think Tom can do that that soon.
I don't think you should eat so much junk food.
I don't remember Tom's younger sister's name.
I didn't agree to help Tom do that.
I don't think that that'll happen anytime soon.
Tom asked if I liked Thai food.
Tom is having a tantrum.
I don't think it's a very good idea to do that.
I don't think Tom was present.
I didn't think Tom would be awake at this time of night.
I don't sleep as many hours a day as I used to.
I don't think I'll be awake when Tom gets home.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that.
I don't see any reason why I shouldn't do that.
I don't like it when Tom tells me what to do.
I didn't know Tom was here earlier.
I don't remember my parents ever yelling at me.
Tom asked me how he could help.
Tom is going into shock.
I don't really want to learn to how to do that.
I don't think Tom was pleased.
I didn't think Tom would be so interested in doing that.
I don't really need to learn to how to do that.
I don't think Tom should eat so much junk food.
I don't think I'd permit Tom to do that.
I don't often talk about these kinds of things.
I don't know whether Tom will be here or not.
I didn't know that Tom was adopted.
I don't necessarily have to go there by myself.
Tom asked me if I had a camera.
Tom is excited about it.
I don't like swimming in public swimming pools.
I don't think Tom was nervous.
I don't complain about things as often as Tom says I do.
I don't like doing that, but I'll do it anyway.
I don't think Tom was interested in doing that.
I don't think I need to worry about Tom.
I don't know whether I ought to do that or not.
I don't know when Tom is planning to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be asleep.
I don't have to go back to Boston until Monday.
Tom asked me to meet Mary here.
Tom is easily flattered.
I don't have the necessary skills for that job.
I don't think Tom was jealous.
I don't do anything without first asking Tom if it's OK.
I don't go to concerts as often as I'd like to.
I don't think Tom was the first one to do that.
I don't remember telling Tom to do that.
I don't eat desserts unless I make them myself.
I don't know exactly what time Tom is coming.
I didn't think Tom would be so fat.
I don't earn enough money to support my family.
Tom backed his car into a tree.
Tom is driving too fast.
I can't remember who I was supposed to talk to.
I don't think Tom was helpful.
I don't know if Tom can do what you're asking him to do.
I can't read music, so I play the piano by ear.
I don't think that Tom's concert was very good.
I don't really want to do that with Tom.
I can't figure out how to get this window open.
I don't have a car. I usually just use Tom's.
I didn't think Tom would be so old.
I can't carry all of these suitcases by myself.
Tom bought himself a new truck.
Tom is coming back soon.
I came to Boston a little over three years ago.
I don't think Tom was excited.
I don't know who Tom has decided to give his old car to.
I admitted I'd been doing that for a long time.
I don't think you can stop Tom from doing that.
I don't like very many of Tom's friends.
How old were you when you started working here?
I don't believe Tom would do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would be so sad.
You're going to eventually be able to do that.
Tom bought some sweet potatoes.
Tom is bound to be late.
You don't seem to understand what's happening.
I don't think Tom was curious.
I don't think Tom is as rich as most people think he is.
You don't seem to know what's going to happen.
I don't understand Tom's reluctance to do that.
You don't seem to know very much about Boston.
I didn't understand why Tom behaved that way.
I didn't think Tom would be so shy.
You don't seem to be willing to do that again.
Tom bought the books he needed.
Tom is an amateur boxer.
You don't seem to be aware of what's going on.
I don't think Tom was correct.
I don't think Tom is tall enough to reach the top shelf.
You don't have to go there unless you want to.
I felt Tom's forehead to see if he had a fever.
I don't like Tom as much as I like Mary.
You don't have to eat that unless you want to.
I didn't think Tom would be so disrespectful.
I didn't think Tom would get fired.
Would you like me to fry you a couple of eggs?
Tom calls me every day at 2:30.
Tom is a vicious killer.
Would you be disappointed if I didn't do that?
I don't think Tom was annoyed.
I don't think Tom was intentionally being disrespectful.
When I was your age, we had to walk to school.
I had a crush on Tom when I was in high school.
I don't know why Tom wanted us to leave.
We'll be really busy this afternoon, won't we?
I didn't charge Tom anything to mow his lawn.
I didn't understand what Tom meant.
This restaurant gets very crowded on weekends.
Tom can get away with anything.
Tom is a very brave man.
They didn't pay me as much as they'd promised.
I don't think Tom is thrilled.
I don't think Tom will be as busy as he thinks he'll be.
There are many Japanese restaurants in Boston.
I had to call Tom to get permission to do that.
I don't know where Tom put my suitcases.
The last time I went to Boston was in October.
I can't understand what Tom is trying to say.
I don't believe Tom is still alive.
Mary works as a cleaning lady in a restaurant.
Tom collects picture postcards.
Tom is a security guard.
Let me show you the pictures I took in Boston.
I don't think Tom is stubborn.
I don't think Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
It'll take us at least three weeks to do that.
I have a daughter that goes to school with Tom.
I don't know if Tom will be here or not.
It'll take me at least three weeks to do that.
I can't put up with Tom's whining any longer.
I don't ever sing with Tom anymore.
It looked like you weren't enjoying the party.
Tom did what Mary said he'd do.
Tom is a loving husband.
I've heard that taxis are expensive in Boston.
I don't think Tom is homeless.
I don't want Tom to buy me an expensive engagement ring.
I've been trying to figure out how to do that.
I have a hard time believing anything Tom says.
I don't know exactly what time Tom left.
I've been out of work for almost three months.
I can't forgive myself for what I did to Tom.
I don't hug Tom very often anymore.
I've been drinking, so I can't drive you home.
Tom didn't even recognize Mary.
Tom is a little strange.
I've agreed to do what they've asked me to do.
I don't think Tom is diabetic.
I heard Tom complain about the cost of living in Boston.
I'm the one who suggested that we not do this.
I have no idea when Tom is planning to do that.
I don't know anything about Tom's plans.
I'm the one who suggested that we leave early.
I can't buy what Tom wants me to buy for him.
I don't know if Tom is still alive.
I'm the one responsible for getting that done.
Tom died in the emergency room.
Tom is a horrible actor.
I'm not the one who usually washes the dishes.
I don't think Tom is barefoot.
I knew that Tom would bring his girlfriend to the party.
I'm going to have to find some way to do that.
I haven't gone camping with Tom in a long time.
I don't have to listen to what Tom says.
I'm going to do what I should've already done.
I can't believe Tom is really planning to go.
I don't know who taught Tom French.
I'm going to come back the day after tomorrow.
Tom drowned his neighbor's cat.
Tom is a divorce lawyer.
I'm going to be out of town until next Monday.
I don't think Tom is autistic.
I received a telephone call from Tom early this morning.
I'm going to be in Boston the week after next.
I know what Tom and I are supposed to be doing.
I don't have a car and neither does Tom.
I'm going to be gone by the time you get here.
I almost never do what Tom says I have to do.
I don't know why Tom is mad at you.
I'm going to be back in Boston tomorrow night.
Tom found a wallet in the park.
Tom is a coffee drinker.
I'll wait until you've finished your homework.
I don't think Tom is arrogant.
I told Tom he should come back home as soon as he could.
I'll never forget the first time I kissed you.
I should've advised Tom to stay away from Mary.
I don't go skin diving with Tom anymore.
I'll leave as soon as I've finished this work.
I advised Tom to take better care of himself.
I don't know why Tom won't help us.
I'll have plenty of time to do that next week.
Tom gave Mary a ride to school.
Tom hitched a ride home.
I'll give these tickets to whoever wants them.
I don't think Tom is annoying.
I told Tom he should come back home as soon as possible.
I'll get my sister pick you up at the station.
I shouldn't have agreed to help Tom find a job.
I don't go fishing as often as Tom does.
I'll be late for the meeting if I don't hurry.
I advised Tom to do that as soon as possible.
I don't like the way Tom treats me.
I'll ask my sister pick you up at the station.
Tom gave Mary his calling card.
Tom has three computers.
I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't enjoy it.
I don't know if Tom will come.
I told Tom he shouldn't borrow too much money from Mary.
I want to know how long you plan to stay here.
I told Tom he should take an umbrella with him.
I don't ever go skiing with Tom anymore.
I usually use a credit card when I buy things.
I advised Tom not to leave his door unlocked.
I don't really know how old Tom is.
I took a lot of pictures when I was in Boston.
Tom goes swimming every Monday.
Tom got very suspicious.
I think I'd enjoy spending some time with you.
I don't know Tom's girlfriend.
I told Tom he shouldn't leave his windows open at night.
I think I have a good chance of being elected.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe what Mary said.
I didn't want Tom to go home by himself.
I read a really interesting book last weekend.
I advised Tom not to buy Mary's old computer.
I don't really want Tom to do that.
I need to look that word up in the dictionary.
Tom got into the driver's seat.
Tom got very good at it.
I have trouble remembering my students' names.
I didn't tell Tom any of this.
I told Tom not to believe everything he read on the Web.
I have to do that even though I don't want to.
I told Tom he shouldn't go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think Tom would be sympathetic.
I have a pretty good idea who stole my wallet.
I admitted I did what Tom asked me not to do.
I don't really want Tom to help me.
I have a daughter who's married to a Canadian.
Tom got rich selling used cars.
Tom got very frustrated.
I have a car, but I don't drive it very often.
I didn't tell Tom any of that.
I watched Tom walk away and wondered where he was going.
I have a better chance of winning than you do.
I told Tom he shouldn't stay out late at night.
I didn't think Tom would be so thrilled.
I had enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I admit I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
I don't remember Tom's wife's name.
I had enough money to buy everything I needed.
Tom got teased a lot in school.
Tom got very frightened.
I had a rich uncle who left me a lot of money.
I didn't even try to help Tom.
I'll talk to Tom about this the first opportunity I get.
I had a party at my place last Monday evening.
I told Tom not to believe everything Mary says.
I didn't think Tom would be so thorough.
I had a lot of work to do yesterday afternoon.
How long are Tom and I supposed to stay here?
I don't see why Tom should do that.
I had a bloody nose and got blood on my shirt.
Tom got upset and began to cry.
Tom got very distracted.
I got to work earlier than usual this morning.
I can't let Tom do that again.
I'm going over to Tom's to tell him about what happened.
I got out of the bathtub and dried myself off.
I told Tom not to buy anything from that store.
I didn't think Tom would be so talented.
I got my girlfriend's name tattooed on my arm.
Here's a picture of Tom wearing a cowboy hat.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that.
I don't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom got wiser as he grew older.
Tom got very aggressive.
I don't want to go outside on a day like this.
I can't keep secrets from Tom.
I'm going to eat dinner with Tom and his family tonight.
I don't usually do my homework in the kitchen.
I told Tom not to go out after dark by himself.
I didn't think Tom would be so stubborn.
I don't understand your reluctance to do that.
Do you really think Tom is going to be there?
I don't think Tom is being sincere.
I don't understand why you want me to do that.
Tom has a long-time girlfriend.
Tom got here by bicycle.
I don't think that's what you should be doing.
I can't help you, but Tom can.
I'm nervous, but I don't think I'm as nervous as Tom is.
I don't think anything bad is going to happen.
I want to know how long Tom plans to stay here.
I didn't think Tom would be so ruthless.
I don't think I'll be doing that anytime soon.
Do Tom and I still need to do that right now?
I don't think Tom was disappointed.
I don't think I look anything like my brother.
Tom has been here all his life.
I don't think I can do that without your help.
I ate one of Tom's sandwiches.
I'm not the one who usually helps Tom with his homework.
I don't play the trumpet as well as I used to.
I wanted to ask Tom how he was able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so romantic.
I don't need to do this, but I enjoy doing it.
Do Tom and I need to come back here tomorrow?
I don't think Tom will be arrested.
I don't need to do that as often as I used to.
Tom has done some awful things.
Tom got along with Mary.
I don't like very many of my father's friends.
I asked Tom where he was from.
It's been three years since Tom and I've been to Boston.
I don't like talking about this kind of thing.
I went to Tom's apartment, but he wasn't there.
I didn't think Tom would be so reckless.
I don't like people who don't show up on time.
Do Tom and I have to stay in Boston all week?
I don't think Tom will be barefoot.
I don't like people to know that I can't swim.
Tom has made a fool of himself.
Tom earns a good living.
I don't like people to know that I can't read.
I asked Tom where he was born.
Let me show you some pictures of Tom when he was a baby.
I don't know yet what we'll be doing tomorrow.
I'll be playing guitar with Tom's band tonight.
I didn't think Tom would be so offended.
I don't have to go there if you don't want to.
Both of Tom's brothers are taller than he is.
I don't think Tom will be discreet.
I don't have as much patience as seem to have.
Tom has some decisions to make.
Tom drives an old truck.
I don't go hang gliding as often as I used to.
I almost never agree with Tom.
Please don't you think that Tom is a little old for you?
I don't get to Boston as often as I'd like to.
I'll have Tom call you the moment he gets back.
I didn't think Tom would be so impolite.
I don't always get here on time, but I try to.
Boston wasn't cold when Tom and I were there.
I don't think Tom will be forgiven.
I didn't need to take my shoes off, but I did.
Tom hit Mary with a frying pan.
Tom disobeyed my orders.
I didn't know when I was supposed to be there.
I almost drank from Tom's cup.
That happened three days after Tom got back from Boston.
I didn't know that wasn't supposed to do that.
I'll tell Tom that the first opportunity I get.
I didn't think Tom would be so generous.
I didn't have to take my shoes off, but I did.
You don't seem to be as conservative as Tom.
I don't think Tom will be prepared.
I didn't agree to do what they asked me to do.
Tom is a person we all respect.
Tom died later that day.
I can't go with you because I have a bad cold.
I almost didn't recognize Tom.
The last time Tom and I were in Boston was last October.
I can't go to the beach with you this weekend.
I'll try to get that done before Tom gets here.
I didn't think Tom would be so friendly.
I can't afford to send my children to college.
Yesterday Tom and I were caught in a shower.
I don't think Tom will be punished.
I admitted I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
Tom is a pretty good carpenter.
Tom didn't feel ashamed.
I admitted I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
I advised Tom to take the job.
This evening we're going over to Tom's house for dinner.
I admit I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I'm going to ask Tom for permission to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so diligent.
Don't you think you should slow down a little?
When Tom and I got home, we were very tired.
I don't think Tom will be thrilled.
You were the only one who could've helped me.
Tom is a professional magician.
Tom didn't even ask why.
You don't seem to understand what's going on.
I advised Tom to take a break.
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom wearing jeans.
You don't seem to be having such a good time.
I'm going to attend the meeting in Tom's place.
I didn't think Tom would be so creative.
You don't really want to eat with us, do you?
What Tom suggested yesterday was ridiculous.
I don't think Tom will like Boston.
Would you like to hang out together tomorrow?
Tom is a very impatient person.
Tom decided not to stay.
Why does everyone think I can do this but me?
I advised Tom to study harder.
Tom accidentally shot Mary when he was cleaning his gun.
Who'll take care of the dog while we're away?
I'm going to be eating dinner with Tom tonight.
I didn't think Tom would be so cheerful.
We're going to eventually find out the truth.
What Tom and I are doing is perfectly legal.
I don't think that Tom can do that.
We're going to be exhausted after doing that.
Tom is adopted, but Mary isn't.
Tom brought his brother.
We'll probably be really busy this afternoon.
I advised Tom to study French.
Tom aimed his rifle at the tiger and pulled the trigger.
We should probably head back to the campsite.
I'm going to have to ask Tom to do that for us.
I didn't think Tom would be so annoying.
We should be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
We all know that Tom used to live in Boston.
I don't want to ask Tom to help me.
Tom is an incredibly smart boy.
Tom become a missionary.
The bus I rode yesterday wasn't very crowded.
I advised Tom to stay at home.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who are going to do that.
The boss gave me permission to go home early.
I'm not as angry about this as Tom seems to be.
I didn't realize that Tom was tone deaf.
Some people like shoveling snow, but I don't.
Tom's dog likes Mary more that he likes him.
I don't want to go skiing with Tom.
Let's try that new restaurant on Park Street.
Tom is an incredibly smart man.
Tom became very worried.
It only took us three hours to get to Boston.
I advised Tom to learn karate.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who didn't pass the test.
It looked like you weren't enjoying yourself.
I'm not as upset about this as Tom seems to be.
I didn't know that Tom hated me so much.
I've been living in Boston since last spring.
Tom's dog is well behaved, but Mary's isn't.
I don't want to play golf with Tom.
I'm the one who usually take out the garbage.
Tom is careful, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very wealthy.
I'm the one who recommended that you do that.
I advised Tom to buy that car.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who know how to fix this.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to be here yesterday.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to sing harmony.
I didn't have the same problems Tom had.
I'm happy that I was able to do that for you.
Tom won't be able do that without your help.
I don't want to run into Tom today.
I'm going to try to do that before I go home.
Tom is curious, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very thirsty.
I'm going to need to do that sooner or later.
Have you forgotten who Tom is?
Tom and I've been friends since we were in kindergarten.
I'm going to figure this out sooner or later.
I'm the one who told Tom about Mary's accident.
I didn't expect Tom to be so thoughtful.
I'm going to do things the way you suggested.
Tom won't be able do that without some help.
I expected Tom to be more friendly.
I'm going to do that, but probably not today.
Tom is eager to see Mary again.
Tom became very puzzled.
I'm going to come back to Boston next summer.
Does Tom have a tennis racket?
Tom and Mary are getting married the day after tomorrow.
I'm going to be here for a couple more hours.
I've decided to tell Tom what we've been doing.
I didn't agree to go to Boston with Tom.
I'm definitely going to try doing that today.
Tom will be staying in Boston until October.
I got an unexpected visit from Tom.
I'll walk with you as far as the supermarket.
Tom is excited, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very popular.
I'll try to finish my homework before dinner.
Do Tom and I have to be there?
Tom and Mary met at the mall and went shopping together.
I'll never forget how nice you've been to me.
It sounds like Tom will be in Boston next week.
I can't understand why Tom got so angry.
I'll help you after I've finished doing this.
Tom went to Boston the day before yesterday.
I got talked into helping Tom move.
I'll feel better once I get something to eat.
Tom is furious, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very jealous.
I'll email you all the pictures I took today.
Are these books Tom's or mine?
Tom can still remember the first time he talked to Mary.
I'll be waiting for you in the lobby at 2:30.
It's a risk that Tom and I are willing to take.
I can't play the harmonica, but Tom can.
I'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom wasn't only one who volunteered to help.
I had a good time talking with Tom.
I'll be making more money than you this year.
Tom is going to need more time.
Tom became very grouchy.
I'll be back by Monday morning at the latest.
You didn't call Tom, did you?
Tom didn't seem to be as assertive as Mary seemed to be.
I'd be interested in learning how to do that.
Let's go over to Tom's and see what he's doing.
I can't believe Tom just suggested that.
I'd almost forgotten all about what happened.
Tom was told that he didn't need to do that.
I had fun with Tom and his friends.
I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't have to.
Tom is grouchy, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very excited.
I was told that I don't have to pay anything.
Why are you still mad at Tom?
Tom didn't seem to be as committed as Mary seemed to be.
I usually never borrow money from my friends.
Let's see if Tom wants to go to Boston with us.
Here's a picture of Tom giving a speech.
I think I have a good chance of being chosen.
Tom was told that he didn't have to do that.
I have a younger brother named Tom.
I hope you have a good excuse for being late.
Tom is healthy, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very curious.
I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing.
Which parking space is Tom's?
Tom didn't seem to be as competent as Mary seemed to be.
I have absolutely nothing I need to do today.
None of Tom's friends want to do that with him.
Don't believe all the stories about Tom.
I have absolutely nothing I have to do today.
Tom was the one who gave Mary that nickname.
I have no idea what Tom looks like.
I have absolutely no idea what I ought to do.
Tom is helpful, but Mary isn't.
Tom became very annoyed.
I have a tattoo of an anchor on my right arm.
Which pair of shoes is Tom's?
Tom didn't seem to be as conceited as Mary seemed to be.
I have a pain in my big toe on my right foot.
Please don't believe all the stories about Tom.
Do you remember where you first met Tom?
I have a lot of things I need to do tomorrow.
Tom was the one who convinced me to do that.
I have no idea where Tom does that.
I have a lot of things I have to do tomorrow.
Tom is just over six feet tall.
Tom baked these cookies.
I have a friend whose mother is an architect.
Tom's lunchbox is in the car.
Tom didn't seem to be as concerned as Mary seemed to be.
I have a brother who's a construction worker.
That's what Tom and I are really worried about.
Do Tom and I have to pay for everything?
I hate it when helicopters fly over my house.
Tom was the last person to leave the office.
I have to help Tom. He's my friend.
I had a fairly good job until I got laid off.
Tom is kind of weird, isn't he?
Tom ate lunch with Mary.
I got pulled over by the police for speeding.
Tom's favorite food is pizza.
Tom didn't seem to be as confident as Mary seemed to be.
I got out of the shower and dried myself off.
That's what Tom and I are supposed to be doing.
Actually, that's why Tom and I are here.
I got home yesterday afternoon at about 2:30.
Tom was sitting over there not too long ago.
I haven't talked to Tom about that.
I go to school by bicycle even on rainy days.
Tom is married, but Mary isn't.
Tom asked Mary to hurry.
I don't want to hang out with you guys today.
Tom's dog followed Mary home.
Tom didn't seem to be as depressed as Mary seemed to be.
I don't usually do my homework before dinner.
That's what Tom and I were afraid would happen.
You're the one who told Tom to do that.
I don't think you're allowed to do that here.
Tom was relieved to hear that Mary was safe.
I just saw Tom last week in Boston.
I don't think you'll ever be able to do that.
Tom is more flexible than Mary.
Tom and I are in Boston.
I don't think we have enough time to do that.
Tom wouldn't let me kiss him.
Tom didn't seem to be as desperate as Mary seemed to be.
I don't think the post office are open today.
The clothes Tom has on don't fit him very well.
You should do what Tom and I are doing.
I don't think I'll be in my office on Monday.
Tom was only one who volunteered to help me.
I saw Tom the day before yesterday.
I don't think I'll be at home this afternoon.
Tom is my older daughter's son.
Tom and I are convinced.
I don't speak French as well as my wife does.
Tom would never dye his hair.
Tom didn't seem to be as exhausted as Mary seemed to be.
I don't remember my parents ever spanking me.
The police found Tom hiding in Mary's basement.
You don't seem to be as patient as Tom.
I don't remember how much I drank last night.
Tom was much faster at doing that than Mary.
I should've advised Tom to do that.
I don't really enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Tom is nervous, but Mary isn't.
Tom also studies French.
I don't need to go to Boston until next week.
Tom went to the movies alone.
Tom didn't seem to be as flustered as Mary seemed to be.
I don't listen to classical music very often.
The shirt Tom is wearing is the one I gave him.
You don't seem to be as excited as Tom.
I don't like to eat where people are smoking.
Tom was at Mary's house on Monday afternoon.
I should've told Tom where to stay.
I don't like the neighborhood that I live in.
Tom is on his way to Australia.
This package is for Tom.
I don't like doing that as much as I used to.
Tom went to Mary's apartment.
Tom didn't seem to be as impatient as Mary seemed to be.
I don't have the necessary skills to do that.
This is the hospital where Tom and I were born.
You don't seem to be as busy as Tom is.
I don't have much interest in outdoor sports.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't eat meat.
I talked to Tom about that already.
I don't have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tom is patient, but Mary isn't.
This is Tom's briefcase.
I don't go hang gliding as much as I used to.
Tom went back to the library.
Tom didn't seem to be as impressed as Mary seemed to be.
I don't come to Boston as often as I used to.
Tom always seems to be laughing and having fun.
Which of these tennis rackets is Tom's?
I didn't have my camera with me at that time.
Tom turned off lights when he left the room.
I thought Tom and you were friends.
I didn't have any trouble climbing that tree.
Tom is pleased, but Mary isn't.
That isn't Tom's, is it?
I didn't even know that what I did was wrong.
Tom wasn't shy, but Mary was.
Tom didn't seem to be as intrigued as Mary seemed to be.
I can't speak French without making mistakes.
Tom and I are going to Boston for a conference.
When are Tom and I supposed to do that?
I can't put up with your behavior any longer.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Monday night.
I told Tom he should get some rest.
I can't figure out how to get this door open.
Tom is present, but Mary isn't.
Tell Tom where you live.
I admitted I didn't do what I promised to do.
Tom wasn't out, but Mary was.
Tom didn't seem to be as irritated as Mary seemed to be.
I admitted I did what I'd promised not to do.
Tom and I are the only ones who didn't do that.
What else are Tom and I supposed to do?
I admit I've been doing that for a long time.
Tom spends too much time in front of the TV.
I told Tom he should stop drinking.
Boston is the largest city I've ever been to.
Tom is psyched, but Mary isn't.
Is that briefcase Tom's?
You're the one who suggested that I do this.
Tom wasn't mad, but Mary was.
Tom didn't seem to be as miserable as Mary seemed to be.
You don't seem to be interested in politics.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who can do that.
What do you mean Tom isn't in his room?
You don't seem like you're much happier now.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of the TV.
I visited Tom when I was in Boston.
You don't seem interested in making friends.
Tom is psychic, but Mary isn't.
Is that black bag Tom's?
You don't really want to live there, do you?
Tom washed his dog yesterday.
Tom didn't seem to be as motivated as Mary seemed to be.
You don't have to make up my mind right now.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who can do this.
What are Tom and I supposed to do next?
Would you mind helping me carry these boxes?
Tom seems to have had a good time in Boston.
I want to ask Tom how he does that.
Would you like for me to carry that for you?
Tom is retired, but Mary isn't.
We've been told not to do that by ourselves.
Tom was shy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as observant as Mary seemed to be.
We're going to need all the help we can get.
Tom and I used to spend a lot of time together.
We should ask Tom to play drums for us.
We'll go to the beach if it's nice tomorrow.
Tom seems to be having the time of his life.
I was surprised that Tom was there.
We'll be ready to start building in October.
Tom is selfish, but Mary isn't.
Is Tom still in his car?
We stayed in an inexpensive hotel in Boston.
Tom was out, but Mary wasn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as obstinate as Mary seemed to be.
We have a vegetable garden behind our house.
Tom and I were the only ones who got here late.
We all saw Tom push Mary into the pool.
We got up early so we could see the sunrise.
Tom said it didn't look like Mary was tired.
I'd never seen Tom so angry before.
We arrived in Boston in the early afternoon.
Tom is strange, but Mary isn't.
I've agreed to help Tom.
That's something I'm not very good at doing.
Tom was mad, but Mary wasn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as organized as Mary seemed to be.
That must've happened while I was in Boston.
Tom and I were the only ones who knew about it.
Tomorrow Tom and I are going to Boston.
Mary is my third daughter's oldest daughter.
Tom said he'd be willing to help us do that.
I'd never seen Tom so upset before.
Luckily, I don't need to go there by myself.
Tom is studying graphic design.
I'm the one who hit Tom.
I've decided I'm the one who should do that.
Tom was in Boston in October.
Tom didn't seem to be as perplexed as Mary seemed to be.
I'm the one who said we should take a break.
Tom and I were told three hours ago to do that.
Tom's shoes are new, but Mary's aren't.
I'm the one who makes coffee in the morning.
Tom said he wouldn't mind doing that for us.
I'll ask Tom if he's going to come.
I'm the one who knows what needs to be done.
Tom is terrified of his father.
I'm going to assist Tom.
I'm likely to get into trouble if I do that.
Tom was fired this afternoon.
Tom didn't seem to be as reluctant as Mary seemed to be.
I'm hoping to get an opportunity to do that.
Tom and I've been friends for a very long time.
Tom's memory seems to be getting worse.
I'm going to try to do that again next year.
Tom said he wouldn't mind doing that for me.
I'll be meeting Tom in three hours.
I'm going to try doing that again next year.
Tom is the father to the bride.
I'll leave if Tom comes.
I'm going to need to get used to doing that.
Tom was correct. Mary wasn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as skeptical as Mary seemed to be.
I'm going to have to get used to doing that.
Tom and Mary are giving a party Monday evening.
Tom's friends think he's a bit strange.
I'm going to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom said Mary didn't look that upset to him.
I'll be surprised if Tom does that.
I'm going to do that the way you told me to.
Tom is the only person I trust.
I told Tom I hated Mary.
I'm going to do that no matter what you say.
Tom tried to protect himself.
Tom didn't seem to be as surprised as Mary seemed to be.
I'm going to be out of town for a few weeks.
Tom and Mary have been married for a long time.
Tom's boss refused to give him a raise.
I'm going to be appearing on TV next Monday.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was busy.
I'm surprised Tom isn't here today.
I'm going to be a college student next year.
Tom is thirsty, but Mary isn't.
I often do that for Tom.
I'm going to Boston next week for a meeting.
Tom tore his shirt on a nail.
Tom didn't seem to be as talkative as Mary seemed to be.
I'm getting to be pretty good at doing that.
Tom and Mary spent all Monday morning together.
Tom won't be able to get there on time.
I'm getting a lot better at speaking French.
Tom said I didn't look much older than Mary.
I'm the one who helped Tom do that.
I'm already old enough to do that by myself.
Tom is watching baseball on TV.
I know we can trust Tom.
I'm already big enough to do that by myself.
Tom told me to behave myself.
Tom didn't seem to be as terrified as Mary seemed to be.
I'll try to remember to remind you tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her umbrella.
Tom will be going to Boston in October.
I'll look after your cats while you're away.
Tom said I didn't look much like my brother.
I've agreed to help Tom find a job.
I'll be really disappointed if that happens.
Tom is wealthy, but Mary isn't.
I knew Tom wouldn't cry.
I'll be out of the office until next Monday.
Tom stopped and looked at me.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ambitious as Mary seems to be.
I'll be giving a speech in Boston on Monday.
Tom asked me if Mary could go home early today.
Tom will be doing that, but Mary won't.
I won't do everything you've asked me to do.
Tom never eats eggs without salt and pepper.
I've invited Tom to our party, too.
I usually only travel with carry-on luggage.
Tom is worried, but Mary isn't.
I don't want to hug Tom.
I think it would be a waste of time do that.
Tom stole some stuff from me.
Tom doesn't seem to be as assertive as Mary seems to be.
I shouldn't have agreed to be there by 2:30.
Tom asked me to tell Mary why I didn't do that.
Tom went to live with his grandparents.
I hope I can make it to Boston this weekend.
Tom must've been the one who told Mary that.
Please don't you think Tom is cute?
I have no idea when I'm supposed to do that.
Tom isn't adopted, but Mary is.
I don't want Tom's pity.
I have absolutely no idea what I need to do.
Tom sits next to me in class.
Tom doesn't seem to be as committed as Mary seems to be.
I have absolutely no idea what I have to do.
Tom asked me to wait here until Mary came back.
Tom went straight home after the party.
I have a wife and three children to support.
Tom missed the bus he was planning to catch.
That's what Tom and I are here for.
I have a son who's used to be a firefighter.
Tom isn't as afraid as Mary is.
I don't want Tom to cry.
I have a sister who really likes spicy food.
Tom says he feels better now.
Tom doesn't seem to be as competent as Mary seems to be.
I have a master's degree in music education.
Tom checked his gun to make sure it was loaded.
Tom watched cartoons with his children.
I have a lot of homework to do this evening.
Tom may have another cookie if he wants one.
The boy Mary is speaking to is Tom.
I have a car, but I don't use it very often.
Tom isn't as committed as I am.
I don't see much of Tom.
I had enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom said something was wrong.
Tom doesn't seem to be as conceited as Mary seems to be.
I had enough time to do what I wanted to do.
Tom didn't wake up until 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom wasn't disrespectful, but Mary was.
I had enough time to do what I needed to do.
Tom left the gate open and his dog ran away.
These books are all Tom's and mine.
I had enough money to buy what I had to buy.
Tom isn't as confident as I am.
I don't hug Tom anymore.
I had all the tools I needed to do that job.
Tom said he was very nervous.
Tom doesn't seem to be as concerned as Mary seems to be.
I had a wonderful time when I was in Boston.
Tom didn't want to talk about his wife's death.
Tom was wearing shoes, but Mary wasn't.
I had a lot of things I had to do yesterday.
Tom knows what Mary is supposed to be doing.
Tom advised me to accept the offer.
I had a little too much to drink last night.
Tom isn't as easygoing as I am.
I came here to help Tom.
I grew up on a farm not too far from Boston.
Tom said he saw Mary do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as confident as Mary seems to be.
I got to work later than usual this morning.
Tom doesn't get along well with his stepfather.
Tom was uncomfortable, but Mary wasn't.
I got my ears pierced when I was a teenager.
Tom just stood there and didn't say a thing.
Tom always believes what Mary says.
I got kicked out of school three months ago.
Tom isn't as forgetful as I am.
I can't get Tom to stop.
I got blamed even though it wasn't my fault.
Tom said he felt very sleepy.
Tom doesn't seem to be as depressed as Mary seems to be.
I got back in my car and started the engine.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know where he's going.
Tom was told that he shouldn't do that.
I don't want my parents to know I got drunk.
Tom isn't motivated to do that, but Mary is.
Tom always carries a book with him.
I don't think there's any way I can do that.
Tom isn't as motivated as I am.
I almost never call Tom.
I don't think it'll be that easy to do that.
Tom said he felt very lonely.
Tom doesn't seem to be as desperate as Mary seems to be.
I don't think I've bought everything I need.
Tom feels better now that he's taking medicine.
Tom was told that he needed to do that.
I don't think I'll be in Boston next winter.
Tom isn't in the kitchen or the living room.
Tom always complains about weather.
I don't think I can swim as well as you can.
Tom isn't as observant as I am.
I advised Tom not to go.
I don't see any reason why I should do that.
Tom said he felt very guilty.
Tom doesn't seem to be as exhausted as Mary seems to be.
I don't really want to know what's going on.
Tom finally succeeded in getting the door open.
Tom was the one who convinced me to go.
I don't often drink coffee in the afternoon.
Tom isn't desperate to do that, but Mary is.
Tom and I are quicker than you are.
I don't like most of the people I work with.
Tom isn't as organized as I am.
How good a skier is Tom?
I don't like many of the people I work with.
Tom said he felt responsible.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impatient as Mary seems to be.
I don't like either volleyball or badminton.
Tom goes drinking every weekend we his friends.
Tom was supposed to do that in October.
I don't know what to do with all this stuff.
Tom isn't as hesitant to do that as Mary is.
Tom and I aren't in danger, are we?
I don't know how to speak to young children.
Tom isn't curious, but Mary is.
I don't know how things turned out this way.
Tom said he felt overwhelmed.
Tom doesn't seem to be as important as Mary seems to be.
I don't have enough money to buy that house.
Tom has agreed to babysit the children tonight.
Tom was sitting over there all morning.
I don't have any interest in art whatsoever.
Tom isn't a difficult child to take care of.
Tom and I aren't likely to be late.
I don't have a ticket for tonight's concert.
Tom isn't excited, but Mary is.
Are these pencils Tom's?
I don't go swimming as often as I'd like to.
Tom said he felt manipulated.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impressed as Mary seems to be.
I don't enjoy swimming as much as I used to.
Tom has been doing that for a really long time.
Tom was disrespectful, but Mary wasn't.
I didn't think you'd really want to do that.
Tom is young enough to buy a child's ticket.
Tom and I aren't really interested.
I didn't think it would get this cold today.
Tom isn't going to leave today.
Why are Tom and I here?
I didn't get to school on time this morning.
Tom said he felt lightheaded.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impulsive as Mary seems to be.
I can't really see anything from where I am.
Tom has been doing that for almost three years.
I can't play the piano as well as I used to.
Tom is wearing a T-shirt and a baseball cap.
Tom and I were alone on the island.
I can't figure out how to get this box open.
Tom isn't grouchy, but Mary is.
Which bicycle is Tom's?
I can't believe you don't really like pizza.
Tom said he felt intimidated.
Tom doesn't seem to be as irritated as Mary seems to be.
I came to Boston just about three years ago.
Tom has been my best friend since kindergarten.
Tom warned Mary that that would happen.
I brush my teeth at least three times a day.
Tom is usually on time for his appointments.
Tom and I'll go to Boston together.
I almost forgot to take an umbrella with me.
Tom isn't healthy, but Mary is.
Tom will soon be a man.
I admitted I didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom said he felt embarrassed.
Tom doesn't seem to be as miserable as Mary seems to be.
Do you remember the first time you did that?
Tom has been staying at my place since October.
Tom told us that we should leave early.
Boston is one of the places I want to visit.
Tom is throwing a party next Monday evening.
Tom and John used to room together.
You don't seem to be willing to compromise.
Tom isn't home. He's at school.
Tom was very sarcastic.
You don't seem to be aware of the problems.
Tom said he felt comfortable.
Tom doesn't seem to be as motivated as Mary seems to be.
You don't need to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom has finished doing what we asked him to do.
You don't look like either of your parents.
Tom is the only one who's already done that.
Tom asked Mary to do that with him.
Would you like for me to give you a chance?
Tom isn't married, but Mary is.
Tom was very dishonest.
Would you like for me to explain it to you?
Tom said he felt a bit woozy.
Tom doesn't seem to be as observant as Mary seems to be.
When do you plan to come home this evening?
Tom is convinced that Mary is going to do that.
Tom tends to overeat when he's worried.
We took turns driving on the way to Boston.
Tom is the one who usually weeds the garden.
Tom asked me if Mary could do that.
There are so many things that I want to do.
Tom isn't nervous, but Mary is.
Tom was the ringleader.
The last time I went to Boston was in 2013.
Tom said he felt a bit tired.
Tom doesn't seem to be as obstinate as Mary seems to be.
It'll take at least three weeks to do that.
Tom is convinced that Mary no longer loves him.
Tom should take better care of herself.
It looked like you weren't having much fun.
Tom is taking a biology class this semester.
Tom asked me to stay away from him.
I've done that more times than I can count.
Tom isn't outside, but Mary is.
Tom wants Mary to stay.
I've been to Boston twice and Chicago once.
Tom said I didn't look tired.
Tom doesn't seem to be as organized as Mary seems to be.
I'm usually the one who feeds the chickens.
Tom is going to visit Mary in Boston next week.
Tom seemed really concerned about Mary.
I'm the one who puts the children to sleep.
Tom is supposed to be here tomorrow morning.
Tom baked an apple pie for dessert.
I'm the one who broke the window yesterday.
Tom isn't retired, but Mary is.
Tom walked very slowly.
I'm not in the mood for Chinese food today.
Tom quickly ran out of money.
Tom doesn't seem to be as skeptical as Mary seems to be.
I'm hoping I get an opportunity to do that.
Tom is in his bedroom, cleaning out his closet.
Tom said he felt extraordinarily happy.
I'm gradually getting better at doing that.
Tom is supposed to be doing that by himself.
Tom bought three tickets to Boston.
I'm going to try to do that this afternoon.
Tom isn't selfish, but Mary is.
Tom walked three miles.
I'm going to try to do that sometime today.
Tom pushed me out of his way.
Tom doesn't seem to be as terrified as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to get an opportunity to do that.
Tom is in love with woman who doesn't love him.
Tom said Mary didn't look very relaxed.
I'm going to do whatever you tell me to do.
Tom is still wearing that coat you gave him.
Tom called Mary early this morning.
I'm going to do whatever I can to help you.
Tom isn't serious, but Mary is.
Tom told Mary to hurry.
I'm going to do that the way you taught me.
Tom packed his bags and left.
Tom drives an old pick-up that his grandfather gave him.
I'm going to do that the way you suggested.
Tom is probably either in Boston or in Chicago.
Tom said Mary didn't look very healthy.
I'm going to do that the way you showed me.
Tom is motivated to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom carried in a box full of books.
I'm going to do that as soon as I get home.
Tom isn't thirsty, but Mary is.
Tom slept on the plane.
I'm going to be in my office all afternoon.
Tom nodded and left the room.
Tom has already spent all the money his father gave him.
I'm going to be busy most of the afternoon.
Tom is really angry that he didn't get a raise.
Tom said Mary didn't look tired to him.
I'm going to Boston to live with my father.
Tom is marrying Mary the day after tomorrow.
Tom comes here almost every Monday.
I'm getting a lot better at reading French.
Tom isn't wealthy, but Mary is.
I'm a little bit tired, so I won't do that.
Tom needs to talk his lawyer.
Tom is expecting Mary to come back to Boston next month.
I'll wait here until you're ready to leave.
Tom is taking a chemistry course this semester.
Tom said Mary didn't look happy to him.
I'll try to get that done before I go home.
Tom is in bed because he's not feeling well.
Tom did his homework before dinner.
I'll take you to the zoo one of these days.
Tom isn't worried, but Mary is.
Tom seems to be groggy.
I'll probably get fired if I don't do that.
Tom may not be in Boston now.
Tom is glad that that's going to happen, but Mary isn't.
I'll never forget the first time I saw you.
Tom is the one who caused us a lot of problems.
Tom said I didn't look like my brother.
I'll give you this notebook if you want it.
Tom is going to let Mary borrow his bicycle.
Tom didn't even open Mary's letter.
I'll give you the money I owe you tomorrow.
Tom just doesn't understand me.
Tom seemed happy to me.
I'll give you a call as soon as I get home.
Tom may have left for Boston.
Tom might go to the Boston with Mary this coming Monday.
I'll get this back to you as soon as I can.
Tom is trying to figure out how to do that now.
Tom said I didn't look like a beginner.
I'll be staying at least until next Monday.
Tom is desperate to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom died on his thirtieth birthday.
I'll be out of the office until about 2:30.
Tom killed himself last summer.
Tom said he was lonely.
I'll be in Boston for a few days next week.
Tom may do anything he wants.
Tom quite often forgets to put his wallet in his pocket.
I'll be in Boston about this time tomorrow.
Tom isn't making much money at his current job.
Tom repaints his house every ten years.
I'll be here for at least three more years.
Tom is definitely the right man for the job.
Tom does what Mary tells him to do.
I'll be arriving by train tomorrow evening.
Tom listened carefully to Mary.
Tom said he felt woozy.
I wish we could eat Chinese food every day.
Tom looks like he's in agony.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was enjoying herself.
I wasn't able to get the children to laugh.
Tom knew Mary wasn't the one who had done that.
Tom refused to let me help him do that.
I wasn't able to get permission to do that.
Tom is definitely the right guy for the job.
Tom does whatever needs to be done.
I was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom lived here his entire life.
Tom said he felt lucky.
I think we're going in the wrong direction.
Tom left Mary and John alone.
Tom said the woman in the picture didn't look like Mary.
I think I'm going to need to do that again.
Tom liked action movies when he was a teenager.
Tom promised Mary he'd do that for her.
I stayed in bed and watched TV all morning.
Tom is always early and Mary is always late.
Tom doesn't want Mary to come here.
I regretted doing that as soon as I did it.
Tom lives in a beautiful house.
Tom said he felt hated.
I knew it would be a waste of time do that.
Tom knows a lot of shortcuts.
Tom showed Mary the ring he's planning to give to Alice.
I hope I'm not late for school again today.
Tom lives in a log cabin that he built himself.
Tom never gets as grouchy as Mary does.
I have all the tools I need to do that job.
Tom is a better French speaker than Mary is.
Tom dropped his phone and broke it.
I have absolutely no idea what I should do.
I have a sister who's a pretty good artist.
Tom isn't upset, but Mary is.
Tom spends a lot of time sitting in front of a computer.
I have a doctor's appointment this morning.
Tom looked at his watch and then back up at me.
Tom loves Mary more than she loves him.
I had all of my suits sent to the cleaners.
Tom intended to do that, but wasn't able to.
Tom fell asleep in front of the TV.
I had absolutely no idea what was going on.
Tom may do anything he pleases.
Tom ran out of bullets.
I got out of the pool and dried myself off.
Tom isn't ready, but Mary is.
Tom told me that Mary would be interested in doing that.
I got into bed and immediately fell asleep.
Tom looked at the pictures that Mary had taken.
Tom knew it was Mary who had done that.
I got in my car and followed the ambulance.
Tom hates it when Mary kisses him in public.
Tom followed Mary into the library.
I don't want to take piano lessons anymore.
Tom obviously likes Mary a lot.
Tom only did that once.
I don't want to be the next one to do that.
Tom isn't pushy, but Mary is.
Tom told me what he wanted me to buy at the supermarket.
I don't want to be dependent on my parents.
Tom moved to Boston just about three years ago.
Tom is the rudest person I've ever met.
I don't understand what's going on, either.
Tom has recently been transferred to Boston.
Tom found Mary's diary and read it.
I don't think I'll be doing that by myself.
Tom offered to wash the dishes.
Tom never wears a suit.
I don't think I have any chance of winning.
Tom isn't much of a musician.
Tom very often makes mistakes when he's speaking French.
I don't think I can help you do that today.
Tom never let his friends know how poor he was.
Tom is the best singer I've ever heard.
I don't think I can explain the difference.
Tom has known Mary for at least three years.
Tom got good grades in high school.
I don't see any reason why I can't go, too.
Tom packed a suitcase and left.
Tom majored in biology.
I don't remember how I got home last night.
Tom isn't lucky, but Mary is.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
I don't need you to tell me how to do that.
Tom often has difficulty controlling his anger.
Tom is one of the smartest guys I know.
I don't need you to do that for me anymore.
Tom has finally finished doing his homework.
Tom had a flower in his buttonhole.
I don't make as many mistakes as I used to.
Tom passed today's French test.
Tom made these cookies.
I don't like the way my mother cut my hair.
Tom isn't fussy, but Mary is.
Tom would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
I don't like the people who live next door.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom is one of the best drummers I know.
I don't like the neighborhood where I live.
Tom has been in a really good mood recently.
Tom has been accused of kidnapping.
I don't like swimming as much as I used to.
Tom refused to let me help him.
Tom lives in a trailer.
I don't like it when you use my toothbrush.
Tom isn't funny, but Mary is.
When Tom and I were students, we often studied together.
I don't know why we're supposed to do that.
Tom ran back to the truck to get a screwdriver.
Tom is on the porch, playing his banjo.
I don't know when I'm supposed to be there.
Tom has been fired from his last three jobs.
Tom has been drinking a lot lately.
I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing.
Tom said I didn't look nervous.
Tom left Mary's office.
I don't have very much money, but I get by.
Tom isn't drunk, but Mary is.
When Tom told Mary that she had to leave, she got upset.
I don't have any objection to your leaving.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was unhappy.
Tom is just trying to make you jealous.
I don't enjoy fishing as much as I used to.
Tom has been doing same job for three years.
Tom has been hurt, but Mary hasn't.
I don't do that as often as I wish I could.
Tom said Mary didn't look well.
Tom kissed Mary's neck.
I don't allow my children to eat ice cream.
Tom isn't dirty, but Mary is.
While Tom is in Boston, he's going to visit his cousins.
I didn't realize you had already done that.
Tom said Mary didn't look much like her mother.
Tom is home on Mondays, but Mary isn't.
I didn't know that you knew how to do that.
Tom has been doing same job for a long time.
Tom has been warned not to do that.
I can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
Tom said he felt uncomfortable.
I can't sing very well and neither can you.
Tom isn't crazy, but Mary is.
You don't seem to be as conservative as Tom seems to be.
I can't remember how I got home last night.
Tom said Mary didn't look much like her sister.
Tom is good at cooking, but Mary isn't.
I can't play the guitar as well as you can.
Tom has always had a strange sense of humor.
Tom has just come home from Boston.
I can't leave work today until six o'clock.
Tom said he was very confident.
Tom isn't Mary's uncle.
I can't go to the concert with you tonight.
Tom isn't clean, but Mary is.
You don't seem to be as disappointed as Tom seems to be.
I can't find a babysitter for Monday night.
Tom said Mary didn't look much older than John.
Tom is going through a mid-life crisis.
I can't even make a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom has already phoned me three times today.
Tom has never read the whole Bible.
I can't do that right now. I'm really busy.
Tom said that he loved me, too.
Tom is wearing pajamas.
I almost went to Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom isn't broke, but Mary is.
You don't seem to be as disorganized as Tom seems to be.
I agreed to do what they've asked me to do.
Tom said Mary didn't look particularly worried.
Tom is an experienced mountain climber.
I admitted I did what I said I wouldn't do.
Tom has already drunk three glasses of wine.
Tom has offered to drive Mary home.
I admitted I did what I promised not to do.
Tom saw Mary reading his diary.
Tom is selling flowers.
I admit I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
Tom isn't brave, but Mary is.
You don't seem to be as enthusiastic as Tom seems to be.
I admit I did what I wasn't supposed to do.
Tom said Mary didn't want to go to the concert.
Tom is a plumber, just like his father.
Don't believe everything you hear about me.
Tom has a phone, but he doesn't use it much.
Tom honked his horn as he drove by.
You'd better hurry or you'll miss the bus.
Tom says he wants Mary to stay.
Tom is quite organized.
You need to pay more attention to details.
Tom isn't bossy, but Mary is.
You'll be surprised when you see how fat Tom has gotten.
You may stay here for as long as you like.
Tom sang and Mary accompanied him on the piano.
Tom is a lot better skier than you are.
You don't want to do that with us, do you?
Tom had a doctor's appointment this morning.
Tom hopes he'll be able to do that.
You don't want to do that with me, do you?
Tom says he's ready to do that.
Tom is fussy, isn't he?
You don't seem to be willing to cooperate.
Tom isn't bored, but Mary is.
You'll be surprised when you see how much Tom has grown.
You don't seem to be making much progress.
Tom says I don't need to go if I don't want to.
Tom is a drummer, just like his father.
You don't seem to be interested in sports.
Tom graduated from college, but Mary didn't.
Tom hopes that Mary will cooperate.
You don't seem to be aware of the problem.
Tom shouldn't do anything else.
Tom is behind bars now.
You don't look very much like your father.
Tom isn't blind, but Mary is.
I admit I've despised Tom since the first time I met him.
You don't keep your room very clean, do you?
Tom says he likes the way Mary makes spaghetti.
Tom is a better dancer than I expected.
Would you like for me to help you do that?
Tom got to be one of Mary's closest friends.
Tom is a Canadian, not an American.
Why do you have a paintbrush in your hand?
Tom shouldn't go outside today.
Tom is already engaged.
When I was in Boston, I met an old friend.
Tom isn't awake, but Mary is.
I didn't want Tom to go hang gliding, but he went anyway.
We're going to the beach tomorrow morning.
Tom supported his family by working three jobs.
Tom inherited the house he's living in.
This isn't what I was expecting to happen.
Tom got an opportunity to do that yesterday.
Tom is a better pilot than Mary is.
The teacher threw me out of the classroom.
Tom shouldn't worry about Mary.
Tom is a young student.
The bus I rode yesterday was very crowded.
Tom isn't as wealthy as I am.
I don't believe Tom actually did his homework by himself.
One of my favorite hymns is Amazing Grace.
Tom usually comes early, but today he was late.
Tom hopes to get the results by Monday.
Mary isn't the only girl in the classroom.
Tom gets along well with all his classmates.
Tom is a better skier than Mary is.
If my schedule changes, I'll let you know.
Tom skipped French class today.
Tom is a secretive guy.
I'm the one who suggested that we do this.
Tom isn't as serious as I am.
I don't believe Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I'm the one who knows what should be done.
Tom usually only hires people he already knows.
Tom hasn't stopped singing all morning.
I'm the one who knows what has to be done.
Tom entertained us by telling us some jokes.
Tom is adventurous, but Mary isn't.
I'm the one who has to make that decision.
Tom started calling Mary names.
Tom is a people person.
I'm the one who actually wrote the letter.
Tom isn't as healthy as I am.
I don't know why Tom wants Mary to go to Boston with him.
I'm only going to be here for a few hours.
Tom wanted to show Mary his grandfather's farm.
Tom has volunteered to drive Mary home.
I'm not very interested in outdoor sports.
Tom drowned in his neighbor's swimming pool.
Tom is always talking about Boston.
I'm not sure what I've gotten myself into.
Tom started crying like a baby.
Tom hid in the garage.
I'm not really as rich as people say I am.
Tom isn't as careful as I am.
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
I'm not really as mean as people say I am.
Tom was hurt in the accident and Mary was, too.
Tom has trouble dribbling a basketball.
I'm not going to be able to come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talkative as Mary.
Tom is charismatic, but Mary isn't.
I'm having a hard time remembering things.
Tom stole thousands of dollars.
Tom has woken Mary up.
I'm gradually getting better at badminton.
Tom isn't angry, but Mary is.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I'm going to try to find out who did that.
Tom was still angry even after Mary apologized.
Tom has recently had his house painted.
I'm going to try to find a way to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as observant as Mary.
Tom is competitive, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to find out what has to be done.
Tom thought the movie was good.
Tom has to act quickly.
I'm going to do whatever you ask me to do.
Tom is young, but Mary isn't.
I felt better after I took the medicine that Tom gave me.
I'm going to do whatever needs to be done.
Tom went hiking with some friends last weekend.
Tom has lived in Boston for many years.
I'm going to do what you said I should do.
Tom doesn't seem to be as motivated as Mary.
Tom is discouraged, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to do that later this afternoon.
Tom told me Mary had left town.
Tom has started a blog.
I'm going to do that even if it's raining.
Tom is working in Boston now.
I told Tom he should take the money he was being offered.
I'm going to be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom will be arriving from Boston at about 2:30.
Tom has been charged with manslaughter.
I'm going to be here for three more years.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ambitious as Mary.
Tom is extroverted, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to be here for three more weeks.
Tom told me not to leave early.
Tom has no future here.
I'm going to be exhausted when I get home.
Tom is very rarely ever late.
I told Tom he shouldn't waste his time trying to do that.
I'm going to be doing that this afternoon.
Tom will yell at me if I eat all the ice cream.
Tom has a doctor's appointment at 2:30.
I'm going to Boston on business next week.
Tom doesn't look like he's enjoying herself.
Tom is getting used to his new job.
I'm already looking forward to doing that.
Tom used to be John's roommate.
Tom has lost his watch.
I'll wait for you in front of the station.
Tom is upset, but Mary isn't.
I tried to sneak up on Tom, but he noticed me right away.
I'll visit my uncle in Boston this summer.
Tom's doctor told him not to eat between meals.
Tom had a very high fever this morning.
I'll never forget the day I first met you.
Tom doesn't always pay attention to details.
Tom is hardworking, but Mary isn't.
I'll have plenty of time to do that later.
Tom usually eats lunch at noon.
Tom has had a long day.
I'll go with you in case you need my help.
Tom is tired, but Mary isn't.
I want to kiss Tom, and I think he wants to kiss me, too.
I'll go to the beach even if it's raining.
Tom's ex-wife got married to Mary's ex-husband.
Tom enjoys going to concerts with Mary.
I'll be working in the garden all morning.
Tom didn't seem to be as respectful as Mary.
Tom is hyperactive, but Mary isn't.
I'll be sleeping by the time you get home.
Tom wanted Mary to forgive him.
Tom has fallen in love.
I'll be sleeping by the time you get here.
Tom is timid, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to give Tom this bicycle as a birthday present.
I'll be in prison for the rest of my life.
What Tom and I are doing now is very dangerous.
Tom encouraged me to apply for the job.
I'd like to live in the suburbs of Boston.
Tom didn't seem to be as hungry as Mary was.
Tom is incompetent, but Mary isn't.
I wouldn't have done that kind of a thing.
Tom wants to be a famous actor.
Tom has a nice bicycle.
I wouldn't ever kiss my husband in public.
Tom is still angry with Mary.
I've been told Tom and I aren't supposed to do that here.
I won't be able do that without your help.
What's the name of the company where Tom works?
Tom doesn't want Mary to speak to John.
I wish I had a wine cellar in my basement.
Tom didn't know who the man at the door was.
Tom is influential, but Mary isn't.
I went to bed later than usual last night.
Tom was absent and so was Mary.
Tom has a jealous wife.
I was sick last weekend and stayed in bed.
Tom is somewhere around here.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones having any fun here.
I want to know what you think will happen.
Why are Tom and I the ones who have to do that?
Tom doesn't want Mary to drive his car.
I tried to think of something nice to say.
Tom could be Canadian, but I don't think so.
Tom is intelligent, but Mary isn't.
I sometimes wish I'd never gotten married.
Tom was angry, but Mary wasn't.
Tom had what he wanted.
I should be able to get there before 2:30.
Tom is short, but Mary isn't.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones who have to do that.
I hope I'm not going to regret doing that.
You don't have to hug Tom if you don't want to.
Tom doesn't usually read the newspaper.
I hope I'll eventually be able to do that.
Tom cleared his throat and started speaking.
Tom is intoxicated, but Mary isn't.
I hope I don't ever need to do that again.
Tom was awake, but Mary wasn't.
Tom had another stroke.
I hope I don't ever have to do that again.
Tom is ready, but Mary isn't.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
I have absolutely no idea what's going on.
You don't seem to be as mad as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't swim as often as Mary does.
I have a lot of work to do this afternoon.
Tom can have another cookie if he wants one.
Tom is introverted, but Mary isn't.
I have a lot of things I want to do today.
Tom was bored, but Mary wasn't.
Tom had a nice bicycle.
I have a lot of things I need to do today.
Tom is quiet, but Mary isn't.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones who want to do that.
I have a lot of things I have to do today.
You don't seem to be as sad as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't swim as much as he used to.
I have a good reason for doing what I did.
Tom banged his head on a low-hanging branch.
Tom is looking for a new secretary.
I have a degree in mechanical engineering.
Tom was bossy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very talkative.
I have a degree in electrical engineering.
Tom is pushy, but Mary isn't.
Let's go over to Tom's apartment and see what he's doing.
I had something similar happen to me once.
You don't seem to be as shy as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't study as much as Mary does.
I had a mustache the last time you saw me.
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the station.
Tom is mischievous, but Mary isn't.
I had a job interview yesterday afternoon.
Tom was brave, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very skeptical.
I had a doctor's appointment this morning.
Tom is picky, but Mary isn't.
Mary showed Tom the diamond ring that John had given her.
I got off the elevator on the third floor.
You don't seem to be having as much fun as Tom.
Tom doesn't spend enough time studying.
I got a very high score on my French test.
Tom asked me to help Mary with her homework.
Tom is moving to a new house today.
I felt really bad about what had happened.
Tom was broke, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very obnoxious.
I felt like the luckiest man in the world.
Tom is one of John's buddies.
Thanks to your help, Tom and I were able to finish early.
I feel like the luckiest man in the world.
You really shouldn't hang out with Tom so much.
Tom doesn't smile as much as Mary does.
I don't work here now, but I used to work.
Tom asked me if I'd help him move his piano.
Tom is one of John's close buddies.
I don't want you to do that by yourselves.
Tom was clean, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very motivated.
I don't want to take part in the ceremony.
Tom is nosey, but Mary isn't.
That's the only reason Tom and I are planning to do that.
I don't want to go outside. It's too cold.
Can you imagine what Tom's reaction would've been?
Tom doesn't seem to be as wise as Mary.
I don't want to give the wrong impression.
Tom asked me if I had experience doing that.
Tom is pessimistic, but Mary isn't.
I don't usually trust people I don't know.
Tom was dirty, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very irritated.
I don't think you're ready to do that yet.
Tom is naive, but Mary isn't.
The police arrested Tom because he resembled the suspect.
I don't think we can do that by ourselves.
Did you notice that Tom was wearing new glasses?
Tom doesn't seem to be as tall as Mary.
I don't think that's going to ever happen.
Tom asked if I liked watching horror movies.
Tom is probably do that eventually.
I don't take anything for granted anymore.
Tom was drunk, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very impatient.
I don't ski much now, but I used to a lot.
Tom is moving to a new house.
The police suspect that Tom also murdered his first wife.
I don't see any reason why I shouldn't go.
Don't tell anyone that Tom and I are doing this.
Tom doesn't seem to be as pale as Mary.
I don't remember what happened that night.
Tom asked Mary to meet him under the bridge.
Tom is replaceable, but Mary isn't.
I don't remember what happened last night.
Tom was early, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very flustered.
I don't often talk to people I don't know.
Tom is moving back to Boston.
Tom always listen to music while he's doing his homework.
I don't necessarily have to do this today.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom doesn't laugh as much as Mary does.
I don't necessarily have to do that today.
Tom asked Mary to give him her old clarinet.
Tom is retired now, but Mary isn't.
I don't listen to music when I'm studying.
Tom was funny, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very disgusted.
I don't like watching late night TV shows.
Tom is lucky, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I are looking for someone who can do that for us.
I don't like fishing as much as I used to.
I advised Tom not to believe everything he read.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary at all.
I don't like any of the girls in my class.
Tom asked Mary if he could use her computer.
Tom is sitting next to his brother.
I don't know the reason why that happened.
Tom was fussy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very desperate.
I don't go to Boston as much as I used to.
Tom is lot younger than Mary.
Tom and I are the only ones who didn't get enough to eat.
I don't enjoy family gatherings very much.
I advised Tom to save a little money each month.
Tom doesn't drink as much as Mary does.
I don't do that as well as I wish I could.
Tom and his friends were playing basketball.
Tom is still in his room, studying.
I don't come to Boston very often anymore.
Tom was lucky, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very depressed.
I didn't think Mary would be so beautiful.
Tom is going to the hospital.
Tom and I are the only ones who think that's a good idea.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that anymore.
I didn't really need to wait for Tom, but I did.
Tom didn't want Mary to work with John.
I can't tell which wine is more expensive.
Tom and Mary were married from 2003 to 2013.
Tom is supposed to be taking a nap.
I can't decide which guitar I like better.
Tom was nosey, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very concerned.
I can't decide whether I should go or not.
Tom is fussy, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I aren't likely to get paid extra for doing that.
I can't afford to buy the computer I want.
I didn't want to do that, but Tom said I had to.
Tom didn't seem to even recognize Mary.
I almost injured myself trying to do that.
Tom and Mary played together in the sandbox.
Tom is sympathetic, but Mary isn't.
I admitted I didn't do what I said I'd do.
Tom was pushy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got rich overnight.
I admit I didn't do what I promised to do.
Tom is funny, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who don't want to be here.
I admit I did what I'd promised not to do.
I don't doubt that Tom was the one who did that.
Tom didn't seem to be as nasty as Mary.
You need to hurry or you'll miss the bus.
Tom and Mary are currently living in Boston.
Tom is the best-looking guy I know.
You don't seem to know what you're doing.
Tom was quiet, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got really worried.
You don't seem to have very many friends.
Tom is expecting Mary's call.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who survived the accident.
You don't seem to be having any problems.
I don't know how Tom and I are going to do that.
Tom didn't say what he was going to do.
You don't seem to be as confused as I am.
Tom and I've been friends for quite a while.
Tom is thinking of going to Boston.
You don't keep my room very tidy, do you?
Tom was ready, but Mary wasn't.
Tom gave Mary his card.
You don't help me as much as you used to.
Tom is eating a ham sandwich.
Tom asked me if Mary could borrow thirty dollars from me.
Would you like to hear me play the banjo?
I don't think Tom can do that without some help.
Tom didn't know the truth at that time.
Would you like for me to give you a ride?
Tom and I'll be here for the next few hours.
Tom is tired of Mary's complaining.
What was your first impression of Boston?
Tom was stabbed multiple times.
Tom found Mary's purse.
We'll probably get to Boston before noon.
Tom is drunk, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as astonished as Mary seemed to be.
We happened to be in Boston at that time.
I don't think Tom is flexible enough to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary had a twin sister.
Tell me exactly what you'd like me to do.
Tom and I weren't the only ones in the room.
Tom is trustworthy, but Mary isn't.
Some people like doing that, but I don't.
Tom was tense, but Mary wasn't.
Tom did what was right.
Mary was wearing the same dress as Alice.
Tom is dirty, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as courageous as Mary seemed to be.
Mary usually wears red fingernail polish.
I don't think Tom was amused by what's going on.
Tom didn't even know Mary had a sister.
Mary is my oldest son's younger daughter.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who survived.
Tom is trying to learn how to swim.
Mary is my older son's youngest daughter.
Tom was timid, but Mary wasn't.
Tom couldn't look away.
It'll take me three minutes to get ready.
Tom is crazy, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as determined as Mary seemed to be.
It began raining just as we were leaving.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next winter.
Tom didn't even know Mary at that time.
I've been working all day in the hot sun.
Tom and I aren't really supposed to do that.
Tom is used to getting his own way.
I've been told not to do that after dark.
Tom was tired, but Mary wasn't.
Tom convinced me to go.
I've already drunk three glasses of wine.
Tom is clean, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as frightened as Mary seemed to be.
I'm thinking about selling my motorcycle.
I don't want to do that, but Tom says I have to.
Tom did something he said he didn't do.
I'm the one who wanted to get here early.
Tom and I aren't really prepared to do that.
Tom is well liked in the community.
I'm the one who usually weeds the garden.
Tom was upset, but Mary wasn't.
Tom changes jobs a lot.
I'm the one who usually does the driving.
Tom is broke, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as interested as Mary seemed to be.
I'm the one who usually does the cooking.
I have a better chance of winning than Tom does.
Tom couldn't remember Mary's last name.
I'm the one who should've gone to Boston.
Tom and I aren't planning on going together.
Tom isn't adventurous, but Mary is.
I'm the one who puts the children to bed.
Tom wasn't angry, but Mary was.
Tom can't walk anymore.
I'm sorry that I didn't get here on time.
Tom is brave, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as mesmerized as Mary seemed to be.
I'm going to find out what we need to do.
I have to call Tom to get permission to do that.
Tom changed the locks on all his doors.
I'm going to find out what we have to do.
Tom and I aren't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom isn't as conscientious as I am.
I'm going to do whatever it takes to win.
Tom wasn't awake, but Mary was.
Tom bought another hat.
I'm going to do that the way I always do.
Tom is bossy, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as methodical as Mary seemed to be.
I'm going to do as much as I can to help.
I haven't gone swimming with Tom in a long time.
Tom came to the meeting this afternoon.
I'm going to buy a new coat next weekend.
Tom and I are the only ones who can do this.
Tom isn't hardworking, but Mary is.
I'm going to be in my office all morning.
Tom wasn't bored, but Mary was.
Tom became very sleepy.
I'm going to be in Boston until tomorrow.
Tom is bored, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as optimistic as Mary seemed to be.
I'm going to be doing that all afternoon.
I need to call Tom to get permission to do that.
Tom bought himself a new pair of shoes.
I'm going to be away for at least a week.
Tom and I are the only ones who can do that.
Tom isn't intelligent, but Mary is.
I'm getting better at playing the guitar.
Tom wasn't bossy, but Mary was.
Tom became very lonely.
I'm definitely going to do that sometime.
Tom is blind, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as overweight as Mary seemed to be.
I'm convinced I'm doing that right thing.
I should've advised Tom not to agree to do that.
Tom boarded the plane bound for Boston.
I'll stay here as long as you want me to.
Tom and I are the ones who stole your money.
Tom isn't interesting, but Mary is.
I'll make sure that everything goes well.
Tom wasn't brave, but Mary was.
Tom became very grumpy.
I'll likely get fired if I don't do that.
Tom is awake, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as overworked as Mary seemed to be.
I'll go to Boston on business next month.
I think Tom didn't everything he should've done.
Tom asked the boy if his name was John.
I'll do that after I have eaten my lunch.
Tom and I are the ones who should apologize.
Tom isn't intoxicated, but Mary is.
I'll do everything you've asked me to do.
Tom wasn't broke, but Mary was.
Tom became very groggy.
I'd be happy if you could do that for me.
Tom is at least twice my age.
Tom didn't seem to be as particular as Mary seemed to be.
I was supposed to do that three days ago.
I told Tom he should leave early in the morning.
Tom asked me to teach him how to skate.
I think I should talk to my lawyer first.
Tom and I are going to stay for another day.
Tom isn't introverted, but Mary is.
I think I need to explain why I was late.
Tom wasn't dirty, but Mary was.
Tom and I were shocked.
I think I need to explain why I did that.
Tom is at Mary's house today.
Tom didn't seem to be as persistent as Mary seemed to be.
I take a bath every evening after dinner.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy Mary's old computer.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to ski.
I have absolutely no idea how to do that.
This is where Tom and I are supposed to sit.
Tom isn't pessimistic, but Mary is.
I have a very important decision to make.
Tom wasn't drunk, but Mary was.
Tom and I were careful.
I have a friend whose father is a lawyer.
Tom is angry, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as prejudiced as Mary seemed to be.
I have a friend who's a basketball coach.
I told Tom he shouldn't leave his door unlocked.
Tom and Mary were born on the same day.
I have a daughter who's taller than I am.
This is the first time Tom has been in love.
Tom isn't replaceable, but Mary is.
I had enough time to do what I had to do.
Tom wasn't early, but Mary was.
Tom and I aren't ready.
I had absolutely nothing to do with that.
Tom is an open-minded person.
Tom didn't seem to be as productive as Mary seemed to be.
I got up earlier than usual this morning.
I told Tom not to eat anything that Mary cooked.
Tom and Mary have started dating again.
I got out of my car and locked the doors.
The teacher thought Tom and I were cheating.
Tom isn't sympathetic, but Mary is.
I got my master's degree three years ago.
Tom wasn't fired, but Mary was.
Tom and I aren't going.
I got into my car and started the engine.
Tom is alive, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as successful as Mary seemed to be.
I got here less than fifteen minutes ago.
I'll tell Tom what he should say at the meeting.
Tom and I'll be going to Boston by bus.
I felt something crawling across my foot.
The shirt Tom is wearing is too big for him.
Tom isn't the only plumber in town.
I feel like I'm falling in love with you.
Tom wasn't funny, but Mary was.
Tom and I are finished.
I don't want to go to the beach with you.
Tom is afraid of losing Mary.
Tom didn't seem to be as suspicious as Mary seemed to be.
I don't want to get a tattoo on my chest.
I'm going to ask Tom if he can help us tomorrow.
Tom and I had lunch together yesterday.
I don't want to end up being an old maid.
That's the reason Tom and I were late today.
Tom isn't trustworthy, but Mary is.
I don't think you really need to do that.
Tom wasn't fussy, but Mary was.
Tom always seemed busy.
I don't think you really have to do that.
Tom is absent and so is Mary.
Tom didn't seem to be as unfriendly as Mary seemed to be.
I don't think that I look like my father.
I'm going to ask Tom why he wants me to do that.
Tom and I aren't in any danger, are we?
I don't think Mary is as pretty as Alice.
Please don't you think Tom looks his father?
Tom isn't very strict, but Mary is.
I don't think I really need to read this.
Tom wasn't lucky, but Mary was.
Tom Jackson is my boss.
I don't think I have a chance of winning.
Tom is a very serious person.
Tom doesn't play the trombone that as much as he used to.
I don't remember what I'm supposed to do.
I'm going to find out what Tom expects us to do.
Tom and I aren't accustomed to waiting.
I don't really like Italian food so much.
Please don't tell anyone Tom and I are here.
Tom just wants what's best for you.
I don't really care whether I win or not.
Tom wasn't pushy, but Mary was.
Please don't touch Tom.
I don't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom had another heart attack.
Tom doesn't seem to be as courageous as Mary seems to be.
I don't particularly want to go swimming.
I'm going to pick Tom up at the station at 2:30.
Tom and I are the ones who got beat up.
I don't need you to tell me how to do it.
None of Tom's classmates like him very much.
Tom killed himself on his birthday.
I don't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
Tom wasn't quiet, but Mary was.
Please bring Tom to me.
I don't need to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom forgot to lock his house.
Tom doesn't seem to be as dependable as Mary seems to be.
I don't listen to music when I'm driving.
I'm the one who helped Tom find a place to live.
Tom and I are going to have to do that.
I don't like working on an empty stomach.
Maybe Tom and I weren't supposed to do that.
Tom likes living here, but I don't.
I don't like the people living next door.
Tom wasn't ready, but Mary was.
My father calls me Tom.
I don't like the color of these curtains.
Tom fired his gun and missed.
Tom doesn't seem to be as determined as Mary seems to be.
I don't like Boston as much as I used to.
I'm the one who told Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom and I are going to Boston to study.
I don't let my daughters go out at night.
Luckily, Tom and I were able to get tickets.
Tom looked over at Mary and smiled.
I don't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom wasn't right, but Mary was.
Maybe Tom is in Boston.
I don't know how to start this lawnmower.
Tom enjoys going to concerts.
Tom doesn't seem to be as interested as Mary seems to be.
I don't know how to dribble a basketball.
It's a risk that Tom and I are prepared to take.
Tom and I are going back home tomorrow.
I don't have time to eat lunch right now.
Let's see if Tom wants to go hiking with us.
Tom looks like he needs a vacation.
I don't have much experience in teaching.
Tom wasn't there, but Mary was.
Let's help Tom do that.
I don't have many friends here in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to talk now.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intolerant as Mary seems to be.
I don't have enough money to buy a house.
Let me show you a picture of Tom and his family.
Tom always tells me to drive carefully.
I don't have any plans for my retirement.
It looked like Tom and Mary were having fun.
Tom loves talking about basketball.
I don't go skating as often as I used to.
Tom wasn't timid, but Mary was.
Let's go over to Tom's.
I don't go sailing as often as I used to.
Tom doesn't want Mary to die.
Tom doesn't seem to be as methodical as Mary seems to be.
I don't go fishing as often as I used to.
Please ask Tom if he's going to help us do that.
Tom always smells like cigarette smoke.
I don't go camping as often as I used to.
I've been to Boston more times than Tom has.
Tom married a very beautiful woman.
I don't get home as often as I'd like to.
Tom wasn't tired, but Mary was.
Is this umbrella Tom's?
I don't get along well with my neighbors.
Tom doesn't shave very often.
Tom doesn't seem to be as optimistic as Mary seems to be.
I don't eat this kind of food very often.
That boy over there with long black hair is Tom.
Tom agreed that he'd pay half the rent.
I don't eat here as often as I'd like to.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to water ski.
Tom only does that when he's angry.
I don't carry much luggage when I travel.
Tom wasn't upset, but Mary was.
Is this Tom's umbrella?
I didn't read the newspaper this morning.
Tom died from food poisoning.
Tom doesn't seem to be as overweight as Mary seems to be.
I didn't know that you needed to do that.
That must've happened while Tom and I were away.
The last time I saw Tom was in October.
I didn't know I was going to be punished.
I'm the one who helped Tom escape from jail.
Tom only does that when he's tired.
I can't think of a better way to do that.
Tom wasn't wrong, but Mary was.
Is that Tom's daughter?
I can't stand being treated like a child.
Tom didn't want to get fired.
Tom doesn't seem to be as particular as Mary seems to be.
I can't refuse my grandchildren anything.
That's what Tom and I were told three hours ago.
That's why Tom and I were disappointed.
I can't play tennis as well as I used to.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom only does that when he's upset.
I can't go out drinking with you tonight.
Tom went next door to get help.
Is Tom still out there?
I can't figure out where this piece goes.
Tom didn't want Mary to stay.
Tom doesn't seem to be as persistent as Mary seems to be.
I can't figure out what needs to be done.
The deal Tom and I were working on fell through.
That's what Tom and I are trying to do.
I can't afford to buy a car at this time.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave for Boston.
Tom painted Mary's bicycle for her.
I almost died when I fell off the bridge.
Tom will leave Boston tomorrow.
I'm not as fast as Tom.
I admit that I sometimes drive too fast.
Tom didn't even recognize me.
Tom doesn't seem to be as prejudiced as Mary seems to be.
Here's the list of the people who helped.
The last time I went to Boston, I went with Tom.
Please don't you think Tom is handsome?
Could you tell me what I should be doing?
I'm going to try to convince Tom to do that.
Tom pawned the jewelry he'd stolen.
You'll be very sorry you didn't do that.
Tom will pay for Mary's ticket.
I'm happy Tom did that.
You were the one who told me to do that.
Tom decided to try to escape.
Tom doesn't seem to be as productive as Mary seems to be.
You should really visit Boston sometime.
The last time Tom was seen alive was in October.
Please ask Tom if he's going to Boston.
You know what you have to do, don't you?
I'm going to do that, but Tom says he won't.
Tom plans to appeal his conviction.
You don't think you can do that, do you?
Tom worked really hard on that.
I'll be with Tom today.
You don't think that I did that, do you?
Tom calls Mary every evening.
Tom doesn't seem to be as successful as Mary seems to be.
You don't seem to have a lot of friends.
There's no way Tom would ever forget to do that.
My favorite singer is Tom Jackson, too.
You don't seem to get along with anyone.
I'll tell Tom the news as soon as I see him.
Tom put Mary's suitcase on her bed.
You don't seem to be used to doing that.
We hired a good lawyer for Tom.
I want to see Tom, too.
You don't seem to be enjoying the party.
Tom bought me that as a gift.
Tom doesn't seem to be as suspicious as Mary seems to be.
Would you like me to make you breakfast?
This is exactly what Tom and I were looking for.
Let's see if Tom would like to do that.
When I lived in Boston, I often ate out.
I'll be visiting Tom in Boston next weekend.
Tom said Mary didn't look so happy.
We'll get to Boston before it gets dark.
We know that Tom is a busy man.
I told Tom to go there.
We have meetings every Monday afternoon.
Tom bought a dictionary, too.
Tom has arranged for Mary to meet John on Monday at 2:30.
We don't need to make that decision now.
Tom always gets home around 2:30 in the morning.
It looked like Tom really enjoyed that.
They didn't pay me very much to do that.
I'll be disappointed if Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said Mary didn't look thrilled.
There was a glass was on the nightstand.
What are Tom and I doing wrong?
I put Tom in his place.
That's something we should do this week.
Tom borrowed a pen from Mary.
Tom has three brothers. All three of them live in Boston.
Please put the milk in the refrigerator.
Tom and I are going to have to do that together.
I'm the one who told Tom what happened.
Please be ready by the time I get there.
I'd rather speak directly to Tom about this.
Tom said Mary didn't look too busy.
My hair was brown before it turned gray.
When Tom speaks, people listen.
I often argue with Tom.
My friend over there thinks you're cute.
Tom asked us for our opinion.
Tom is practicing the speech he's going to give tomorrow.
Let's just hang around here for a while.
Tom and I are the ones who should be doing that.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to swim.
It was hard for me to do that by myself.
I told Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom said he felt like eating steak.
It took me three hours to get to Boston.
You don't have to wait for Tom.
I often agree with Tom.
I've been told not to do that by myself.
Tom asked me if I'd help him.
Tom isn't as good at speaking French as I thought he was.
I've been told I'm supposed to help you.
Tom and I are the only ones who have to do this.
I'm the one who helped Tom buy his car.
I'm trying to find a way to get it done.
I told Tom he shouldn't leave his door open.
Tom said he felt obligated to help.
I'm trying to figure that out right now.
You don't need to wait for Tom.
I have a son named Tom.
I'm the one who suggested leaving early.
Tom asked if I liked science.
Tom said he was taking a bath when he heard the gunshots.
I'm the one who deserves to be promoted.
Tom and I are the only ones who know what to do.
I'm not from Boston and neither is Tom.
I'm the one who asked all the questions.
I told Tom he shouldn't go there by bicycle.
Tom said he wanted us to visit him.
I'm not the one who caused the accident.
Ask Tom if he's going to Boston.
I had a fight with Tom.
I'm happy I was able to do that for you.
Tom asked if I could do that.
Tom said it didn't look like Mary was having a good time.
I'm going to stay here as long as I can.
Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
I'm not as confused as Tom seems to be.
I'm going to have the chance to do that.
I told Tom I didn't feel like taking a walk.
Tom said his house wasn't for sale.
I'm going to get there tomorrow evening.
Did Tom tell Mary why John left?
I got to know Tom well.
I'm going to do whatever has to be done.
Tom and Mary were having fun.
Tom said it looked like Mary wasn't enjoying the concert.
I'm going to do that your way next time.
Tom and I aren't likely to agree on many things.
I'm going to do what Tom told me to do.
I'm going to do that when my turn comes.
I thought Tom would be better at doing that.
Tom says that's unlikely to happen.
I'm going to continue trying to do that.
Don't you think Tom is handsome?
I don't think Tom lied.
I'm going to buy a house on Park Street.
Tom and I said we were sorry.
Tom said it looked like Mary wasn't having very much fun.
I'm going to be punished for what I did.
Tom and I aren't very likely to travel together.
I'm going to do what I can to help Tom.
I'm going to be punished for doing that.
I still don't know what Tom is going to say.
Tom seemed sleepy, but Mary didn't.
I'm going to be out of town for a while.
Here's a picture of Tom dancing.
I almost convinced Tom.
I'm going to Boston to attend a wedding.
Tom and I aren't that stupid.
Tom said something at the meeting that he shouldn't have.
I'm getting better at identifying birds.
Tom and I know Mary wasn't the one who did that.
I'm going to do that with Tom tomorrow.
I'm able to do that with my eyes closed.
I shouldn't have agreed to help Tom do that.
Tom seems to be talking to himself.
I'll start working in Boston in October.
Here's a picture of Tom skating.
I agreed to let Tom go.
I'll see to it that everything is ready.
Tom and I aren't on the list.
Tom seems to be interested in doing that, but Mary isn't.
I'll pick up a little something for you.
Tom and I were the ones who built this doghouse.
I'm going to be angry if Tom does that.
I'll loan you as much money as you need.
I should've told Tom to stay away from Mary.
Tom should call Mary and apologize.
I'll likely get very dirty if I do that.
How much of this stuff is Tom's?
I admit that I hit Tom.
I'll have this done before you get back.
Tom and I aren't competitive.
Tom speaks French so badly that he's often misunderstood.
I'll be here in Boston for three months.
Tom and I were the ones who should've done that.
I'm going to ask Tom to do that for us.
I'll be arriving in Boston this evening.
I seldom need to help Tom with his homework.
Tom should talk to Mary about that.
I'd probably get arrested if I did that.
I advised Tom to keep it secret.
Does Tom have a guitar?
I wouldn't want to live near an airport.
Tom and I are ready to leave.
Tom tasted the cake Mary made and said he didn't like it.
I won't be able to make it home tonight.
Tom and I were the only ones who got here early.
I'm going to ask Tom if he can do that.
I was in my thirties when that happened.
I have no idea why Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom spent all afternoon doing that.
I want that to happen as much as you do.
I agreed to help Tom find a job.
Clearly, Tom is guilty.
I used to live in the suburbs of Boston.
Tom always kept his promises.
Tom told his students not to forget to do their homework.
I tried to hit the ball, but I couldn't.
Tom and I were the only ones who had to do that.
I'll be Tom's French teacher next year.
I think I know how to solve the problem.
I have no idea when Tom wants me to do that.
Tom started crying and so did Mary.
I need to get a copy of my car key made.
I allow Tom to do what he wants.
Can Tom ride a bicycle?
I need to find a babysitter for tonight.
Tom always gets places early.
Tom told me not to talk to Mary, but I'll let her anyway.
I hope I'm not doing this the wrong way.
Tom and I were the only ones who showed up late.
I'd be surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I haven't kissed my wife in a long time.
I have no idea when Tom is going to do that.
Tom still doesn't know how to swim.
I have three months left on my contract.
I almost didn't get to meet Tom.
Are those Tom's gloves?
I have some pictures I want to show you.
Tom always arrives too early.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in Boston.
I have plans to go to Boston next month.
Tom and I weren't the ones who put out the fire.
I won't be back as soon as Tom will be.
I have no idea who'll be at the meeting.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom is crying.
Tom swept the leaves off the steps.
I have a theory about why that happened.
I almost never do that with Tom.
"Quiet," Tom whispered.
I have a tattoo of a dragon on my chest.
Tom acted like he was scared.
Tom was dressed in his pajamas when he answered the door.
I have a room at a hotel near the beach.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who were absent.
I told Tom he shouldn't drive too fast.
I have a phone, but I don't use it much.
I had no choice but to allow Tom to do that.
Tom told Mary why John was leaving.
I have a lot to do before I can go home.
I almost wish I'd never met Tom.
You broke Tom's heart.
I have a feeling that something's wrong.
Tell Tom who to give that to.
Tom was living in Australia with his father at that time.
I have a difficult decision ahead of me.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who were hungry.
I told Tom he shouldn't drink too much.
I have a collection of modern paintings.
I had my chauffeur drive Tom to the airport.
Tom told me that Mary would be shy.
I have a brother who's can speak French.
I can't fathom how Tom did that.
Which jacket is Tom's?
I had enough money to buy what I wanted.
Perhaps Tom and I were wrong.
Tom was supposed to go shopping with Mary this afternoon.
I had enough money to buy what I needed.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to start a family.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy a used car.
I had a very important decision to make.
I don't understand why Tom behaves that way.
Tom told me to tell you Mary is OK.
I got the money I needed from my father.
I can't let Tom do that anymore.
Which helmet is Tom's?
I got out of my car and opened the gate.
Mary's husband's name is Tom.
Tom was told that it wasn't necessary for him to do that.
I got out of my car and closed the door.
Tom asked me to help Mary find her contact lens.
I told Tom he should go to the dentist.
I got into bed and turned off the light.
I don't think we've been helping Tom enough.
Tom wants to go and see his father.
I got in the car and started the engine.
I can't turn my back on Tom now.
Which guitar is Tom's?
I got home earlier than usual yesterday.
It's good that Tom was there.
Tom was walking his dog yesterday morning when I saw him.
I got everything I wanted for Christmas.
Tom didn't remember where he had parked his car.
I told Tom he should get more exercise.
I felt very bad about what had happened.
I don't think Tom would be happy doing that.
Tom was attentive, but Mary wasn't.
I don't yet know who's going to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be mad.
Tom's door was locked.
I don't yet know what we're going to do.
Isn't that a friend of Tom's?
Tom's mother and Mary's mother were born on the same day.
I don't yet know if I'll do that or not.
Tom didn't want Mary to go anywhere without him.
I thought Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I don't want you doing that by yourself.
I don't think Tom will permit me to do that.
Tom was courteous, but Mary wasn't.
I don't want people asking me questions.
I don't know how to contact Tom.
Tom will show up soon.
I don't want children, but my wife does.
Is Tom still mowing the lawn?
Tom's mother told him that he should eat more vegetables.
I don't understand why you want do that.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising rabbits.
I thought Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I don't think you're allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom will like the soup I made.
Tom was delighted, but Mary wasn't.
I don't think you need to worry so much.
I don't know that Tom would cry.
Tom went out the door.
I don't think you need to do that today.
I've never been in Tom's car.
Tom's mother told him to take care of his younger sister.
I don't think you have to do that today.
Tom doesn't seem to be as busy as he usually is.
I don't think Toms knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom will come in this morning.
Tom was depressed, but Mary wasn't.
I don't think I'll need to say anything.
I don't know why Tom chose that.
Tom was right on time.
I don't think I'll have time to do that.
I've lost Tom's phone number.
Tom's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
I don't think I did what you said I did.
Tom doesn't seem to be as materialistic as Mary.
I slept in Tom's guest room last night.
I don't skate as well as I wish I could.
I don't think Tom will be home this evening.
Tom was disgusted, but Mary wasn't.
I don't remember turning off the lights.
I don't let Tom do that anymore.
Tom was ignoring Mary.
I don't really want to do that with you.
I'm not bringing Tom with me.
When Tom and I were your age, things were very different.
I don't really understand what you mean.
Tom doesn't seem to be as philosophical as Mary.
I should've told Tom to keep it secret.
I don't really enjoy doing that anymore.
I don't think Tom will be here this morning.
Tom was dishonest, but Mary wasn't.
I don't play golf as often as I used to.
I don't normally agree with Tom.
Tom wants a motorboat.
I don't plan to do that until I have to.
I'm not as furious as Tom is.
You don't seem to be as conscientious as Tom seems to be.
I don't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't seem to know what's going to happen.
I should've agreed to help Tom do that.
I don't love anyone and no one loves me.
I don't think Tom will allow you to do that.
Tom was exhausted, but Mary wasn't.
I don't like people who aren't punctual.
I don't really want Tom to come.
Tom sure seemed happy.
I don't know who can swim and who can't.
I'm going to fill in for Tom.
You don't seem to be as self-conscious as Tom seems to be.
I don't know how to pronounce this word.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go out with other guys.
I should've advised Tom not to do that.
I don't know how much time I'll be here.
I don't think Tom was determined to do that.
Tom was flustered, but Mary wasn't.
I don't know exactly what I ought to do.
I don't see much of Tom anymore.
Tom sure seemed angry.
I don't know anything about electronics.
I'm going to ask Tom to wait.
Could you please ask Tom if he's going to help us do that?
I don't have much experience doing that.
Tom doesn't work at the same place as Mary does.
I need to pay back the money I owe Tom.
I don't have any plans for next weekend.
I don't think Tom is cut out to be a lawyer.
Tom was impatient, but Mary wasn't.
I don't go skiing as often as I used to.
I don't think Tom is aggressive.
Tom sure looked happy.
I don't go skating as much as I used to.
I'm going to ask Tom to help.
Didn't you know that Tom doesn't understand French at all?
I don't go sailing as much as I used to.
Tom eats the same thing for breakfast every day.
I looked up and saw Tom in the doorway.
I don't go rowing as often as I used to.
I don't think I need to tell Tom to do that.
Tom was impressed, but Mary wasn't.
I don't go hiking as often as I used to.
I don't think Tom is disgusting.
Tom sure looked angry.
I don't go camping as much as I used to.
I'll be with Tom all morning.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I don't enjoy golf as much as I used to.
Tom got out of the shower and dried himself off.
I know Tom hasn't been very happy here.
I don't enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I don't think I need to explain that to Tom.
Tom was in Boston, but Mary wasn't.
I don't earn enough to support a family.
I don't think Tom is optimistic.
Tom seldom eats fruit.
I don't drink as much beer as I used to.
I'll be lonely if Tom leaves.
I advised Tom to take some time to think over his options.
I don't do this as often as I'd like to.
Tom has a doctor's appointment tomorrow morning.
I have no idea why Tom did what he did.
I don't believe I can do that by myself.
I don't think I have to tell Tom to do that.
Tom was irritated, but Mary wasn't.
I didn't know you were going to help me.
I don't think Tom is successful.
Tom seems happy to me.
I didn't know that you were 't Canadian.
I used to get along with Tom.
I don't know if Tom and I are going to be able to do that.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that again.
Tom has been to Boston more times than Mary has.
I have no idea when Tom has to do that.
I didn't have the same problems you did.
I don't think I have to explain that to Tom.
Tom was last seen alive in October.
I didn't have my coat on, so I was cold.
I don't think Tom is unemployed.
Tom saw Mary swimming.
I didn't get back home until after dark.
I told Tom to behave himself.
I don't live far from Tom, but I don't see him very often.
I can't wait to get my driver's license.
Tom has probably never discussed that with Mary.
I have no idea what Tom wants me to do.
I can't tell the real one from the fake.
I don't remember telling Tom not to do that.
Tom was miserable, but Mary wasn't.
I can't seem to do anything right today.
I don't think Tom was depressed.
Tom sat near the fire.
I can't read this whole book in one day.
I thought Tom was doing that.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who would do that.
I can't fit into my old clothes anymore.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out what he'd done.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Tom.
I can't believe you really believe that.
I don't remember Tom's older brother's name.
Tom was obstinate, but Mary wasn't.
I can't believe you just suggested that.
I don't think Tom was exhausted.
Tom sang in the choir.
I can't afford to buy the guitar I want.
I talked with Tom about that.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that as much as we will.
I came to Boston almost three years ago.
I hate it when Tom kisses me in public.
I almost never kiss my children anymore.
I don't really want to go swimming with Tom.
Tom was satisfied, but Mary wasn't.
I admit I did what I said I wouldn't do.
I don't think Tom was impressed.
Tom said that, not me.
I admit I did what I promised not to do.
I sometimes do that with Tom.
I got a note from Tom asking him to meet him after school.
Can you help me escape from this prison?
Tom is a lot better French speaker than you are.
I don't want to talk to Tom ever again.
Your brother said you'd gone to Boston.
I don't pay much attention to what Tom says.
Tom was skeptical, but Mary wasn't.
You're not really over thirty, are you?
I don't think Tom was in Boston.
Tom said he was alone.
You'd better do what we told you to do.
I should've told Tom to wait.
I hope Tom doesn't say anything to Mary about what we did.
You weren't really supposed to do that.
Tom is interested in doing that, but Mary isn't.
I don't want to help Tom do that today.
You don't seem to know what's going on.
I don't need to know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom was surprised, but Mary wasn't.
You don't seem to be willing to change.
I don't think Tom was intrigued.
Tom said he felt weak.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourself.
I never knew Tom was so rich.
I told Tom not to eat the mushrooms he found in the woods.
Why aren't you wearing your sunglasses?
Tom is no longer interested in going to college.
I don't want anything to happen to Tom.
We took a plane from Boston to Chicago.
I don't live in Boston and neither does Tom.
Tom was suspended, but Mary wasn't.
We have a lot of hard work ahead of us.
I don't think Tom was motivated.
Tom said he felt sick.
We flew nonstop from Boston to Chicago.
I kissed Tom on his forehead.
I wonder how Tom and I are going to get this done in time.
This invention will make you very rich.
Tom is only a couple of years younger than I am.
I don't want Tom to go home by himself.
There's no way I can do that by myself.
I don't know why Tom wanted Mary to do that.
Tom was talkative, but Mary wasn't.
There are so many things I want to say.
I don't think Tom was satisfied.
Tom said he felt safe.
Tell me everything you know about that.
I have a lunch date with Tom.
If you and Tom don't hurry, you're going to be late again.
Mary is cute, but she's not very smart.
Tom is planning to stay in Boston until October.
I don't visit Tom as much as I used to.
Mary is both beautiful and intelligent.
I don't know why Tom didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom was terrified, but Mary wasn't.
Just tell me what to do and I'll do it.
I don't think Tom will be fired.
Tom said he felt hurt.
It took me three hours to reach Boston.
I hate Tom. I hate Mary, too.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here who can do that.
I'm the one who usually washes the car.
Tom is supposed to babysit the children tonight.
I don't think Tom would likely do that.
I'm the one who usually milks the goat.
I don't know where Tom is planning on going.
Tom wasn't as prepared as Mary was.
I'm the one who deserves the promotion.
I don't think Tom will be picky.
Tom read Mary's diary.
I'm supposed to go to Boston next week.
I hardly ever agree with Tom.
It won't be easy, but Tom and I are going to do it anyway.
I'm sorry for not being here yesterday.
Tom is the one of the friendliest people I know.
I don't think Tom would let Mary drive.
I'm not very happy about what happened.
I don't know how much time Tom will be here.
Tom wasn't attentive, but Mary was.
I'm heading back to Boston after lunch.
I don't think Tom will be there.
Tom often exaggerates.
I'm gradually getting better at French.
I got Tom to wash the dishes.
Let me show you a picture of Tom that I took last weekend.
I'm going to have to do that on my own.
Tom is the one who might cause us some problems.
I don't think Tom should worry so much.
I'm going to go to Australia next year.
I don't know for certain when Tom will come.
Tom wasn't courteous, but Mary was.
I'm going to eat as soon as I get home.
I don't think Tom will be tired.
Tom never called back.
I'm going to do what you told me to do.
I got Tom to polish my shoes.
Not only is Tom a good actor, he's also very good-looking.
I'm going to do what you tell me to do.
Tom is usually on time and Mary is usually late.
I don't think I'd allow Tom to do that.
I'm going to do what I can to help you.
I don't have the time to help Tom right now.
Tom wasn't depressed, but Mary was.
I'm going to be in Boston next weekend.
I don't think Tom will like you.
Tom must've done this.
I'm going to be here when you get back.
I got Tom to drive Mary home.
Now that Tom is retired, he goes fishing almost every day.
I'm going to be at home this afternoon.
Tom isn't as good at French as I thought he was.
I'm going to be at home all day Monday.
I don't believe Tom did what he said he did.
Tom wasn't dishonest, but Mary was.
I'm going to a cocktail party tomorrow.
I followed Tom into the kitchen.
Tom met Mary in a bar.
I'm going to Boston again next weekend.
I got Tom to do that for you.
That was the part that Tom and I were most confused about.
I'm getting a lot better at doing that.
Tom isn't interested in doing that, but Mary is.
I don't like the way Tom treats my dog.
I'm doing this the right way, aren't I?
I didn't think Tom would be so undependable.
Tom wasn't exhausted, but Mary was.
I'm definitely going to try to do that.
I got Tom to cook dinner for us.
Tom looked back at me.
I'll stay until the end of the concert.
I don't want you to help Tom.
The police are pretty sure that Tom didn't commit suicide.
I'll give you what little money I have.
Tom often invites his friends over to his house.
I don't let Tom go shopping by himself.
I'll give you this book if you want it.
I didn't think Tom would be so enthusiastic.
Tom wasn't impartial, but Mary was.
I'll get in trouble if I don't do that.
I got Tom to lend me some money.
Tom lives near Boston.
I'll be ready by the time you get here.
I don't want to work for Tom.
Tom and I are the only ones who don't know how to do this.
I'd never seen anything like it before.
Tom persuaded Mary to give him her old clarinet.
I don't know how to get to Tom's place.
I wouldn't ever kiss my wife in public.
I didn't think Tom would be so disorganized.
Tom wasn't impatient, but Mary was.
I won't tolerate that type of behavior.
I got a surprise visit from Tom.
Tom left a moment ago.
I wasn't the one who ate your sandwich.
I don't want to surprise Tom.
Tom and I are the only ones who seem to be having any fun.
I was exhausted by the time I got home.
Tom picked up the paintbrush and began painting.
I don't know how badly Tom was injured.
I took a cup and filled it with coffee.
I didn't think Tom would be so disappointed.
Tom wasn't impressed, but Mary was.
I should've agreed to be there by 2:30.
I had another argument with Tom.
Tom left Mary's house.
I should be able to do that eventually.
I don't think Tom was unfair.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who aren't able to do that.
I sent all of my suits to the cleaners.
Tom sent Mary several hundred letters last year.
I don't know either Tom or his brother.
I know Boston like the back of my hand.
I didn't think Tom would be back until 2:30.
Tom wasn't in Boston, but Mary was.
I hope I never make that mistake again.
I had my picture taken with Tom.
Tom left Mary at home.
I hope I get an opportunity to do that.
I don't think Tom was sleepy.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who stayed awake all night.
I have no intention of ever doing that.
Tom spilled some red wine on Mary's white dress.
I don't know Tom as well as I know you.
I have a violin that was made in China.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't happy here.
Tom wasn't incorrect, but Mary was.
I have a three-bedroom house in Boston.
I have a lot of pictures of Tom.
Tom knew how to do it.
I have a lot of unpaid parking tickets.
I don't think Tom was scared.
Tom and I haven't yet decided where to spend our vacation.
I had way too much to drink last night.
Tom started crying and Mary started crying, too.
I don't have as many books as Tom does.
I had strawberry ice cream for dessert.
I could understand everything that Tom said.
Tom wasn't irritated, but Mary was.
I had my reasons for staying in Boston.
I have a twin brother named Tom.
I had brown hair before it turned gray.
I don't think Tom was hungry.
Tom didn't seem to be as adventurous as Mary seemed to be.
I had absolutely nothing to do with it.
Tom told me that Mary would be ready to do that.
I don't go fishing as much as Tom does.
I had a lot of problems in high school.
I can't stop Tom from saying what he thinks.
Tom wasn't objective, but Mary was.
I had a good time when I was in Boston.
I have no idea what Tom will do.
Tom killed Mary's dog.
I got up and walked over to the window.
I don't think Tom was honest.
Tom didn't seem to be as charismatic as Mary seemed to be.
I got to school very late this morning.
Tom upholstered his pistol and aimed it at Mary.
I don't feel like talking to Tom today.
I got tired of waiting, so I went home.
I can't say for sure when Tom will get here.
Tom wasn't satisfied, but Mary was.
I got out of bed and put my clothes on.
I heard Tom's cellphone ringing.
Tom just wanted money.
I got my first job when I was thirteen.
I don't think Tom was boring.
Tom didn't seem to be as competitive as Mary seemed to be.
I got my first computer from my father.
Tom warned Mary that that would probably happen.
I don't care why Tom wanted to do that.
I got mugged on my way home last night.
I advised Tom to leave early in the morning.
Tom wasn't skeptical, but Mary was.
I got into a fight at school yesterday.
I hope I can get Tom to do that.
Tom isn't really busy.
I got a very low score on today's test.
I don't think Tom was asleep.
Tom didn't seem to be as considerate as Mary seemed to be.
I got a part-time job at a gas station.
Tom was the last student to leave the classroom.
I didn't think Tom would be so worried.
I forgot to do what I'm supposed to do.
I advised Tom not to stay out late at night.
Tom wasn't surprised, but Mary was.
I felt very guilty about what happened.
I hope I can meet Tom in Boston.
Tom isn't Mary's boss.
I feel very guilty about what happened.
I don't think Tom was amused.
Tom didn't seem to be as embarrassed as Mary seemed to be.
I expected to win the race, but I lost.
Tom wasn't happy with the way things turned out.
I didn't think Tom would be so selfish.
I don't want to have any more children.
I advised Tom not to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wasn't suspended, but Mary was.
I don't want to hang out with you guys.
I put on Tom's shoes by mistake.
Tom is well, isn't he?
I don't want to buy any of these books.
I don't think Tom was afraid.
Tom didn't seem to be as intelligent as Mary seemed to be.
I don't want to answer those questions.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so pleased.
I don't want people to know about that.
I advised Tom not to believe what Mary says.
Tom wasn't talkative, but Mary was.
I don't usually do that in the morning.
I should've advised Tom to wait.
Tom is sick, it seems.
I don't usually do that in the evening.
I don't think Tom was absent.
Tom didn't seem to be as intoxicated as Mary seemed to be.
I don't think you should worry so much.
Tom will be staying in Boston for several weeks.
I didn't think Tom would be so patient.
I don't think we're allowed to do that.
I advised Tom not to believe what Mary said.
Tom wears glasses and so does Mary.
I don't think we'll be able to do that.
I think Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
Tom is playing Tetris.
I don't think there's any life on Mars.
I don't think Tom left early.
Tom didn't seem to be as overwhelmed as Mary seemed to be.
I don't think that I'd want to do that.
Tom will have to tell Mary the truth eventually.
I didn't think Tom would be so nervous.
I don't think I like what you're doing.
I admitted I did what Tom told me not to do.
Tom went to Boston late last month.
I don't swim as well as I wish I could.
I told Tom to get more exercise.
Tom is mean, isn't he?
I don't see any reason why I should go.
I don't think Tom is pleased.
Tom didn't seem to be as pessimistic as Mary seemed to be.
I don't remember turning off the light.
Tom's ex-wife and Mary's ex-husband got married.
I didn't think Tom would be so jealous.
I don't really like spicy food so much.
I admit I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom will take care of that for you.
I don't plan on going back there again.
I told Tom to go to the dentist.
Tom is making his bed.
I don't need new windshield wipers yet.
I don't think Tom is dressed.
Tom didn't seem to be as sympathetic as Mary seemed to be.
I don't like to stay at home by myself.
Tom's love of the outdoors isn't shared by Mary.
I didn't think Tom would be so grouchy.
I don't like to be corrected in public.
Does Tom look like he knows what he's doing?
Tom wouldn't do anything like that.
I don't like people who aren't on time.
I wish I had a house like Tom's.
Tom is kind, isn't he?
I don't like golf as much as I used to.
I don't think Tom is devious.
Tom didn't tell the police that he'd seen Mary that night.
I don't know very much about Australia.
Tom's pride won't let him admit that he's wrong.
I didn't think Tom would be so furious.
I don't know how to throw a curve ball.
Do you really think Tom is going to do that?
Tom's French is better than Mary's.
I don't know how much time you'll need.
I wonder if Tom would help Mary.
Tom is having a party.
I don't know a whole lot about fishing.
I don't think Tom is bipolar.
Tom doesn't seem to be as adventurous as Mary seems to be.
I don't have to go to school on Monday.
Tom, Mary, John and I often play cards together.
I didn't think Tom would be so frantic.
I don't have to do that, but I want to.
Do you really think Tom is enjoying himself?
Tom's car is new, but Mary's isn't.
I don't have to answer those questions.
I'd never seen Tom dance before.
I don't have the time to eat right now.
I don't think Tom is at home.
Tom doesn't seem to be as charismatic as Mary seems to be.
I don't have many friends in this town.
What's wrong with the way Tom and I are dressed?
I didn't think Tom would be so foolish.
I don't have enough money for a ticket.
A lot has changed since Tom and I were kids.
Tom's invention made him very rich.
I don't have as many friends as you do.
I'll be with Tom the whole time.
Tom is from this town.
I don't have any reason not to do that.
I don't quite agree with Tom.
Tom doesn't seem to be as competitive as Mary seems to be.
I don't go skiing as much as I used to.
You can tell by Tom's accent that he's Canadian.
I didn't think Tom would be so excited.
I don't go rowing as much as I used to.
You know why Tom and I are here, don't you?
Tom's luck seems to be running out.
I don't go hiking as much as I used to.
I'll get Tom do that right away.
Tom is eating a donut.
I don't feel like working this morning.
I don't often agree with Tom.
Tom doesn't seem to be as considerate as Mary seems to be.
I don't eat meat as often as I used to.
You don't seem to be as busy as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be so devious.
I don't do that like most people do it.
You don't want to do that with Tom, do you?
Tom's mother makes his bed for him.
I don't come here as much as I used to.
I'll tell Tom about what we did.
Tom is busy, it seems.
I didn't think Mary would be so pretty.
I don't know why Tom left me.
Tom doesn't seem to be as embarrassed as Mary seems to be.
I didn't realize you wanted to do that.
You don't seem to be as calm as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be so curious.
I didn't realize you needed to do that.
You don't seem to know very much about Tom.
Tom's mother raised him by herself.
I can't see a thing without my glasses.
I'll tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom is back with Mary.
I can't remember where I put my wallet.
I don't allow Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as imaginative as Mary seems to be.
I can't play the trumpet very well yet.
You don't seem to be as conscientious as Tom is.
I didn't think Tom would be so amusing.
I can't make it in to the office today.
You don't seem to be aware of what Tom did.
Was Tom still married to Mary then?
I can't do that today because I'm sick.
I'm glad to see Tom happy again.
Tom is a smart person.
I came to Boston about three years ago.
I didn't think Tom would cry.
Tom doesn't seem to be as influential as Mary seems to be.
I always do what I say I'm going to do.
You don't seem to be as lazy as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be downstairs.
I almost hurt myself trying to do that.
You don't seem to be as resourceful as Tom.
We should ask Tom to join our band.
I almost died when I fell off the roof.
I'm going to ask Tom to do that.
Tom is a small person.
I almost did that when I was in Boston.
I didn't agree to let Tom go.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intelligent as Mary seems to be.
I almost always eat eggs for breakfast.
You don't seem to be aware of what Tom has done.
I didn't think Tom would be busy today.
I admit that I've never been to Boston.
You don't seem to be as creative as Tom is.
What Tom is saying just isn't true.
I admit I didn't do what I said I'd do.
I'm going to eat lunch with Tom.
Tom is a bird watcher.
Could you show me how to use a snorkel?
I agreed to help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intoxicated as Mary seems to be.
You're the one who told me to do that.
You don't seem to be aware of what Tom is doing.
I didn't think Tom would be astonished.
You're not allowed to skateboard here.
You don't seem to be as competitive as Tom.
What Tom said hurt Mary's feelings.
You need to do what we told you to do.
I've agreed to help Tom do that.
Tom is Mary's stepdad.
You don't want to eat with us, do you?
I advised Tom to work harder.
Tom doesn't seem to be as introverted as Mary seems to be.
You don't seem to be trying very hard.
You'd better be careful what you say around Tom.
I didn't realize Tom wanted to do that.
You don't seem to be paying attention.
When Tom was a kid, he read a lot of books.
What's Tom accused me of doing now?
You don't seem to be as bored as I am.
Is Tom still doing his homework?
Tom is Mary's partner.
You don't look much like your brother.
I advised Tom to leave early.
Tom doesn't seem to be as pessimistic as Mary seems to be.
You don't look like you're interested.
Could you please ask Tom if he's going to Boston?
I didn't know that you didn't like Tom.
Why don't you write a song about that?
What's the name of the bar where Tom works?
Which bicycles are Tom's and yours?
When are you coming home this evening?
Let Tom finish what he's saying.
Tom has three laptops.
We'll never get to Boston before dark.
I advised Tom to be punctual.
Tom doesn't seem to be as resourceful as Mary seems to be.
We don't have to worry about that yet.
Do you remember the first time you talked to Tom?
I didn't know that Tom wasn't Canadian.
There's no way that I'll ever do that.
What we do depends on what Tom wants to do.
You can't blame Tom for doing that.
There's a calendar on my refrigerator.
Neither Tom nor Mary sings well.
Tom has quit his band.
The party was boring, so I left early.
Go and see what Tom is doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sympathetic as Mary seems to be.
Please tell us what we're doing wrong.
Don't tell Tom about what we discussed yesterday.
I could understand everything Tom said.
Luckily, I have a mother who loves me.
What was in the envelope that Tom gave you?
You don't look much older than Tom.
It seems like a good day for a picnic.
Please make Tom stop doing that.
Tom has left for good.
It gets very crowded here on weekends.
Do Tom and I need to do that?
Tom doesn't seem to be as trustworthy as Mary seems to be.
If you think I love you, you're right.
Don't you think that Tom is a little old for you?
I can't believe Tom actually said that.
I've been working as a security guard.
Tom wrote the book I was reading last week.
Are these umbrellas Tom's and yours?
I've been out of work for a long time.
Please tell Tom to call me back.
Tom has joined a gang.
I'm the one who turned off the lights.
Do Tom and I have to do that?
Tom doesn't want Mary to see his painting until it's done.
I'm the one who got us into this mess.
For all I know, Tom could be in Boston right now.
I almost forgot to tell Tom to do that.
I'm the one who ate all the ice cream.
Tom works until midnight three days a week.
Are you as excited as Tom and I are?
I'm not the one who usually does this.
That's what Tom and I were told.
Tom has had a bad day.
I'm not the one who usually does that.
Do Tom and I have to be here?
Tom found what he was looking for hidden behind the couch.
I'm going to have to do that tomorrow.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
I admitted I didn't like Tom very much.
I'm going to go to Boston next Monday.
Tom won't be able do that without our help.
Ask Tom if he's planning to help us.
I'm going to freeze to death out here.
That's why Tom and I were there.
Tom has gone for good.
I'm going to find some way to do that.
Are these all Tom's and mine?
Tom has been my best friend for as long as I can remember.
I'm going to do the same thing you do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom said I had to do.
How are Tom and I going to get to work?
I'm going to do that when I have time.
Tom will be released from prison on Monday.
Did Tom stay in Boston last weekend?
I'm going to do that even if it rains.
These chairs are Tom's and mine.
Tom has a vile temper.
I'm going to do that before I go home.
Which one of those is Tom's?
Tom has confessed that he was the one stole Mary necklace.
I'm going to do that as soon as I can.
I almost forgot to tell Tom what he needed to do.
Hardly anyone knows Tom and I are here.
I'm going to be out of town next week.
Tom wasn't as careful as he should've been.
Do Tom and I really have to do that?
I'm going to be in Boston next summer.
This bicycle is mine, not Tom's.
Tom has a stuffy nose.
I'm going to be in Boston next Monday.
What are Tom and I here for?
Tom heard the doorbell ring and went to see who was there.
I'm going to be happy if that happens.
I can't put up with Tom's bad manners any longer.
Guess what Tom and I are doing tonight.
I'm going to be busy tomorrow morning.
Tom was the one who gave me this black eye.
Do Tom and I really need to do that?
I'm going to arrive in Boston at 2:30.
Tom always eats lunch with Mary.
Tom got very offended.
I'm getting tired of all your nagging.
What Tom said made me angry.
Tom is going to be very angry when he finds out the truth.
I'm getting pretty good at doing that.
I couldn't understand what Tom was trying to say.
Do you really think Tom is from Boston?
I'm definitely never going to do that.
Tom was only three months old when he died.
Do you really think Tom is homeless?
I'm certainly going to try to do that.
Tom always takes notes in class.
Tom got very inspired.
I'm already pretty good at doing that.
We weren't able to help Tom.
Tom is hardly ever at home on Mondays, but Mary always is.
I'll pay back what I owe you tomorrow.
I didn't know exactly what Tom was talking about.
Do Tom and I need to do that every day?
I'll let you have that if you want it.
Tom was at home on Monday, but Mary wasn't.
How are Tom and I going to get home?
I'll go to the beach even if it rains.
Tom and I almost never disagree.
Tom got very homesick.
I'll give you a week to get that done.
We weren't able to find Tom.
Tom is too young to understand that what he did was wrong.
I'll be there in about thirty minutes.
I don't have a girlfriend and Tom doesn't either.
Did Tom tell Mary why John was leaving?
I'll be gone by the time you get here.
Tom understands everything that's going on.
How can we be sure Tom will do that?
I won't be present at today's meeting.
Tom and I are likely to be late.
Tom got very hammered.
I want to know what you think this is.
We can't rely on Tom's help.
Tom is usually pessimistic and Mary is usually optimistic.
I think I'm going to enjoy doing that.
I don't know for certain what Tom is going to do.
Did Tom really see what he said he saw?
I seldom need to speak French anymore.
Tom tried to sell me some of his old stuff.
I advised Tom not to buy a used car.
I promise I'll never lie to you again.
Tom and I aren't doing anything.
Tom got very confused.
I often borrow things from my friends.
We all saw Tom kissing Mary.
Tom melted snow, so he could get water to wash the dishes.
I have no idea when I need to do that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are arguing about.
Can you imagine what Tom would've done?
I have no idea when I have to do that.
Tom told us what to buy at the supermarket.
I advised Tom not to drink too much.
I have no idea what's going to happen.
Tom and I aren't good at French.
Tom got close to Mary.
I have absolutely nothing to do today.
Tom's friends must miss him.
Tom said Mary didn't look like she was having a good time.
I have a small garden behind my house.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want us to help him.
At that time, Tom and I were in Boston.
I have a part-time job at a drugstore.
Tom told me that Mary would be very hungry.
I advised Tom not to drive too fast.
I have a lot of problems to deal with.
Tom and I were a little shocked.
Tom got a raise today.
I have a hard time remembering things.
Tom's dog followed him home.
Tom showed Mary the ring he was planning to give to Alice.
I have a grandson who lives in Boston.
I don't really care whether Tom does that or not.
Ask Tom if he's going to do that today.
I have a doctor's appointment at 2:30.
Tom spent all afternoon weeding the garden.
I advised Tom to buy a new computer.
I had trouble getting the window open.
Tom and I'll discuss that later.
Tom finished his work.
I had a lot of things to do yesterday.
Tom will stay here with you.
Tom spends time with his grandmother every Monday evening.
I had a lot of things I wanted to buy.
I don't really know why Tom wanted me to do that.
Who are Tom and I supposed to go with?
I had a lot of things I needed to buy.
Tom seldom talks to people he doesn't know.
I advised Tom to go to see a doctor.
I had a heart attack three months ago.
Tom and Mary talked for a while.
Tom finished his meal.
I got up and began clearing the table.
Tom will stay at home today.
Tom started going to church when he was a college student.
I got scared just like everybody else.
I don't think I'll be able to get Tom to do that.
Where are Tom and I supposed to sleep?
I got out of the car to open the gate.
Tom sees things very differently than I do.
I advised Tom to go to the hospital.
I got into the house through a window.
Tom asked me to leave him alone.
Tom doesn't eat fruit.
I got injured playing rugby last week.
Tom will be back in no time.
Tom was sitting in the shade of a tree and reading a book.
I got in trouble a lot in high school.
I don't think Tom was present at today's meeting.
What are Tom and I supposed to do now?
I got hurt when I fell off the ladder.
Tom said he's happy that Mary is back home.
I almost always ignore Tom's advice.
I got home later than usual yesterday.
Tom asked me to sell him my car.
Tom didn't look at me.
I got bored doing that fairly quickly.
Tom wasn't up, but Mary was.
Tom was sitting on that stump over there not too long ago.
I felt really bad about what I'd done.
I don't think Tom will be at home this afternoon.
What Tom and I are doing is dangerous.
I felt like the luckiest man on earth.
Tom said he was planning to move to Boston.
I can't get Tom to make up his mind.
I feel really bad about what happened.
Tom asked why he had to do that.
Tom committed a crime.
I feel like the luckiest man on earth.
Tom wasn't in, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary go to the dance with him.
I drink a glass of milk every morning.
I don't think Tom will be coming in this morning.
Tom's mother told him to feed the dog.
I don't yet know who wants to do that.
Tom said he didn't want anything to change.
I can't stand seeing Tom so unhappy.
I don't yet know who needs to do that.
Tom bought a pair of sunglasses.
Tom checked his tires.
I don't want to play baseball anymore.
Tom wasn't OK, but Mary was.
Tom wasn't the only boy at the party. John was there, too.
I don't usually talk a lot a meetings.
I don't usually get along with Tom's girlfriends.
Tom won't be able to make that happen.
I don't usually stay up late at night.
Tom said he didn't sleep at all last night.
I can't understand why Tom is angry.
I don't usually drink wine at parties.
Tom braided his daughter's hair.
Tom came here on foot.
I don't usually do this kind of thing.
Tom was warned to stay away.
Tom went into the kitchen to grab himself a cup of coffee.
I don't usually carry much cash on me.
I had a lot of respect for Tom until he did that.
Tom won't be able to help us tomorrow.
I don't usually buy expensive clothes.
Tom said Mary didn't look worried about it.
I didn't expect Tom to be so amused.
I don't think your approach will work.
Tom built this cabin by himself.
Tom called Mary names.
I don't think that you should do that.
Tom was up, but Mary wasn't.
Tom's door was unlocked, so I didn't need a key to get in.
I don't think it's such a big problem.
I have a new pair of sunglasses that Tom gave me.
Tom will stay in Boston until October.
I don't think I could ever eat a worm.
Tom said Mary didn't look very happy today.
I didn't expect Tom to be so unkind.
I don't think I can trust you anymore.
Tom called Mary from a payphone.
Tom bought a new coat.
I don't think I can do that that soon.
Tom was thirty minutes late.
When Tom's wife heard that he'd been fired, she got upset.
I don't ski as well as I wish I could.
I have a pretty good idea where Tom might be now.
Tom will only come if Mary comes, too.
I don't see why you shouldn't do that.
Tom said Mary didn't look very comfortable.
I didn't know Tom wasn't happy here.
I don't remember agreeing to help you.
Tom came to Boston to study art.
Tom became very tired.
I don't really like this kind of food.
Tom was out late last night.
Which of these tennis rackets is Tom's and which is yours?
I don't really have any close friends.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom isn't here now.
Tom will be going back to Boston soon.
I don't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom said Mary didn't look happy to see you.
I didn't think Tom would be present.
I don't live too far from the station.
Tom could save Mary if he tried.
Tom became very tipsy.
I don't listen to heavy metal anymore.
Tom was in, but Mary wasn't.
Would you like to see a picture of Tom and his girlfriend?
I don't like to be indebted to anyone.
I haven't yet gotten Tom's permission to do that.
Tom will be back soon, but Mary won't.
I don't like the house that I live in.
Tom said Mary didn't look happy to see him.
I didn't think Tom would be serious.
I don't like people touching my stuff.
Tom couldn't get a hold of Mary.
Tom became very tense.
I don't like people taking my picture.
Tom was OK, but Mary wasn't.
Would you like to see a picture of Tom when he was a baby?
I don't like people saying I'm stupid.
I ordered a steak for me and a hamburger for Tom.
Tom wasn't disappointed, but Mary was.
I don't like people calling me stupid.
Tom said I didn't look much like my mother.
I didn't think Tom would be so busy.
I don't like being told I'm too young.
Tom dated Mary for three months.
Tom became very bored.
I don't like being spoken to that way.
Tom wants to work with Mary.
You don't have to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
I don't know who painted that picture.
I should've told Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
Tom wasn't at the party, but Mary was.
I don't know who I can ask for advice.
Tom said I didn't look much like my father.
I didn't think Tom would be so fast.
I don't know what to make of all this.
Tom didn't go to Mary's wedding.
Tom ate three bananas.
I don't know anything about investing.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary.
You don't seem to be as claustrophobic as Tom seems to be.
I don't know anything about astronomy.
I shouldn't have agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom wasn't as busy as you said he was.
I don't have much money, but I get by.
Tom really needs to pay attention in class.
I didn't think Tom would be so late.
I don't have as many stamps as you do.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him.
Tom and I were scared.
I don't have any cash on me right now.
Tom wanted to eat spaghetti.
Even though it wasn't easy, Tom and I were able to do that.
I don't go fishing very often anymore.
I shouldn't have agreed to meet Tom after school.
Tom wasn't angry and neither was Mary.
I don't get as much sleep as I should.
Tom played hockey on the same team as John.
I didn't think Tom would be so lazy.
I don't eat meat as much as I used to.
Tom didn't want to get arrested.
Tom and I aren't rich.
I don't eat as much fruit as I should.
Tom used to have a mustache.
Every time Tom comes to Boston, he never fails to visit me.
I don't do that now the way I used to.
I told Tom he should take better care of himself.
Tom wasn't able to support his family.
I don't do that as often as I want to.
Tom moved to Boston almost three years ago.
I didn't think Tom would be so mean.
I don't do much other than read books.
Tom does everything by the book.
Tom and I are working.
I don't care what people say about me.
Tom took the money and left.
How are Tom and I going to get this done without your help?
I didn't think I'd be this busy today.
I told Tom to come back home as soon as he could.
Tom was very interested in doing that.
I didn't know that you had to do that.
Tom lived in this neighborhood for a while.
I didn't think Tom would be so neat.
I didn't know that you didn't do that.
Tom doesn't like scrambled eggs.
Tom always seems busy.
I didn't get back home until very late.
Tom told Mary why John left.
I advised Tom not to believe everything he read on the Web.
I can't go swimming with you tomorrow.
I told Tom to come back home as soon as possible.
Tom was told that he ought to do that.
I can't decide which approach to take.
Tom left the house early on Monday morning.
I didn't think Tom would be so nice.
I can't afford to take a vacation now.
Tom doesn't really have to work.
The police let Tom go.
I can't afford to lose any more money.
Tom stole some of my things.
I can't remember the last time Tom and I did that together.
I almost never walk anywhere nowadays.
I used to like Tom, but I don't like him anymore.
Tom was supposed to do that on Monday.
I almost never go to places like that.
Tom is younger than most of his classmates.
I didn't think Tom would be so nosy.
I almost never drink beer before noon.
Tom doesn't want Mary to suffer.
The jury believed Tom.
I almost never do that in the morning.
Tom should've waited longer.
I didn't think Tom would be so amused by what was going on.
I almost forgot my umbrella at school.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever works on Monday.
Tom was sitting here not too long ago.
I almost always get to places on time.
Tom is trying to figure out how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so rude.
I almost always do what I say I'll do.
Tom enjoys going to the theater.
The bullet missed Tom.
I admit that I'm the one who did that.
Tom saw a dog in Mary's car.
I didn't think the movie was as good as Tom thought it was.
Here's a list of things we need to do.
I'd already eaten lunch by the time Tom got here.
Tom was the only one here when I got here.
Could you tell me what you want to do?
Tom is the only banjo teacher in this area.
I didn't think Tom would be so slow.
Could you tell me what you need to do?
Tom got rid of his old computer.
Please dance with Tom.
Could you tell me what you have to do?
Tom said he was very sleepy.
I don't like Tom's sense of humor and he doesn't like mine.
You'll be exhausted after doing that.
I'd like to know how long Tom plans to stay here.
Tom was lucky to survive the accident.
You'd better hurry or you'll be late.
Tom is staying in Australia with his uncle.
I didn't want Tom to do what he did.
You need to pay attention to details.
Tom got very good at doing that.
Isn't that Tom's wife?
You don't seem to smile much anymore.
Tom said he was very lonely.
I don't remember the last time Tom and I did that together.
You don't seem to be very busy today.
I'll be very disappointed if Tom doesn't do that.
Tom was drunk the last time I saw him.
You don't seem any busier than usual.
Tom is playing basketball with his friends.
I don't do that as much as Tom does.
You don't look much like your mother.
Tom has been working three jobs.
Is that Tom's brother?
You don't look much like your father.
Tom said he was comfortable.
I don't think Tom is as wealthy as most people think he is.
You don't have to tell that me again.
I'm going to try to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom was disappointed, but Mary wasn't.
You don't have to protect me anymore.
Tom is hesitant to do that, but Mary isn't.
I don't do that as well as Tom does.
You don't have to explain that to me.
Tom has called for an ambulance.
I want Tom to kiss me.
You don't cry as much as you used to.
Tom said he was a bit tired.
I don't think Tom will be ready to do that until next year.
Why do you have a knife in your hand?
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play that song.
Tom was at Mary's house all day today.
Why did you live in Boston last year?
Tom is having trouble breathing on his own.
I don't have time to help Tom today.
We've been working as hard as we can.
Tom has never visited Australia.
I love Tom's daughter.
We'll never reach Boston before dark.
Tom said he felt vulnerable.
I got to know Tom well when we worked together last summer.
We might want to do that next summer.
Maybe Tom and I aren't supposed to be doing this.
Tom wants me to go with him to Boston.
We don't yet know what we need to do.
Tom is good at programming, but Mary isn't.
I don't have to protect Tom anymore.
We don't yet know what we have to do.
Tom has offered to take me home.
I had a date with Tom.
The doctor said I have a brain tumor.
Tom said he felt very tired.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom was a vegetarian.
That's something we need to do today.
They looked at Tom, but they didn't say anything.
Tom walked home from school with Mary.
My boss has asked for my resignation.
Tom is a lot happier since he changed jobs.
I don't know how sick Tom really is.
Mary is the cutest girl in our class.
Tom has probably just done that.
I felt Tom's forehead.
Many famous musicians live in Boston.
Tom said he felt very happy.
Somewhere out there, there's a girl that's perfect for Tom.
It'll take me that long to get ready.
Tom actually thought he could get away with that.
Tom unloaded his tools from the truck.
It looks like I was wrong about that.
Tom is a lot better at French than you are.
I don't know what Tom is looking at.
I've been invited to stay for dinner.
Tom has recently gotten married.
I don't hate you, Tom.
I've been invited to a party tonight.
Tom said he felt threatened.
There's no way Tom and I are going to do that by ourselves.
I've already told you not to do that.
Tom almost always does what he promises he'll do.
Tom took advantage of the opportunity.
I've already told what you should do.
Tom is a beginner, but he's a fast learner.
I don't know what Tom's motives are.
I'm the only one who knew the answer.
Tom heard Mary's cries for help.
I'm the one who turned on the lights.
Tom said he felt persecuted.
Today's not only Valentine's Day, it's also Tom's birthday.
I'm the one who suggested doing this.
Tom already knows what Mary is going to tell him.
Tom took Mary out last Monday evening.
I'm the one who suggested doing that.
Tom has put off his departure until Monday.
I don't know where Tom studies French.
I'm the one who organized everything.
Tom helped Mary fix her bicycle.
I'm the one who handled that problem.
Tom said he felt invincible.
Tom and I are the only ones who know what needs to be done.
I'm the one who designed this jacket.
Tom always carries a rabbit's foot for good luck.
Tom told me that Mary would be sleepy.
I'm really mad at you for doing that.
Tom has been subpoenaed to appear in court.
I don't know why Tom is mad at Mary.
I'm not the same person I used to be.
Tom helped Mary tune her guitar.
I advised Tom to rest.
I'm happy that I was able to do that.
Tom said he felt humiliated.
Tom and I aren't really friends, but we do know each other.
I'm going to show you how to do that.
Tom always gives Mary flowers on Valentine's Day.
Tom told me that Mary would be scared.
I'm going to have to stop doing that.
Tom has been staying with me since October.
I don't know why Tom wanted me here.
I'm going to have to do that as well.
Tom honked his horn three times.
Does Tom like oranges?
I'm going to find out how to do that.
Tom said he felt frustrated.
Tom and I aren't rich enough to buy a house on Park Street.
I'm going to do that some other time.
Tom and I are the ones who should be apologizing.
Tom told me that Mary would be lonely.
I'm going to do that in a day or two.
Tom has been out of town since last Monday.
I don't need to explain that to Tom.
I'm going to buy this purple sweater.
Tom is a little scared, I think.
Does Tom have a piano?
I'm going to buy a new bicycle today.
Tom needs to tell the truth.
Tom and I were the only ones who got up early this morning.
I'm going to be out of town all week.
Tom and I aren't at all interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary would be afraid.
I'm going to be in Boston for a week.
Tom has been helpful, but Mary hasn't been.
I don't need to protect Tom anymore.
I'm going to be in Boston all summer.
Tom is a little weird, isn't he?
Are those Tom's shoes?
I'm going to be here only a few days.
Tom needs to see his lawyer.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who didn't know what to do.
I'm going to be here for three weeks.
Tom and I aren't very likely to do that together.
Tom threw his sandwich out the window.
I'm going to be at the party tonight.
Tom has been doing the same job for many years.
I don't really care what Tom thinks.
I'm going to arrive tomorrow evening.
Tom is arrogant, but Mary isn't.
Are those Tom's books?
I'm getting off at the next bus stop.
Tom needs to buy a new coat.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in front of the library at 2:30.
I'm getting a lot better at swimming.
Tom and I have no idea what we're supposed to do.
Tom spent all day reading comic books.
I'm also not very good at doing that.
Tom has always been a very friendly person.
I don't really want Tom at my party.
I'm able to do that without any help.
Tom is artistic, but Mary isn't.
You should phone Tom.
I'll try to do that before I go home.
Tom needs a new pencil case.
Tom didn't believe Mary when she told him where she'd been.
I'll take both this one and that one.
Tom and I were the ones who should've left early.
Tom slept until 2:30 in the afternoon.
I'll probably get fired if I do that.
Tom has already been offered a couple jobs.
I don't really want to eat with Tom.
I'll never forget what just happened.
Tom is athletic, but Mary isn't.
Which house is Tom's?
I'll meet you at the station at 2:30.
Tom loves going to concerts.
Tom didn't seem to be as conservative as Mary seemed to be.
I'll have the report ready by Monday.
Tom and I were the ones who suggested doing that.
Tom showed Mary how to shoot a pistol.
I'll go to the library tomorrow, too.
Tom got his first computer from his father.
I don't remember Tom's uncle's name.
I'll give you everything in this box.
Tom is bad at remembering names.
What are Tom's plans?
I'll be there by the end of the week.
Tom lives on a quiet street.
Tom didn't seem to be as disappointed as Mary seemed to be.
I'll be really tired when I get home.
Tom and I were the only ones who failed the test.
Tom seems really concerned about Mary.
I'll be here for a couple more hours.
Tom followed Mary's footprints in the snow.
I don't think I've ever lied to Tom.
I'd probably get fired if I did that.
Tom is barefoot, but Mary isn't.
Was Tom here earlier?
I'd love to spend more time with you.
Tom likes going to concerts.
Tom didn't seem to be as disorganized as Mary seemed to be.
I'd forgotten that I'd put this here.
Tom and I were the only ones who knew about that.
Tom seemed to really enjoy doing that.
I'd be very interested in doing that.
Tom eventually did what we asked him to do.
I don't think Tom can do that today.
I wish I had a bicycle like this one.
Tom is careless, but Mary isn't.
Tom's door is locked.
I wish I could afford to buy a house.
Tom knows he can trust Mary.
Tom didn't seem to be as enthusiastic as Mary seemed to be.
I was supposed to do that last night.
Tom and Mary are having a party tomorrow evening.
Tom seemed to know exactly what to do.
I took a lot of pictures last summer.
Tom drank something that he shouldn't have.
I don't think Tom has been disloyal.
I thought you didn't need to do that.
Tom is confused, but Mary isn't.
Tom will never leave.
I thought you didn't have to do that.
Tom isn't slow, but Mary is.
Tom didn't seem to be as undependable as Mary seemed to be.
I think I'm falling in love with you.
Tom and Mary met when they were college students.
Tom seemed surprised, but Mary didn't.
I think I have a good sense of humor.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom is active anymore.
I shouldn't have agreed to come back.
Tom is creative, but Mary isn't.
Tom will follow Mary.
I only wear glasses when I'm reading.
Tom isn't sick, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as conservative as Mary seems to be.
I often need to speak French at work.
Tom apparently didn't really do what he said did.
Tom sat in the back of the auditorium.
I often borrow money from my friends.
Tom doesn't want Mary to think he's a wimp.
I don't think Tom is being truthful.
I knew something was about to happen.
Tom is credible, but Mary isn't.
Tom went to the bank.
I have this large room all to myself.
Tom isn't safe, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as disappointed as Mary seems to be.
I have one brother and three sisters.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow thirty dollars.
Tom said he was looking for adventure.
I have all of my suits made to order.
Tom doesn't want Mary to think he's a jerk.
I don't think Tom is claustrophobic.
I have absolutely no idea what to do.
Tom is diabetic, but Mary isn't.
Tom was excited, too.
I have three handsome teenage sons.
Tom isn't rude, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as disorganized as Mary seems to be.
I have a lot of work to do this week.
Tom asked Mary if she'd mind closing the windows.
Tom said he felt completely powerless.
I have a lot of things I want to buy.
Tom doesn't want Mary to think he's a fool.
I don't think Tom is very assertive.
I have a lot of things I need to buy.
Tom is divorced, but Mary isn't.
Tom trusted his Mary.
I have a lot of things I have to buy.
Tom isn't rich, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as enthusiastic as Mary seems to be.
I have a lot of questions to ask you.
Tom asked me to give Mary enough time to do that.
Tom said he felt a little intimidated.
I have a lot of clothes in my closet.
Tom doesn't want Mary to come to the party.
I don't think Tom was being sincere.
I have a house not too far from here.
Tom is finished, but Mary isn't.
Tom taught Mary golf.
I have a hard time remembering names.
Tom isn't poor, but Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as undependable as Mary seems to be.
I have a cousin who can speak French.
Tom came to Boston a little over three years ago.
Tom said he didn't hear any screaming.
I have a couple of friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't want Mary to come to his party.
I don't think Tom was disrespectful.
I have a calendar on my refrigerator.
Tom is flexible, but Mary isn't.
Tom should call Mary.
I have a bump on the back of my head.
Tom isn't playing the piano.
Tom goes to his grandparents' house in Boston every summer.
I have a brother who works in Boston.
Tom didn't even open the letter he got from Mary.
Tom said Mary didn't look too worried.
I have a brother who lives in Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talented as Mary.
I don't think Tom will be impatient.
I had an argument with my girlfriend.
Tom is friendly, but Mary isn't.
Tom sent Mary a text.
I had a dream that I won the lottery.
Tom isn't nice, but Mary is.
Tom grabbed the money on the table and ran out of the room.
I got tired of waiting and went home.
Tom didn't get here as early as he said he would.
Tom said Mary didn't look that strong.
I got three presents for my birthday.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ruthless as Mary.
I don't think Tom will be safe here.
I got there just in the nick of time.
Tom is generous, but Mary isn't.
Tom said he felt bad.
I got straight A's on my report card.
Tom isn't lazy, but Mary is.
Tom has known Mary since they were both in the third grade.
I got out my key and opened the door.
Tom didn't seem to be having as much fun as Mary.
Tom said Mary didn't look rich to him.
I got most of the things I asked for.
Tom doesn't seem to be as involved as Mary.
I don't think that we can trust Tom.
I got injured in an accident at work.
Tom is going on a business trip.
Tom read the article.
I got in through the bathroom window.
Tom isn't hurt, but Mary is.
Tom hopes that the police find out who killed his daughter.
I got home just before the storm hit.
Tom didn't want Mary to do the same thing he did.
Tom said I didn't look like my mother.
I got back home just before midnight.
Tom doesn't seem to be as decisive as Mary.
I don't understand what Tom's doing.
I felt something was about to happen.
Tom is gullible, but Mary isn't.
Tom often works late.
I don't want you hanging around here.
Tom isn't home, but Mary is.
Tom is going to be very angry when he finds out what I did.
I don't want to spend more than $300.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston without him.
Tom said I didn't look like my father.
I don't want to know what's going on.
Tom doesn't seem to be as confused as I am.
I don't want Tom to go hang gliding.
I don't want to go to lunch with you.
Tom is homeless, but Mary isn't.
Tom never buys bread.
I don't want to buy this kind of car.
Tom isn't here, but Mary is.
Tom is one of my neighbors, but I don't know him very well.
I don't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom doesn't like it when people take his picture.
Tom said I didn't look like a teacher.
I don't want to go, but I have to.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bored as Mary is.
I don't want you to do that for Tom.
I don't usually say much at meetings.
Tom is homesick, but Mary isn't.
Tom needs a new coat.
I don't think you'll be able to do that.
Tom isn't fast, but Mary is.
Tom is without a doubt a lot better at French than you are.
I don't think they'll let me do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as claustrophobic as Mary.
Tom put salt in his coffee by mistake.
I don't think the zoo is open today.
Tom doesn't seem to be as artistic as Mary.
I got Tom to help me paint my house.
I don't think I'll be busy next week.
Tom is impolite, but Mary isn't.
Tom missed his train.
I don't think I have time to do that.
Tom isn't done, but Mary is.
Tom met a woman from Australia when he was visiting Boston.
I don't ride the bus to work anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to do that as much as Mary does.
Tom put his hands back in his pockets.
I don't really want to eat right now.
Tom doesn't look like a teacher, but he is.
I got a blanket and put it over Tom.
I don't really need to do that, do I?
Tom is innocent, but Mary isn't.
Tom made up his mind.
I don't really have to do that, do I?
Tom isn't deaf, but Mary is.
Tom says you can only believe about half of what Mary says.
I don't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom filled the bottle with water from the spring.
Tom opened the door to let his dog in.
I don't plan to do that until Monday.
Tom doesn't like to have his picture taken.
I got a call from someone named Tom.
I don't often eat out with my family.
Tom is leaving in a few minutes.
Tom likes his school.
I don't often do that in the morning.
Tom isn't cool, but Mary is.
Tom seemed to be interested in doing that, but Mary wasn't.
I don't often do that in the evening.
Tom flipped on the lights as he entered the room.
Tom must've been the one who did this.
I don't often come to Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't like people taking his picture.
I got another letter from Tom today.
I don't need to use crutches anymore.
Tom is leaving in about an hour.
Tom likes Mary's dog.
I don't need to learn how to do that.
Tom isn't cold, but Mary is.
Tom still hasn't admitted that he was the one who did that.
I don't like to get my picture taken.
Tom gave Mary a couple of tickets to his concert.
Tom made it to Boston before midnight.
I don't like the way the movie ended.
Tom doesn't know this area as well as I do.
I got lost on my way to Tom's house.
I don't like talking about my family.
Tom is obedient, but Mary isn't.
Tom left Mary's room.
I don't like our neighbors very much.
Tom isn't busy, but Mary is.
Tom understands French a lot better than you think he does.
I don't like multiple choice quizzes.
Tom has been working as a plumber for many years.
Tom loaded his equipment on his truck.
I don't like either of those options.
Tom doesn't know how much we need his help.
I had expected Tom to be there, too.
I don't know how to tie my shoelaces.
Tom is with his dogs.
I don't know anything about politics.
Tom isn't as strong as I am.
I didn't think the movie was as funny as Tom thought it was.
I don't have what you're looking for.
Tom has never read the Bible all the way through.
Tom knows what Mary is supposed to do.
I don't have the patience to do that.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him doing that.
I had no idea Tom wanted to do that.
I don't have as much money as you do.
Tom is outgoing, but Mary isn't.
Tom is very peculiar.
I don't give my wife flowers anymore.
Tom isn't as strict as I am.
I don't always do what Tom tells me to do, but I usually do.
I don't get up as early as I used to.
Tom hummed to himself while he washed the dishes.
Tom kissed the tips of Mary's fingers.
I don't enjoy listening to the radio.
Tom didn't want Mary to go home by herself.
I have a date with Tom this evening.
I don't earn enough money to live on.
Tom is prepared, but Mary isn't.
Tom is very muscular.
I don't care whether you stay or not.
Tom isn't as skinny as I am.
I don't do anything without first asking Tom if I can do it.
I don't care whether you come or not.
Tom is amused by what's going on, but Mary isn't.
Tom just couldn't resist teasing Mary.
I didn't know I had to do that today.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that by herself.
I have a longer beard than Tom does.
I didn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom is reckless, but Mary isn't.
Tom is on this train.
I can't remember where I put my keys.
Tom isn't as mad as Mary is.
I don't have enough money now to buy Tom a birthday present.
I can't make it to the meeting today.
Tom is from a small town not too far from Boston.
Tom isn't like anyone I've ever known.
I can't make ends meet on my pension.
Tom didn't seem to be as talkative as Mary.
I have no idea what Tom needs to do.
I can't do that as well as I used to.
Tom is reliable, but Mary isn't.
Tom is nobody's fool.
I can't decide who I should vote for.
Tom isn't as hungry as I am.
I don't really care how Tom does that as long as he does it.
I can't be fired. I'm the boss's son.
Tom is going to stay in Boston for several weeks.
Tom isn't home on Monday, but Mary is.
I almost went to Boston last weekend.
Tom didn't seem to be as observant as Mary.
I have no idea what Tom plans to do.
I almost never wear a hat these days.
Tom is rich, young and handsome.
Tom is in the garage.
I almost never walk anywhere anymore.
Tom isn't as direct as I am.
I don't think Tom lied to us, but I know Mary thinks he did.
I almost forgot about the conference.
Tom is probably the only one who knows the truth.
Tom isn't claustrophobic, but Mary is.
I almost drowned in my swimming pool.
Tom didn't seem to be as obnoxious as Mary.
I have no idea what Tom wants to do.
I almost didn't have time to do that.
Tom is sociable, but Mary isn't.
I almost always do that after dinner.
Tom is well, but Mary isn't.
I don't think Tom will be as busy today as he was yesterday.
Here's a picture of me and my family.
Tom isn't amused by what's going on, but Mary is.
Tom isn't a student here, but Mary is.
Have you been keeping out of trouble?
Tom didn't seem to be as motivated as Mary.
I have no idea what Tom's plans are.
Do you know how to tie a square knot?
Tom is always crying.
Do you always carry a knife with you?
Tom is wearing a kilt today.
I don't think Tom will eat the salad if it has onions in it.
Did it snow while you were in Boston?
Tom isn't as interested in doing that as Mary is.
Tom is working the late shift tonight.
Did it rain while you were in Boston?
Tom didn't seem to be as bored as Mary was.
I have no idea when Tom will arrive.
Could you tell me what I need to buy?
Tom is stubborn, but Mary isn't.
Tom is a wealthy guy.
Could you sharpen this pencil for me?
Tom is wealthy and powerful.
I got off the bus and waited for Tom to come and pick me up.
You've seen too many romance movies.
Tom laughed at me because I had paint in my hair.
Tom is usually a lot faster than Mary.
You need to hurry or you'll be late.
Tom didn't seem to be as assertive as Mary.
I just got another message from Tom.
You don't seem to be very concerned.
Tom is talented, but Mary isn't.
Tom has located Mary.
You don't seem to be afraid anymore.
I had my headphones on so I didn't hear Tom enter the room.
You don't seem particularly worried.
Tom left Mary a message on her answering machine.
Tom is usually a lot busier than Mary.
You don't look particularly worried.
Tom didn't do what he was accused of doing.
I should've advised Tom to go there.
You don't look particularly pleased.
Tom is the best musician I know.
Tom has hired a maid.
You don't look like a weight lifter.
Tom is tidy, but Mary isn't.
I hope Tom doesn't say anything to Mary about what happened.
You don't have to leave now, do you?
Tom said I didn't look like I was having any fun.
Tom is used to doing that in the dark.
You can't just do whatever you want.
Tom couldn't do everything he wanted to do.
I shouldn't have agreed to help Tom.
You can't just do anything you want.
Tom is the only plumber in town.
Tom had Mary do that.
Why are you carrying a baseball bat?
Tom is thin, but Mary isn't.
I think Boston is the only city Tom is planning on going to.
We'll be getting married in October.
Tom said I didn't look like either of my parents.
Tom is returning from Boston tomorrow.
We don't yet know what we should do.
Tom came all the way from Boston to see me.
I still don't think Tom can do that.
There's something else I want to do.
Tom is ticklish, but Mary isn't.
Tom got very worried.
There's something else I have to do.
Tom is the best cook I know.
I wanted to kiss Tom, and I think he wanted to kiss me, too.
That's the house that I want to buy.
Tom said I didn't need to go if I didn't want to.
Tom is really interested in chemistry.
Someday, all this will become yours.
Tom buys clothes at a store on Park Street.
I think Tom has high blood pressure.
Please don't do that while I'm here.
Tom is unbiased, but Mary isn't.
Tom got very wealthy.
Please do me a favor and just leave.
Tom is tall, but Mary isn't.
I'm living in Tom's house this year while he's in Australia.
Please allow me to introduce myself.
Tom said Mary didn't look like her mother at all.
Tom is one year behind Mary in school.
Let's go to a vegetarian restaurant.
Tom asked why Mary was required to do that.
I think Tom should be more discreet.
Let's go out somewhere and have fun.
Tom isn't Canadian, but Mary is.
Tom got very violent.
Let me explain the situation to you.
Tom is still full of energy.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to say "thank you" in French.
Is there a nonstop flight to Boston?
Tom says he can't remember exactly what happened.
Tom is one of the fattest guys I know.
I've been told not to do that today.
Tom asked me to show him how to cook trout.
I think what Tom told you was wrong.
I've always wished I had a daughter.
Tom isn't a doctor, but Mary is.
Tom got very thirsty.
I'm very happy I did that yesterday.
Tom is slow, but Mary isn't.
I've been told Tom and I aren't supposed to do that anymore.
I'm the one who took these pictures.
Tom says he feels really bad about what happened.
Tom is one of the best artists I know.
I'm the one who should've done that.
Tom asked me if Mary could use my computer.
I thought Tom was going to be angry.
I'm the one who organized the party.
Tom isn't annoying, but Mary is.
Tom got very puzzled.
I'm the one who know how to do that.
Tom is sick, but Mary isn't.
Please don't you think that Tom is too old to be doing that?
I'm the one who filed the complaint.
Tom seems like he can't wait to get away from me.
Tom is in his office, doing paperwork.
I'm the one who caused the accident.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's phone number.
I used to like Tom, but not anymore.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that.
Tom isn't artistic, but Mary is.
Tom got very popular.
I'm going to start doing that today.
Tom is seeing another woman.
Since both Tom and I were sick, neither of us went swimming.
I'm going to leave here before 2:30.
Tom seems to really think that's going to happen.
Tom is home on Monday, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to do what I've got to do.
Tom asked Mary to go to the party with him.
I visited Tom while I was in Boston.
I'm going to do that this afternoon.
Tom isn't as careful as Mary is.
Tom got very nervous.
I'm going to do that on Monday, too.
Tom is scared of his father.
This is a picture of Tom and me when we were three years old.
I'm going to do that in the morning.
Tom should be out of the hospital by next Monday.
Tom is good at French, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to do that again tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary to go to the dance with him.
I wish I knew what Tom was thinking.
I'm going to come back here tonight.
Tom isn't as determined as I am.
Tom got very jittery.
I'm going to be in Boston on Monday.
Tom is safe, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I are going to be late for school if we don't hurry.
I'm going to be in Boston next year.
Tom still doesn't know what he's supposed to buy.
Tom is claustrophobic, but Mary isn't.
I'm going to be back home on Monday.
Tom arrived by helicopter, but left by car.
I wonder if Tom and I are safe here.
I'm going to be here this afternoon.
Tom isn't as methodical as I am.
Tom got very jealous.
I'm going to be here for three days.
Tom is rude, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I are going to be up all night studying for an exam.
I'm going to be here for a few days.
Tom still hasn't done what he was supposed to do.
Tom is always giving Mary a hard time.
I'm going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary often work together on Monday.
I'd love to hear Tom sing with Mary.
I'm going to be all right, aren't I?
Tom isn't as optimistic as I am.
Tom got very grouchy.
I'm going to ask you some questions.
Tom is rich, but Mary isn't.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who think that's a good idea.
I'm going to Boston for three weeks.
Tom stopped what he was doing and looked at Mary.
Tom is a doctor, just like his father.
I'm expected to do that later today.
Tom and Mary have been avoiding each other.
I'll leave as soon as Tom gets here.
I'm big enough to do that by myself.
Tom isn't as overweight as I am.
Tom got very curious.
I'll teach you how to play chess.
Tom is responsible for that.
Tom and Mary got married last summer, but not to each other.
I'll spend next winter in Australia.
Tom told me that Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom is digging a hole in his backyard.
I'll send you a copy of my schedule.
Tom and Mary got married in a small church.
I'll never ask Tom to help me again.
I'll probably get up early tomorrow.
Tom isn't as particular as I am.
Tom got very annoyed.
I'll go hiking even if it's raining.
Tom is really handsome, too.
Tom dated Mary for several months when they were in college.
I'll give you permission to do that.
Tom tried one of the cookies that Mary had baked.
Tom has volunteered to take Mary home.
I'll give you a call tomorrow night.
Tom and Mary discussed what they should do.
I'll never forget the day I met Tom.
I'll do that no matter what you say.
Tom isn't as passionate as I am.
Tom got stung by a bee.
I'll be working in Boston on Monday.
Tom is probably just scared.
Tom didn't seem to be as compassionate as Mary seemed to be.
I'll be very hungry when I get home.
Tom tried to sell his old car to a man in Boston.
Tom has recently lost a lot of weight.
I'll be out for the rest of the day.
Tom and Mary are staying at the same hotel.
I'll tell Tom what needs to be done.
I'll be in Boston until next Monday.
Tom isn't athletic, but Mary is.
Tom got here on foot.
I'll be here for the next few hours.
Tom is poor, but Mary isn't.
Tom didn't seem to be as conscientious as Mary seemed to be.
I'll be back the day after tomorrow.
Tom was much better skier than I thought he'd be.
Tom has put on weight since last year.
I'll be back again as soon as I can.
Tom and Mary always play tennis on Mondays.
I'll tell Tom what ought to be done.
I'd live here year-round if I could.
Tom isn't barefoot, but Mary is.
Tom fired his weapon.
I'd like a nonstop flight to Boston.
Tom is our business manager.
Tom didn't seem to be as self-conscious as Mary seemed to be.
I'd be disappointed if that happens.
Tom was only a couple of months old when he died.
Tom has never gotten a parking ticket.
I won't let you back into the house.
Tom and I were the only ones who were busy.
I'll try to contact Tom again later.
I wasn't really supposed to do that.
Tom isn't careless, but Mary is.
Tom fired his pistol.
I think we need to change the rules.
Tom is on the football team.
Tom doesn't seem to be as compassionate as Mary seems to be.
I spent the whole day planting corn.
Tom was swimming in the pool when I last saw him.
Tom has gotten fatter since last year.
I sometimes forget to use sunscreen.
Tom and I were the ones who had to do that.
I'm going to ask Tom how to do that.
I shouldn't have taken my shoes off.
Tom isn't confused, but Mary is.
Tom feels better now.
I seldom leave the house these days.
Tom is nice, but Mary isn't.
Tom doesn't seem to be as conscientious as Mary seems to be.
I might be homeless by next October.
Tom went back into the burning house to get Mary.
Tom has gained weight since last year.
I have your name tattooed on my arm.
Tom and I were best friends in high school.
I'm going to ask Tom if he can swim.
I have to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom isn't creative, but Mary is.
Tom earns good money.
I have no idea who wants to do that.
Tom is neat, but Mary isn't.
Tom doesn't seem to be as irresponsible as Mary seems to be.
I have no idea who needs to do that.
Tom will be marrying Mary the day after tomorrow.
Tom has been to your place, hasn't he?
I have no idea what I'm looking for.
Tom and I aren't planning to sing together.
I'm going to ask Tom not to do that.
I have all day to finish doing this.
Tom isn't diabetic, but Mary is.
Tom deserves the job.
I have all day to finish doing that.
Tom is mean, but Mary isn't.
Tom doesn't seem to be as materialistic as Mary seems to be.
I have a really big day ahead of me.
Tom's love of the outdoors wasn't shared by Mary.
Tom got fluent in French very quickly.
I have a picture I want to show you.
Tom and I are usually the ones who do that.
I'm not as bored as Tom seems to be.
I have a lot of very valuable books.
Tom isn't divorced, but Mary is.
Tom became very weak.
I have a lot of things I want to do.
Tom is lost, but Mary isn't.
Tom doesn't seem to be as philosophical as Mary seems to be.
I have a lot of things I have to do.
Tom, Mary, John and I often play cards on Monday.
Tom got depressed after Mary left him.
I have a lot more books than you do.
Tom and I are the only ones who'll do that.
I'm the one who gave Tom his guitar.
I have a job interview this morning.
Tom isn't finished, but Mary is.
Tom became very rich.
I have a hard time making ends meet.
Tom is lazy, but Mary isn't.
Tom doesn't seem to be as self-conscious as Mary seems to be.
I have a good reason for being late.
Why do Tom and I have to be the ones who do that?
Tom goes to work every day but Monday.
I have a difficult decision to make.
Tom and I are the ones who need to do that.
I'm the one who told Tom about Mary.
I have a car that my father gave me.
Tom isn't friendly, but Mary is.
Tom became very lost.
I have a brother who's an architect.
Tom is kind, but Mary isn't.
Tom had at least three different jobs when he was in Boston.
I have a bicycle just like that one.
Would you like to see a picture of Tom's new car?
Tom gave the package to the wrong guy.
I had trouble getting the door open.
This isn't what Tom and I were looking for.
I'm the one who told Tom about that.
I had to have my left leg amputated.
Tom isn't generous, but Mary is.
Tom became very cold.
I had brown hair when I was younger.
Tom is just like his sister.
Tom hid the stolen money in a cardboard box in his basement.
I had brown hair before I went bald.
You don't seem to be as angry as Tom seems to be.
Tom gave Mary a ticket to his concert.
I had an accident on my way to work.
This is the town where Tom and I were born.
I'm the one who told Tom to do that.
I had absolutely no idea what to do.
Tom isn't gullible, but Mary is.
Tom became very busy.
I had a lot of things I need to buy.
Tom is just as busy as I am.
Tom is now a completely different person than he used to be.
I had a flat tire on my way to work.
You don't seem to be as bored as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't work as hard as Mary does.
I had a chance to do that yesterday.
There's no way Tom will be able to do that.
I'm the one who told Tom what to do.
I had a beard when I was in college.
Tom isn't homesick, but Mary is.
Tom acted on his own.
I got up and headed toward the door.
Tom is in his dressing room.
Tom is one of the students I'm teaching French to this year.
I got up an hour early this morning.
You don't seem to be as brave as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't want Mary to talk to John.
I got three presents on my birthday.
That's the only reason Tom and I are going.
I've decided to tell Tom what to do.
I got out of the hospital yesterday.
Tom isn't outgoing, but Mary is.
This cake is for Tom.
I got out of the bath and dried off.
Tom is home, but Mary isn't.
Tom met a woman named Mary at a party he went to last month.
I got injured in a traffic accident.
You don't seem to be as crazy as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get a tattoo.
I got in my car and closed the door.
That's not what Tom is going to talk about.
Let's not start until Tom gets here.
I got here about thirty minutes ago.
Tom isn't prepared, but Mary is.
The spear missed Tom.
I got back in my car and drove away.
Tom is here, but Mary isn't.
Tom recorded his conversation with Mary and sent it to John.
I got almost everything I asked for.
You don't seem to be as drunk as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't swim as much as Mary does.
I got a flat tire on my way to work.
That's just what Tom and I are going to do.
None of Tom's friends will be there.
I got a chance to do that last week.
Tom isn't reliable, but Mary is.
The arrow missed Tom.
I felt something crawling on my arm.
Tom is getting married soon.
Tom says that when he grows up he wants to be a firefighter.
I felt like I'd been hit by a truck.
You don't seem to be as lucky as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as retired yet.
I don't yet know who has to do that.
Please pay attention to what Tom is saying.
One day, all this will become Tom's.
I don't yet know what we need to do.
Tom isn't stubborn, but Mary is.
Isn't that Tom's son?
I don't yet know what we have to do.
Tom is free, but Mary isn't.
Tom seems to be amused by what was going on, but Mary isn't.
I don't yet know exactly what to do.
You don't seem to be as needy as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't like volleyball very much.
I don't want to play chess with you.
Please ask Tom if he's planning to help us.
Pay attention to what Tom is saying.
I don't want to get home after dark.
Tom isn't talented, but Mary is.
Isn't that Tom's car?
I don't want to continue doing this.
Tom is fine, but Mary isn't.
Tom usually makes two or three cups of tea with one tea bag.
I don't usually go to school by bus.
You don't seem to be as tense as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't get along with his in-laws.
I don't usually do things like that.
Maybe Tom and I aren't supposed to do this.
Someday, all this will become Tom's.
I don't think your plan is feasible.
Tom isn't ticklish, but Mary is.
Is this pencil Tom's?
I don't think you'll be able to win.
Tom is fast, but Mary isn't.
Tom went either to Boston or to Chicago. I'm not sure which.
I don't think that will ever happen.
You don't seem to be as tired as Tom seems to be.
Tom doesn't eat as much as he used to.
I don't think that will do any good.
Luckily, Tom wasn't killed in the accident.
That wasn't Tom's idea. It was mine.
I don't think I have any bad habits.
Tom just doesn't understand you.
Is that pencil Tom's?
I don't speak any foreign languages.
Tom is entertaining himself.
Tom's trial is scheduled to begin the first week of October.
I don't remember where I heard that.
You don't seem to be as upset as Tom seems to be.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that alone.
I don't really enjoy most rap music.
It'll be a while until Tom and I are ready.
The girl Tom is speaking to is Mary.
I don't plan to go back there again.
Tom killed the tiger, didn't he?
Is that Tom's mother?
I don't often buy expensive clothes.
Tom is eating breakfast now.
Why do Tom and I have to be the ones who make this decision?
I don't need your answer right away.
A burglar broke into Tom's home last Monday night.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that again.
I don't listen to punk rock anymore.
It looks like Tom and I aren't needed here.
Tom always asks when you'll be here.
I don't like watching horror movies.
Tom left Mary with the children.
Is Tom still smiling?
I don't like to see people fighting.
Tom is done, but Mary isn't.
You don't have to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
I don't like swimming in this river.
Almost all of Tom's ex-girlfriends live in Boston.
Tom didn't seem to be as tall as Mary.
I don't like being told I'm too old.
It looked like Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom always bowed when he greeted me.
I don't know my way around town yet.
Tom left for Boston an hour ago.
Is Tom looking at us?
I don't know how to play the guitar.
Tom is dead, but Mary isn't.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
I don't know how to play the bongos.
Did Tom drink the whole bottle of wine by himself?
Tom didn't seem to be as pale as Mary.
I don't know anything about fishing.
Is this where Tom and I are supposed to be?
Tom always carries a Bible with him.
I don't have much money in the bank.
Tom likes swimming, but I don't.
Is Tom from Australia?
I don't have as much time as you do.
Tom is cool, but Mary isn't.
I advised Tom not to eat the mushrooms he found in the woods.
I don't have any interest in sports.
For all I know, Tom could be doing that right now.
Tom did very well on yesterday's test.
I don't have a closet in my bedroom.
If you think Tom is Canadian, you're wrong.
Tom always sits next to me in class.
I don't go to the office on Mondays.
Tom lives just three miles away.
I've never dated Tom.
I don't go out by myself after dark.
Tom is coming home tomorrow.
I can't even imagine what Tom would do if that ever happened.
I don't expect to get there on time.
I advised Tom not to believe everything Mary says.
Tom asked me if I'd mind helping Mary.
I don't enjoy watching sports on TV.
I've decided to tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom and I are going dancing tonight.
I don't drink white wine very often.
Tom lives on a farm near Boston.
I'm right behind Tom.
I don't do much other than watch TV.
Tom is cold, but Mary isn't.
I don't know if Tom will go to the mountains or to the beach.
I don't care whether you stay or go.
I advised Tom not to buy anything from that store.
Tom asked if Mary had to do that, too.
I don't care whether we stay or not.
I've decided to tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom and I are the ones who did that.
I didn't think I'd be so busy today.
Tom loved Mary's sense of humor.
I told Tom not to go.
I didn't realize you had to do that.
Tom is calm, but Mary isn't.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about the weather.
I didn't know that you were married.
I advised Tom not to go out after dark by himself.
Tom asked Mary to pass him the bottle.
I didn't get paid very much to do that.
I've decided to tell Tom what I need to do.
Tom and I aren't allowed to do that.
I can't play the clarinet very well.
Tom mowed the lawn this morning.
I heard Tom say that.
I can't picture myself as a teacher.
Tom is busy, but Mary isn't.
I don't think Tom is small enough to crawl through that hole.
I can't make ends meet on my salary.
I can't put up with Tom's carelessness any longer.
Tom arrived about thirty minutes late.
I can't figure out how you did that.
I've decided to tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom and I aren't at home on Mondays.
I can't even afford to buy a pencil.
Tom only has one small suitcase.
I had a crush on Tom.
I can't control my children anymore.
Tom is bald, but John isn't.
I don't think Tom should drive home since he's been drinking.
I can't believe how stupid you are.
I couldn't help but be impressed by Tom's courage.
Tom and his friends will be here soon.
I can't afford to hire a babysitter.
I'm the one who told Tom your phone number.
Tom and I aren't doing that anymore.
I almost went to Boston last summer.
Tom only has three white shirts.
I almost married Tom.
I almost never use my phone anymore.
Tom is back, but Mary isn't.
I have a pretty good idea who Tom plans to take to the dance.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom and his friends went skiing today.
I almost never do that before lunch.
I'm the one who told Tom who to give it to.
Tom and I aren't going to help Mary.
I admitted I didn't want to do that.
Tom owns a chain of restaurants.
Don't argue with Tom.
I admit that I stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom is an irrational person.
I was surprised that Tom couldn't do that better than he did.
Have you already decided what to do?
I didn't think Tom would be as friendly as he was.
Tom and Mary went to Boston last year.
Do you want me to show you the plan?
I'm the one who told Tom not to trust Mary.
Tom and I aren't ready to leave yet.
Could you tell me what I need to do?
Tom played basketball yesterday.
Are these dogs Tom's?
Could you tell me what I have to do?
Tom is an experienced diver.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom was born in Boston.
You're not yet old enough to drive.
I didn't think Tom would be so tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary talked about their plans.
You're not yet old enough to drink.
I'm the one who talked Tom into doing that.
Tom and I aren't willing to do that.
You'll be sorry you didn't do that.
Tom promised Mary he'd help her.
Are these bags Tom's?
You don't think I can swim, do you?
Tom is always very friendly.
I'll never forget the first time Tom and I did that together.
You don't seem to enjoy being here.
I don't believe Tom can do that without some help.
Tom and Mary started dating last year.
You don't need to give me anything.
I'm the one who suggested that Tom do that.
Tom and I had a nice time in Boston.
You don't have to pay for anything.
Tom promised to fix that for me.
You should dump Tom.
You can't blame this problem on me.
Tom is almost legally blind.
Since both Tom and I were sick, neither of us went to school.
Will you help me carry these boxes?
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary played chess for a while.
Why do so many people visit Boston?
I'm the one who introduced Tom to his wife.
Tom and I were in Boston in October.
Why aren't you wearing your gloves?
Tom put some milk in his coffee.
Which book is Tom's?
Which is larger, Boston or Chicago?
Tom is a very impatient guy.
The cold doesn't seem to bother Tom as much as it bothers me.
Where did you learn to play tennis?
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that today.
Tom and Mary played chess after lunch.
We'll be getting married next year.
I'm the one who helped Tom paint his house.
Tom and I were late for the meeting.
We had a dog when I was growing up.
Tom said he felt a little dazed.
Which beer is Tom's?
We got up early to see the sunrise.
Tom is a strange individual.
The traffic was heavy so Tom and I were late for the meeting.
We don't have to decide right away.
I don't think Tom is saying what he really thinks.
Tom and Mary had different priorities.
We desperately need drinking water.
I'm not sure when Tom got back from Boston.
Tom and I've been friends for years.
We ate lunch at a small restaurant.
Tom said he felt a little dizzy.
Tom, come over here.
Please tell me about what happened.
Tom is a professional boxer.
Tom and I are the only ones who don't really want to be here.
My neighbors and I don't get along.
I don't think Tom was amused by what was going on.
Tom and Mary explored Boston together.
Many famous artists live in Boston.
I'm going to help Tom do that after supper.
Tom and I've discussed that already.
Let's sit at that table over there.
Tom said he felt a little woozy.
Tom's house is on fire.
Let's do something different today.
Tom is a pretty good dancer.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who don't know how to do this.
If you need my help, I'll help you.
I don't think Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I seldom do anything together.
I've never smoked in my whole life.
I'm going to do whatever Tom asks me to do.
Tom and Mary headed to John's place.
I've been told not to do that here.
Tom said he felt very confident.
Tom will bring Mary.
I'm too tired to do that right now.
Tom is a jack of all trades.
Tom and I weren't the only ones at the party who fell asleep.
I'm the one who was here yesterday.
I don't think Tom will be awake when you get home.
Tom and I aren't permitted to do that.
I'm the one who was here last week.
I'm going to do whatever I can to help Tom.
Tom and Mary talked for three hours.
I'm the one who painted the garage.
Tom said he wanted Mary to stay.
Tom washed his hair.
I'm the one who owns all this land.
Tom is a good administrator.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who didn't get enough to eat.
I'm the one who made that decision.
I don't think Tom will be doing that anytime soon.
Tom and I aren't doing anything wrong.
I'm the one who doesn't understand.
I'm a lot better at doing that than Tom is.
Tom and Mary were childhood friends.
I'm the one who designed our house.
Tom said that Mary was with him.
Tom was watching me.
I'm the one who cleaned the garage.
Tom hid behind the curtains.
Tom asked me to sell him my car, but I don't want to sell it.
I'm supposed to be able to do that.
I don't think Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom and I are the ones who'll do that.
I'm sorry I behaved like a lunatic.
I'll never forget the first time I saw Tom.
Tom asked Mary why she'd left early.
I'm not that much younger than you.
Tom says he's never eaten sushi.
Tom took this video.
I'm not that much heavier than you.
Tom has really bad eyesight.
Tom didn't seem to be as claustrophobic as Mary seemed to be.
I'm not really supposed to do that.
I shouldn't have agreed to help Tom with his work.
Tom and I are the ones who built this.
I'm not really prepared to do that.
I'll have to tell Tom the truth eventually.
Tom asked me if I'd seen his father.
I'm hoping I never have to do that.
Tom sells postcards to tourists.
Tom took Monday off.
Tom has read a lot of books.
Tom doesn't seem to be as claustrophobic as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to have to do that again.
I told Tom not to borrow too much money from Mary.
Tom always brags about how rich he is.
I'm going to find a way to do that.
I'll be very disappointed if Tom does that.
Tom asked me to stay away from Mary.
I'm going to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom should follow Mary's advice.
Tom talks very loud.
I'm going to be in Boston all week.
Tom has hired a good lawyer.
Tom got to be friends with Mary when he was living in Boston.
I'm going to be here all afternoon.
I told Tom not to leave his windows open at night.
Tom advised me to stay away from Mary.
I'm going to be at tonight's party.
I went to Tom's place, but he wasn't there.
Tom babysat the children last night.
I'm going to be at home until noon.
Tom shouldn't say anything else.
Tom still loves you.
I'm going to arrive at around 2:30.
Tom has brought you flowers.
Tom had a heart attack while shoveling the snow off his roof.
I'm getting a lot better at tennis.
I told Tom to take the money he was being offered.
Tom actually did what he said he'd do.
I'm getting a lot better at French.
I went to Tom's house, but he wasn't there.
Tom can't go to the dance with Mary.
I'm almost never late for anything.
Tom spent a few years in Boston.
Tom shot this video.
I'll see to it that that gets done.
Tom has been married before.
Tom is famous, not only here in Boston, but around the world.
I'll likely get fired if I do that.
I want to know how long Tom plans to be in Boston.
This time Tom and I are really scared.
I'll likely get dirty if I do that.
I was surprised to see Tom at Mary's party.
Tom clearly doesn't want to be here.
I'll go there by bicycle next time.
Tom started bawling like a baby.
Tom scaled the fish.
I'll give you half of my ice cream.
Tom has a very heavy accent.
Tom is the kind of person who likes to get things done early.
I'll be very tired when I get home.
I want to know what Tom thinks is going to happen.
The police couldn't find Tom anywhere.
I'll be very happy if that happens.
I told Tom that he should agree to do that.
Tom coaches his son's baseball team.
I'll be there in less than an hour.
Tom started crying and so did I.
Tom said he was sad.
I'll be present at today's meeting.
Tom has a migraine headache.
Tom said he thought I didn't look like I was enjoying myself.
I'll be going to Boston in October.
I'll be staying with Tom for the next three weeks.
The cookies Tom baked tasted terrible.
I'll be getting married in October.
I told Tom I'd help him tomorrow afternoon.
Tom did everything Mary told him to.
I'll be back by 2:30 at the latest.
Tom stayed in Boston all summer.
Tom reread the poem.
I wouldn't want to have to do that.
Tom had some errands to run.
Tom spent years as a studio musician before he became famous.
I won't get there until after 2:30.
I'm busy, but I don't think I'm as busy as Tom is.
The blue umbrellas are Tom's and mine.
I wish it was that easy to do that.
I suggested to Tom that he drive Mary home.
Tom didn't leave his room yesterday.
I want to get a tattoo on my chest.
Tom tells us jokes all the time.
Tom refused my help.
I took a lot of pictures yesterday.
Tom had a smirk on his face.
Tom took the ring out of the box and put it on Mary's finger.
I think you should call the police.
I'm going to bake a cake for Tom's birthday party.
That's what Tom and I are waiting for.
I think I'm going to be happy here.
I shouldn't have agreed to let Tom do that.
Tom didn't seem to know what to say.
I sometimes do that in the morning.
Tom told me about what happened.
Tom praised his son.
I sometimes do that in the evening.
Tom grew up in a rural area.
Tom was watching a movie last night when I went to visit him.
I should've listened to my parents.
I'm going to do everything Tom has asked me to do.
That's what Tom and I are going to do.
I often have to bring my work home.
I hope I don't have to tell Tom to do that.
Tom died and left his son a fortune.
I just didn't feel like doing that.
Tom told me to tell you he's OK.
Tom only eats fruit.
I have no idea why my wife left me.
Tom got out of the elevator.
Tom's friends were waiting for him where they said they'd be.
I have no idea what should be done.
I'm the one who warned Tom that this might happen.
Please wait until Tom and I are ready.
I have no idea what has to be done.
I have to take care of Tom's dog next week.
Tom doesn't like going to the beach.
I have a younger sister named Mary.
Tom told us an incredible story.
Tom moved to Europe.
I have a tendency to forget things.
Tom got famous very quickly.
Tom's house was broken into while he was in Boston last week.
I have a restaurant on Park Street.
I've persuaded Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
Please don't tell Tom where Mary went.
I have a part-time job on weekends.
I have no idea when Tom intends to do that.
Tom doesn't want anything to change.
I have a lot of property in Boston.
Tom took this picture yesterday.
Tom moved the chair.
I have a lot of problems of my own.
Tom got drowsy after supper.
Tom's lights are out, he's either not at home or he's asleep.
I have a jar of pennies on my desk.
If you think Tom is still in Boston, you're wrong.
Most people think Tom and I are crazy.
I have a good reason for not going.
I have no idea what kind of car Tom drives.
Tom drove Mary to the grocery store.
I have a daughter living in Boston.
Tom tore the letter into pieces.
Tom loves to gamble.
I have a book to read on the plane.
Tom got a promotion at work.
We all know that Tom is the best French speaker in our class.
I had my house painted last summer.
If you think Tom speaks French well, you're wrong.
Maybe Tom has already left for Boston.
I had an accident and broke my arm.
I have no idea what Tom's house looks like.
Tom encouraged Mary to study French.
I had all day to finish doing that.
Tom was able to fix my computer.
Tom loved to gamble.
I had a lot of things I had to buy.
Tom goes to work by bicycle.
What are Tom and I supposed to do after we finish doing this?
I had a job interview this morning.
It looks like Tom and I are going to have to walk.
Luckily, Tom wasn't killed in the war.
I had a few friends over for lunch.
I have a picture of Tom on my bedroom wall.
Tom finished his meal and then left.
I guess I should've studied harder.
Tom was absent, but Mary wasn't.
Tom lives in a cave.
I got up and walked out of the bar.
Tom gave Mary the wrong key.
You're the one who suggested that Tom and I do that together.
I got to the bus stop just in time.
It was dark and I couldn't see what Tom was doing.
Let's ask Tom if he'd like to do that.
I got that nickname in high school.
I had fun walking along the river with Tom.
Tom got a call from Mary last night.
I got rid of a lot of my old books.
Tom was afraid, but Mary wasn't.
Tom likes it in Boston.
I got mugged the night before last.
Tom gave Mary that nickname.
"Tom and I aren't good at swimming." "Neither are Mary and I."
I got hurt playing rugby last week.
It's a risk that Tom and I aren't willing to take.
It's a wonder that Tom is still alive.
I find making small talk difficult.
I had a little trouble finding Tom's house.
Tom got here just a few minutes ago.
I filled up the bathtub and got in.
Tom was amused, but Mary wasn't.
Tom likes Mary, too.
I felt tired after working all day.
I can't believe that Tom really thinks that's going to happen.
I don't yet know what we should do.
It's clear that Tom is the one who should do that.
It was nice of you to let Tom do that.
I don't yet have a graduate degree.
I had a crush on Tom when I was a teenager.
Tom got irritated by Mary's silence.
I don't want to work in a hospital.
Tom was asleep, but Mary wasn't.
Tom left Mary there.
I don't want to talk about my past.
Tom doesn't like basketball.
I don't think I'll be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I don't want to spend time in jail.
The guy I met on the bus told me his name was Tom.
I've agreed to help Tom with his work.
I don't want to discuss that topic.
I got tired of working with Tom, so I quit.
Tom has a birthmark on his left leg.
I don't want to come here tomorrow.
Tom was boring, but Mary wasn't.
Tom kept teasing me.
I don't usually do that on Mondays.
Tom doesn't like Mary's dog.
I got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to Tom.
I don't think you ought to do that.
There's no chance that Tom will forget to do that.
I'm the one who bought Tom's old desk.
I don't think what I did was wrong.
I got Tom to do what he was supposed to do.
Tom has about thirty pairs of socks.
I don't think we'll be able to win.
Tom was cranky, but Mary wasn't.
Tom just needs help.
I don't think we can pull this off.
Tom didn't light the candle.
I should've told Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
I don't think it's such a big deal.
There's no way Tom is going to do that by himself.
I'm going to drive Tom to the airport.
I don't think banks are open today.
I feel the same way about that as Tom does.
Tom has been accused of child abuse.
I don't swim as often as I used to.
Tom was groggy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is really weird.
I don't study as much as I used to.
Tom didn't get here on time.
I shouldn't have used Tom's umbrella without asking him first.
I don't see why you should do that.
Tom always encourages us to do what we want to do.
I'm going to come back to pick Tom up.
I don't ride my motorcycle anymore.
I don't yet know whether Tom can go or not.
Tom has been coughing all afternoon.
I don't really think I can do that.
Tom was grumpy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is pretty smart.
I don't really enjoy watching golf.
Tom could've protected Mary.
I told Tom he should take some time to think over his options.
I don't plan to leave anytime soon.
Tom and I are going to Boston to attend a wedding.
I'll tell Tom that when he comes back.
I don't need to be there on Monday.
I don't yet know exactly when Tom got here.
Tom has hired himself a good lawyer.
I don't need to attend the meeting.
Tom was here earlier, wasn't he?
Tom is on this ship.
I don't need permission to do that.
Tom challenged me to a duel.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe everything he read on the Web.
I don't mind being told what to do.
Tom and I are the ones who came up with that idea.
I'll speak to Tom about that tomorrow.
I don't live far from where I work.
I don't want to admit it, but Tom is right.
Tom has never been sick in his life.
I don't like women who drink a lot.
Tom was honest, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is moving today.
I don't like wearing cheap perfume.
Tom came up with a new plan.
I'm going over to Tom's house to tell him about what happened.
I don't like to talk about my past.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who think this way.
I'll be disappointed if Tom does that.
I don't like Indian food very much.
I don't want Tom to go anywhere without me.
Tom has really lost a lot of weight.
I don't let my children drink wine.
Tom was hungry, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is mentally ill.
I don't laugh as much as I used to.
Tom burped and Mary laughed.
I'm going over to Tom's place to tell him about what happened.
I don't know what needs to be done.
Tom and I both know Mary was the one who did that.
I'll ask Tom if he's going to help us.
I don't know how to swim very well.
I don't think we should ask Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't been over in a long time.
I don't know how to surf very well.
Tom was involved in the robbery.
Tom is making lunch.
I don't know how to play this game.
Tom bought a pair of shorts.
I'm the one who took care of Tom's dog while he was in Boston.
I don't know how to drive a manual.
Tom and I were the only ones who got here on time.
I'll ask Tom if he's going to do that.
I don't have either a cat or a dog.
I don't think Tom will be finished by 2:30.
Tom heard somebody yelling for help.
I don't have any reason to do that.
Tom was lonely, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is just curious.
I don't go to the office on Monday.
Tom bought a pair of gloves.
It looks like Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
I don't go to my office on Mondays.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who got here late.
I was surprised that Tom was confused.
I don't ever win when I play poker.
I don't think Tom will allow us to do that.
Tom is a better driver than Mary is.
I don't ever walk anywhere anymore.
Tom was polite, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is intimidating.
I don't enjoy chess and never have.
Tom became very intoxicated.
It seems like Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
I don't always win, but I often do.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who knew about it.
I want you to show Tom how to do that.
I don't actually speak much French.
I don't think Tom was motivated to do that.
Tom is a better singer than Mary is.
I didn't know that you were hungry.
Tom was scared, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is buying bread.
I didn't have a say in that matter.
Tom became very embarrassed.
Please don't you think that Tom is too young to be doing that?
I didn't get paid a lot to do that.
Tom applied for a job at the company where I work.
I used to go out with a guy named Tom.
I didn't agree to be there by 2:30.
I don't think Tom was married at that time.
Tom is a faster runner than Mary is.
I closed my eyes and shook my head.
Tom was seated, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is an inspector.
I can't tie my shoelaces by myself.
Tom became very discouraged.
Tom and I are the only ones here who know how to speak French.
I can't seem to get over this cold.
Tom carefully planned how he was going to do that.
I told Tom he should talk to a lawyer.
I can't play the trumpet very well.
I don't think Tom was engaged at that time.
Tom is a lot like his older brother.
I can't picture myself as the boss.
Tom was shaken, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is an astronaut.
I can't keep cleaning up after you.
Tom ate three bowls of soup.
Tom and I are the only ones who won't be at the meeting today.
I can't just throw everything away.
Tom didn't have to ask for permission, but he did.
I told Tom he should lose some weight.
I can't go to the concert with you.
I don't think Tom is determined to do that.
Tom is always giving me a hard time.
I can't go swimming with you today.
Tom was sick in bed last Monday.
Tom is a pharmacist.
I can't get out of my sleeping bag.
Tom ate three bowls of rice.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who know what needs to be done.
I can't do this as well as you can.
Tom didn't remember where he had hidden his money.
I told Tom he should keep his promise.
I can't do all this work by myself.
I don't remember Tom's older sister's name.
Tom is always very calm and relaxed.
I can't decide which guitar to buy.
Tom was silent, but Mary wasn't.
Tom is a big talker.
I can't come to Boston this summer.
Tom asks too many questions.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who got up early this morning.
I can't bear to see you so unhappy.
Tom didn't seem to be as mad as Mary seemed to be.
I told Tom he should go to the police.
I barely had time to get that done.
I don't remember Tom telling us to do that.
Tom is ambidextrous, but Mary isn't.
I always do what I promise I'll do.
Tom was sleepy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom hid in the barn.
I almost never wear a hat nowadays.
Tom asked us to forgive him.
Tom asked me if I'd be willing to help him after school today.
I almost never go swimming anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be as old as Mary seemed to be.
I told Tom he should consult a lawyer.
I almost never eat with chopsticks.
I don't remember Tom telling me to do that.
Tom is annoyed because Mary is late.
I almost died when I was in Boston.
Tom was strict, but Mary wasn't.
Tom hates paperwork.
I almost always get up before dawn.
Tom asked me where I worked.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he doesn't know what to do.
I almost always get places on time.
Tom didn't seem to be as sad as Mary seemed to be.
I thought Tom was doing that for Mary.
I admitted I couldn't speak French.
I don't really want to go fishing with Tom.
Tom is at home studying for an exam.
Have you heard about what happened?
Tom was uneasy, but Mary wasn't.
Tom has met someone.
Could you tell me where I can park?
Tom asked me to forgive him.
Tom got sick after eating the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Could you tell me what I should do?
Tom didn't seem to be as shy as Mary seemed to be.
I shouldn't have agreed to let Tom go.
You'll be glad you didn't do that.
I don't really want to go camping with Tom.
Tom is brushing his daughter's hair.
You should probably do that today.
Tom was unhurt, but Mary wasn't.
Tom has been unwell.
You need to buy one of these, too.
Tom asked if I liked Boston.
Tom has been sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
You have a nicer office than I do.
Tom didn't seem to know that I was Mary's brother.
I should've agreed to let Tom do that.
You don't seem to know who we are.
I don't really want to go bowling with Tom.
Tom is conservative, but Mary isn't.
You don't seem all that old to me.
Tom was unkind, but Mary wasn't.
Tom got very sleepy.
You don't need to stay home today.
Tom arrived here by bicycle.
Tom lives in a small town about three hundred miles from here.
You don't look too happy about it.
Tom doesn't seem to be as mad as Mary seems to be.
I hope Tom doesn't find out the truth.
You don't have to stay home today.
I don't need to tell Tom. He already knows.
Tom is disappointed, but Mary isn't.
You don't have to help me anymore.
Tom was very tempted to do that.
Tom got very scared.
You can't stop me from doing that.
Tom and I've discussed that.
Tom practices the piano for at least thirty minutes every day.
You can have half of my ice cream.
Tom doesn't seem to be as old as Mary seems to be.
I hope Tom doesn't discover the truth.
You can have anything in this box.
I don't mind helping Tom from time to time.
Tom is disorganized, but Mary isn't.
Would you mind helping me do this?
Tom wasn't absent, but Mary was.
Tom got very lonely.
Wipe that smug look off your face.
Tom and I were disappointed.
Tom seemed to be amused by what was going on, but Mary wasn't.
Why can't I go to Boston with you?
Tom doesn't seem to be as sad as Mary seems to be.
I have no idea where Tom might be now.
What's our arrival time in Boston?
I don't know if Tom likes apple pie or not.
Tom is going to have a heart attack.
We should probably head back home.
Tom wasn't afraid, but Mary was.
Tom got very hungry.
We ran out of gas on the way here.
Tom and I are bosom buddies.
Tom wants to finish doing what he's doing before he goes home.
We don't have to decide right now.
Tom doesn't seem to be as shy as Mary seems to be.
I have no idea what Tom intends to do.
We all got up and started dancing.
I don't know for sure when Tom will arrive.
Tom is good at cooking Chinese food.
Was it cloudy in Boston yesterday?
Tom wasn't amused, but Mary was.
Tom got very grumpy.
They've been doing that for years.
Tom and I are a little busy.
Tom was much better at speaking French than I thought he'd be.
That's something I've never eaten.
Tom doesn't seem to be having as much fun as Mary.
I have a lot more books than Tom does.
Tell me about you and your family.
I don't have Tom to do that for me anymore.
Tom is good-looking, but Mary isn't.
Please don't go there by yourself.
Tom wasn't asleep, but Mary was.
Tom got very groggy.
Maybe I'm the one who's messed up.
Tom always talks about Mary.
Tom was shocked when he found out that Mary had been arrested.
Mary often wears too much perfume.
Tom doesn't seem to do that as often as Mary does.
I have a good reason for avoiding Tom.
Mary is a very pretty young woman.
I don't allow my children to play with Tom.
Tom is likely to do that eventually.
Let's meet at the station at 2:30.
Tom wasn't boring, but Mary was.
Tom got very famous.
I'm too busy to do that right now.
Tom almost never eats fruit.
You don't seem to be as tempted to do that as Tom seems to be.
I'm the one who wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do the same thing he did.
I got talked into helping Tom do that.
I'm the one who usually does this.
I didn't think Tom would be this organized.
Tom is my youngest son's oldest son.
I'm the one who took this picture.
Tom wasn't cranky, but Mary was.
Tom got very cranky.
I'm the one who took care of that.
This could cost Tom his job.
You don't seem to be aware of all the problems Tom is causing.
I'm the one who started the fight.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary about what happened.
I got Tom to help me with my homework.
I'm the one who planned the party.
I didn't think Tom would be so sympathetic.
Tom is on vacation with his parents.
I'm the one who painted the fence.
Tom wasn't groggy, but Mary was.
Tom got quite upset.
I'm the one who needed to do that.
These clothes are all Tom's.
"Tom and I aren't very good at this." "Neither are Mary and I."
I'm the one who grew this lettuce.
Tom fell down the stairs and broke his collarbone.
I finally got a chance to talk to Tom.
I'm the one who drew this picture.
I didn't think Tom would be so spontaneous.
Tom is one of the best cooks I know.
I'm the one who called the police.
Tom wasn't grumpy, but Mary was.
Tom got discouraged.
I'm the one who actually did that.
The black umbrella is Tom's.
I admitted that I was arguing with Tom the day he was murdered.
I'm not the one who cooked dinner.
Tom got a letter today from his brother in Boston.
I felt that I owed Tom an explanation.
I'm not going to agree to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so resourceful.
Tom is the one who makes the rules here.
I'm going to try to do that again.
Tom wasn't honest, but Mary was.
Tom got angry again.
I'm going to see if I can do that.
That's the way Tom wants it.
I didn't think the party was as much fun as Tom thought it was.
I'm going to do what I have to do.
Tom has been looking for his dog all the day long.
I feel responsible for Tom's accident.
I'm going to do things my own way.
I didn't think Tom would be so pessimistic.
Tom is pretty cute, don't you think?
I'm going to do that this evening.
Tom wasn't hungry, but Mary was.
Tom gave Mary a gun.
I'm going to buy a purple sweater.
That wasn't what Tom wanted.
I don't like it when Tom leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
I'm going to be here this evening.
Tom has been spending a lot of time playing games.
I don't yet know when Tom will arrive.
I'm going to be here several days.
I didn't think Tom would be so interesting.
Tom is setting the table for dinner.
I'm going to be arrested, I think.
Tom wasn't lonely, but Mary was.
Tom flirted with me.
I'm getting paid a lot to do that.
That coat looks good on Tom.
I don't think Tom will be as grouchy today as he was yesterday.
I'm expecting that to happen soon.
Tom has been working as a teacher for three years.
I don't yet know what Tom wants to do.
I'm expected to do that on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be so embarrassed.
Tom is the only one who's done that.
I'm better at doing that than you.
Tom wasn't polite, but Mary was.
Tom drinks red wine.
I'm actually doing that right now.
Should I try to wake Tom up?
I get tired of listening to the kind of music Tom always plays.
I'm able to do that with one hand.
Tom hasn't been over to my place in a long time.
I don't want to sing with Tom anymore.
I'm able to do that by myself now.
I didn't think Tom would be so discouraged.
Tom is the only person we can trust.
I'll wait for you at the bus stop.
Tom wasn't scared, but Mary was.
Tom cried with Mary.
I'll let you drive if you want to.
Please don't argue with Tom.
I shouldn't have ridden Tom's bicycle without asking him first.
I'll help you do that after lunch.
Tom hasn't been to Boston as many times as I have.
I don't understand what Tom is saying.
I'll give you half of my sandwich.
I didn't think Tom would be so cooperative.
Tom is the richest man in this town.
I'll be very upset if that happens.
Tom wasn't seated, but Mary was.
Tom came home drunk.
I'll be thirty years old tomorrow.
Mine isn't as good as Tom's.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here who can speak French.
I'll be home a little before 2:30.
Tom is a lot smarter than many people think he is.
I don't think we have to wait for Tom.
I'll be here for three more years.
I didn't think Tom would be so adventurous.
Tom is the rudest man I've ever met.
I'll be here for three more weeks.
Tom wasn't silent, but Mary was.
Tom called Mary fat.
I'll be back in about three hours.
Maybe Tom forgot to do that.
Since Tom can't drive me, I'm going to take a bus to the airport.
I wouldn't have done such a thing.
Tom is a lot smarter than most people think he is.
I don't think Tom will do that for us.
I won't be able do that by myself.
I didn't think Tom would be home on Monday.
Tom is undependable, but Mary isn't.
I was supposed to do that tonight.
Tom wasn't sleepy, but Mary was.
Tom braided my hair.
I was in my thirties at that time.
Luckily, Tom wasn't injured.
The police searched all the lockers at Tom's high school today.
I want to buy this purple sweater.
Tom is playing on the jungle gym with his friends.
I don't think Tom will do that for me.
I think we should stop doing this.
I didn't know that Tom was in the hospital.
Tom is upstairs in his room, crying.
I seldom leave the house nowadays.
Tom wasn't strict, but Mary was.
Tom became very mad.
I might get arrested if I do that.
Let's sit with Tom and Mary.
The reason Tom and I are here is because we were asked to come.
I hope I never fall in love again.
Tom is sitting between his brother and his sister.
I don't think Tom will be overwhelmed.
I have some errands I need to run.
I can't put up with Tom's behavior anymore.
Tom is upstairs, crying in his room.
I have nothing I need to do today.
Tom went to the station by taxi.
Tom became very hot.
I have nothing I have to do today.
Let's see what Tom is doing.
This is definitely not what Tom and I were expecting to happen.
I have no idea who has to do that.
Tom is the president of a small company in Boston.
I don't think Tom was being sarcastic.
I have no idea what I ought to do.
I advised Tom to take my umbrella with him.
Tom is used to doing that with Mary.
I have an office in this building.
Tom will have to do that for me.
Tom became a lawyer.
I have an idea how we can do that.
Is that car Tom's and yours?
Tom and I are glad we're not the only ones who have to do that.
I have a piano lesson once a week.
Tom is usually at home on Mondays, but Mary isn't.
I don't think Tom is as smart as Mary.
I have a lot of money in the bank.
I advised Tom to not leave his door opened.
Tom is waiting for Mary at the gate.
I have a baseball card collection.
Tom will likely change his mind.
Tom bandaged my leg.
I had my appendix removed in 2013.
I've got a question for Tom.
Tom and I don't like being the ones who always have to do that.
I had difficulty paying attention.
Tom is wearing his wedding ring on the wrong hand.
I don't think Tom is ambitious enough.
I had an operation on my left leg.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
Tom is wearing a white cotton shirt.
I had a very hard time doing that.
Tom worries too much about Mary.
Tom and I are bored.
I had a difficult time doing that.
I'm the one who woke Tom up.
Tom asked Mary to quit her job and stay home with the children.
I got up at 6:30 almost every day.
Tom left for Boston as soon as he got Mary's call.
I don't think Tom has passed away yet.
I got up and started to walk away.
I admit I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
Tom is younger than most of us here.
I got to ride a horse last summer.
Tom's mother didn't believe him.
This chair is Tom's.
I got tired of waiting, so I left.
I'm the one who punched Tom.
Tom asked a question in class that the teacher couldn't answer.
I got thrown out of the classroom.
Tom lives in a small house not far from the river.
I don't think I can trust Tom anymore.
I got the answer I was hoping for.
How exactly are Tom and I supposed to help?
Tom isn't ambidextrous, but Mary is.
I got permission to go home early.
We all know that Tom can't swim.
These must be Tom's.
I got out of the way just in time.
I'm sure Tom didn't do that.
Tom buys medicine at the drugstore across from the post office.
I got out of my car and locked it.
Tom moved to Boston a little over three years ago.
I don't see why Tom shouldn't do that.
I got on my bicycle and rode home.
Here's a picture of Tom wearing sunglasses.
Tom isn't as bad at singing as I am.
I got on my bicycle and rode away.
We also think that Tom did that.
The choice is Tom's.
I got hurt when I slipped and fell.
I'm going to drive Tom home.
Tom doesn't live very far away, but I don't see him very often.
I got hurt in an accident at work.
Tom put the food he had just bought in the pantry.
I don't remember agreeing to help Tom.
I got home pretty late last night.
Go and see what Tom is doing in the garage.
Tom isn't as claustrophobic as I am.
I got here just a few minutes ago.
We know that Tom is a brave man.
Tell Tom what to do.
I got back from Boston last night.
I'm a year younger than Tom.
Tom says that when he grows up he wants to be a police officer.
I got an A on today's French test.
Tom said he was going to buy an electric chainsaw.
I don't remember Tom's sisters' names.
I get up at 6:30 almost every day.
Does Tom look like he's having a good time?
Tom isn't as good at French as I am.
I felt somebody touch my shoulder.
When did Tom return from Boston?
My parents love Tom.
I felt obligated to say something.
I'd never seen Tom so happy.
Tom uses the same dictionary that his father used as a student.
I felt in my pocket for my wallet.
Tom said he's happy that Mary is back from Boston.
I don't remember Tom's parents' names.
I felt compelled to say something.
Be careful what you say when Tom is around.
Tom isn't conservative, but Mary is.
I feel that I have a lot to offer.
Apparently, Tom and I were wrong.
My parents hate Tom.
I feel like going to Boston again.
I'd never seen Tom so angry.
Tom was surprised when he found out that Mary had quit her job.
I don't work as hard as I used to.
Tom said it didn't look like I was having any fun.
I don't really want to talk about Tom.
I don't want to live in Australia.
You don't think that Tom did that, do you?
Tom isn't disappointed, but Mary is.
I don't want to go, but I have to.
Did Tom eat the rest of the soup?
Let Tom handle that.
I don't want to ever leave Boston.
I want Tom to buy some eggs.
Don't you think that Tom is a little too young to be doing that?
I don't want to discuss this here.
Tom seemed like he didn't know what was happening.
I don't plan to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't usually have weekends off.
You don't think Tom could do that, do you?
Tom isn't enthusiastic, but Mary is.
I don't usually do that by myself.
Did Tom really do that yesterday?
Isn't your name Tom?
I don't turn thirty until October.
I used to hang out with Tom.
I can't forget all the problems we had last time Tom visited us.
I don't think we ought to do that.
Tom sold the guitar that his father had given him.
I don't need to know why Tom did that.
I don't think I'll likely do that.
You don't seem to be as successful as Tom.
Tom isn't good-looking, but Mary is.
I don't think I'll be able to win.
Do Tom and I have to leave today?
Is this radio Tom's?
I don't think I'd like to do that.
I told Tom to stop drinking.
I can't remember the last time Tom and I went swimming together.
I don't think I'd like doing that.
Tom told us that he thought it would rain all day.
I don't mind helping Tom occasionally.
I don't teach French here anymore.
You don't seem to be as nervous as Tom is.
Tom isn't manipulative, but Mary is.
I don't take anything for granted.
Does Tom know what Mary is doing?
Is this chair Tom's?
I don't stand a chance of winning.
I think Tom is just curious.
I couldn't find the right words to describe my feelings for Tom.
I don't spend much time in Boston.
Tom wanted to know who he was supposed to talk to.
I don't know where Tom bought his car.
I don't ride my bicycle every day.
You don't seem to be as curious as Tom is.
Tom lived in Boston his entire life.
I don't really want to live there.
Does Tom look like he's sleeping?
Is that thing Tom's?
I don't put syrup on French toast.
I often ignore Tom's advice.
I don't know what to do with all the stuff Tom left at my place.
I don't plan to do that this week.
Tom was able to make himself understood in French.
I don't know what we'd do without Tom.
I don't often go hiking by myself.
What are Tom and I getting ourselves into?
Tom lived on a boat for three years.
I don't need to know who did that.
Don't tell Tom about what we did.
Is that radio Tom's?
I don't need to finish this today.
I often cook dinner for Tom.
I don't remember the last time Tom and I went swimming together.
I don't need to do anything today.
Tom was interested in doing that, but Mary wasn't.
I don't know what Tom's talking about.
I don't need to be here on Monday.
We also think that Tom might've done that.
Tom made up his mind to leave early.
I don't like volleyball very much.
Don't tell Tom where we're going.
Is that Tom's phone?
I don't like to talk about my job.
I met Tom on Monday at 2:30.
I don't want to buy Tom a present. I want to make him something.
I don't like strawberry ice cream.
Tom was much better golfer than I thought he'd be.
I don't know how Tom feels about that.
I don't like popcorn without salt.
Tom's phone rang, but he didn't answer it.
Tom must've finished his work early.
I don't like playing poker at all.
Here's a picture of Tom juggling.
Is that Tom's house?
I don't like coffee without sugar.
I know Tom has a girlfriend.
I felt that Tom wasn't doing everything he should've been doing.
I don't know who needs to do that.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that, but Mary was.
I don't know either Tom or his sister.
I don't know who built this house.
Tom's parents kicked him out of the house.
Tom only does that when he's sleepy.
I don't know who built that house.
Here's a picture of Tom swimming.
Is Tom better today?
I don't know if I have to do that.
I hope I can make Tom happy.
I told Tom he shouldn't eat the mushrooms he found in the woods.
I don't know how to ski very well.
Tom went to Mary's apartment, but she wasn't home.
I don't know Mary as well as Tom does.
I don't know how noodles are made.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to stop drinking.
Tom paid someone to do that for him.
I don't know anyone who does that.
I advised Tom against doing that.
I'm crazy about Tom.
I don't have to do that now, do I?
I have a key to Tom's house.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom couldn't speak French.
I don't have anybody to advise me.
Tom will be driving to Boston with Mary on Monday.
I don't have as much time as Tom does.
I don't have any plans for Monday.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to exercise more.
Tom played videogames all afternoon.
I don't have any living relatives.
I advised Tom to be more careful.
I want what Tom has.
I don't have a say in that matter.
I had a boyfriend named Tom.
I'd already bought my ticket by the time Tom got to the station.
I don't go to school here anymore.
Tom won't likely do that unless you ask him to.
I don't care why Tom wants to do that.
I don't go to my office on Monday.
Tom's car isn't where he usually parks it.
Tom promised me he'd do that for me.
I don't ever speak French anymore.
I advised Tom to drink more milk.
I miss Tom terribly.
I don't ever kiss my wife anymore.
I got to know Tom's friends.
Since Tom and Mary had colds, they were both absent from school.
I don't even understand it myself.
Tom's ex-girlfriend is dating Mary's ex-boyfriend.
I didn't think Tom would get punished.
I don't even know what I want yet.
Tom works as a cashier at a grocery store.
Tom said I didn't look very healthy.
I don't do that anywhere but here.
I advised Tom to see the dentist.
I love Tom's accent.
I don't care who you do that with.
I got this bicycle from Tom.
This camera looks just like the one that Tom bought last Monday.
I didn't think you had to do that.
What are Tom and I supposed to do with this money?
I didn't think Tom would be suspended.
I didn't leave my house yesterday.
Tom won't be able do that without my help.
Tom said Mary didn't look impressed.
I didn't know you still had a dog.
I advised Tom to stop doing that.
I do like Tom a lot.
I didn't know that you were upset.
I got into a fight with Tom.
Tom always seemed depressed until he started seeing a therapist.
I can't wait to get out of prison.
What's the name of the restaurant where Tom works?
I didn't think Tom would be so stupid.
I can't swim as well as I used to.
Tom will stay in Boston for several weeks.
Tom said Mary didn't look reassured.
I can't stand up straight anymore.
I almost died trying to save Tom.
I almost caught Tom.
I can't lift this crate by myself.
I got Tom to sit next to me.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who don't really want to be here.
I can't hear a word you're saying.
You don't really want to do that with Tom, do you?
I didn't think Tom would be so strong.
I can't handle this job on my own.
Tom went to see Mary the following Monday.
Tom said Mary didn't look very busy.
I can't go to the dance with Mary.
I bought a birthday card for Tom.
Happy birthday, Tom.
I can't get my ring off my finger.
I got Tom to do that for us.
Tom and Mary dated for several months when they were in college.
I can't figure out how to do this.
You don't seem to be as active as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be so strict.
I can't decide which house to buy.
Tom watched a romance movie with his wife.
Tom said he felt compelled to speak.
I can't afford to travel by plane.
I didn't know that you hated Tom.
Don't call Tom back.
I almost wish I'd never done that.
I got Tom to accept my help.
Tom carried his suitcase out to his car and put it in the trunk.
I almost went skiing last weekend.
You don't seem to be as afraid as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be so stingy.
I almost passed out from the pain.
Tom washed an apple and handed it to Mary.
Tom said he felt like getting drunk.
I almost passed out from the heat.
I didn't think Tom would be done.
Does Tom have a dog?
I almost never wear a hat anymore.
I gave Tom a bottle of wine.
Tom didn't believe Mary when she told him what she'd been doing.
I almost never go fishing anymore.
You don't seem to be as scared as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be so sneaky.
I almost never get what I ask for.
Tom was killed not too far from his house.
Tom said he felt utterly humiliated.
I almost never get up before dawn.
I didn't think Tom would be fair.
Does Tom ever snore?
I almost never do that on Mondays.
I don't think Tom will lose.
Tom doesn't seem to be as romantic as Mary's last boyfriend was.
I almost never buy chocolate bars.
You don't seem to be as sleepy as Tom seems to be.
I didn't think Tom would be so shaken.
I almost forgot about the meeting.
Tom was fired from his job this afternoon.
I almost always do that by myself.
I didn't think Tom would be home.
Does Tom drink wine?
Do you remember who told you that?
I don't think Tom was wrong.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out that he'd spent time in prison.
You're the one who ought to do that.
Could you please ask Tom if he's going out tonight?
I didn't think Tom would be so scared.
You're the one I want to be with.
Tom wants to finish doing what he's doing.
Tom said he'd be willing to help us.
You have a nicer house than I do.
I don't expect Tom to be on time.
Does Tom drink milk?
You don't want me to go, do you?
I don't think Tom was upset.
Tom is now three times as rich as he was at this time last year.
You don't seem to be too worried.
Do you see that woman over there? She's Tom's wife.
I didn't think Tom would be so hungry.
You don't look like your brother.
Tom wanted to speak to us about something.
Tom sat between Mary and her sister.
Would you like me to do that for you?
I don't have a cat, but Tom does.
Does Tom drink beer?
When will you come home this evening?
I don't think Tom was tired.
Tom is very young and doesn't really understand what's going on.
What time will you get to Boston?
Even though Tom and I were sick, we went to school.
I didn't think Tom would be so grumpy.
What time will you be going home?
Tom wanted Mary's bicycle, so he stole it.
Tom says he feels obligated to help.
What time do you usually go home?
I don't know how to get to Tom's.
Did Tom eat dessert?
What do you usually do on Monday?
I don't think Tom was right.
Tom is without a doubt a lot better French speaker than you are.
How are Tom and I supposed to do this by ourselves?
I didn't think Tom would be so greedy.
That's the reason I was arrested.
Tom told me that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom says he's going to stop smoking.
That's the reason I got arrested.
I don't know if Tom remembers me.
Are these all Tom's?
Please help me carry these boxes.
I don't think Tom was ready.
Tom told me that I don't have to do anything I don't want to do.
Now isn't a good time to do that.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom had asked me to do.
I didn't think Tom would be so direct.
My car is parked in the driveway.
Tom told me that Mary would be interested.
Tom seems to have lost his patience.
Mary wants to be a fashion model.
I don't like Tom and he knows it.
Which hat is Tom's?
Mary is a very intelligent woman.
I don't think Tom was first.
Tom usually teaches French, but this year he's teaching English.
Let's hang out together tomorrow.
I advised Tom not to eat anything that Mary cooked.
I didn't think Tom would be so boring.
Let me explain why that happened.
Tom taught himself how to play the guitar.
Tom should call Mary sometime today.
It only took about three minutes.
I don't like the way Tom dresses.
Which dog is Tom's?
It looks like your dog wants out.
I don't think Tom was early.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I don't think he's still there.
It looks like I'll be late again.
I didn't think Tom would be so hesitant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so amused.
I've tried doing that many times.
Tom shot the dog that killed his chickens.
Tom should leave things as they are.
I've had three operations so far.
I don't think Tom is adventurous.
Which cup is Tom's?
I've already arranged to do that.
I don't think Tom was drunk.
When I stood up, I realized that Tom was much taller than I was.
I'm the one who wrote this story.
I don't have as much money in the bank as Tom does.
I didn't think Tom would be so afraid.
I'm the one who wants to do that.
Tom said something that he shouldn't have.
Tom speaks French, but Mary doesn't.
I'm the one who started the fire.
I don't think Tom is charismatic.
Which cap is Tom's?
I'm the one who started all this.
I don't think Tom was bored.
You don't seem to be as desperate to do that as Tom seems to be.
I'm the one who needs to do this.
I don't know if Tom will go camping with us or not.
I didn't think Tom would be so active.
I'm the one who knows what to do.
Tom said Mary didn't look like her sister.
Tom spends too much time doing that.
I'm the one who did that for you.
I don't think Tom is incompetent.
Which bag is Tom's?
I'm the one who built this house.
I don't think Tom was awake.
You don't seem to be as motivated to do that as Tom seems to be.
I'm not that much older than you.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want Mary to help him.
I didn't think Tom would be skeptical.
I'm going to get back home today.
Tom said Mary didn't look like her mother.
Tom talked for three hours non-stop.
I'm going to do that, eventually.
I don't think Tom is intelligent.
We agreed with Tom.
I'm going to do that pretty soon.
I don't think Tom was angry.
How disappointed do you think Tom will be if that doesn't happen?
I'm going to do that next winter.
I don't like the fact that Tom is going out with Mary.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston.
I'm going to do that next summer.
Tom said Mary didn't look like a beginner.
Tom took Mary's suitcase by mistake.
I'm going to do that next spring.
I don't think Tom is interesting.
Tom's luck ran out.
I'm going to do that next Monday.
I don't think Tom was alone.
I didn't know what to do with all the stuff Tom left at my place.
I'm going to do that again today.
I don't like to do the same things Tom likes to do.
I didn't know what Tom was looking at.
I'm going to do everything I can.
Tom said Mary didn't look happy to see us.
Tom took something to ease the pain.
I'm going to cook dinner tonight.
I don't think Tom is replaceable.
Tom's bus was late.
I'm going to buy a new saxophone.
I don't think Tom is sneaky.
I don't like to do the same kinds of things that Tom likes to do.
I'm going to be home next Monday.
I don't think Tom will be asleep when we get there.
I can't tell jokes as well as Tom can.
I'm going to be home by midnight.
Tom said Mary didn't look happy to see me.
Tom turned off the air conditioning.
I'm going to be here all morning.
I don't think Tom is through yet.
Tom waved his hand.
I'm going to be here all evening.
I don't think Tom is normal.
I don't like to eat the same kinds of food that Tom likes to eat.
I'm going to be doing that later.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I can't believe Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm going to Boston next weekend.
Tom read the book you gave him last night.
Tom used to have a drinking problem.
I'm going to Australia next week.
I don't think Tom is very bright.
Tom plays the drum.
I'm glad that you didn't do that.
I don't think Tom is insane.
I should've advised Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
I'm getting better at doing that.
I don't think that Tom's performance was very good.
I advised Tom not to agree to do that.
I'm fairly certain I can do that.
Tom persuaded me to go to Boston with him.
Tom was astonished, but Mary wasn't.
I'm expected to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom was doing that.
Tom plays baseball.
I'm doing this because I have to.
I don't think Tom is greedy.
I should've told Tom not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
I'll try to keep out of your way.
I don't think you'll be able to get Tom to do that.
How many of these are Tom's and yours?
I'll try not to bother you again.
Tom noticed that Mary's shoes were untied.
Tom was courageous, but Mary wasn't.
I'll give you an hour to do that.
I don't think Tom was downstairs.
Tom pays Mary well.
I'll be with you the entire time.
I don't think Tom is boring.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom used to be a policeman.
I'll be staying here for a while.
I don't understand why Tom behaves the way he does.
How disappointed do you think Tom was?
I'll be in Boston for three days.
Tom moved to Boston quite a few years ago.
Tom was devastated, but Mary wasn't.
I'll be in Boston for a few days.
I don't think Tom was frightened.
Tom only eats meat.
I'll be happy you didn't do that.
I don't need to go with Tom.
I'll tell you some things about Tom that you probably don't know.
I don't yet know what Tom and I are supposed to do.
How are Tom and I supposed to do that?
I'd be very upset if that happen.
Tom moved to Boston about three years ago.
Tom was diplomatic, but Mary wasn't.
I would've told you if I'd known.
I don't think Tom was interested.
Tom missed his bus.
I wonder where I should put this.
I don't like how Tom laughs.
My approach to solving the problem was very different than Tom's.
I won't live in Boston next year.
I had a telephone call from Tom early this morning.
Go and see what Tom is doing upstairs.
I wish I had the guts to do that.
Tom looks like he's in his early thirties.
Tom was displeased, but Mary wasn't.
I was the last person to do that.
I don't think Tom was reasonable.
Tom loves his pony.
I usually do that in the morning.
I can't stop looking at Tom.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who won't be at the meeting today.
I usually do that in the evening.
I hope Tom doesn't say anything to Mary about that.
Don't tell anyone Tom and I were here.
I think I'm going to be arrested.
Tom looks like he really needs a vacation.
Tom was distracted, but Mary wasn't.
I think I deserve an explanation.
I don't think Tom was successful.
Tom loved gambling.
I shouldn't have agreed to leave.
I bought Tom some chocolate.
Tom and I were the only ones who didn't know how to speak French.
I should be able to do that soon.
I should've told Tom not to believe what Mary says.
Do Tom and I need to be here tomorrow?
I seldom leave the house anymore.
Tom knew how to do what needed to be done.
Tom was doing that, but Mary wasn't.
I seldom complain about anything.
I don't think Tom will be amused.
Tom lost his watch.
I often do that in the afternoon.
I bought Tom a pint of beer.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time together when they were younger.
I might get injured if I do that.
I told Tom he should stop eating so much junk food.
Do Tom and I have to go anywhere else?
I haven't solved the problem yet.
Tom just listened and didn't say anything.
Tom was fascinated, but Mary wasn't.
I have no idea why that happened.
I don't think Tom will be asleep.
Tom lives here now.
I have no idea when I'll do that.
I asked Tom where he worked.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan to go to Boston with you.
I have no idea what I need to do.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe everything he read.
Do Tom and I have to be here tomorrow?
I have no idea what I have to do.
Tom isn't going, but Mary is going anyway.
Tom was frightened, but Mary wasn't.
I have a wife who's an alcoholic.
I don't think Tom will be honest.
Tom likes the rain.
I have a son and three daughters.
I asked Tom if he'd go, too.
Tom didn't seem to be as tempted to do that as Mary seemed to be.
I have a poor sense of direction.
I told Tom not to pitch his tent so near the river.
Did Tom really do what he said he did?
I have a high threshold for pain.
Tom isn't as reluctant to do that as I am.
Tom was frustrated, but Mary wasn't.
I have a friend living in Boston.
I don't think Tom will be hungry.
Tom isn't a genius.
I have a daughter about your age.
I asked Tom for his opinion.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tempted to do that as Mary seems to be.
I have a bicycle just like yours.
I told Tom not to waste his time trying to do that.
A police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
I have a T-shirt just like yours.
Tom isn't as motivated to do that as I am.
Tom was handcuffed, but Mary wasn't.
I had trouble opening the window.
I don't think Tom will be strict.
Tom is working now.
I had no intention of doing that.
I agreed to let Tom do that.
Tom is so stupid that even Mary seems smart when compared to him.
I had a problem opening the door.
I'll meet Tom at the bus stop a little before 2:30.
You think Tom is handsome, don't you?
I had a piece of pie for dessert.
Tom isn't as desperate to do that as I am.
Tom was indecisive, but Mary wasn't.
I had a hard time finding a taxi.
I don't think Tom will like Mary.
Tom is wearing red.
I had a glass of wine with lunch.
How many of these are Tom's?
Tom is very young and doesn't really understand what's happening.
I had a fight with my girlfriend.
I'm going over to Tom's now to tell him about that.
You don't think Tom can swim, do you?
I had a cold, so I stayed in bed.
Tom is usually at home on Monday evenings.
Tom was interested, but Mary wasn't.
I got there thirty minutes early.
I don't think that Tom was tired.
Tom is such a wimp.
I got out of bed and got dressed.
Don't you think Tom is cute?
Tom is well-known, not only here in Boston, but around the world.
I got home a couple of hours ago.
I'm not sure if I want to talk about that with Tom.
You don't seem to be as picky as Tom.
I got almost everything I wanted.
Tom is through doing that, but Mary isn't.
Tom was kicked out of the classroom.
I got almost everything I needed.
I don't think that surprised Tom.
Tom is really mean.
I got a parking ticket last week.
What are Tom and I missing?
Tom pulled over to the side of the road and turned off the motor.
I got a C on my last French test.
I'm sure Tom won't say anything to Mary about that.
You don't seem to be as crazy as Tom.
I felt that I had a lot to offer.
Tom is the one who usually milks the goat.
Tom was lucky to survive the attack.
I felt in my pockets for my keys.
I don't understand Tom sometimes.
Tom is pretty nice.
I don't want to return to Boston.
What are Tom and I getting?
Tom took Mary to a fancy Italian restaurant on their anniversary.
I don't want to live in the city.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary didn't like him.
What'll we do if Tom doesn't show up?
I don't want to go to the movies.
Tom is supposed to show me how to do that.
Tom was mesmerized, but Mary wasn't.
I don't want to eat here tonight.
I don't understand Tom's motives.
Tom is pretty cute.
I don't want to discuss that with you.
Tom's parents got divorced.
Tom will have to move out of the dorm at the end of the semester.
I don't want to buy your old car.
I'm the one who told Tom when the meeting would be.
Tom's parents don't know where he is.
I don't want to attend the party.
Tom is supposed to help us this afternoon.
Tom was reasonable, but Mary wasn't.
I don't very often eat junk food.
I don't usually do that with Tom.
Tom is out of luck.
I don't use a computer every day.
Tom's house isn't for sale.
When Tom told Mary that he wanted to become a pilot, she laughed.
I don't think that would be good.
If you think Tom is going to do that, you're wrong.
Tom's invention made him filthy rich.
I don't spend much time studying.
Tom is now either in Boston or in Chicago.
Tom was respectful, but Mary wasn't.
I don't remember my grandparents.
I don't want Tom to get involved.
Tom is my grandson.
I don't really do that very much.
Tom's cellphone is ringing.
You don't seem to be as determined to do that as Tom seems to be.
I don't put syrup on my pancakes.
Perhaps Tom is already waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom's friends often help Tom do that.
I don't play the piano very well.
Tom is at home on Mondays, but Mary isn't.
Tom was successful, but Mary wasn't.
I don't often drink beer at home.
I don't want to ask Tom for help.
Tom is leaving now.
I don't often do that on Mondays.
Tom works in the stockroom.
You don't seem to be as passionate about that as Tom seems to be.
I don't often argue with my wife.
This isn't what Tom and I were expecting to happen.
Tom works for a construction company.
I don't like modern architecture.
Tom is an architect, just like his father.
Tom was supportive, but Mary wasn't.
I don't let my children watch TV.
I don't want to help Tom do that.
Tom is just sleepy.
I don't know where I should park.
Tom went to Mary's concert.
You're going to eventually despise Tom, just like the rest of us.
I don't know what has to be done.
Tom and I are going to study together this evening.
Tom will take us to the zoo tomorrow.
I don't know how to tie my shoes.
Tom is a lot younger than you think he is.
Tom was suspicious, but Mary wasn't.
I don't know how to explain that.
I don't work as much as Tom does.
Tom is in the yard.
I don't know how to do the crawl.
Tom wasn't first. Mary was.
Ask Tom for his opinion. I'd be interested to know what he thinks.
I don't have time to read comics.
Tom and I are the only ones who decided to do that.
Tom will be working all day tomorrow.
I don't have any time to do that.
Tom is a lot smarter than you think he is.
Tom was told that he had to do that.
I don't have any interest in art.
I don't yet know why Tom is here.
Tom is a real wimp.
I don't have a steady girlfriend.
Tom was stung by a jellyfish.
I can't change the way Tom is, but that won't stop me from trying.
I don't have a dollar to my name.
Tom and I aren't going to stay at that hotel again.
Tom will be coming to the party, too.
I don't have a chance of winning.
Tom has three brothers who live in Boston.
Tom was told that he should do that.
I don't go to a very good school.
I got into the elevator with Tom.
Tom is a counselor.
I don't eat any fish except tuna.
Tom warned Mary about that.
I don't always get up early, but I usually get up before Tom does.
I don't cry as much as I used to.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who have to do this.
Tom will ask Mary to do that for you.
I didn't think I'd be so unlucky.
Tom has decided to go to Boston next week.
Tom was unfriendly, but Mary wasn't.
I didn't need to get up so early.
I guess Tom isn't doing too well.
Tom is Mary's type.
I didn't know what to do with it.
Tom wants to eat spaghetti.
I'm going over to Tom's apartment to tell him about what happened.
I can't stand being contradicted.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who know what to do.
Tom will ask Mary to do that for him.
I can't sleep without a light on.
Tom has been out of work for over a month.
Tom was wearing shoes without socks.
I can't run as fast as I used to.
I had a chat with Tom about that.
Tom has gone blind.
I can't remember how to use this.
Tom wanted to be like John.
Tom always takes care of my dog whenever I leave town on business.
I can't play the piano very well.
Tom and I aren't the only ones who need to do that.
Tom went to Boston to look for a job.
I can't play the drums very well.
Tom has been looking for Mary all morning.
Tom wasn't as surprised as Mary was.
I can't play piano all that well.
I had a good time talking to Tom.
Tom has big dreams.
I can't go to the movies tonight.
Tom soon learned the truth.
Tom didn't seem to be as hesitant to do that as Mary seemed to be.
I can't go to the dance with you.
Tom and I were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom went back home to get his guitar.
I can't go to Boston this summer.
Tom has been going out with another woman.
Tom wasn't courageous, but Mary was.
I can't go home until after 2:30.
I had fun playing cards with Tom.
Tom got very tired.
I can't fix everything by myself.
Tom seems to be distracted.
Tom doesn't seem to be as hesitant to do that as Mary seems to be.
I can't decide who I should hire.
Tom and I were the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom waved at Mary and she waved back.
I can't decide where to put this.
Tom has already spoken to Mary about that.
Tom wasn't displeased, but Mary was.
I can't come to the office today.
I have a hunch that Tom is right.
Tom got very tipsy.
I can't come to Boston this year.
Tom says he remembers Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to pay attention to details as much as Mary does.
I always do what I promise to do.
Tom and I weren't the ones who ate all the cookies.
Tom wasn't very strict, but Mary was.
I almost pushed the wrong button.
Tom has achieved some pretty good results.
Tom wasn't doing that, but Mary was.
I almost never watch TV nowadays.
I have a newer car than Tom does.
Tom got very tense.
I almost forgot to lock the door.
Tom said he felt wonderful.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know that he doesn't know how to do that.
I admit I was skeptical at first.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who got here early.
Tom wasn't the only boy at the party.
Did you really intend to do that?
Tom has a desk and a bookcase in his room.
Tom wasn't frightened, but Mary was.
Could you please help me do this?
I have a nicer car than Tom does.
Tom got very lucky.
Could you please help me do that?
Tom said he felt reassured.
Tom dug a hole in his backyard with the shovel Mary had given him.
All of my cousins live in Boston.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who had to do that.
Tom wasn't sympathetic, but Mary was.
You still don't want to do that.
Tom has a backpack and one small suitcase.
Tom wasn't frustrated, but Mary was.
You still don't need to do that.
I have no idea what Tom is doing.
Tom got very happy.
You still don't have to do that.
Tom said he felt powerless.
Tom hopes that the police find the person who killed his daughter.
You might want to do that today.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who showed up late.
Tom wasn't intoxicated, but Mary was.
You don't want me to go, do you?
Tom doesn't want to play tennis on Monday.
Tom wasn't handcuffed, but Mary was.
You don't seem to like anything.
I have no idea when Tom did that.
Tom got very fussy.
You don't seem to be in a hurry.
Tom said he felt neglected.
Tom is looking for someone to replace his secretary who just quit.
You don't seem to be having fun.
Tom and Mary ate dinner at an expensive restaurant.
Tom wasn't embarrassed, but Mary was.
You don't seem to be busy today.
Tom doesn't want to play baseball anymore.
Tom wasn't hurt as much as Mary was.
You don't need to do that again.
I heard that from Tom last month.
Tom got very bossy.
You don't look like your mother.
Tom said he felt fantastic.
Tom sat next to Mary and read a book while she sat there knitting.
You don't look like your father.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wasn't disobedient, but Mary was.
You can't keep doing this to me.
Tom doesn't want Mary to wear any jewelry.
Tom wasn't interested, but Mary was.
Why aren't you wearing your hat?
I know what Tom intends to do.
Tom got very bored.
When did you return from Boston?
Tom said he felt desperate.
Tom's dog seems to enjoy riding in the back of Tom's pickup truck.
We'll get to Boston before dark.
Tom asked me to help Mary with her French homework.
Tom wasn't discouraged, but Mary was.
We don't know all the facts yet.
Tom doesn't want Mary to see John anymore.
Tom wasn't reasonable, but Mary was.
Was it cold in Boston yesterday?
I should've told Tom to go there.
Tom got frustrated.
My brother doesn't look like me.
Tom said I didn't look old.
Why are Tom and I the ones who have to come up with all the ideas?
Mary is no longer my girlfriend.
Tom did something yesterday that he shouldn't have.
Tom wasn't cooperative, but Mary was.
I've agreed to be there by 2:30.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know what he did.
Tom wasn't respectful, but Mary was.
I'm the one who set this all up.
I think Tom really believes that.
Tom does like Mary.
I'm the one who has the tickets.
Tom reread the message.
You don't have to show those pictures to Tom if you don't want to.
I'm not yet old enough to drive.
Tom didn't seem to be as busy as Mary seemed to be.
Tom was the last to leave the office.
I'm not yet old enough to drink.
Tom doesn't want Mary to know he was rich.
Tom wasn't successful, but Mary was.
I'm not very good at doing that.
I told Tom he should be punctual.
Tom died last week.
I'm not sure if I'm up for that.
Tom picked up a hitchhiker.
You don't seem to be having as much fun as Tom seems to be having.
I'm not really ready to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be as calm as Mary seemed to be.
Tom was sympathetic, but Mary wasn't.
I'm not really going to do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go out with John.
Tom wasn't supportive, but Mary was.
I'm going to do that eventually.
I told Tom he should leave early.
Tom burned his arm.
I'm going to come back tomorrow.
Tom painted Mary's bicycle.
Even though Tom is one of my neighbors, I don't know him very well.
I'm going to clean up this mess.
Tom didn't seem to be as lazy as Mary seemed to be.
Tom was sitting on the floor, crying.
I'm going to be there very soon.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get into trouble.
Tom wasn't suspicious, but Mary was.
I'm going to be here until noon.
I told Tom he should work harder.
This must be Tom's.
I'm going to be going home soon.
Tom needs to call his wife.
I don't have Tom's address in Boston, but he has his phone number.
I'm going to be doing that soon.
Tom didn't seem to be as slow as Mary seemed to be.
Tom was planning doing that tomorrow.
I'm going to be busy until 2:30.
Tom doesn't seem to be as relaxed as Mary.
Tom went to Boston by car last week.
I'm going to be back in an hour.
I told Tom not to buy a used car.
The cat licked Tom.
I'm going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom might've been abducted.
I shouldn't have agreed to meet Tom in front of the school at 2:30.
I'm going to arrive around noon.
Tom didn't seem to be as wise as Mary seemed to be.
Tom was pessimistic, but Mary wasn't.
I'm going to apply for that job.
Tom doesn't seem to be as popular as Mary.
Tom will only come if you come, too.
I'm going to Boston this winter.
I told Tom not to drink too much.
Tell Tom your name.
I'm going to Boston on business.
Tom loves watching animals.
I'd barely taken my coat off when Tom told me it was time to leave.
I'm expected to do that as well.
Tom doesn't have enough experience to get that job.
Tom was overwhelmed, but Mary wasn't.
I'm also going to do that today.
Tom doesn't seem to be as patient as Mary.
Tom wrote about that in his journal.
I'm tired, so I won't do that.
I told Tom not to drive too fast.
Maybe Tom was sick.
I'll visit you as soon as I can.
Tom loved living in Boston.
Tom climbed halfway up the ladder and then turned and looked at us.
I'll try never to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to be as busy as Mary seems to be.
Tom was mischievous, but Mary wasn't.
I'll tell you the rest tomorrow.
Tom doesn't seem to be as excited as Mary.
Tom's best friend is from Australia.
I'll probably be pretty nervous.
I told Tom to buy a new computer.
Let's sit with Tom.
I'll play tennis this afternoon.
Tom looks like a foreigner.
Tom didn't seem to be as desperate to do that as Mary seemed to be.
I'll lend you whatever you need.
Tom doesn't seem to be as calm as Mary seems to be.
Tom was intoxicated, but Mary wasn't.
I'll help anyone who needs help.
Tom doesn't play the banjo, but Mary does.
Tom's glasses are on the nightstand.
I'll go to the library tomorrow.
I told Tom to go see a doctor.
Is this room Tom's?
I'll get something for you, too.
Tom looked at the pictures.
Tom didn't seem to be as motivated to do that as Mary seemed to be.
I'll be with you the whole time.
Tom doesn't seem to be as lazy as Mary seems to be.
Tom was embarrassed, but Mary wasn't.
I'll be there tomorrow for sure.
Tom doesn't go to the same school as Mary.
Tom's parents are worried about him.
I'll be starved when I get home.
I told Tom to go to the hospital.
Is this cane Tom's?
I'll be hungry when I get there.
Tom lives next to a church.
Tom didn't seem to be as reluctant to do that as Mary seemed to be.
I'll be free tomorrow afternoon.
Tom doesn't seem to be as nosy as Mary seems to be.
Tom was disobedient, but Mary wasn't.
I'll be back tomorrow afternoon.
Tom didn't want Mary to sing at his party.
We also think that Tom will do that.
I'll be arriving in the morning.
I wasn't as surprised as Tom was.
Is this bike Tom's?
I'd be happy to see that happen.
Tom likes the color orange.
Tom doesn't seem to be as attentive in class as the other students.
I wish doing that was that easy.
Tom doesn't seem to be as rich as Mary seems to be.
Tom was discouraged, but Mary wasn't.
I was exhausted when I got home.
Tom didn't believe anything Mary told him.
What we do depends on what Tom does.
I want to buy a trash compactor.
I won't stay as long as Tom will.
Is that bike Tom's?
I stayed in bed all day reading.
Tom liked living in Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to be as desperate to do that as Mary seems to be.
I seldom do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't seem to be as slow as Mary seems to be.
Tom was cooperative, but Mary wasn't.
I seldom do that in the evening.
Tom did that yesterday for the first time.
Where are Tom and I supposed to sit?
I often do that in my free time.
I wonder if Tom is still in jail.
I trusted you, Tom.
I have no idea what needs to be done.
Tom knows he can trust you.
Tom doesn't seem to be as motivated to do that as Mary seems to be.
I need to lie down for a moment.
Tom got arrested just as he was boarding the plane.
Tom wanted to study French with Mary.
I hope you're as amused as I am.
Tom came to Boston at the age of thirteen.
Why do you think that Tom is a liar?
I hope I'm not doing this wrong.
I wondered what Tom was thinking.
I told Tom to rest.
I have three dogs and three cats.
Tom knew Mary was Canadian.
Tom doesn't seem to be as reluctant to do that as Mary seems to be.
I have all day to get that done.
Tom has confessed that he was the one who did that.
Tom visited Mary last Monday morning.
I have a tough decision to make.
Tom came to Boston almost three years ago.
Why do you think that Tom is stupid?
I have a rowboat you can borrow.
I'd never seen Tom so mad before.
I noticed Tom, too.
I have a music education degree.
Tom just left a minute ago.
Tom drinks a glass of water every morning before he eats breakfast.
I have a low tolerance for pain.
Tom hummed to himself as he was painting the fence.
Tom tried to get someone to help him.
I have a lot to be thankful for.
Tom called Mary to tell her the good news.
You should really break up with Tom.
I have a lot to be grateful for.
I'll ask Tom to do that for Mary.
I looked over at Tom.
I have a little money put aside.
Tom isn't shy, but Mary is.
Tom isn't a high school student. He's a junior high school student.
I have a hat just like that one.
Tom is difficult to get along with, but Mary isn't.
Tom took some pills to ease the pain.
I have a friend who's in prison.
Tom began to date Mary sometime last year.
Did Tom tell Mary why he was leaving?
I have a farm not far from here.
I'll be very happy Tom does that.
I like Tom's laugh.
I have a daughter who's a nurse.
Tom isn't really in Boston.
Tom lives in a small town about three hundred kilometers from here.
I have a car, but seldom use it.
Tom is no more qualified for that job than you are.
Tom took another look out the window.
I have a brother who's a doctor.
Tom asked me to teach Mary how to do that.
Don't tell anyone Tom and I are here.
I have a bad sense of direction.
I'll be with Tom the entire time.
I had fun with Tom.
I have a bad feeling about that.
Tom isn't mad, but Mary is.
Tom showed me some pictures of his family that he had on his phone.
I had plenty of time to do that.
Tom is planning on staying in Boston until October.
Tom told us a very interesting story.
I had no idea what was going on.
Tom asked me to give Mary time to do that.
Don't you think Tom looks like his father?
I had my reasons for doing that.
I'll have Tom do that right away.
I got Tom to smile.
I had my eyes checked last week.
Tom isn't fun, but Mary is.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents that he'd flunked three classes.
I had good reason to be jealous.
Tom is too young to understand what's going on.
Tom told me to tell you Mary is fine.
I had butterflies in my stomach.
Tom asked if I thought Mary could do that.
I advised Tom to eat more vegetables.
I had an opportunity to do that.
I'll make Tom do that right away.
I drank Tom's beer.
I had a hard time finding a job.
Tom isn't fat, but Mary is.
I can't change the way Tom is, but that doesn't stop me from trying.
I had a bad headache last night.
Tom isn't difficult to get along with, but Mary is.
Tom told me that Mary would be upset.
I got up and went to the window.
Tom asked Mary why she'd left her husband.
I advised Tom to go there by bicycle.
I got tired of waiting and left.
I'll tell Tom to do that for you.
I called Tom twice.
I got these tickets for nothing.
Tom isn't as tired as I am.
I don't know what became of Tom after he graduated from high school.
I got stuck with the whole bill.
Tom laughed when he heard about what Mary had done.
Tom told me that Mary would be tired.
I got some money from my father.
Tom asked Mary to help him make a snowman.
I advised Tom to stay away from Mary.
I got pulled over by the police.
I'm not as discouraged as Tom is.
Eat your soup, Tom.
I got paid more than I expected.
Tom isn't as smart as I am.
I told Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
I got more than I bargained for.
Tom leaned against the wall and smoked a cigarette.
Tom told me that Mary would be ready.
I got here thirty minutes early.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her car.
I can't even pretend that I like Tom.
I got here a little before 2:30.
If you need Tom's help, call him.
You're lucky, Tom.
I got caught cheating on a test.
Tom isn't as short as I am.
I told Tom not to waste his time trying to persuade Mary to do that.
I got back to Boston last night.
Tom left his sunglasses on the dashboard of my car.
Tom still goes jogging every morning.
I got a late start this morning.
Tom asked Mary how her father was feeling.
I can't lend Tom any money right now.
I felt uncomfortable, so I left.
Is that briefcase Tom's or yours?
Why is Tom so sad?
I felt the cold snow on my face.
Tom isn't as quick as I am.
The only reason Tom is famous is because he married a famous singer.
I felt like a fish out of water.
Tom left the groceries in the back seat of the car.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary is.
I feel like a fish out of water.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said did.
I didn't agree to accept Tom's offer.
I feel I owe you an explanation.
Isn't Tom a good friend of yours?
Who is Tom really?
I don't want to study in Boston.
Tom isn't as picky as I am.
The police arrested Tom because he looked a little like the suspect.
I don't want to stay home today.
Tom likes reading science fiction novels in French.
Tom spends a lot of time working out.
I don't want to join your group.
Tom and I've been friends for a long time.
I didn't agree to ask Tom to do that.
I don't want to go to the beach.
It doesn't seem to matter to Tom.
We didn't see Tom.
I don't want to do that, either.
Tom isn't as lucky as I am.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who didn't know how to speak French.
I don't want to become a doctor.
Tom may look busy, but he's actually not very busy.
Tom skipped all of his classes today.
I don't usually do that at home.
Tom and I'd like to go on the picnic, too.
I didn't buy Tom what he said he needed.
I don't usually carry much cash.
Let's go to Boston and visit Tom.
We agree with Tom.
I don't think you understand me.
Tom isn't as drunk as I am.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who wanted to leave the party early.
I don't think I passed the exam.
Tom needed Mary's advice, but he couldn't find her.
Tom seems to really enjoy doing that.
I don't take a shower every day.
Tom and I weren't the ones who complained.
I didn't buy Tom what he said he wanted.
I don't speak French very often.
Let's not talk about Tom anymore.
Tom's light is on.
I don't smoke and I don't drink.
Tom isn't as dirty as I am.
Tom didn't seem to be as determined to do that as Mary seemed to be.
I don't ride my bicycle anymore.
Tom never let his friends know that he was in pain.
Tom seems to know exactly what to do.
I don't remember how I got home.
Tom and I were the only ones who survived.
I didn't know you were Tom's brother.
I don't remember how I did this.
That incident changed Tom's life.
Tom will ask Mary.
I don't remember how I did that.
Tom isn't as crazy as I am.
Tom didn't seem to be as passionate about that as Mary seemed to be.
I don't really know where to go.
Tom noticed that Mary was having trouble breathing.
Tom seems to be feeling a lot better.
I don't really know what to buy.
Tom and I were the only ones who did that.
I didn't think Tom would be barefoot.
I don't often talk to strangers.
That's why Tom and I were absent.
Tom saw Mary, too.
I don't often play golf anymore.
Tom isn't as clean as I am.
Tom didn't seem to be interested in doing that and neither did Mary.
I don't often have weekends off.
Tom said Mary didn't look even a little bit scared.
Tom saw some rabbits in his backyard.
I don't often come here anymore.
Tom and I were the ones who dug this hole.
I didn't think Tom would be finished.
I don't love my husband anymore.
Those hats aren't Tom's and mine.
Tom needs to rest.
I don't live very far from here.
Tom isn't as angry as I am.
Tom doesn't seem to be as determined to do that as Mary seems to be.
I don't like wearing high heels.
Tom said he didn't think we should call the police.
Tom sat in the back of the classroom.
I don't like that kind of woman.
Tom and I have no idea what we need to do.
I didn't think Tom would be forgiven.
I don't like sugar in my coffee.
Tom advised Mary to quit smoking.
Tom met Mary here.
I don't like people touching me.
Tom isn't any good at math.
Tom doesn't seem to be as passionate about that as Mary seems to be.
I don't like our French teacher.
Tom said he had something important to do and left.
Tom said he won't leave without Mary.
I don't like living in the city.
Tom and I aren't sure what should be done.
I didn't think Tom would be prepared.
I don't know who has to do that.
Tom aimed his rifle at the tiger.
Tom loves me, too.
I don't know much about sailing.
Tom is wearing brown shoes.
Tom is the only person that I've ever been able to trust completely.
I don't know much about hunting.
Tom said he was absolutely sure Mary would do that.
Tom said he felt something was wrong.
I don't know much about fishing.
Tom and I aren't interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be so bored.
I don't keep my room very clean.
Tom almost never works on Monday.
Tom loves his son.
I don't have to stay home today.
Tom is wearing black shoes.
You don't seem to be as interested in doing that as Tom seems to be.
I don't have the guts to say no.
Tom says I don't need to go there unless I want to.
Tom said he felt like going swimming.
I don't have a key to this room.
Tom and I aren't going to let that happen.
I didn't think Tom would be so bossy.
I don't even know your name yet.
Tom always fulfills his promises.
Tom lost his life.
I don't buy white bread anymore.
Tom is way out your league.
A lot of things have changed since the last time Tom and I were here.
I don't always do this this way.
Tom showed up at the party with his new girlfriend.
Tom said he felt completely helpless.
I didn't think I'd be so sleepy.
Tom and I aren't going to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom would be so brave.
I didn't think I'd be so lonely.
Tom always gets places too early.
Tom likes cookies.
I didn't know that you did that.
Tom is usually home by now.
I got a part-time job as a bartender at the same bar where Tom sings.
Tom slept in the backseat of the car as Mary drove.
Tom said he doesn't want to be on TV.
I can't tell you about that yet.
Tom and I are the ones who'll handle that.
I didn't think Tom would be so crazy.
I can't take any call right now.
Tom always seems to be depressed.
Tom let Mary down.
I can't stand being interrupted.
Tom is terrified of snakes.
I had a splinter in my finger, so I asked Tom to help me get it out.
I can't lift this box by myself.
Tom spends time with his grandparents every Monday.
Tom said he didn't like Mary's dress.
I can't blame anyone but myself.
Tom and I are the ones who always do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so cruel.
I can give you a ride in my car.
Tom always seems to be with Mary.
Tom kicked me out.
I arrived in Boston around 2:30.
Tom is supposed to help us.
I'll never forget the first time I saw Tom and Mary dancing together.
I almost went fishing yesterday.
Tom told me that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't look very happy.
I almost never watch TV anymore.
Tom and I are going to Boston on business.
I didn't think Tom would be so dirty.
I almost never kiss my children.
Tom and I aren't able to do that.
Tom just saw Mary.
I almost always wear suspenders.
Tom is supposed to do that.
I'm the one who took care of Tom when his mother was in the hospital.
I almost always wear sunglasses.
Tom told me that Mary would be prepared to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't look frightened.
I admit that I've been careless.
Tom always does what Mary wants him to do.
I didn't think Tom would be so early.
You don't seem very interested.
Tom and I aren't sure what to do.
Tom isn't singing.
You don't seem to care anymore.
Tom is shy, but Mary isn't.
It looks like Tom and I are the only ones here who know how to dance.
You don't really need to worry.
Tom told us what changes he thought should be made.
Tom pressed his cheek against Mary's.
You don't need to talk so loud.
Tom almost died when he fell off the roof.
I didn't think Tom would be so funny.
You don't look like a beginner.
Tom and I aren't very hungry yet.
Tom is sick today.
You don't know how strong I am.
Tom is really grumpy today.
Tom didn't seem to be having as much fun as Mary seemed to be having.
You didn't drink that, did you?
Tom told us what changes he thought we should make.
Tom often visits his father's office.
Will you go to Boston by plane?
Tom almost always eats eggs for breakfast.
I didn't think Tom would be so moody.
What food is Boston famous for?
Tom and Mary are both Christians.
Tom is scaring me.
We'll have a meeting on Monday.
Tom is rather intimidating.
Tom doesn't seem to be having as much fun as Mary seems to be having.
We'll go to Boston and Chicago.
Tom was arrested just as he was boarding the plane.
Tom married a woman he met in Boston.
We'll be really busy, won't we?
Tom Jackson was the mayor for a long time.
I didn't think Tom would be so naive.
We have a three-month-old baby.
Tom and Mary had dinner together.
Tom is pretty bad.
We had a lot of fun doing that.
Tom is out, but Mary isn't.
Tom has written a lot of books, but none of them have been published.
We can't finish this by Monday.
Tom washed the lettuce while Mary cut the tomatoes.
Tom looks like he's enjoying herself.
Was it hot in Boston yesterday?
That's the only reason Tom and I are here.
I didn't think Tom would be so needy.
Tell us what we're doing wrong.
Tom and Mary spent hours talking.
Tom is kicking me.
Please let me fix that for you.
Tom is out running errands.
Tom stopped going to church about the time he graduated from college.
Let's go to Boston next summer.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do.
Tom lives in the apartment next door.
Let me drive you to your place.
That's not what Tom and I are looking for.
I didn't think Tom would be so nosey.
It wasn't very easy to do that.
Tom and Mary spent time together.
Tom is just tired.
It doesn't really matter to me.
Tom is now very overweight.
Tom tried to persuade his parents to let him go to Boston by himself.
I've had a very difficult year.
Tom went to Boston to study mechanical engineering.
Tom likes it when Mary cooks for him.
I've fallen and I can't get up.
That's not what Tom and I are going to do.
I didn't think Tom would be so picky.
I'm very relieved to hear that.
Tom and Mary were alone together.
Tom is going away.
I'm the one who wanted to wait.
Tom is my French professor.
You don't seem to be as amused by what's going on as Tom seems to be.
I'm the one who suggested this.
Tom would never complain about something like that.
Tom left work at 2:30 this afternoon.
I'm the one who suggested that.
None of Tom's friends offered to help him.
I didn't think Tom would be so pushy.
I'm the one who should do that.
Tom asked me to go home early.
Tom is at the gym.
I'm the one who made this mess.
Tom is majoring in biology.
How disappointed do you think Tom will be if we don't let him do that?
I'm the one who had to do that.
Tom's love of classical music isn't shared by Mary.
Tom left the restaurant still hungry.
I'm the one who broke the vase.
Let's not start until after Tom gets here.
I didn't think Tom would be so quiet.
I'm the one who asked for help.
Tom asked me where Mary was born.
Tom is a lazy bum.
I'm reluctant to do that again.
Tom is mad, but Mary isn't.
I wanted to buy a new bicycle for Tom, but I didn't have enough money.
I'm much stronger than you are.
Why are Tom and I being asked to go back to Boston?
Tom left before the meeting was over.
I'm in love with your daughter.
It looked like Tom wasn't having much fun.
I didn't think Tom would be so sweet.
I'm going to do whatever I can.
Tom asked me where Mary was from.
Tom is a lazy boy.
I'm going to do that this fall.
Tom is lot older than Mary.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom used to be a French teacher.
I'm going to do that right now.
You don't have to go with Tom if you don't want to.
Tom left before the concert was over.
I'm going to do that on my own.
Is that what Tom and I are supposed to do?
I didn't think Tom would be so timid.
I'm going to do that on Monday.
Tom ate three eggs for breakfast.
Tom grinned at me.
I'm going to do that next fall.
Tom is in Boston, it seems.
I'll never forget how nice Tom was to me when I first moved to Boston.
I'm going to do that by myself.
You don't seem convinced that Tom wants to do that.
Tom left Mary and John by themselves.
I'm going to come back at 2:30.
I've spoken to Tom and he says Mary is OK.
I didn't think Tom would be so witty.
I'm going to college next year.
Tom baked cookies this afternoon.
Tom got very weak.
I'm going to buy that painting.
Tom is going to leave Mary.
Tom said I was already unconscious by the time the paramedics arrived.
I'm going to buy a new bicycle.
You don't seem to be as annoyed as Tom seems to be.
Tom learned French when he was young.
I'm going to be here all night.
I'm the one who warned Tom not to do that.
I didn't want Tom to go hang gliding.
I'm going to be here all month.
Tom baked some brownies for Mary.
Tom got very rich.
I'm glad that I didn't do that.
Tom is fun, but Mary isn't.
Tom used to be my brother-in-law. He's my younger sister's ex-husband.
I'm doing this for my children.
You don't seem to be as anxious as Tom seems to be.
Tom isn't really prepared to do that.
I'm considering not doing that.
I'm the one who told Tom where Mary lived.
I don't agree with Tom on that point.
I'm certainly going to do that.
Tom banged his knee on the table.
Tom got very lost.
I'm almost finished doing that.
Tom is fat, but Mary isn't.
Tom would've died when he fell of the roof if he'd landed on his head.
I'll never, ever do that again.
You don't seem to be as awkward as Tom seems to be.
Tom isn't materialistic, but Mary is.
I'll have my secretary do that.
I'm the one who told Tom not to trust you.
I don't believe the rumors about Tom.
I'll give you a ride in my car.
Tom bought me the books I needed.
Tom got very cold.
I'll be waiting at the station.
Tom is expecting your call.
When I went to wake Tom up, he said he wanted to sleep a while longer.
I'll be there just after lunch.
You don't seem to be as curious as Tom seems to be.
Tom isn't as manipulative as Mary is.
I'll be there in just a moment.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I don't care whether Tom stays or go.
I'll be ready in just a minute.
Tom brought Mary to the hospital.
Tom got very busy.
I'll be hungry when I get home.
Tom is eating potato chips.
Because there was a lot of traffic, Tom and I were late to the meeting.
I'll be here until next Monday.
You don't seem to be as cynical as Tom seems to be.
Tom isn't able to support his family.
I'll be here next week, I hope.
I'm surprised that Tom can't speak French.
I don't expect Tom to do that for me.
I'd never force you to do that.
Tom brushed the snow off his hat.
Tom got irritated.
I'd like to go to Boston again.
Tom is dressed very warmly.
I advised Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
I'd get arrested if I did that.
You don't seem to be as excited as Tom seems to be.
Tom is wearing shoes, but Mary isn't.
I wish I had a house like this.
I'm not good at French and neither is Tom.
I don't get along with Tom's parents.
I was very hungry by lunchtime.
Tom burned his hand on the stove.
Tom got flustered.
I was the last person to leave.
Tom is definitely innocent.
I advised Tom not to waste his time trying to persuade Mary to do that.
I was questioned by the police.
You don't seem to be as frantic as Tom seems to be.
Tom is wearing jeans and is barefoot.
I was in Boston for a few days.
I'm not as reluctant to do that as Tom is.
I don't have what Tom is looking for.
I was arrested for shoplifting.
Tom did whatever he wanted to do.
Tom got emotional.
I want to buy a purple sweater.
Tom is dangerous, isn't he?
I'll never forget the first time I heard Tom and Mary singing together.
I sometimes do that on Mondays.
You don't seem to be as nervous as Tom seems to be.
Tom is wearing a pair of black boots.
I should get there before 2:30.
I'm not as motivated to do that as Tom is.
I don't like chocolate, but Tom does.
I plan to be a teacher someday.
Tom got desperate.
I often do that in the morning.
Tom is correct. Mary isn't.
Don't you think that Tom is a little too young to be doing that by himself?
I often do that in the evening.
You don't seem to be as patient as Tom seems to be.
Tom is visiting his family in Boston.
I often came here as a student.
I'm not as desperate to do that as Tom is.
I don't like how Tom makes spaghetti.
I never do that in the evening.
Tom didn't want Mary to buy that.
Tom got defensive.
I might get fired if I do that.
Tom is completely clueless.
Tom and I weren't the only ones in the room that couldn't speak French.
I hope you're as happy as I am.
You don't seem to be as relaxed as Tom seems to be.
Tom is very dependent on his parents.
I hope everything turns out OK.
I'm going to do what Tom said I should do.
I don't like the way Tom looks at me.
I hope I can get there on time.
Tom died just three months later.
Tom gave it a try.
I haven't seen the results yet.
Tom is at the hospital now.
Tom didn't seem to be amused by what was going on and neither was Mary.
I have three teenage daughters.
You don't seem to be as serious as Tom seems to be.
Tom is usually here in the afternoon.
I have aspirin in my briefcase.
I'm going to do that before Tom gets here.
I don't like the way Tom treats Mary.
I have a workshop in my garage.
Tom doesn't look like he's happy.
Tom drove me nuts.
I have a good friend in Boston.
Tom is also writing a book.
Tom didn't seem to be as interested in doing that as Mary seemed to be.
I have a cousin who's a doctor.
You don't seem to be as unlucky as Tom seems to be.
Tom is usually a lot nicer than Mary.
I have a couple of suggestions.
I'm going to help Tom paint his garage.
I don't really want Tom to help Mary.
I have a bruise on my left leg.
Tom doesn't want to go to prison.
Tom came by train.
I had trouble opening the door.
Tom is acting suspiciously.
Tom doesn't seem to be as interested in doing that as Mary seems to be.
I had my piano tuned on Monday.
You don't seem to be as worried as Tom seems to be.
Tom is the youngest one in our class.
I had all day to get that done.
I'm going to ask Tom to eat lunch with us.
I don't remember Tom's father's name.
I had a really bad day at work.
Tom doesn't work with me anymore.
Let Tom handle it.
I had a hard time finding work.
Tom is about six feet tall.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents that he'd been kicked out of school.
I guess I need to study harder.
You don't seem to be aware that Tom didn't do that.
Tom is the chairman of our committee.
I got to the hotel around 2:30.
I'm going to ask Tom to eat lunch with me.
I don't remember Tom's sister's name.
I got suspended for doing that.
Tom fixed Mary's bicycle for her.
Is this pen Tom's?
I got some water from the well.
Tom helped Mary find a job.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I got out of the swimming pool.
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to be doing?
Tom is stupid, but I love him anyway.
I got married three months ago.
I'll never forget the day I first met Tom.
I don't think Tom can really do that.
I got into another fight today.
Tom followed Mary into the house.
Is this hat Tom's?
I got home just after midnight.
Tom hasn't gone to bed yet.
Tom buried the gold coins his grandfather had given him in his backyard.
I got here a little after 2:30.
Every time Tom comes to Boston, he always visits me.
Tom is staying at his parents' place.
I got exactly what I asked for.
I'll go with Tom in case he needs my help.
I don't think Tom did anything wrong.
I got arrested for shoplifting.
Tom followed the rabbit's tracks.
Is this dog Tom's?
I got a computer for Christmas.
Tom has never skied before.
Tom cried when he heard that his dog had been killed by a mountain lion.
I felt like I've been betrayed.
I admit I didn't do what Tom told me I needed to do.
Tom is sophisticated, but Mary isn't.
I feel it's my duty to do that.
I'll do everything Tom has asked me to do.
I don't think Tom is fit for the job.
I feel I can tell you anything.
Tom got home just after midnight.
Is this cup Tom's?
I enjoy listening to the radio.
Tom has never gone hunting.
Tom doesn't seem to be as amused by what's going on as Mary seems to be.
I don't yet know what we'll do.
I admitted I didn't do what Tom told me I had to do.
Tom is self-conscious, but Mary isn't.
I don't want to study medicine.
I wish I could get Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think Tom is home on Mondays.
I don't want to stay in Boston.
Tom got mad at me for doing that.
Is this car Tom's?
I don't want to see that movie.
Tom has had another stroke.
Tom has been so busy lately that he hasn't had time to hang out with us.
I don't want to live on my own.
I advised Tom to come back home as soon as he could.
Tom is scared to death of his father.
I don't want to join your club.
I wish I could get Tom to quit doing that.
I don't think Tom was being truthful.
I don't want to be an engineer.
Tom got mad at us for doing that.
Is this bag Tom's?
I don't usually dress this way.
Tom grabbed his dog's tail.
Tom tasted the cake Mary made and said he didn't like the way it tasted.
I don't use salt in my cooking.
I advised Tom to come back home as soon as possible.
Tom is overconfident, but Mary isn't.
I don't understand much French.
I wish I could get Tom to do that with me.
I don't think Tom was busy yesterday.
I don't think that will happen.
Tom got very famous very quickly.
Is this Tom's hat?
I don't think I'll get the job.
Tom got stung by a jellyfish.
Tom's birthday is coming up in a week and I don't know what to give him.
I don't think I agree with you.
I agreed to meet Tom in front of the school at 2:30.
Tom is moving into a new house today.
I don't speak French every day.
I was surprised Tom couldn't speak French.
I don't think Tom was careful enough.
I don't really want to eat now.
Tom had a pretty rough childhood.
Is this Tom's dog?
I don't often eat meat anymore.
Tom got lost in the jungle.
Tom's neighbors always complain about the noise whenever he has a party.
I don't often drink white wine.
I can't speak French. Tom can't speak French either.
Tom is kind of old for you, isn't he?
I don't need to work on Monday.
I told Tom to take better care of himself.
I don't think Tom was home on Monday.
I don't necessarily have to go.
Tom has been behaving like a kid.
Is that car Tom's?
I don't mind lending you money.
Tom got friendly with Mary.
I don't think I've ever heard either Tom or Mary complain about anything.
I don't like to rely on others.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom is just trying to manipulate you.
I don't like this kind of food.
I told Tom not to leave his door unlocked.
I don't think Tom will be successful.
I don't like the way you dance.
Tom has been married once before.
Is that Tom's son?
I don't like milk in my coffee.
Tom got even more agitated.
I'm the one who gave Tom the painting that's hanging above his fireplace.
I don't like coffee with sugar.
I didn't think Tom would be so desperate to do that.
Tom is irreplaceable, but Mary isn't.
I don't let my dog in my house.
I told Tom not to buy Mary's old computer.
I don't think Tom's plan is feasible.
I don't know how to play chess.
Tom has been placed on probation.
Is that Tom's hat?
I don't know how to milk a cow.
Tom got drowsy after lunch.
Just as Tom and I were about to start playing tennis, it started raining.
I don't keep my room very tidy.
I didn't think Tom would be so motivated to do that.
Tom is interested in learning French.
I don't have time to eat lunch.
I should've advised Tom to keep it secret.
I don't think that Tom is Mary's son.
I don't have much energy today.
Tom has been sleeping in his car.
Is that Tom's dog?
I don't have many weekends off.
Tom got a little flustered.
The teacher confiscated Tom's phone when she caught him texting in class.
I don't have enough experience.
I didn't think Tom would be so reluctant to do that.
Tom is having a party Monday evening.
I don't have any place to live.
I have no idea where Tom wants to do that.
I don't think what Tom said was true.
I don't have a savings account.
Tom has found another girlfriend.
Is Tom busy today?
I don't have a pressure cooker.
Tom goes to school by bike.
Tom and I didn't know that we were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I don't have a high-paying job.
I don't know how Tom and I are going to manage that.
Tom is conscientious, but Mary isn't.
I don't go skin diving anymore.
I have no idea what Tom does for a living.
I don't think that'll happen.
I don't understand why Tom does that.
I don't gamble, drink or smoke.
Tom has had another heart attack.
I'm divorcing Tom.
I don't enjoy horseback riding.
Tom doesn't get much sleep.
Tom got a little worried when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
I don't do that very regularly.
I don't know if Tom will go with us tomorrow or not.
Tom is coming home from Boston today.
I don't do that at all anymore.
I had another argument with Tom yesterday.
I don't understand why Tom got angry.
I don't do anything on Mondays.
Tom has offered to drive us home.
I loved Tom a lot.
I don't consider myself a hero.
Tom doesn't gamble anymore.
Tom got fairly fluent in French after about three years of intense study.
I didn't think I'd be so tired.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want Mary at his party.
Tom is a member of the marching band.
I didn't get paid much do that.
I got tired of waiting for Tom, so I left.
I don't want Tom to sing at my party.
I didn't do all this by myself.
Tom heard Mary shouting for help.
I don't think Tom would do that by himself.
I completed the work by myself.
Tom didn't really know why.
Tom left Mary in the car while he ran into the store to buy a dozen eggs.
I can't tie my shoes by myself.
I don't need to know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom is a faster swimmer than Mary is.
I can't think of a better plan.
I got jealous when I saw Tom hugging Mary.
I don't want to go anywhere with Tom.
I can't sleep without a pillow.
Tom heard a gun click behind him.
Tom saw the fire.
I can't seem to access my data.
Tom didn't change anything.
Tom said that he felt he wasn't doing everything he should've been doing.
I can't remember my PIN number.
I don't think I can convince Tom to stop doing that.
Tom is a better teacher than Mary is.
I can't pay my rent this month.
I got angry when I saw what Tom was doing.
I don't want to go shopping with Tom.
I can't help you do that today.
Tom helped me when I needed help.
Tom loves rowing.
I can't give you an answer yet.
Tom could help you do that.
Tom spent the evening watching a basketball game on TV with his children.
I can't give you an answer now.
I don't think I can do that any better than Tom can.
Tom is a better student than Mary is.
I almost opened the wrong door.
I felt the same way about that as Tom did.
I feel that I owe Tom an explanation.
I almost never leave the house.
Tom invited Mary into his office.
Tom is in the ER.
I almost never do that at home.
Tom could help change that.
I told Tom he shouldn't waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
I almost never do anything new.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning to do that.
Tom helped Mary when she needed help.
I almost died in that accident.
I don't want my children to play with Tom.
I got an email from Tom this morning.
I admit that I've been naughty.
Tom is a fun person to be around.
Tom got very hot.
You'd better be ready by 2:30.
Tom certainly was friendly.
I told Tom he shouldn't waste his time trying to persuade Mary to do that.
You don't look very confident.
I don't want to play any of the songs Tom requested.
Tom heard somebody shouting for help.
You don't look nervous at all.
I don't understand why Tom acted that way.
I got here three hours after Tom did.
You don't look like a teacher.
Tom is always talking about Mary.
Tom got very fat.
You don't have to wait for me.
Tom bought a pair of socks.
Tom didn't seem to be as amused by what was going on as Mary seemed to be.
Why don't you have your hat on?
I got a book down from the shelf and gave it to Tom.
Tom has no idea how I feel about him.
Why do women hate you so much?
I don't think Tom was hesitant to do that.
I got mad at Tom because he was late.
When did you learn to do that?
Tom is ambitious, but Mary isn't.
Tom fell in love.
What did you have for dessert?
Tom bought a pair of pants.
Tom has written a lot of books, but none of them have ever been published.
What am I supposed to do next?
I happened to be in Boston at the same time Tom was.
Tom has known Mary since third grade.
We're not waiting for the bus.
I don't think Tom did what he said he did.
I have a close relationship with Tom.
We need to clean up this mess.
Tom is assertive, but Mary isn't.
Maybe Tom forgot.
We can manage this on our own.
Tom bought a pair of jeans.
Tom is carrying an umbrella because it was raining when he left his house.
We all have to obey the rules.
I have no idea why Tom wanted me to stop doing that.
Tom has experience, but Mary doesn't.
The floor has just been waxed.
I don't think I'll be doing that with Tom.
I have a picture of Tom in my wallet.
Thanks for helping me do this.
Tom is available, but Mary isn't.
I'll make Tom go.
Now is a good time to do that.
Tom became very suspicious.
Tom was still in his pajamas when I went to his house yesterday afternoon.
Nothing bad's going to happen.
I plan to stay until Monday no matter what Tom says.
Tom has been working for three hours.
Luckily, I had a backup plan.
I don't speak French and neither does Tom.
I have a son not much older than Tom.
Let's go on a picnic together.
Tom is back home with his family.
I often call Tom.
Let's get the meeting started.
Tom became very frustrated.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom used to be a professional golfer.
It wasn't snowing when I left.
I should've advised Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
Tom has been doing that all day long.
It wasn't raining when I left.
I don't remember Tom's girlfriend's name.
I have no idea what Tom's parents do.
It was nice of you to do that.
Tom is competent, but Mary isn't.
Go tell Tom that.
I'm too tired to help you now.
Tom became very frightened.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I wasn't able to do what he asked.
I'm too busy to do that today.
I thought Tom would be more enthusiastic about that.
Tom has a doctor's appointment today.
I'm the one who mows the lawn.
I don't remember Tom asking us to do that.
I have no idea when Tom will do that.
I'm the one who mows our lawn.
Tom is conceited, but Mary isn't.
I'm the one who milks the cow.
Tom became very distracted.
Tom got a little concerned when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
I'm the one who got beaten up.
I told Tom he should save a little money each month.
Tom found the necklace Mary had lost.
I'm the one who feeds the dog.
I don't really want to go skiing with Tom.
I haven't talked with Tom about that.
I'm the one who feeds our dog.
Tom is confident, but Mary isn't.
Does Tom love me?
I'm the one who cooked dinner.
Tom ate dinner in the dark.
Tom has written a lot of books, but only three of them have been published.
I'm not sure if I can do that.
I'd like to know how long Tom plans to be in Boston.
Tom finished his shift and went home.
I'm going to fly to Australia.
I don't know why Tom wanted Mary to leave.
I left without saying goodbye to Tom.
I'm going to do that sometime.
Tom is courteous, but Mary isn't.
Does Tom hate me?
I'm going to do that for sure.
Tom asked Mary to hurry up.
Tom was sitting by himself at a table in the corner and was reading a book.
I'm going to camp this summer.
I'll never forget the first time Tom and I did that.
Tom doesn't think it's going to work.
I'm going to become a teacher.
I don't know where Tom goes every evening.
I talked with Tom about that already.
I'm going to be here tomorrow.
Tom is dedicated, but Mary isn't.
Call Tom tonight.
I'm going to be here all year.
Tom and I aren't that poor.
I got out in front of the theater and waited while Tom went to park the car.
I'm going to be here all week.
I'm good at getting Tom to do what I want him to do.
Tom doesn't ride his bicycle anymore.
I'm going to be free tomorrow.
I don't know the reason why Tom is absent.
I thought Tom would be able to drive.
I'm going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is depressed, but Mary isn't.
Call Tom at 2:30.
I'm going to be a father soon.
Tom and I aren't like that.
I had a lot on my mind, so I wasn't really listening to what Tom was saying.
I'm fairly sure I can do that.
I'm overweight, but I'm not as overweight as Tom is.
Tom doesn't know how to ride a horse.
I'm fairly good at doing that.
I don't know the boy who's talking to Tom.
I told Tom I felt like taking a walk.
I'm able to do that on my own.
Tom is dishonest, but Mary isn't.
Tom scared Mary.
I'm able to do that by myself.
Tom and I are kind of busy.
Tom became a little worried when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
I'll start doing that tonight.
I'm the one who helped Tom pull weeds in the garden.
Tom doesn't know how much I love him.
I'll never fall in love again.
I don't have a dog and Tom doesn't either.
I told Tom he should be more careful.
I'll live in Boston next year.
Tom is exhausted, but Mary isn't.
Tom got violent.
I'll go to Boston and Chicago.
Tom and I are here to stay.
I don't know exactly what time Tom got home last night, but it was very late.
I'll do that for you for free.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play the dulcimer.
Tom does everything Mary asks him to.
I'll do that after I get back.
I don't have a car and Tom doesn't either.
I told Tom he should drink more milk.
I'll be working all afternoon.
Tom is forgetful, but Mary isn't.
Tom got smashed.
I'll be very sad if you leave.
Tom always talks about you.
I don't think Tom will be as enthusiastic about doing that as you seem to be.
I'll be tired when I get home.
It would be better if Tom didn't do that by himself.
Tom didn't want Mary to get involved.
I'll be there in half an hour.
I don't ever go swimming with Tom anymore.
I told Tom he should see the dentist.
I'll be here till next Monday.
Tom is going back to Boston soon.
Tom got retired.
I'll be here for several days.
Tom Jackson is our manager.
Tom needs another lawyer. The one he has doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
I'll be happy if that happens.
The town where Tom and I were born isn't very large.
Tom didn't seem to even recognize me.
I'll be arriving an hour late.
I didn't think Tom would get here on time.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy that car.
I won't be at today's meeting.
Tom is going to make some coffee.
Tom got curious.
I won't be able to do that alone.
Those aren't Tom's parents.
Tom picked some flowers from the garden and put them on the dining room table.
I was arrested for doing that.
There's no way Tom and I are going to do that today.
Tom didn't get anything he asked for.
I want this as much as you do.
I didn't think Tom would be so unfriendly.
I tried to do what Tom told me to do.
I want that as much as you do.
Tom is hotheaded, but Mary isn't.
Tom got alarmed.
I think I'm going to be fired.
This used to be Tom's home.
Tom doesn't seem to be as glad that that's going to happen as Mary seems to be.
I still don't have to do that.
This is the hospital where both Tom and I were born.
Tom didn't do what he promised to do.
I spent all day planting corn.
I didn't think Tom would be so suspicious.
I washed and waxed Tom's car for him.
I should be there before 2:30.
Tom is impartial, but Mary isn't.
I should be getting home soon.
That's what made Tom happy.
Tom slept on the porch last night because he'd locked himself out of his house.
I remember reading about that.
Tom almost forgot to put his passport in his pocket.
Tom did everything Mary asked him to.
I often play tennis on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be so supportive.
I wish I knew why Tom didn't do that.
I often go downtown on Monday.
Tom is impatient, but Mary isn't.
How's Tom today?
I often come here on weekends.
That's what made Tom angry.
Tom tried to think of something nice to say, but he couldn't think of anything.
I might get hurt if I do that.
Tom already knows what Mary is planning to tell him.
Tom dated Mary before he dated Alice.
I know you don't like me much.
I didn't think Tom would be so successful.
I wish I lived in a house like Tom's.
I hope you don't get homesick.
Tom is impulsive, but Mary isn't.
Hats off to Tom.
I have plans for Monday night.
Please don't call Tom back.
I don't know anything about Tom, other than the fact that he's Mary's boyfriend.
I have many friends in Boston.
Tom and I are the only ones who know how to do that.
Tom couldn't lift the box by himself.
I have burns all over my body.
I didn't think Tom would be so reasonable.
I wonder if Tom ever works on Monday.
I have an important job to do.
Tom is in Boston, but Mary isn't.
Don't touch Tom.
I have a store on Park Street.
No wonder Tom was confused.
I got tired of waiting for Tom, so I went into the restaurant and ate by myself.
I have a meeting this morning.
Tom and I are the only ones who know how to do this.
Tom called Mary just before midnight.
I have a lot of history books.
I didn't think Tom would be so prejudiced.
I wouldn't want to be Tom's roommate.
I have a lot of acquaintances.
Tom is kind of strange, isn't he?
Bring Tom to me.
I have a list of things to do.
My car is newer than Tom's.
Tom has written a lot of books, but only three of them have ever been published.
I have a degree in psychology.
Tom and I stayed up all night talking to each other.
Tom became very sick and almost died.
I have a black belt in karate.
I didn't think Tom would be so persuasive.
I'll be staying with Tom for a while.
I had my blood pressure taken.
Tom is my second son's third son.
Are those Tom's?
I had good reason to be upset.
Maybe Tom has already left.
Tom missed his wife and children, so he's gone back to Boston to live with them.
I had good reason to be angry.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who failed the test.
Tom asked why Mary needed to do that.
I had breakfast all by myself.
I didn't think Tom would be so particular.
I'll try to stop Tom from doing that.
I had back surgery in October.
Tom is objective, but Mary isn't.
Tom owns a dog.
I had a bad day at the office.
Maybe Tom and I were wrong.
Tom's doctor told him not to eat so much sugar.
I got to the hotel after dark.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who knew about that.
Tom asked me to wake Mary up at 2:30.
I got some shampoo in my eyes.
I didn't think Tom would be so overweight.
I'm the one who gave Tom his bicycle.
I got sick and had to go home.
Tom is observant, but Mary isn't.
Tom loves jazz.
I got punished for doing that.
Luckily, Tom wasn't killed.
Tom didn't want Mary to say anything to John about seeing Alice with another man.
I got married three weeks ago.
Tom and Mary sat in front of the fireplace, talking.
Tom asked me to teach him how to ski.
I got here thirty minutes ago.
I didn't think Tom would be so optimistic.
I'm the one who taught Tom that song.
I got here early this morning.
Tom is obstinate, but Mary isn't.
Tom is all wet.
I got back in my car and left.
Let's go swimming with Tom.
What really surprised me most was that Tom and I were the only ones who got fired.
I got arrested for doing that.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play the ukulele.
Tom asked me to take Mary to the zoo.
I got almost everything wrong.
I didn't think Tom would be so interested.
I've agreed to meet Tom after school.
I got a bicycle for Christmas.
Tom is only interested in sports.
Tom got famous.
I get my secretary to do that.
It wasn't easy to find Tom.
Thanks to your help, Tom and I were able to get that done faster than we'd planned.
I felt I had to say something.
Tom asked if there was anything he could do to help.
Tom asked me to lend Mary some money.
I drank another glass of wine.
I didn't think Tom would be so displeased.
If Tom is tired, he should go to bed.
I don't yet know why I'm here.
Tom is organized, but Mary isn't.
Tom felt brave.
I don't want to work tomorrow.
It looks like Tom is happy.
Tom and Mary lived in a mobile home their first three years after they got married.
I don't want to join the team.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with Mary next weekend.
Tom asked me if I'd mind helping him.
I don't want to go to Harvard.
I didn't think Tom would be so dependable.
It sounds like Tom will go to Boston.
I don't want to go for a walk.
Tom is planning to buy that book.
I'm sorry, Tom.
I don't usually drink so much.
I'm the one who helped Tom.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I wasn't able to do what he asked me to do.
I don't usually do that alone.
Tom didn't have a job the last time I talked to him.
Tom asked Mary if she could help him.
I don't think that we can win.
I didn't think Tom would be so courageous.
It's a wonder that Tom wasn't killed.
I don't think that I did that.
Tom is planning to do that today.
I can beat Tom.
I don't think it's impossible.
I'm not as broke as Tom is.
Tom is always complaining that he doesn't have enough time to do what he wants to do.
I don't think I have a choice.
Tom didn't seem to be as angry as Mary seemed to be.
Tom arrived unexpectedly from Boston.
I don't take a bath every day.
I didn't think Tom would be so aggressive.
It's clear that Tom isn't happy here.
I don't quite see it that way.
Tom is reputable, but Mary isn't.
Give Tom a hug.
I don't quite know what to do.
I'm not as angry as Tom is.
Tom told Mary that he thought it would be dangerous to walk in the park alone at night.
I don't plan on stepping down.
Tom didn't seem to be as bored as Mary seemed to be.
Tom and Mary seemed to be having fun.
I don't often do that at home.
I didn't really understand what Tom meant.
Let's ask Tom if he'd do that for us.
I don't need to do that, do I?
Tom is skeptical, but Mary isn't.
Dance with Tom.
I don't mind getting up early.
I'll tell Tom all about it.
Tom and his wife adopted a girl whose parents had been killed in an automobile accident.
I don't listen to rap anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be as brave as Mary seemed to be.
Tom and Mary got married last summer.
I don't like the way you sing.
I didn't know Tom could understand French.
Let's let Tom finish what he's doing.
I don't like the way you cook.
Tom is staying with me this week.
Can Tom see me?
I don't like the rainy season.
I'll sit wait here for Tom.
Tom is learning French because he eventually wants to live in a French-speaking country.
I don't like tennis very much.
Tom didn't seem to be as crazy as Mary seemed to be.
Tom and Mary eventually got divorced.
I don't like my mother-in-law.
I can't very well turn my back on Tom now.
None of Tom's friends would help him.
I don't like apples very much.
Tom is still doing that, I think.
Tom messed up.
I washed Tom's car for him.
I can't figure out how Tom was able to plan a surprise party without me knowing about it.
I don't know where I was born.
Tom didn't seem to be as drunk as Mary seemed to be.
Tom and I are the ones who need help.
I don't know much about sheep.
I almost never help Tom with his homework.
That's not what Tom and I were doing.
I don't know Boston very well.
Tom is supposed to be helping us.
Tom got quiet.
I don't have to work tomorrow.
I usually do that with Tom.
I pressed my ear to the door to see if I could hear what Tom and Mary were talking about.
I don't have to do that, do I?
Tom didn't seem to be as fussy as Mary seemed to be.
Tom and I are going to buy a new car.
I don't have much of a choice.
I almost kissed Tom, but I decided not to.
That's the reason Tom and I are here.
I don't have expensive tastes.
Tom is talkative, but Mary isn't.
Tom came late.
I don't have any real friends.
I told Tom to take the job.
Tom is a vegetarian, so he didn't eat the beef stew that Mary spent all afternoon cooking.
I don't have any friends here.
Tom didn't seem to be as lucky as Mary seemed to be.
Tom always pays attention to details.
I don't have a microwave oven.
I advised Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
The person Tom is talking to is Mary.
I don't have a lot of friends.
Tom is terrified, but Mary isn't.
Is Tom in bed?
I don't go fishing very often.
I told Tom to take a break.
I think the reason Tom didn't recognize me was because I had a beard the last time he saw me.
I don't enjoy giving speeches.
Tom didn't seem to be as naive as Mary seemed to be.
Tom always helps me when I need help.
I didn't get the job I wanted.
I admit I did what Tom asked me not to do.
These clothes are all Tom's and mine.
I can't very well do that now.
Tom is the right guy for the job.
I do love Tom.
I can't take on any more work.
I told Tom to study French.
Tom is staying at his uncle's, because his parents have gone to Boston for a couple of weeks.
I can't see myself doing that.
Tom didn't seem to be as ready as Mary seemed to be.
Tom always has to have the last word.
I can't go to Boston with you.
How much of this stuff is Tom's and yours?
This computer isn't Tom's. It's mine.
I can't go out with you today.
Tom is uninsured, but Mary isn't.
Give Tom time.
I can't finish this job today.
I told Tom to stay at home.
If Tom had been wearing a bullet-proof vest like the other police officers, he probably wouldn't have died.
I can't do that all by myself.
Tom didn't seem to be as sharp as Mary seemed to be.
Tom advised Mary to accept the offer.
I can't come to work tomorrow.
How disappointed do you think Tom will be?
Tom adapted to the new circumstances.
I can't afford all this stuff.
Tom is unmarried, but Mary isn't.
Does Tom work?
I ate breakfast all by myself.
I told Tom to learn karate.
If Tom had been wearing a bullet-proof vest like the other police officers, he probably wouldn't have been killed.
I almost never work on Monday.
Tom didn't seem to be as tense as Mary seemed to be.
Tom got rich.
I almost never make a mistake.
Here's a picture of Tom wearing a red tie.
Goodbye, Tom.
I almost hit a telephone pole.
Tom is willing to pay up to $300.
Go after Tom.
I almost drowned in the river.
I told Tom to buy that car.
I almost always win arguments.
Tom didn't seem to be as tired as Mary seemed to be.
Tom belched.
I almost always do that alone.
Do you think Tom was telling us the truth?
Bye, Tom.
I admitted I'd made a mistake.
Tom is with his dogs in the park.
Every muscle in my body aches.
I told Tom he shouldn't go.
You'll be sorry you did that.
Tom didn't seem to be as upset as Mary seemed to be.
You'll be happy you did that.
You think Tom is good-looking, don't you?
You'd better watch your back.
Tom isn't as careless as Mary is.
You need to be ready by 2:30.
I tied Tom's shoes for him.
You look like you're unhappy.
Tom didn't seem to be as weird as Mary seemed to be.
You have very good instincts.
You should really ask Tom what he thinks.
You don't seem too concerned.
Tom isn't as competitive as I am.
You don't seem to be nervous.
I think Tom is just sleepy.
You don't look too convinced.
Tom didn't seem to be as young as Mary seemed to be.
You don't help me very often.
You don't seem to be as motivated as Tom.
You didn't eat that, did you?
Tom isn't as hardworking as I am.
Will you go to Boston by bus?
I talked to Tom about that.
Where did you go last Monday?
Tom doesn't practice the piano as much as Mary does.
What did you eat for dessert?
You don't seem to be as ambitious as Tom.
We moved to Boston last fall.
Tom isn't as pessimistic as I am.
This didn't cost me anything.
I parked Tom's car for him.
Tell me what I'm doing wrong.
Tom doesn't seem to be as angry as Mary seems to be.
Tell me if I get in your way.
Which pairs of shoes are Tom's and yours?
Tell me exactly what you did.
Tom isn't as sociable as Mary is.
Take all this to the kitchen.
I mowed Tom's lawn for him.
Now is a bad time to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bored as Mary seems to be.
Mary is the cutest girl here.
We're all convinced that Tom is innocent.
Let's get something to drink.
Tom isn't conceited, but Mary is.
It took about thirty minutes.
I left Tom's house at 2:30.
Is this store open on Monday?
Tom doesn't seem to be as brave as Mary seems to be.
If you need my help, call me.
We can't hide the truth from Tom anymore.
I've been tempted to do that.
Tom isn't confident, but Mary is.
I'm the one who planned this.
I hope Tom tells the truth.
I'm the one who did all this.
Tom doesn't seem to be as crazy as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to quit doing that.
Tom's parents died when Tom was thirteen.
I'm going to miss doing this.
Tom isn't dangerous, but Mary is.
I'm going to miss doing that.
I heard Tom in the kitchen.
I'm going to let you do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as drunk as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to get better soon.
Tom's mother told him to wash the dishes.
I'm going to be leaving soon.
Tom isn't depressed, but Mary is.
I'm going to be home tonight.
I have a huge crush on Tom.
I'm going to be home by 2:30.
Tom doesn't seem to be as fussy as Mary seems to be.
I'm going to be here tonight.
Tom's mother told him to do his homework.
I'm going to be here all day.
Tom isn't desperate, but Mary is.
I'm going to be gone all day.
I have a brother named Tom.
I'm going to be an architect.
Tom doesn't seem to be as lucky as Mary seems to be.
I'm expecting that to happen.
Tom's hands are clean, but Mary's aren't.
I'm expected to do that, too.
Tom isn't exhausted, but Mary is.
I'm beginning to feel hungry.
I had fun talking with Tom.
I'm also expected to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as naive as Mary seems to be.
I'm afraid to try doing that.
Tom's family visited him in the hospital.
I'll play the guitar for you.
Tom isn't impatient, but Mary is.
I'll pick you up around 2:30.
I had fun dancing with Tom.
I'll eat this if you do, too.
Tom doesn't seem to be as needy as Mary seems to be.
I'll be there this afternoon.
Tom wrote Mary's address on the envelope.
I'll be there in three hours.
Tom isn't impulsive, but Mary is.
I'll be there for a few days.
I had a big fight with Tom.
I'll be the person in charge.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ready as Mary seems to be.
I'll be really busy, won't I?
Tom wouldn't do anything we asked him to.
I'll be here only a few days.
Tom isn't in Boston, but Mary is.
I'll be here for three weeks.
I got there before Tom did.
I'll be getting married soon.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sharp as Mary seems to be.
I'd be too scared to do that.
Tom would never forgive me if I did that.
I won't be there before 2:30.
Tom isn't obnoxious, but Mary is.
I wish I had a car like this.
I got in the boat with Tom.
I want to buy a new trombone.
Tom doesn't seem to be as smart as Mary seems to be.
I usually do that on Mondays.
Tom will go to Boston tomorrow, won't he?
I think we should start over.
Tom isn't organized, but Mary is.
I think I now know the truth.
I got Tom to drive me home.
I stayed at home last Monday.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tense as Mary seems to be.
I shaved my head last spring.
Tom went to the park on Monday afternoon.
I'm not all that busy nowadays.
Tom isn't satisfied, but Mary is.
I need to clean up this mess.
I got Tom a glass of water.
I need to buy a new computer.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tired as Mary seems to be.
I haven't gotten my visa yet.
Tom went to night school for three years.
I have plans to go to Boston.
Tom isn't skeptical, but Mary is.
I have nothing to talk about.
I don't want Tom's old job.
I have a son who's in prison.
Tom doesn't seem to be as upset as Mary seems to be.
I have a lot of French books.
Tom went to get some water from the well.
I have a habit of doing that.
Tom isn't stupid. He's just lazy.
I have a diplomatic passport.
I don't think Tom was late.
I have a daughter named Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as weird as Mary seems to be.
I have a calendar on my desk.
Tom went to Boston to study architecture.
I have a Canadian girlfriend.
Tom isn't talkative, but Mary is.
I had good reason to do that.
I don't think Tom was hurt.
I had an operation last week.
Tom doesn't seem to be as young as Mary seems to be.
I had an important job to do.
Tom went swimming every Monday last year.
I had a hard time doing that.
Tom isn't unmarried, but Mary is.
I had a good time doing that.
I don't think Tom was home.
I got up and started dancing.
Tom entertained us by telling us some funny stories.
I got to the station at 2:30.
Tom went from Boston to Chicago by plane.
I got to school just in time.
Tom left Boston in early October.
I got three weeks' detention.
I don't think Tom was here.
I got talked into doing that.
Tom entertained us by telling us some ghost stories.
I got stuck in a traffic jam.
Tom wasn't satisfied with Mary's answers.
I got straight A's in school.
Tom likes chocolate, but I don't.
I got scolded by the teacher.
I don't think Tom was done.
I got out of jail in October.
Tom forgot the name of the person he was talking to.
I got on my bicycle and left.
Tom wasn't as upset as I thought he'd be.
I got everything I asked for.
Tom likes me and I like him, too.
I get good grades in science.
I don't think Tom was busy.
I felt I had to do something.
Tom gets home at about 2:30 every day except Monday.
I don't wear a hat every day.
Tom wasn't allowed to tell Mary anything.
I don't want to work outside.
Tom looked at me like I was nuts.
I don't want to visit Boston.
I don't think Tom is weird.
I don't want to study abroad.
Tom goes home and has lunch with his wife every day.
I don't want to go to prison.
Tom wasn't able to do that, but Mary was.
I don't want to be suspended.
Tom looks like he has a headache.
I don't want to be seen here.
I don't think Tom is tough.
I don't usually do that here.
Tom got scared as soon as he saw the robber's knife.
I don't understand it myself.
Tom washed the apple before he peeled it.
I don't think that I can win.
Tom loved Mary and she loved him.
I don't regret what happened.
I don't think Tom is timid.
I don't plan to study French.
Tom handed me a shovel and told me to start digging.
I don't love my wife anymore.
Tom washed the apple and began eating it.
I don't like you much either.
Tom might cause us some problems.
I don't like lukewarm coffee.
I don't think Tom is sorry.
I don't like living downtown.
Tom has two cats. One's white and the other's black.
I don't like giving speeches.
Tom was unfazed by that, but Mary wasn't.
I don't have much experience.
Tom moved from Boston to Chicago.
I don't have a place to live.
I don't think Tom is lucky.
I don't go to work on Monday.
Tom hasn't been to Boston as many times as Mary has.
I don't go to Boston anymore.
Tom was the one who suggested doing that.
I don't even want it anymore.
Tom needs to change his behavior.
I don't come here that often.
I don't think Tom is bossy.
I can't understand this poem.
Tom is a guy who's not afraid to tell it like it is.
I can't tie my own shoes yet.
Tom was the last one to leave the office.
I can't teach French anymore.
Tom noticed a spot on John's tie.
I can't take credit for that.
I don't think Tom is alive.
I can't speak French, either.
Tom is always complaining about something, isn't he?
I can't play piano very well.
Tom was surprised that Mary quit her job.
I can't go to Boston, either.
Tom promised you that, didn't he?
I can't give this to you yet.
I don't see Tom very often.
I can't give this to you now.
Tom is convinced that Mary won't ever do that again.
I can't get this window open.
Tom was the only one who knew how to do that.
I can't get this bottle open.
Tom remained in his room all day.
I can't do the job by myself.
I don't see Tom that often.
I almost never walk anywhere.
Tom is interested in knowing what's going to happen.
I almost never smile anymore.
Tom was living in Australia at that time.
I almost never laugh anymore.
Tom said he didn't feel anything.
I almost never ask questions.
I don't care, but Tom does.
I almost got hit by the ball.
Tom is just not the kind of person I thought he was.
I almost drowned last summer.
Tom walked to the other side of the room.
I agreed to be there by 2:30.
Tom said he felt a little guilty.
Don't do that while I'm here.
I can't help Tom right now.
Do me a favor and just leave.
Tom is my neighbor, but I don't know him very well.
Can we go hiking next Monday?
Tom usually eats lunch at twelve o'clock.
Can I get you some breakfast?
Tom said he felt a little stupid.
You'll be safe here with us.
I can't get Tom to kiss me.
You'll be safe here with me.
Tom is planning to stay in Boston for several weeks.
You'll be glad you did that.
Tom told me what he'd like for Christmas.
You sound like an old woman.
Tom said he felt like an outcast.
You don't seem very excited.
Have Tom and I missed much?
You don't seem to be hungry.
Tom is too young to understand what's happening.
You don't seem to be afraid.
Tom told me what he wanted for Christmas.
You don't seem much happier.
Tom said he felt very humiliated.
You don't look very relaxed.
Have Tom and I done enough?
You don't look very healthy.
Tom is very proud of what he's been able to achieve.
You don't have to leave yet.
Tom told me to keep what happened secret.
You can't have a cookie now.
Tom said he wanted us to do that.
You can have another cookie.
Does Tom speak French, too?
Why are you holding a knife?
Tom isn't as difficult to get along with as Mary is.
What time will you get home?
Tom told me that Mary would be skeptical.
What time will you get here?
Tom said he was a little nervous.
What else will you be doing?
Does Tom have enough money?
We need a permit to do that.
Tom left for Boston as soon as he got Mary's letter.
We have a mess to deal with.
Tom spent New Year's Eve with his family.
We got lost on our way here.
Tom said he was looking for Mary.
That movie wasn't very good.
Does Tom have any children?
Tell me what you plan to do.
Tom never really got into trouble when he was a kid.
Let's stay here for a while.
Tom spends too much time on his computer.
Is that blood on your shoes?
Tom said he was much happier now.
I, too, have been to Boston.
Can Tom get tickets for us?
I'm too busy to do that now.
Tom plays poker with his friends every Monday night.
I'm really happy to see you.
Tom spends a lot of time on his computer.
I'm not old enough to drink.
Tom said that he's forgiven Mary.
I'm irritated by that noise.
Are those Tom's sunglasses?
I'm going to try to do that.
Tom said I don't have to do that if I don't want to.
I'm going to try doing that.
Tom sometimes visits his father's office.
I'm going to drive you home.
Tom said that was no coincidence.
I'm going to come home soon.
Are these sunglasses Tom's?
I'm going to come back soon.
Tom said Mary didn't look very much like her mother.
I'm going to buy a used car.
Tom sneezes every time he's near flowers.
I'm going to be there today.
Tom saw a rabbit in his backyard.
I'm going to be an engineer.
All Tom wants is the truth.
I'm going to always be here.
Tom said he'd be willing to help us paint the fence.
I'm getting better at chess.
Tom sells vegetables at a roadside stand.
I'm being forced to do that.
Tom says he can't go any further.
I'm beginning to feel tired.
We barely see Tom anymore.
I'm an expert at doing that.
Tom said he's interested in learning how to do that.
I'm already able to do that.
Tom seems to really think that'll happen.
I'm almost ready to do that.
Tom says he can't wait that long.
I'm able to do that as well.
We all saw Tom doing that.
I'll visit Boston next week.
Tom told me that Mary would be desperate to do that.
I'll teach you how to skate.
Tom seems to really be in love with Mary.
I'll start dieting tomorrow.
Tom says that would never happen.
I'll play football tomorrow.
Tom's house wasn't locked.
I'll lend you what you need.
Tom told me that Mary would be motivated to do that.
I'll leave as soon as I can.
Tom seems to be really happy, doesn't he?
I'll get dirty if I do that.
Tom seemed busy, but Mary didn't.
I'll be very busy next week.
Tom's front door was open.
I'll be too busy to do that.
Tom told me that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
I'll be thirteen next month.
Tom seemed to have a good time in Boston.
I'll be thirteen in October.
Tom seemed to be unaware of that.
I'll be staying for a while.
Tom worked until midnight.
I'll be ready to leave soon.
Tom tried to pretend like he was having a good time.
I'll be here this afternoon.
Tom seemed to be really happy, didn't he?
I'll be here for three days.
Tom seems more relaxed than Mary.
I'll be here for a few days.
Tom will change his mind.
I'd get fired if I did that.
Tom understands French a lot better than he lets on.
I won't be home next Monday.
Tom saw something that he shouldn't have.
I wasn't all that surprised.
Tom seems to really like it here.
I was late for school today.
Tom went to get his stuff.
I want to buy that painting.
Tom very often makes mistakes when he speaks French.
I want to buy a rice cooker.
Tom said it didn't look like I was tired.
I sometimes do that at home.
Tom showed Mary where John lived.
I seldom do that on Mondays.
Tom went into the library.
I need to finish this today.
Tom wanted to be here, but he's at home sick in bed.
I need a new pair of gloves.
Tom said Mary didn't look very confident.
I know every inch of Boston.
Tom spilled his drink on himself.
I just felt like doing that.
Tom went inside the house.
I hope you enjoy doing that.
Tom was out there in the woods by himself all night.
I hope to be famous someday.
Tom said Mary didn't look like a teacher.
I haven't broken my promise.
Tom told Mary why he was leaving.
I have some weird neighbors.
Tom went home early today.
I have blisters on my hands.
Tom was present at today's meeting, but Mary wasn't.
I have an old mahogany desk.
Tom said Mary didn't look happy about it.
I have a very stressful job.
Tom used to be a tugboat captain.
I have a son who's a doctor.
Tom wasn't last. Mary was.
I have a son and a daughter.
Tom wasn't present at today's meeting, but Mary was.
I have a son about your age.
Tom quit that job after just three weeks.
I have a pretty good memory.
Tom was annoyed, but Mary wasn't.
I have a lot to think about.
Tom wanted to see monkeys.
I have a lot of friends now.
Tom went duck hunting with his friends last weekend.
I have a grandson in Boston.
Tom pretended that he didn't notice Mary.
I have a degree in forestry.
Tom was baffled, but Mary wasn't.
I have a black belt in judo.
Tom thought you knew Mary.
I have a big test next week.
Tom will have to leave if he doesn't behave himself.
I have a bad hangover today.
Tom picked an apple and handed it to Mary.
I had my hair cut yesterday.
Tom was careful, but Mary wasn't.
I had good reason to be mad.
Tom thought Mary was rich.
I had another glass of wine.
Tom won't be going to Boston with us, but Mary will.
I had an accident in Boston.
Tom noticed something weird was going on.
I had all kinds of problems.
Tom was curious, but Mary wasn't.
I had a nice time in Boston.
Tom stole Mary's umbrella.
I had a bad cold last month.
Tom won't likely do that unless Mary asks him to.
I got thrown out of the bar.
Tom needs to change the way he does that.
I got the last piece of pie.
Tom was excited, but Mary wasn't.
I got the children to laugh.
Tom stole Mary's passport.
I got the chance to do that.
What are Tom and I expected to do when we get there?
I got stopped by the police.
Tom must've left his umbrella on the bus.
I got rid of my old bicycle.
Tom was excused, but Mary wasn't.
I got paid a lot to do that.
Tom stayed inside all day.
I got out of jail on Monday.
When Tom was a child, he went to Boston three times.
I got married to a Canadian.
Tom moved the chair closer to the window.
I got hurt when I fell down.
Tom was frantic, but Mary wasn't.
I got home just before 2:30.
I got here just before 2:30.
Whenever Tom comes to Boston, he stays at our house.
I got back on my motorcycle.
Tom looks like he really needs a holiday.
I got back home before 2:30.
Tom was furious, but Mary wasn't.
I got a ticket for speeding.
Tom should stay with Mary.
I got a new pair of glasses.
Would you like to see a picture of Tom hang gliding?
I felt obligated to do that.
Tom lit the candle that was on the table.
I felt a tap on my shoulder.
Tom was glad that Mary came over.
I felt a little intimidated.
Tom should listen to Mary.
I feel obligated to do that.
You don't seem convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
I feel a little intimidated.
Tom likes reading science fiction novels.
I don't yet know what to do.
Tom was grouchy, but Mary wasn't.
I don't want to sell my car.
I don't want to say goodbye.
You don't seem to be as careless as Tom seems to be.
I don't want to go home yet.
Tom jumped at the chance to go to Boston.
I don't want to go by train.
Tom was helpful, but Mary wasn't.
I don't want to change that.
Tom seemed very concerned.
I don't want to be like you.
You don't seem to be as confused as Tom seems to be.
I don't want to be a doctor.
Tom isn't used to doing that in the dark.
I don't usually wear makeup.
Tom was nervous, but Mary wasn't.
I don't think you'd do that.
Tom seemed really worried.
I don't think it's possible.
You don't seem to be as creative as Tom seems to be.
I don't really like oysters.
Tom isn't likely to be in his office now.
I don't really get out much.
Tom was patient, but Mary wasn't.
I don't play guitar anymore.
Tom said that worried him.
I don't often get depressed.
You don't seem to be as gullible as Tom seems to be.
I don't often do that alone.
Tom isn't as hesitant to do that as I am.
I don't live near my office.
Tom was pleased, but Mary wasn't.
I don't live here in Boston.
Tom said he wasn't lonely.
I don't know who stabbed me.
You don't seem to be as homesick as Tom seems to be.
I don't have much free time.
Tom is the youngest student in our class.
I don't enjoy watching golf.
Tom was present, but Mary wasn't.
I don't come here that much.
Tom said he was all alone.
You don't seem to be as stubborn as Tom seems to be.
Tom is studying to be a graphic designer.
I didn't hear any screaming.
Tom was puzzled, but Mary wasn't.
I didn't agree to come back.
Tom said he needed a rest.
I can't take care of myself.
You don't seem to be as talented as Tom seems to be.
I can't stop looking at you.
Tom is still very much in love with Mary.
I can't stay here by myself.
Tom was serious, but Mary wasn't.
I can't really do much else.
Tom said he felt terrific.
I can't handle this anymore.
You don't seem to be doing what Tom asked you to do.
I can't grow a mustache yet.
Tom is still unconvinced, but Mary isn't.
I can't get rid of my cough.
Tom was shocked, but Mary wasn't.
I can't get my car to start.
Tom said he felt terrible.
I can't eat food this spicy.
You know Tom is very unlikely to do that, don't you?
I can't comment on that now.
Tom is returning from Australia tomorrow.
I can't be so easily fooled.
Tom was stunned, but Mary wasn't.
I almost never win at chess.
Tom said he felt repulsed.
I almost never use my phone.
Before I could say anything, Tom walked out the door.
I almost never go to Boston.
Tom is out there in the woods by himself.
I almost never do that here.
Tom was thirsty, but Mary wasn't.
I almost became a paramedic.
Tom said he felt relieved.
I admitted I didn't do that.
Could you please ask Tom if he's planning to help us?
I admit that I've done that.
Tom is the only one here planning to do that.
Either I'm right or you are.
Tom was trapped, but Mary wasn't.
You don't seem to be happy.
Tom said he felt rejected.
You don't seem to be drunk.
Do you really think Tom is the person we should hire?
You don't look tired to me.
Tom is one of the best guitarists I know.
You don't look that strong.
Tom was unlucky, but Mary wasn't.
You don't look happy to me.
Tom said he felt left out.
These flowers are for Mary.
Don't you think that Tom is too old to be doing that?
That guy is looking at you.
Tom is one of the best carpenters I know.
Please don't be late again.
Tom was worried, but Mary wasn't.
Let me help you to do that.
Tom said he felt homesick.
I'm the one who left early.
I advised Tom not to borrow too much money from Mary.
I'm the one who called 911.
Tom is in the garage, working on his car.
I'm not having a good time.
Tom was wrong and Mary was right.
I'm not going to die, am I?
Tom said he felt excluded.
I'm going to try to escape.
I advised Tom not to leave his windows open at night.
I'm going to figure it out.
Tom is going back to Australia next week.
I'm going to do that today.
Tom washed himself in the stream.
I'm going to do that later.
Tom said he felt confused.
I'm going to do that alone.
I advised Tom to take the money he was being offered.
I'm going to call the cops.
Tom is alone in his room, reading a book.
I'm going to be late again.
Tom wasn't as surprised as I was.
I'm busy and can't do that.
Tom said he felt betrayed.
I'm at the top of my class.
I can't remember the last time I ate dinner with Tom.
I'm about ready to do that.
Tom is worried about what might happen.
I'll help as much as I can.
Tom wasn't careful, but Mary was.
I'll get up early tomorrow.
Tom recognized Mary's dog.
I'll call you this evening.
I didn't think Tom would be so determined to do that.
I'll be thirteen next year.
Tom is a painter, but he's not very good.
I'll be there this evening.
Tom wasn't curious, but Mary was.
I'll be lonely without you.
Tom packed a bag and left.
I'll be here all day today.
I don't know exactly what time Tom is going to leave.
I'll be busy tomorrow, too.
Tom is a better bass player than Mary is.
I'll be back in a few days.
Tom wasn't excited, but Mary was.
I'll be at today's meeting.
Tom noticed something odd.
I won't sign this contract.
I don't know how much time it'll take Tom to do that.
I think I've been betrayed.
Tom has trouble controlling his emotions.
I still don't know to swim.
Tom wasn't furious, but Mary was.
I should take one of these.
Tom never works on Monday.
I seldom do that by myself.
I don't know when Tom and I are supposed to be there.
I quickly ran out of money.
Tom has locked himself out of his office.
I often do that on Mondays.
Tom wasn't grouchy, but Mary was.
I often buy clothes online.
Tom never drinks red wine.
I often attend conferences.
I don't like living in Boston and Tom doesn't either.
I never was a good student.
Tom has found another girlfriend already.
I hope I don't get nervous.
Tom wasn't helpful, but Mary was.
I have blisters on my feet.
Tom never cooks on Monday.
I have a steady girlfriend.
I don't need to know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
I have a sister named Mary.
Tom has everything a man could ever want.
I have a safe in my office.
Tom wasn't nervous, but Mary was.
I have a right to be upset.
Tom needs to take it easy.
I have a right to be angry.
I don't really have to go with Tom, but I'm going to.
I have a possible solution.
Tom has done that at least once, I think.
I have a migraine headache.
Tom wasn't patient, but Mary was.
I have a mess to deal with.
Tom loves being in Boston.
I have many friends here.
I don't think Tom can do what you've asked him to do.
I have a lot of will power.
Tom has decided to ask Mary to marry him.
I have a lot of good ideas.
Tom wasn't pleased, but Mary was.
I have a lot of experience.
Tom liked it in Australia.
I have a lot of bad habits.
I don't think Tom will be sleeping when we get there.
I have a family to support.
Tom has been here in Boston all his life.
I have a degree in biology.
Tom wasn't present, but Mary was.
I have a couple of tattoos.
Tom knows he can trust us.
I have a chance of winning.
I may be stubborn, but I'm not as stubborn as Tom is.
I have a Canadian passport.
Tom has been here at least once, I think.
I had my secretary do that.
Tom wasn't serious, but Mary was.
I had good reason to worry.
Tom knows he can trust me.
I had a duplicate key made.
I stopped what I was doing and turned to look at Tom.
I got up and left the room.
Tom has been hanging out with Mary a lot.
I got to my office on time.
Tom wasn't shocked, but Mary was.
I got stung by a jellyfish.
Tom knew that it was over.
I got more than I expected.
I thought Tom would be able to swim better than that.
I got home at exactly 2:30.
Tom has always been a bit of an idealist.
I got here just after 2:30.
Tom wasn't thirsty, but Mary was.
I got fired for doing that.
Tom knew he had hurt Mary.
I got fined for doing that.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe everything Mary says.
I got expelled from school.
Tom had to leave Mary at home by herself.
I got a lot more than that.
Tom wasn't trapped, but Mary was.
I got a loan from the bank.
Tom kissed Mary goodnight.
I got a job as a carpenter.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy anything from that store.
I felt utterly overwhelmed.
Tom feels really bad about what happened.
I felt the rain on my face.
Tom wasn't worried, but Mary was.
I felt completely helpless.
Tom isn't up, but Mary is.
I don't yet know the truth.
I told Tom he shouldn't go out after dark by himself.
I don't want to wear jeans.
Tom doesn't want Mary to swim by herself.
I don't want to go, either.
Tom went to Boston for a funeral.
I don't want to go hunting.
Tom isn't really sleeping.
I don't use a cane anymore.
I warned Tom not to pitch his tent so near the river.
I don't teach here anymore.
Tom doesn't want Mary to stay any longer.
I don't often swim anymore.
Tom will do that, but Mary won't.
I don't often drink coffee.
Tom isn't really a doctor.
I don't like to eat onions.
I went to the supermarket to buy some things for Tom.
I don't like that too much.
Tom doesn't want Mary to leave the house.
I don't like my stepmother.
Tom will have to help me do that.
I don't like being outside.
Tom isn't in, but Mary is.
I don't know the truth yet.
I'd already bought my ticket by the time Tom arrived.
I don't have a rice cooker.
Tom doesn't want Mary to call the police.
I don't go fishing anymore.
Tom worked here for three months.
I don't fit in here at all.
Tom isn't from a big city.
I don't ever walk anywhere.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to play the saxophone.
I don't eat rice every day.
Tom doesn't understand what we're saying.
I don't drink beer at home.
Tom's car must've cost him a lot.
I don't care how you dress.
Tom isn't as ugly as Mary.
I didn't say anything else.
I haven't been to Boston as many times as Tom has.
I didn't get enough to eat.
Tom doesn't seem to be as stupid as Mary.
I can't survive here alone.
Tom's son has run away from home.
I can't meet you on Monday.
Tom isn't as thin as I am.
I can't get this door open.
If I'd known Tom's phone number, I'd have called him.
Tom doesn't seem to be as strong as Mary.
I can't decide where to go.
We need to discuss that with Tom.
I can't decide what to buy.
Tom isn't as slow as I am.
I can't come to work today.
It looked like Tom wanted to say more, but he didn't.
I almost spilled my coffee.
Tom doesn't seem to be as direct as Mary.
I almost never get nervous.
What happened changed Tom's life.
I almost never eat dessert.
Tom isn't as sick as I am.
I almost never eat chicken.
Let's go over to Tom's house and see what he's doing.
I almost always wear a hat.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bright as Mary.
I almost agreed to do that.
Why do you think Tom is so angry?
Don't go there by yourself.
Tom isn't as rich as I am.
You sound like an old man.
Let's go over to Tom's place and see what he's doing.
You need to get here soon.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and I are here.
You have to buy this, too.
You don't want Tom to go, do you?
You don't seem to be busy.
Tom isn't as poor as I am.
You don't seem interested.
That must've happened while Tom and I were in Boston.
Would you help me do this?
Tom doesn't know how to start a campfire.
Please turn the radio off.
You think Tom is cute, don't you?
Let's play a different game.
Tom isn't as neat as I am.
Let me carry that for you.
The last time I saw Tom, he was headed for the beach.
Is the zoo open on Monday?
Tom doesn't have very many close friends.
I'm very happy I did that.
Ask Tom if he's going out tonight.
I'm the one who does that.
Tom isn't as busy as I am.
I'm not carrying a weapon.
The person Tom and I were waiting for didn't turn up.
I'm going to get divorced.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive home drunk.
I'm going to do that, too.
Could you please help Tom do that?
I'm going to do that soon.
Tom isn't as bald as I am.
I'm going to deal with it.
The policeman handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
I'm going to come get you.
Tom didn't seem to be as relaxed as Mary.
I'm going to come by taxi.
Didn't Tom ask you not to do that?
I'm going to be just fine.
Tom isn't OK, but Mary is.
I'm going to be in charge.
This is a picture of Tom and I when we were students.
I'm going to be home soon.
Tom didn't seem interested in doing that.
I'm going to be done soon.
Do Tom and I have to do that, too?
I'm going to be back soon.
Tom is young and handsome.
I'm being made to do that.
This is a picture of the ship that Tom and I were on.
I'm also going to do that.
Tom didn't go to John and Mary's wedding.
I'll study French tonight.
Do Tom and I have to study French?
I'll see you this evening.
Tom is working three jobs.
I'll play soccer tomorrow.
Tom agreed to meet me in front of the school at 2:30.
I'll help you after lunch.
Tom came to Boston about three years ago.
I'll got get you a doctor.
Do you really think Tom is hungry?
I'll go, even if it rains.
Tom is waiting at the bar.
I'll be there soon enough.
Tom already has enough money to buy a new motorcycle.
I'll be the one in charge.
Tom babysat Mary's children Monday night.
I'll be out all afternoon.
I advised Tom to accept the offer.
I'll be here this evening.
Tom is very knowledgeable.
I'll be back this evening.
Tom always drinks his coffee black and without sugar.
I'll be back around 2:30.
Tom ate something that he shouldn't have.
I wish you'd quit whining.
I advised Tom to consult a lawyer.
I wasn't able to fix that.
Tom is up, but Mary isn't.
I usually do that at home.
Tom always eats breakfast, but Mary hardly ever does.
I think that's a bad idea.
Tom asked why he was required to do that.
I sometimes do that alone.
I advised Tom to go to the police.
I plan to keep my promise.
Tom is thirteen years old.
I often do that by myself.
Tom and I are the only ones who are going to do that.
I never said such a thing.
Tom asked me to tell Mary why I did that.
I have some more bad news.
I advised Tom to keep his promise.
I have another suggestion.
Tom is the same as he was.
I have a teenage daughter.
Tom and I are the only ones who didn't pass the test.
I have a sister in Boston.
Tom asked me to meet Mary at the station.
I have a niece named Mary.
I advised Tom to lose some weight.
I have a meeting to go to.
Tom is the boss right now.
I have a lot of money now.
Tom and I are the only ones who know how to fix this.
I have a lot of free time.
Tom asked me to meet Mary at the airport.
I have a key to this room.
I advised Tom to talk to a lawyer.
I have a gold credit card.
Tom is s friend of Mary's.
I have a driver's license.
Tom and I both know Mary wasn't the one who did that.
I have a bruise on my arm.
Tom asked Mary if he could go home early.
I have a big day tomorrow.
I agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
I had my appendix removed.
Tom is proud of his children.
I had hip surgery in 2013.
Tom and I didn't do what we've been accused of doing.
I had breakfast by myself.
Tom apologized to Mary for being so late.
I had an exceptional year.
I agreed to meet Tom after school.
I had a hot dog for lunch.
Tom is overly competitive.
I had a good time camping.
Tom and I weren't the ones who ate all the ice cream.
I had a chance to do that.
Tom and his brothers are extremely close.
I got up at 6:30 as usual.
I can't believe Tom's over thirty.
I got up and began pacing.
Tom is on a business trip.
I got kicked off the team.
Tom and Mary have finally moved into their new house.
I got home after midnight.
Tom and his brother were extremely close.
I got home about midnight.
I can't believe how stupid Tom is.
I got everything I needed.
Tom is obviously offended.
I got a haircut yesterday.
Tom and Mary talked about what they were going to do.
I got a chance to do that.
Tom and Mary built the doghouse together.
I felt utterly humiliated.
I can't blame Tom for being angry.
I felt my way in the dark.
Tom is in, but Mary isn't.
I felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom arrived in Australia three months after Mary did.
I felt compelled to speak.
Tom and I've been friends for many years.
I feel like getting drunk.
I can't pronounce Tom's last name.
I feel it's my duty to go.
Tom is here in Boston now.
I don't want your old job.
Tom asked if Mary and I wanted to go skiing with him.
I don't want to move here.
Tom and I should be the ones who do that.
I don't want to go abroad.
I can't stand Tom and he knows it.
I don't want to get a dog.
Tom is going back to jail.
I don't want to eat pizza.
Tom chopped down the tree that was behind the garage.
I don't want to argue with you.
Tom and I haven't yet decided what to do.
I don't want a girlfriend.
I can't tell what Tom is thinking.
I don't think you can win.
Tom is crazy about tennis.
I don't speak much French.
Tom didn't seem to be as active as Mary seemed to be.
I don't play golf anymore.
Tom and I have no idea what we should do.
I don't plan to step down.
I didn't agree to let Tom do that.
I don't particularly mind.
Tom is a terrible fighter.
I don't often wear makeup.
Tom didn't seem to be as afraid as Mary seemed to be.
I don't need to leave yet.
Tom and I had a lot of catching up to do.
I don't intend to give up.
I didn't pay any attention to Tom.
I don't have to leave yet.
Tom is a personal trainer.
I don't have a TV at home.
Tom didn't seem to be as greedy as Mary seemed to be.
I don't go to school here.
Tom and I aren't planning to go together.
I don't eat between meals.
I didn't think Tom was doing that.
I don't do that very much.
Tom is a new student here.
I don't believe I can win.
Tom didn't seem to be as hungry as Mary seemed to be.
I deserve a second chance.
Tom and I aren't good at speaking French.
I couldn't have done that.
I didn't think Tom would be awake.
I can't refuse to do that.
Tom is a master craftsman.
I can't live here anymore.
Tom didn't seem to be as scared as Mary seemed to be.
I can't let you leave yet.
Tom and I aren't going to sing that song.
I can't handle this alone.
I didn't think Tom would be wrong.
I can't go with you today.
Tom is a limousine driver.
I can't find a decent job.
Tom didn't seem to be as sleepy as Mary seemed to be.
I can't do without my car.
Tom and I are the only ones who survived.
I bought a new motorcycle.
I didn't want Tom to get involved.
I ate breakfast by myself.
Tom is OK, but Mary isn't.
I almost got away with it.
Tom didn't seem to be as stupid as Mary seemed to be.
I admit I was overwhelmed.
Tom and I are much stronger than you are.
How disappointed were you?
I discussed that with Tom already.
Are you busy Monday night?
Tom is Canadian, isn't he?
Are these magazines yours?
Tom died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital.
You don't seem surprised.
Tom always managed to get what he wanted.
You don't look old to me.
I don't drink as much as Tom does.
You don't look impressed.
Tom hopes to visit Boston.
You don't look convinced.
Tom doesn't practice the piano as much as he used to.
Will you help me do this?
Tom always does what he feels like doing.
What do you do on Monday?
I don't have many pictures of Tom.
We talk about everything.
Tom hid in the stock room.
We had fun playing cards.
Tom doesn't seem to be as active as Mary seems to be.
There's still work to do.
Tom always does that when he's in Boston.
That's the way I want it.
I don't know why Tom got so angry.
Let's stay until the end.
Tom helped Mary find John.
I've agreed to come back.
Tom doesn't seem to be as afraid as Mary seems to be.
I'm the one who did this.
The police officers put the cuffs on Tom.
I'm going to college now.
I don't like Tom's sense of humor.
I'm going to change that.
Tom has to tell the truth.
I'm going to beat you up.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bright as Mary seems to be.
I'm able to do that, too.
The cake that Tom made didn't taste good.
I'll try again next week.
I don't mind helping Tom a little.
I'll stay here till 2:30.
Tom has had a bad morning.
I'll stay here all month.
Tom doesn't seem to be as forgetful as he used to be.
I'll see you next Monday.
Some people say that Tom and I are weird.
I'll do that later today.
I don't study as much as Tom does.
I'll do that after lunch.
Tom has changed his plans.
I'll buy the cheaper one.
Tom doesn't seem to be as greedy as Mary seems to be.
I'll be thirty next year.
Please ask Tom if he's going out tonight.
I'll be on duty tomorrow.
I don't think I'd let Tom do that.
I'll be home by midnight.
Tom has been lying to you.
I'll be here three weeks.
Tom doesn't seem to be as scared as Mary seems to be.
I'll be here all evening.
Next year, Tom and I are going to Boston.
I'll be back later today.
I don't think Tom is conservative.
I'd be scared to do that.
Tom has been eating a lot.
I won't buy that for you.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sleepy as Mary seems to be.
I won't be able to fix that.
Next week, Tom and I are going to Boston.
I was the first one here.
I don't think Tom is disorganized.
I usually get up at 6:30.
Tom has altered his plans.
I sometimes do that here.
Tom doesn't seem to be as stupid as Mary seems to be.
I seldom do that at home.
It would be better if Tom didn't do that.
I hope I didn't bore you.
I don't think Tom was embarrassed.
I have to work on Monday.
Tom grew up on this ranch.
I have to study tomorrow.
Tom encouraged Mary to write a letter to her parents.
I have a younger brother.
If Tom and I are late, don't wait for us.
I have a terrible memory.
I don't think Tom was sympathetic.
I have a store in Boston.
Tom got very good at singing.
I have a similar problem.
Tom folded the blankets and put them into the closet.
I have a rock collection.
I've forgotten how to get to Tom's place.
I have a lot on my plate.
I don't think Tom will be present.
I have a lot of property.
Tom got run over by a car.
I have a fairly good job.
Tom has already taken Mary's suitcase out to the car.
I have a criminal record.
I'm the one who told Tom where you lived.
I have a cramp in my leg.
I don't think Tom will likely cry.
I had no time to do that.
Tom got pretty good at it.
I got shampoo in my eyes.
Tom has his ex-girlfriend's name tattooed on his arm.
I got promoted last week.
I'm the one who told Tom to stay at home.
I got out of the taxicab.
I don't want to see Tom right now.
I got out of the bathtub.
Tom got out of the shower.
I got married very young.
Tom has lied to me in the past, so I don't trust him.
I got married last month.
I'm the one who helped Tom the other day.
I got it wrong, didn't I?
I don't yet know what Tom will do.
I got here at about 2:30.
Tom got lost in the crowd.
I got attacked by a bear.
Tom is enthusiastic about doing that, but Mary isn't.
I got a standing ovation.
I'm not as hesitant to do that as Tom is.
I forgot to lock my bike.
I got into trouble because of Tom.
I felt obligated to help.
Tom got extremely jealous.
I felt a little left out.
Tom is old enough to get a senior citizen's discount.
I feel obligated to help.
I'm going to discuss that with Tom later.
I don't want to sit down.
I guess Tom and I are getting old.
I don't want to be found.
Tom drives a Japanese car.
I don't want to be first.
Tom may look smart, but he's actually not very smart.
I don't want to be fired.
I'm going to ask Tom to do that for Mary.
I don't think you'll win.
I had a date with Tom last Monday.
I don't think we can win.
Tom doesn't usually snore.
I don't think it'll snow.
Tom said I didn't look like I was having a good time.
I don't think I did that.
I'll try to do that before Tom gets here.
I don't smoke cigarettes.
I have no idea where Tom did that.
I don't see it like that.
Tom didn't steal anything.
I don't plan to be there.
Tom said I don't need to do anything I don't want to.
I don't often drink beer.
I'll tell Tom what to say at the meeting.
I don't need to go there.
I haven't discussed that with Tom.
I don't need to be there.
Tom didn't show up at all.
I don't mind getting wet.
Tom said Mary didn't look like either of her parents.
I don't live near I work.
I'll tell Tom what he should say to Mary.
I don't like to be early.
I haven't seen Tom do that before.
I don't like tennis much.
Tom didn't drink anything.
I don't like sports much.
Tom said it didn't look like Mary was having any fun.
I don't know who shot me.
I'll give this book back to Tom tomorrow.
I don't know much either.
I hope Tom doesn't try to kiss me.
I don't have what I need.
Tom couldn't pay his rent.
I don't have the tickets.
Tom said it looked like Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
I don't do that that way.
I'll be surprised if Tom doesn't do that.
I don't believe I'll win.
I like Tom's straight-forwardness.
I deserve another chance.
Tom couldn't contact Mary.
I can't wait to graduate.
Tom said that was the first time he tried to do that.
I can't tie my shoelaces.
I wish I could get Tom to do that for me.
I can't tie my own shoes.
I saw Tom standing in the doorway.
I can't stand loud music.
Tom can't go to the dance.
I can't speak any French.
Tom says I don't need to go there if I don't want to.
I can't seem to ever win.
I told Tom to leave early in the morning.
I can't buy that for you.
I should've told Tom not to smoke.
I can't believe our luck.
Tom began to yell at Mary.
I almost never eat fruit.
Tom stared out of the window, watching the snow fall.
I almost lost my balance.
I told Tom that I understood how he felt.
I almost forgot my money.
I think Tom is still under thirty.
I almost died that night.
Tom became very talkative.
I almost died last night.
Tom stopped what he was doing and answered his phone.
I admit I didn't do that.
I told Tom not to stay out late at night.
Does this look OK to you?
I think we should let Tom do that.
Did your interview go OK?
Tom became very skeptical.
Boston is worth visiting.
Tom taught French in Boston before moving to Chicago.
You'll feel better soon.
I told Tom not to go to Boston with Mary.
You don't seem to agree.
I told Tom he should buy that car.
You don't look too sure.
Tom became very irritated.
You don't look thrilled.
Tom told me that Mary would be determined to do that.
That noise irritates me.
I told Tom not to believe what Mary said.
My wife is an alcoholic.
I told Tom he should learn karate.
Let's go out for dinner.
Tom became very impatient.
Let me fix that for you.
Tom told me that he didn't remember Mary's last name.
I'm going to get better.
I told Tom he should go there by bicycle.
I'm going to come later.
I told Tom he should stay at home.
I'm going to come early.
Tom became very disgusted.
I'm expected to do that.
Tom told me that he just needed a shoulder to cry on.
I'm able to do that now.
I told Tom he should eat more vegetables.
I'll take both of these.
I told Tom he should take a break.
I'll stay until the end.
Tom became very desperate.
I'll help you all I can.
Tom walked out of the store, carrying three packages.
I'll graduate next year.
I thought Tom was going to help us today.
I'll give you this book.
I told Tom he should take the job.
I'll be working tonight.
Tom became very depressed.
I'll be there very soon.
Tom was amused by what was going on, but Mary wasn't.
I'll be here until noon.
I think Tom should've been more discreet.
I'll be back home soon.
I told Tom to eat more vegetables.
I'd prefer to go by car.
Tom became very concerned.
I won't try to stop you.
Tom was difficult to get along with, but Mary wasn't.
I won't allow you to go.
I should've agreed to ask Tom to do that.
I was sick last weekend.
I told Tom to go there by bicycle.
I usually do that alone.
Tom asked me to find Mary.
I tend to forget things.
Tom was finished doing that by 2:30, but Mary wasn't.
I often do that at home.
I should've agreed to accept Tom's offer.
I never do that at home.
I urged Tom to apply for that job.
I have two teenage sons.
Tom asked if I liked math.
I have an upset stomach.
Tom was sitting at a table near the window with Mary.
I have a younger sister.
I reached out and touched Tom's shoulder.
I have a scar on my arm.
I used to get along well with Tom.
I have a plane to catch.
Tom asked if I liked Mary.
I have a nice apartment.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he promised he'd do.
I have a lot on my mind.
I hope Tom doesn't tell Mary what we did.
I have a lot of enemies.
I wish I could get Tom to do that.
I have a lot of clothes.
Tom and Mary are retirees.
I have a gym membership.
Tom wasn't able to make himself understood in French.
I have a gun collection.
I have no idea why Tom wished to do that.
I have a grown daughter.
I wish I had more pictures of Tom.
I have a date on Monday.
Tom and I seldom disagree.
I have a cut on my foot.
Tom wasn't amused by what was going on, but Mary was.
I have a bit of a fever.
I have no idea when Tom wants to do that.
I had my hearing tested.
I wonder if Tom is waiting for me.
I had another operation.
Tom and I aren't sleeping.
I had a lot of problems.
Tom wasn't difficult to get along with, but Mary was.
I had a bad day at work.
I have no idea when Tom needs to do that.
I got sick last weekend.
I wonder what Tom is thinking now.
I got promoted recently.
Tom and I aren't prepared.
I got my teeth whitened.
Tom wasn't finished doing that by 2:30, but Mary was.
I got my hearing tested.
I have no idea what Tom's dog looks like.
I got married last week.
I wonder why Tom is so aggressive.
I got here before Tom did.
Tom and I aren't done yet.
I got fired from my job.
Tom's lights were out, so I didn't knock on his door.
I got back into the car.
I have a watch just like the one Tom has.
I got a speeding ticket.
I wonder why Tom is so busy today.
I felt quite threatened.
Tom and I aren't dead yet.
I felt alone in the bar.
We showed Tom some of the pictures we took in Boston.
I felt a little nervous.
I have a feeling that Tom might be there.
I feel much happier now.
I'll be very mad if Tom does that.
I feel a little nervous.
Tom and I aren't children.
I don't wish to do that.
When Tom was in the hospital, he read a lot of books.
I don't think we'll win.
I had no idea what Tom was talking about.
I don't sing very often.
I'll be with Tom all day tomorrow.
I don't plan to give up.
Tom and I are really busy.
I don't love my husband.
Why are Tom and I always the ones who have to suffer?
I don't like smoky bars.
I had no idea that Tom wanted to do that.
I don't like salty food.
I'll sit wait until Tom gets here.
I don't like my new job.
Tom always asks about you.
I don't like being here.
You don't seem to be as ambitious as Tom seems to be.
I don't know how to ski.
I had a crush on Tom when I was thirteen.
I don't have a visa yet.
I'll tell Tom about what happened.
I don't have a basement.
Tom almost never helps us.
I don't get this at all.
You don't seem to be as assertive as Tom seems to be.
I don't carry much cash.
I got mad at Tom for not listening to me.
I can't stand punk rock.
I'll tell Tom to do that for Mary.
I can't really help you.
Tom almost killed himself.
I can't make it tonight.
You don't seem to be as committed as Tom seems to be.
I can't find a good job.
I got back in the car and waited for Tom.
I can't believe my luck.
I'll tell Tom what has to be done.
I almost never eat pork.
These cookies are for Tom.
I almost never eat meat.
You don't seem to be as concerned as Tom seems to be.
I almost never eat fish.
I got Tom to do what we wanted him to do.
I almost never eat beef.
I'll tell Tom what he needs to do.
I almost never did that.
These books are all Tom's.
I almost froze to death.
You don't seem to be as confident as Tom seems to be.
I admit I sometimes cry.
I don't yet know what Tom is going to do.
I admit I often do that.
I'll try to keep Tom from leaving.
Do you have Mondays off?
That isn't what Tom wants.
Are they open on Monday?
You don't seem to be as depressed as Tom seems to be.
All I want is the truth.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with us.
You'll be missed a lot.
I'll try to stop Tom from leaving.
You don't seem to care.
Tell me why Tom is crying.
You don't look pleased.
You don't seem to be as desperate as Tom seems to be.
You don't look nervous.
I don't understand why Tom acts that way.
What's in that package?
I'm better at doing that than Tom.
Please help me do this.
Maybe Tom and I are wrong.
Let me give you a ride.
You don't seem to be as exhausted as Tom seems to be.
Let me get you a towel.
I don't think what Tom said was accurate.
It's time to start now.
I'm going to allow Tom to do that.
It was hard to do that.
Let's let Tom handle that.
It was easy to do that.
You don't seem to be as impatient as Tom seems to be.
I've just eaten dinner.
I don't think Tom will be home on Monday.
I've agreed to do that.
I'm going to come back to get Tom.
I'm so glad I did that.
Let's go fishing with Tom.
I'm happy you did that.
You don't seem to be as impressed as Tom seems to be.
I'm good at doing that.
I don't think Tom will be busy next week.
I'm going to be a cook.
I'm happy as long as Tom is happy.
I'm going to bat third.
Isn't that Tom's umbrella?
I'm doing that already.
You don't seem to be as irritated as Tom seems to be.
I'm anxious to do that.
I don't think Tom was through doing that.
I'm already doing that.
I'm the one who does that for Tom.
I'm allowed to do that.
Isn't that Tom's daughter?
I'm a little bit scared.
You don't seem to be as miserable as Tom seems to be.
I'll wash my car today.
I don't think Tom was tempted to do that.
I'll leave when you do.
I'm tired of hanging out with Tom.
I'll be here till 2:30.
I've agreed to let Tom go.
I'll be here on Monday.
You don't seem to be as motivated as Tom seems to be.
I'll be here next week.
I don't think Tom needs to do that today.
I've agreed to accept Tom's offer.
I wish I could go, too.
I'm not as fast as Tom is.
I was bored, so I left.
You don't seem to be as organized as Tom seems to be.
I usually do that here.
I don't think Tom is old enough to drive.
I seldom do that alone.
I've agreed to ask Tom to do that.
I'm not so busy nowadays.
I'm going to buy Tom that.
I have to do that, too.
You'll be surprised when you see how tall Tom is now.
I have a terrible cold.
I don't think Tom is old enough to drink.
I have a swimming pool.
It looked like Tom was having fun.
I have a stressful job.
I waxed Tom's car for him.
I have a lot of energy.
I advised Tom not to waste his time trying to do that.
I have a large bedroom.
I don't think Tom is good enough for you.
I have a decent salary.
It seems Tom is telling the truth.
I have a black bicycle.
I told Tom to work harder.
I have a big apartment.
I can't afford to buy the car Tom thinks I should buy.
I had dinner by myself.
I don't think Tom is as creative as Mary.
I had a really bad day.
Maybe Tom and I are both mistaken.
I got up an hour early.
I told Tom to leave early.
I got this for nothing.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston, but he went anyway.
I got the job I wanted.
I don't think I'll permit Tom to do that.
I got the answer right.
My favorite singer is Tom Jackson.
I got stuck in the mud.
I told Tom to be punctual.
I got poked in the eye.
I don't believe Tom really plans to do that this week.
I got out of the water.
I don't think I need to help Tom anymore.
I got off the elevator.
None of Tom's classmates likes him.
I got kicked by a mule.
I told Tom he should rest.
I got home around 2:30.
I don't know why Tom wants me to meet him in the park.
I got here before noon.
I don't remember seeing Tom at the party.
I got back into my car.
None of Tom's friends can do that.
I felt like an outcast.
I think Tom is just tired.
I felt a little guilty.
I don't think I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
I feel like going home.
I don't like the kind of music Tom plays.
I feel like an outcast.
Tell Tom what he's supposed to do.
I don't want to try it.
I seldom do that with Tom.
I don't think I'll win.
I don't think Tom is smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't own a computer.
I don't like it when you and Tom do that.
I don't like green tea.
That's not why Tom and I are here.
I don't know who's who.
I see Tom is still asleep.
I don't have seniority.
I don't think Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I don't have a husband.
I don't like Tom, but I like his brother.
I don't give up easily.
Tom and I are better than you are.
I don't eat much fruit.
I often ask Tom questions.
I don't do that at all.
I don't think Tom will be in his office tomorrow morning.
I don't care who comes.
I don't know why Tom wants me to do that.
I can't play the flute.
Tom and I are faster than you are.
I can't leave just yet.
I heard that Tom was dead.
I ate dinner by myself.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I almost never eat out.
I don't know why Tom wants Mary to leave.
I almost never ask why.
Tom and I weren't here last night.
I admit I wasn't happy.
I have a cousin named Tom.
Do you have Monday off?
I don't think you can convince Tom to stop doing that.
Boston is a large city.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like Boston.
Are you open on Monday?
Tom and Mary broke up a while ago.
Are you free on Monday?
I had Tom paint the fence.
Are these your glasses?
I got a book down from the shelf and handed it to Tom.
You need to get going.
I don't know what Tom is doing out there.
You don't seem hungry.
Tom arrived from Boston yesterday.
You don't need to pay.
I got in the car with Tom.
You don't look scared.
I got mad at Tom because he was making a lot of noise.
You can borrow my pen.
I don't know if Tom likes spinach or not.
Tom arrived in Boston last Monday.
We'll really miss you.
I felt really bad for Tom.
My handbag was stolen.
I had a crush on Tom when I was in junior high school.
May I sit next to you?
I don't know how much time Tom will need.
Let's go out and play.
Tom asked Mary to go talk to John.
Let me get you a beer.
I don't trust Tom one bit.
I've just eaten lunch.
I have a daughter that goes to the same school as Tom.
I'm going to fix this.
I don't know for sure when Tom will come.
I'm going to fix that.
Tom asked me if I could help Mary.
I'm going to be alone.
I don't think Tom was shy.
I'm bad at doing that.
I have no idea why Tom wanted Mary to stop doing that.
I'll go there for you.
I don't have any friends here except Tom.
I'll be there as well.
Tom asked me to help Mary do that.
I'll be free tomorrow.
I don't think Tom was mad.
I saw the way Tom and Mary were looking at each other.
I don't feel like talking to Tom tonight.
I still don't do that.
Tom asked why Mary had to do that.
I seldom do that here.
I don't think Tom is weak.
I often get home late.
I should've advised Tom not to believe what Mary says.
I often do that alone.
I don't ever go camping with Tom anymore.
I never do that alone.
Tom bought himself a new computer.
I have a step-brother.
I don't think Tom is safe.
I have a son your age.
I told Tom he shouldn't eat anything that Mary cooked.
I have a pickup truck.
I don't care whether you help Tom or not.
I have a lot of sheep.
Tom called Mary from John's house.
I have a half-brother.
I don't think Tom is nuts.
I have a good job now.
I had to do that, too.
I didn't want to stay as long as Tom did.
I had a great weekend.
Tom closed the shop early tonight.
I got there in a taxi.
I don't think Tom is next.
I got out of the pool.
I'm having a hard time getting Tom to do his homework.
I got out of the bath.
I didn't think Tom would get so homesick.
I got on the elevator.
Tom complains about his job a lot.
I got home about 2:30.
I don't think Tom is mean.
I got here by bicycle.
I'm not going to do everything Tom has asked me to do.
I got caught speeding.
I didn't think Tom would be so terrified.
I got an F on my test.
Tom decided to do that by himself.
I got a perfect score.
I don't think Tom is lost.
I felt very confident.
I'm the one who told Tom about what you did yesterday.
I felt a little woozy.
I didn't think Tom would be so talkative.
I feel a little dazed.
Tom didn't have an easy childhood.
I don't want to argue.
I don't think Tom is hurt.
I don't often do this.
Is that white car in front of my house Tom's or yours?
I don't like shopping.
I didn't think Tom would be so skeptical.
I don't have red hair.
Tom didn't want Mary to touch him.
I don't have freckles.
I don't think Tom is high.
I don't have any cats.
It doesn't really matter whether Tom does that or not.
I don't do that a lot.
I didn't think Tom would be so sarcastic.
I don't carry a purse.
Tom died fighting for his country.
I almost won the race.
I don't think Tom is free.
I almost lost my mind.
It seems Tom and I are the only ones here from Boston.
I almost got it right.
I didn't think Tom would be so reluctant.
I agreed to come back.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get hurt.
I admitted doing that.
I don't think Tom is cool.
I admitted I did that.
Let's ask Tom if he'd like to play volleyball with us.
I admit I wasn't sure.
I didn't think Tom would be so organized.
How about next Monday?
Tom drives a four-wheel drive van.
Are these your gloves?
I don't think Tom is back.
Who drove here today?
Since Tom and I were tired, we both went to bed early.
This smells terrible.
I didn't think Tom would be so obstinate.
Let's go on a picnic.
Tom encouraged me to go to Boston.
I've had a rough day.
I don't know why Tom left.
I've agreed to leave.
That happened three days after Tom got back to Boston.
I'm going to be busy.
I didn't think Tom would be so motivated.
I'm going to a party.
Tom found Mary crying in her room.
I'll wait for a week.
I discussed that with Tom.
I'll try to be early.
Tom always wears goggles when he rides his motorcycle.
I'll go if I have to.
I didn't think Tom would be so miserable.
I'll gladly help you.
Tom gave Mary a tour of his house.
I'll be needing this.
I can't seem to avoid Tom.
I'll be married soon.
Tom and I are just going to take it easy this weekend.
I'll be leaving soon.
I didn't think Tom would be so irritated.
I'll be here tonight.
Tom got an opportunity to do that.
I'll be gone all day.
I can't go to Tom's party.
Tom and I are the only ones who don't want to be here.
I'd almost forgotten.
I didn't think Tom would be so intrigued.
I often do that here.
Tom got interested in art history.
I often ask for help.
I advised Tom to go there.
I have no idea what to do.
Tom and I are the only ones who survived the accident.
I never do that here.
I didn't think Tom would be so impatient.
I have a step-sister.
Tom got pretty good at doing that.
I had a great summer.
How good a swimmer is Tom?
I got up before dawn.
Tom and I aren't going to study together this evening.
I got plenty of help.
I didn't think Tom would be so easygoing.
I got out of the cab.
Tom got very depressed after that.
I got in the bathtub.
How good a drummer is Tom?
I got bored and left.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who needed to do that.
I got back in my car.
I didn't think Tom would be so desperate.
I got another chance.
Tom had a job interview on Monday.
I got a little drunk.
Does Tom have a snowboard?
I felt very isolated.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who wanted to do that.
I felt a lot of pain.
I didn't think Tom would be so depressed.
I don't want to walk.
Tom had a ladle in his right hand.
I don't want to move.
Could you please help Tom?
I don't love my wife.
Tom and Mary are having a dinner party Monday evening.
I don't like popcorn.
I didn't think Tom would be so dedicated.
I don't like jogging.
Tom had a rough time in Australia.
I don't like driving.
You told Tom, didn't you?
I don't know who won.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me what they planned to do.
I don't have a beard.
I didn't think Tom would be so courteous.
I don't do that here.
Tom had never been sailing before.
I don't care who won.
Why are Tom and you here?
I can't tie my shoes.
Tom asked me to help Mary put new frets on her guitar.
I can't go on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be so confident.
I almost lost an eye.
Tom has a job interview on Monday.
I admit I left early.
Tom's hobby is astronomy.
How are noodles made?
Tom can play the guitar and he's good at singing, too.
Which coat is yours?
I didn't think Tom would be so concerned.
Let's play together.
Tom has applied for a credit card.
I'm the one who won.
Tom's door wasn't locked.
I'm going to escape.
Tom didn't really know why he was supposed to do that.
I'll lend you a pen.
I didn't think Tom would be so conceited.
I'll be OK, won't I?
Tom has been working hard all day.
I want to be a poet.
Tom's bicycle was stolen.
I'm not busy nowadays.
Tom didn't seem to be as annoyed as Mary seemed to be.
I hope I'm not next.
I didn't think Tom would be so ambitious.
I have a rich uncle.
Tom has had a very difficult life.
I have a cold again.
Tom works at a bookstore.
I got this for free.
Tom didn't seem to be as anxious as Mary seemed to be.
I got out of my car.
I didn't need to stay as long as Tom did.
I got on my bicycle.
Tom has noticed something strange.
I got back into bed.
Tom will have to help me.
I got a raise today.
Tom didn't seem to be as awkward as Mary seemed to be.
I don't wear makeup.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to do that.
I don't play soccer.
Tom has offered to take Mary home.
I don't own a house.
Tom will find out anyway.
I don't like to fly.
Tom didn't seem to be as careful as Mary seemed to be.
I don't have it now.
I didn't know that Tom needed to do that.
I don't have a visa.
Tom hates to work late on Mondays.
I don't fit in here.
Tom went to Mary's party.
I don't eat dessert.
Tom didn't seem to be as curious as Mary seemed to be.
I almost didn't win.
I didn't have to stay as long as Tom did.
I almost cried, too.
Tom heard Mary screaming for help.
I almost always win.
Tom went outside to play.
I admitted I'd lied.
Tom didn't seem to be as cynical as Mary seemed to be.
I admit that I lied.
I didn't expect Tom to be so resourceful.
Did you eat dessert?
Tom helped his mother cook dinner.
There's work to do.
Tom was at my house, too.
I'll be there, too.
Tom didn't seem to be as excited as Mary seemed to be.
I'll be OK, I hope.
I can't believe Tom really believes that.
I live near I work.
Tom helped me get out of the pool.
I have an easy job.
Tom was angry about that.
I have a telescope.
Tom didn't seem to be as finicky as Mary seemed to be.
I have a new truck.
I admit I did what Tom told me not to do.
I had a rotten day.
Tom is a better liar than Mary is.
I had a bad summer.
Tom stole a lot of money.
I got my car fixed.
Tom didn't seem to be as focused as Mary seemed to be.
I got here on foot.
Here's a picture of Tom playing the tuba.
I feel overwhelmed.
Tom is a little strange, isn't he?
I can't look at it.
Tom stole Mary's bicycle.
I almost fell down.
Tom didn't seem to be as frantic as Mary seemed to be.
I admit I did that.
Do you think Tom was being disrespectful?
I'm not too tired.
Tom is afraid to go into the cave.
I'll visit Boston.
Tom stayed at home alone.
I'll stay at home.
Tom didn't seem to be as healthy as Mary seemed to be.
I'll miss you all.
Do Tom and I need to stay in Boston, too?
I'll go if you go.
Tom is aggressive, but Mary isn't.
I often come here.
Tom seems really worried.
I just ate dinner.
Tom didn't seem to be as jittery as Mary seemed to be.
I have a new boss.
At that time, Tom and I were still awake.
I got up and left.
Tom is an incredibly smart person.
I got there first.
Tom said he was homesick.
I got on my horse.
Tom didn't seem to be as nervous as Mary seemed to be.
I got into my car.
Ask Tom if he's going to help us do that.
I found a new job.
Tom is courageous, but Mary isn't.
I don't eat fruit.
Tom said he was betrayed.
I admitted defeat.
Tom didn't seem to be as patient as Mary seemed to be.
I admit I do that.
You don't seem to be as talented as Tom.
Let's go skating.
Tom is dependable, but Mary isn't.
Let's go sailing.
Tom said he heard a shot.
I'll go on ahead.
Tom didn't seem to be as popular as Mary seemed to be.
I felt neglected.
You don't seem to be as cynical as Tom.
I don't eat eggs.
Tom is diplomatic, but Mary isn't.
I can't stop now.
Tom said he had an alibi.
I can't eat that.
Tom didn't seem to be as puzzled as Mary seemed to be.
How about Monday?
You don't seem to be as creative as Tom.
Are these for me?
Tom is doing that, but Mary isn't.
Let's go skiing.
Tom said he felt wronged.
Let's go rowing.
Tom didn't seem to be as relaxed as Mary seemed to be.
I got a new job.
You don't seem to be as bored as Tom is.
I felt terrific.
Tom is frightened, but Mary isn't.
I felt repulsed.
Tom said he felt trapped.
I closed my eyes.
Tom didn't seem to be as serious as Mary seemed to be.
I almost choked.
You don't seem to be as artistic as Tom.
I felt snubbed.
Tom is frustrated, but Mary isn't.
I felt nervous.
Tom said he felt snubbed.
I got my wish.
Tom didn't seem to be as sincere as Mary seemed to be.
I can take it.
You don't seem to agree with Tom at all.
I got mugged.
Tom is glad Mary did that for him.
I felt woozy.
Tom said he felt nothing.
I felt alone.
Tom didn't seem to be as thirsty as Mary seemed to be.
How do you know there aren't any?
I'm proud of my punctuality.
No browser is safe.
Bogdan Tanevich is retiring due to colon cancer.
The way we live is our decision.
I forgot her address.
Pastafarians believe that the universe was created by the Flying Spaghetti Monster while very drunk.
He's always threatening to quit, but he never does.
Tom drove Mary home from work.
We know where she is.
You know how these kind of fights end.
The octal numeral system uses the digits 0 to 7, and is the base-8 number system.
Did you know that Magyar Posta is issuing a Postcrossing-themed stamp on February 2nd?
I speak, therefore I am.
Indeed, how many and how important are the benefits which flow from the indissolubility of matrimony cannot escape anyone who gives even a brief consideration either to the good of the married parties and the offspring or to the welfare of human society.
I love to study languages.
Real Madrid is one of the most famous soccer teams in Spain and in the world.
I won't be able to fix that.
Tom doesn't know how to start a lawn mower.
Who owns what here?
Sami needs this particular book.
Sami is not just a doctor, but a surgeon.
Sami left an estate in Egypt.
Sami sent Layla information.
Sami tried to stay out of it.
Sami was scheduled for release.
Sami was so intrigued by that mystery.
Sami and Layla met on cloud nine.
Sami was training astronauts.
Sami was on indefinite sick leave.
Sami found a job in Egypt.
Sami and Layla lived apart.
Sami was in Egypt almost all the time.
Sami is coming up here.
Sami and Layla aren't happy anymore.
Sami became romantically involved with one of his female patients.
Sami and Layla's relationship became romantic.
Sami and Layla's affair remained a secret.
Sami decided to tell Layla about the affair through social media.
Sami changed his Facebook status.
Sami changed his Facebook status to married.
Sami decided to fight for his marriage and make it work.
Sami decided to fight for his marriage and make it work.
Sami lived with another woman.
Sami has been cheating.
Looking good!
We don't know how to use them.
Sami didn't have any male friends.
Sami saw Layla there at the bar.
Sami and Layla's relationship quickly fell apart.
Sami and Layla had the same blood type.
Sami was stabbed multiple times in the scrotum and the anus area.
Sami shot Layla in the back of the head.
Sami crossed his legs.
Sami took the boots off.
Sami was linked to two of the victims.
Sami's skull was never found.
Sami executed his victims in his van.
Sami confessed to Layla's murder.
Sami was happy to talk about it.
Sami was happy to talk about the murder.
Sami didn't get rid of the guns.
Sami was arrested and charged with first degree murder.
Sami saw that in a pornographic movie.
Sami didn't have that relationship.
Sami lured prostitutes into his car.
Sami has got to prove it.
Sami continued to insist that he didn't kill anyone.
Sami's affair is over.
Sami is sleeping with Farid's wife.
Sami murdered two young teenagers.
Sami is coming for you.
Sami will never forget that phone call.
Sami remembers those two girls.
Sami was charged with six counts of murder.
Sami didn't kill anyone.
Sami listened to the story.
Sami got his wish.
Sami preferred a death sentence and he got his wish.
Sami decided to plead guilty.
Sami wrote Layla a lot of letters.
Sami was supposed to testify on Saturday.
Sami was interviewed by police.
Sami's conviction was upheld.
Sami was more involved than he claimed.
Sami instantly recognized Layla's voice.
Sami is a serial sexual murderer.
Sami is still seeing his lover.
Sami was at the scene of the murder.
Sami asked Layla to prove his claims.
Sami was openly lying.
Sami died in 2006 of heart failure.
Sami is never gonna know the truth.
Sami is a pathological liar.
Sami still likes to portray himself as an innocent victim.
Sami didn't stick to his word.
Sami had a job to do.
Sami had to save his marriage.
Sami and Layla went ahead with a divorce.
Sami slept with one eye open.
Sami became unrecognizable.
Sami's threats sent chills down Layla's spine.
Sami knew somebody was going to die.
Sami was washing dishes.
Sami didn't even have time to respond.
Sami came downstairs.
Sami was bleeding badly.
Sami shot me.
Sami grew up in a vibrant college town.
Sami died of a single gunshot to the chest.
Sami couldn't accept rejection.
Sami and Layla met in the summer of 2006.
Sami was shot once in the head and once in the heart.
Sami died a tragic and painful death.
Sami was strangled.
Sami's shoes were missing.
Sami was trying to get away.
Sami was killed right there.
Sami wanted to get rid of the body.
Sami wanted to conceal the crime he had committed.
Sami was shot twice in the heart.
Sami was aware that he could hurt people.
Sami described his relationship with his wife Layla.
Sami was always borrowing money.
Sami needed money for Layla's chemotherapy.
Sami's wife was ill with cancer.
Sami didn't have cancer.
Sami told people that he liked Layla.
Sami was staring at Layla from across the bar.
Sami is a ladies' man.
Sami was a very affable guy.
Sami had knowledge about the murder.
Sami is gonna confess.
It got better!
Tom will miss the Olympics due to his injury.
Mirai Nagasu wants to become the first American woman to complete a triple axel at the Olympics.
Canada will send 225 athletes to the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Pyeongchang is a county located in the Taebaek Mountains in South Korea.
Tom hopes one day to compete in the Olympics.
Mary hopes to compete one day in the Olympics.
Tom did not make the team this year.
Tom did not make the team.
Gophers are cute.
Tom and I weren't the only ones who complained.
The 2018 Winter Olympic Games will be held in Pyeongchang.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that and neither was Mary.
How many times do I have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket?
I'm going to be helping Tom paint his garage.
Everything smelled new.
Nothing is what it seems.
Tom took a high-speed train.
Have you always been such an asshole?
Have you always been such a jerk?
Tom wrote a memo to his boss.
I had to get it off my chest.
I had to get this off my chest.
Tom started screaming and yelling.
Focus on what you can control.
I didn't know she hated me so much.
Do you really expect me to believe all of this?
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
Pick your battles.
The Dow is down 500 points.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 666 points.
Russia is the world's largest country.
Tom gave me a funny look.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to embarrass you in front of your friends.
Tom was a troublemaker.
Tom and his friends rode off on their bicycles.
I can't believe you know Tom! Why didn't you tell me?
You don't have to try so hard to impress me.
Just relax. Be yourself.
You don't have to try to impress me.
Tom graduated from college at the top of his class.
Mary graduated from college at the top of her class.
The roof is on fire.
Tom didn't know what he wanted to do.
Mary didn't know what she wanted to do.
Tom didn't even bother going to his graduation ceremony.
Tom and Mary got married after they graduated college.
Tom enlisted in the Marines after graduating from high school.
Tom did a victory dance.
I didn't know you went to law school.
Tom went to law school.
Mary went to law school.
Tom went to business school.
Mary went to business school.
Tom went to medical school.
Mary went to med school.
Tom went to med school.
Tom and Mary got married and moved in together.
Mary was not looking for romance.
Mary had to work three shifts to pay her bills.
Mary went to nursing school.
Tom had to work three shifts to pay his bills.
Let me just do a quick Google search.
Tom won the state championship.
Tom wanted to get married after he graduated.
Tom is a traveling salesman.
Mary spends a lot of money on clothes.
Tom tossed his backpack on the counter.
Tom tossed his backpack on the table.
Tom was still living in his parents' house.
The car is almost out of gas.
She pretended like she didn't know what he was talking about.
Tom pretended like he didn't know what Mary was talking about.
Tom wanted to be a writer.
Mary wanted to be a writer.
Tom played basketball in college.
Mary played volleyball in college.
Tom's grandfather couldn't read.
Tom's grandfather was illiterate.
Tom patted me on the back and congratulated me.
Tom earned a full scholarship to college.
Tom thought it was highly amusing.
Tom owns a small business.
Tom is a small business owner.
Tom owns a hardware store.
Tom helps his dad out on the farm.
We prefer to walk.
That's just the tip of the iceberg.
This is a fine predicament you've got us into.
I like oysters.
We are interested in mathematics.
I like loud music.
Hello? Hi! How are you?
He is the only person who can open that trunk.
That's my money.
Whoever likes the new is not a fan of the old.
Mary's cat always has to have whatever Tom's cat is having.
Don't use too much glue.
I praise the industry of priests.
Tom is an explorer and an archaeologist.
Lasers scans have revealed an ancient Mayan city hidden under the jungle.
Lidar is revolutionising archaeology.
Francis lives in Vatican. Many priests also live in that city.
I know a priest.
I know a good priest.
He avoided her eyes.
She avoided his eyes.
Was this your idea?
The Inquisition is a myth.
Windows is updating.
At the end of a long drab passage my new acquaintance pushed open a door and turned on an electric switch. A number of lamps shining through tinted shades bathed the whole great room before us in a ruddy radiance.
Standing in the doorway and glancing round me, I had a general impression of extraordinary comfort and elegance combined with an atmosphere of masculine virility.
Everywhere there were mingled the luxury of the wealthy man of taste and the careless untidiness of the bachelor.
Rich furs and strange iridescent mats from some Oriental bazaar were scattered upon the floor
Pictures and prints which even my unpractised eyes could recognize as being of great price and rarity hung thick upon the walls.
In the centre of the rich red carpet was a black and gold Louis Quinze table.
In the centre of the rich red carpet was a black and gold Louis Quinze table, a lovely antique, now sacrilegiously desecrated with marks of glasses and the scars of cigar-stumps.
His eyebrows were tufted and overhanging, which gave his naturally cold eyes an almost ferocious aspect.
Why do wind turbines have three blades?
The ship was returned on the sea.
People that look fair are sometimes not fair at all.
Don't tighten the lugs too hard.
Jeff Bezos' net worth is estimated at around $120 billions.
I thought Tom was in Europe.
What is Tom doing here? I thought he was in Europe.
Tom has a Costco membership.
Uh, Tom, I think you're bleeding.
I think you're bleeding.
Personally, I'm against political jokes. Too often they get elected to office.
Mary is in her mid-twenties.
In chess, castling may only be carried out when both the king and the involved rook have not been moved, all the squares between them are free and not dominated by any opposing piece and the king is neither in check nor would get checked by castling.
Tom shook his head in dismay.
Do you want some cherry pie?
Tom is tall and good-looking.
Shag carpets were popular in the early 1960s.
Some people stay longer when they're leaving than others do when they're staying.
According to a study by the German Institute for Economic Research, the 45 richest German households own as much wealth as the bottom half of the population.
Tom wrote a short story.
Mary wrote a short story.
We accept all major credit and debit cards.
Tom had a vision.
Mary had a vision.
I'm a vegan but my cat isn't.
Are you trying to make yourself look ugly?
Mary feels underappreciated.
You need to sweat.
Hang a picture on the wall.
I can see the ocean from here.
I like folk music.
The fireworks are starting.
Let's walk on the beach.
Just one more lift left.
"But you're best friends." "Not anymore."
I had one years ago.
I bought a new fountain pen.
I hope I don't get diarrhea from all the fat in that salad.
Is anyone awake?
I ran into her at the store.
It sounds like a soap opera.
The music is peaceful.
The ambient music made her fly into a rage.
Please don't play with my stuffed animals.
This is a bad time to ask.
You can order anything you want.
"His toes smell good," thought the dog.
"If you lick between my toes, I'll take you to a movie tonight," said Mary.
Don't give him any sugar.
This is way too sweet.
You've made it to the big time.
He's bitter.
Your house is nicer than mine.
When will Tom come home this evening?
When I stood up, I realized that Tom was much taller than me.
I didn't like the fact that Tom was going out with Mary.
I'd be very upset if that happened.
Tom would be very upset if that happened.
My car is nicer than Tom's.
Would you like me to teach you how to play chess?
Why is Tom digging a hole in his backyard?
Tom is crying because he got stung by a bee.
Your office is nicer than mine.
Many truckers don't take into account the weather conditions.
Many truck drivers don't take into account the weather conditions.
All belongs to all.
Cancer stops smoking.
We like Pizza.
We cook rice with vegetables.
Do not throw your pearls before pigs.
I often travel to other countries.
Juli is in the university because she is a student.
It is my first time with a prostitute.
She's doing a great job.
Read the nutrition information.
Did you fall asleep?
Walk gingerly.
He tricked them.
I want a pencil and a pen.
Tiptoe through so you don't wake up anybody.
They're all sleeping.
Americans love their Super Bowl parties.
People who were in the army don't laugh at the circus.
I hope that never happens to me.
Smoking does not cause lung cancer.
Go ahead and laugh.
Tom did not seem happy.
I really hate when you call me that.
If you really hate your job so much, then quit.
If you really hate your job so much, then why don't you quit?
Tom curled into a ball.
Mary curled into a ball.
Tom's cat curled into a ball.
The kitten curled into a ball.
I would have done anything in the world to help him.
I would have done anything in the world to help her.
Sami is a former muslim.
This chair rests on casters.
Mary pushed the chair away with her feet.
Tom pushed the chair away.
Tom feels underappreciated.
He was traveling in that train which derailed.
Archaeologists in Egypt have announced the discovery of the tomb of an ancient priestess of Hathor, the goddess of fertility and childbirth.
Mary dressed as an ancient Egyptian priestess.
Mary dressed as an ancient Egyptian princess.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian scribe.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian scribe.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian slave.
Tom dressed as a Pharaoh.
On the part of God the Covenant is a lasting "commitment"; he remains faithful to his spousal love even if the bride often shows herself to be unfaithful.
Where is the wine that you like from?
I go to Brazil by airplane.
They go to a bar.
The store is open.
He tells a story.
Rio de Janeiro was founded in fifteen sixty-five.
As soon as the alarm rings I need to get up.
The country declared its independence on the seventh of September of eighteen twenty-two.
The black shoes matched the suit very well.
She takes a taxi because it is raining.
Sami was fighting with Layla.
Sami and Layla stopped fighting.
Sami never leaves without saying goodbye.
Sami spoke to Layla Saturday.
Sami has the key.
Sami's fears became real.
Sami bought some flowers.
Sami cleaned up the mess.
Sami's father is a businessman.
Sami opened the car door for Layla.
Sami saw everything.
Sami gave Layla some money.
Sami won't miss that.
Sami will have to leave.
Sami and Layla are my best friends.
Sami was looking for these.
Sami will be our guest tonight.
Sami has a secret.
Sami's books are selling like hot cakes.
Sami's plane crashed in the field.
Sami won't stop looking until he finds Layla.
Sami needs these worms for a school project.
The title of the document needs to be centered.
I'm at the car wash.
I'm cold to the bone.
Your toes are frostbitten.
It's eighty-five degrees here.
I brought chips and dip.
Canada borders Alaska.
He's outside honking his horn.
More we learn, more we gotta learn.
You'll need to pee on the lock to defrost it.
My glasses are all smudged up.
She's a clever girl.
I broke my glasses.
Neymar is Brazilian.
I'm only going to watch movies from 1934 and earlier before bedtime. They're slower paced and more thought-provoking.
Do you remember the first time you saw me?
I'm selling my boat.
Let's drop anchor here.
There's a fog advisory this morning.
They're rough characters.
She's the new program manager.
The games are fixed by the league.
That tackle was fake.
He dropkicked my lunchbox over the fence.
He speaks fluent Japanese.
Fire a warning shot across their bow.
Raise the jib.
We're headed to the fair.
I'd like to drink a Coke.
How long should the sauce simmer?
I'm such a fool!
What time is the movie?
Neymar's birthday is on February 5th.
Where did I put that thingie?
Is she Portuguese?
That is lame.
Where can I buy a one pound weight?
Can I have a donut?
I found this old cookie smashed in my luggage.
The score is tied.
In the future, most of our food will be grown in vertical farms located inside the city.
Mary shook her head in dismay.
Mary bought some dinosaur kale at Whole Foods.
Tom's company grew rapidly.
Tom's business grew rapidly.
Do not judge me.
Her blood sugar crashed.
The wine made her cranky.
Never make anyone envious. Even close family.
Don't forget birthdays.
I'm charging my phone.
It must have been extremely painful.
Tom doesn't seem to be responding to the treatment.
Tom tried to prop Mary up with pillows.
I've seen all his movies.
Would you please sit over there?
You can wait over there.
Tom tiptoed past his parents' bedroom.
Mary tiptoed past her parents' bedroom to sneak out of the house.
Studying languages is awesome.
Is this glass dirty?
I'll DJ your party.
I just bought an antique gramophone.
I've been having dreams lately.
You accepted the gifts.
These cookies are fresh from the oven.
The apple pie was still fresh from the oven.
Did we forget our money?
My father does not approve of our relationship.
Tom didn't make the team.
Tom didn't make the team this year.
I didn't know Tom hated me so much.
Tom is always threatening to quit, but he never does.
I forgot Tom's address.
I know Tom's weak points.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss Tom.
We need to be extremely cautious.
We need to be extremely careful.
Is that really what Tom told you?
I can't feel a thing.
Try not to be so rude next time.
Do you think Tom will agree?
Tom's children do what they want.
Why do you hang out with those guys?
Tom never even tried to kiss me.
Why is Tom talking to that guy?
Many people are afraid to travel by plane.
I hate it when my parents fight.
My parents are fighting again.
What are Tom and Mary fighting about?
Nobody had an answer.
There was snow on the road.
It snowed all weekend.
I'm going to have a ham sandwich.
I'm ashamed that I did that.
I won't be able to repair that.
I want to earn more money.
I regret not having listened.
I need to earn more money.
I had been warned not to do that.
I felt stunned.
I didn't have chains for my car, so I stayed home.
I don't have chains for my car.
I came as soon as I heard you needed me.
Sami's body was found in the garage.
May I talk to you for a second?
I'll look into that.
How do you like it here?
I'm sorry, but I've got to get going.
I'm sorry, but I've got to leave.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you right now.
It was great seeing you again.
Don't brag.
Please excuse my poor pronunciation!
It must've been extremely painful.
It must've been very painful.
Sami wanted to get revenge.
Sami was not faithful to Layla.
Sami was jealous.
Sami phoned Layla.
Sami lured then killed Layla.
Sami was very afraid of Layla.
Sami was under Layla's control.
Sami was stronger than Layla.
Sami has hurt Layla before.
Sami became emotionally overwhelmed.
Sami became emotionally overwhelmed.
Sami and Layla had a very rocky relationship.
Sami wants to be an Arabic teacher.
Sami dated Layla for a few weeks.
Sami was very intelligent.
Sami is such a good guy.
Sami was acting as Layla on Facebook.
Sami is not with me.
Sami doesn't know why.
Sami was shot in cold blood.
Sami went to meet Layla.
Sami lived very close to the location where Layla's body was found.
Sami had a troubled history with Layla.
He is ugly.
Go to the Church, you'll find Jesus there.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
The dictator accused Tom of treason for not applauding him.
Coral reefs are home to millions of species.
Coral reefs teem with life.
Many U.S. coral reefs were alive and thriving centuries before the European colonization of the nearby shores.
Today, these important habitats are threatened by a range of human activities.
The giant bumphead parrotfish is an amazing fish that can live to be 40 years old, growing up to four feet long and 100 pounds.
He's the best in the business.
She's the best in the business.
Sand comes from many locations, sources, and environments.
Sand forms when rocks break down from weathering and eroding over thousands and even millions of years.
Rocks take time to decompose, especially quartz and feldspar.
Often starting thousands of miles from the ocean, rocks slowly travel down rivers and streams, constantly breaking down along the way. Once they make it to the ocean, they further erode from the constant action of waves and tides.
Don't you think that's a little premature?
The tan color of most sand beaches is the result of iron oxide, which tints quartz a light brown, and feldspar, which is brown to tan in its original form.
Black sand comes from eroded volcanic material such as lava, basalt rocks, and other dark-colored rocks and minerals, and is typically found on beaches near volcanic activity.
Black-sand beaches are common in Hawaii, the Canary Islands, and the Aleutians.
The by-products of living things also play an important part in creating sandy beaches. Bermuda's preponderance of pleasantly pink beaches results from the perpetual decay of single-celled, shelled organisms called foraminifera.
Mary raised her eyebrows.
The famous white-sand beaches of Hawaii, for example, actually come from the poop of parrotfish. The fish bite and scrape algae off of rocks and dead corals with their parrot-like beaks, grind up the inedible calcium-carbonate reef material (made mostly of coral skeletons) in their guts, and then excrete it as sand.
Would you like to talk with mom?
There is no doubt that they got married.
The sum of two rational numbers is also rational.
Strong reasons make strong actions.
He likes to talk.
I like to study French while I lift weights.
I'm so hungry right now.
I'll eat everything in your house.
That's the trigger.
Please add pickles to order number five.
The sandwiches were delicious.
Please login to your computer.
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you.
One may be satisfied that there are no senses apart from the five from the following arguments.
For all those things which are qualities of the tangible object, qua tangible, we perceive by touch.
If we currently have perception of everything for which the sense is touch it is also necessary that, lacking some sense, we will also lack some sense organ.
For the hope of the wicked is as dust, which is blown away with the wind, and as a thin froth which is dispersed by the storm: and a smoke that is scattered abroad by the wind: and as the remembrance of a guest of one day that passeth by.
Today I got an A, I got very lucky!
Who is she to you?
They don't have to thank us.
They don't have to say a word.
Then, upon seeing her beauty, I began debating with myself.
There is no god but God, and Jesus is the Son of God.
What time do you think he'll be back?
What did you do with all your shoes?
The Mississippi River carries millions of tons of nutrient-rich sediment into the Gulf each year.
You're a quick study.
Sixty-five percent of U.S. estuaries and coastal water bodies are moderately to severely degraded by excessive nutrient inputs, which lead to algal blooms and low-oxygen (hypoxic) waters that can kill fish and seagrass and reduce essential fish habitats.
Eutrophication is a big word that describes a big problem in the nation's estuaries.
The mid-ocean ridge is the longest mountain range on Earth.
The mid-ocean range stretches around the globe like the seam of a baseball.
The longest mountain range on Earth is called the mid-ocean ridge. Spanning 40,389 miles around the globe, it's truly a global landmark.
About 90 percent of the mid-ocean ridge system is under the ocean.
About 90 percent of the mid-ocean ridge system is under the ocean. This system of mountains and valleys criss-crosses the globe, resembling the stitches in a baseball. It's formed by the movement of the Earth's tectonic plates.
As the Earth's crust spreads, new ocean floor is created. This process literally renews the surface of our planet.
If you look at a map of the world's volcanoes, you'll find that most of them form along the boundaries of this great system. In fact, the global mid-ocean ridge system forms the largest single volcanic feature on the Earth.
The mid-ocean ridge consists of thousands of individual volcanoes or volcanic ridge segments which periodically erupt.
What percentage of the American population lives near the coast?
In the United States, counties directly on the shoreline constitute less than 10 percent of the total land area (not including Alaska), but account for 39 percent of the total population. From 1970 to 2010, the population of these counties increased by almost 40%.
Coastal areas are substantially more crowded than the U.S. as a whole, and population density in coastal areas will continue to increase in the future.
The population density of coastal shoreline couhe population density of coastal shoreline counties is over six times greater than the corresponding inland counties.
The majority of marine protected areas in the United States are multiple-use sites, meaning fishing, boating, surfing, diving, and other recreational activities are allowed.
The highest tide in the world is in Canada.
The highest tides in the world can be found in Canada's Bay of Fundy.
Tom typed furiously on his keyboard.
Tom thinks Mary won't be suspicious.
The highest tides in the world can be found in Canada at the Bay of Fundy, which separates New Brunswick from Nova Scotia.
At some times of the year the difference between high and low tide in the Bay of Fundy is 16.3 meters, taller than a three-story building.
The highest tides in the United States can be found near Anchorage, Alaska, with tidal ranges up to 12.2 meters.
Tidal highs and lows depend on a lot of different factors. The shape and geometry of a coastline play a major role, as do the locations of the Sun and Moon.
Detailed forecasts are available for high and low tides in all sea ports, but are specific to local conditions.
That many of the areas of the world with high ranges of tides are in the areas of Alaska, Canada, and northern Europe has created a misconception that the range of tide increases with increasing latitude (as one moves farther from the equator and closer to the poles). This is incorrect.
The greatest number of the Earth's volcanoes occur on the ocean floor.
You're insulting my intelligence.
Estuaries experience change many times a day due to tides.
Sixty percent of all active volcanoes occur at the boundaries between tectonic plates.
Located at the northern end of the Ten Thousand Islands on the gulf coast of Florida, the Rookery Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve represents one of the few remaining undisturbed mangrove estuaries in North America.
Because of tides, the water levels in an estuary are going up and down several times a day.
Estuarine organisms can adapt quite well to changing conditions in estuaries. For example, fish or crabs are mobile and can move as needed throughout the day to adjust to changes in the estuary.
Mangroves are a group of trees and shrubs that live in the coastal intertidal zone.
Don't give them any ideas.
Estuaries are home to unique plant and animal communities that have adapted to brackish water.
We must find a way to stop him.
We must find a way to stop her.
We must find a way to stop her.
There are about 80 different species of mangrove trees.
Mangrove forests only grow at tropical and subtropical latitudes near the equator because they cannot withstand freezing temperatures.
Many mangrove forests can be recognized by their dense tangle of prop roots that make the trees appear to be standing on stilts above the water.
This tangle of roots allows the trees to handle the daily rise and fall of tides, which means that most mangroves get flooded at least twice per day. The roots also slow the movement of tidal waters, causing sediments to settle out of the water and build up the muddy bottom.
Mangrove forests stabilize the coastline, reducing erosion from storm surges, currents, waves, and tides.
The intricate root system of mangroves makes these forests attractive to fish and other organisms seeking food and shelter from predators.
National marine sanctuaries are protected waters that include habitats such as rocky reefs, kelp forests, deep-sea canyons, and underwater archaeological sites
Within national marine sanctuaries's protected waters, giant humpback whales breed and calve their young, temperate reefs flourish, and shipwrecks tell stories of our maritime history.
The USS Monitor was designated the first National Marine Sanctuary on January 30, 1975
The USS Monitor was the prototype for a class of U.S. Civil War ironclad, turreted warships that significantly altered both naval technology and marine architecture in the nineteenth century.
The vessel was constructed in 110 days.
The USS Monitor was constructed in 110 days.
I suspect not.
I suspect that's not going to happen.
I suspect that isn't going to happen.
I suspect Tom won't need to do that.
I suspect Tom won't do that.
I suspect Tom will have to do that.
I suspect Tom will do that.
I suspect Tom was the one who did that.
I suspect Tom was the only one who did that.
I suspect Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I suspect Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I suspect that Tom isn't going to do that.
They joked ceaselessly.
She is looking at my beautiful picture.
I suspect Tom lied.
I suspect that Tom lied.
I suspect Tom did it.
I suspect that Tom did it.
I suspect Tom is dead.
I suspect that Tom is dead.
I suspect Tom is here.
I suspect that Tom is here.
I suspect Tom is home.
I suspect that Tom is home.
I suspect Tom is lost.
I suspect that Tom is lost.
I suspect Tom is sick.
I suspect that Tom is sick.
I suspect that's true.
I suspect that that's true.
I suspect Tom did that.
I suspect that Tom did that.
I suspect Tom is alone.
I suspect that Tom is alone.
I suspect Tom is awake.
I suspect that Tom is awake.
I suspect Tom is bored.
I suspect that Tom is bored.
I suspect Tom is drunk.
I suspect that Tom is drunk.
I suspect Tom is ready.
I suspect that Tom is ready.
I suspect Tom is right.
I suspect that Tom is right.
I suspect Tom is tired.
I suspect that Tom is tired.
I suspect Tom is upset.
I suspect that Tom is upset.
I suspect Tom is wrong.
I suspect that Tom is wrong.
I suspect Tom does that.
I suspect that Tom does that.
I suspect Tom is afraid.
I suspect that Tom is afraid.
I suspect Tom is asleep.
I suspect that Tom is asleep.
I suspect Tom is lonely.
I suspect that Tom is lonely.
I suspect Tom is scared.
I suspect that Tom is scared.
I suspect Tom is annoyed.
I suspect that Tom is annoyed.
I suspect Tom is at home.
I suspect that Tom is at home.
I suspect Tom is curious.
I suspect that Tom is curious.
I suspect Tom is jealous.
I suspect that Tom is jealous.
I suspect Tom is nervous.
I suspect that Tom is nervous.
I suspect Tom is puzzled.
I suspect that Tom is puzzled.
I suspect Tom can do that.
I suspect that Tom can do that.
I suspect Tom is bluffing.
I suspect that Tom is bluffing.
I suspect Tom is confused.
I suspect that Tom is confused.
I suspect Tom is homeless.
I suspect that Tom is homeless.
I suspect Tom is homesick.
I suspect that Tom is homesick.
I suspect Tom is mistaken.
I suspect that Tom is mistaken.
I suspect Tom is outraged.
I suspect that Tom is outraged.
I suspect Tom is prepared.
I suspect that Tom is prepared.
I suspect that that isn't true.
I suspect that that's not true.
I suspect Tom is concerned.
I suspect that Tom is concerned.
I suspect Tom is confident.
I suspect that Tom is confident.
I suspect Tom is dangerous.
I suspect that Tom is dangerous.
I suspect Tom is depressed.
I suspect that Tom is depressed.
I suspect Tom is in Boston.
I suspect that Tom is in Boston.
I suspect Tom is irritated.
I suspect that Tom is irritated.
I suspect that Tom will do that.
I suspect Tom can't do that.
I suspect that Tom can't do that.
I suspect Tom is downstairs.
I suspect that Tom is downstairs.
I suspect Tom is frightened.
I suspect that Tom is frightened.
I suspect Tom is frustrated.
I suspect that Tom is frustrated.
I suspect Tom is interested.
I suspect that Tom is interested.
I suspect Tom is optimistic.
I suspect that Tom is optimistic.
I suspect Tom is prejudiced.
I suspect that Tom is prejudiced.
I suspect Tom is suspicious.
I suspect that Tom is suspicious.
I suspect Tom was surprised.
I suspect that Tom was surprised.
I suspect that Tom won't do that.
I suspect Tom didn't do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't do that.
I suspect Tom has to do that.
I suspect that Tom has to do that.
I suspect Tom is discouraged.
I suspect that Tom is discouraged.
I suspect Tom is embarrassed.
I suspect that Tom is embarrassed.
I suspect Tom is intoxicated.
I suspect that Tom is intoxicated.
I suspect Tom is over thirty.
I suspect that Tom is over thirty.
I suspect Tom went to Boston.
I suspect that Tom went to Boston.
I suspect Tom doesn't like me.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me.
I suspect Tom is disappointed.
I suspect that Tom is disappointed.
I suspect Tom won't be coming.
I suspect that Tom won't be coming.
I suspect Tom doesn't like you.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like you.
I suspect Tom has been injured.
I suspect that Tom has been injured.
I suspect Tom is afraid of you.
I suspect that Tom is afraid of you.
I suspect Tom is uncomfortable.
I suspect that Tom is uncomfortable.
I suspect Tom needs to do that.
I suspect that Tom needs to do that.
I suspect Tom wants to do that.
I suspect that Tom wants to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't like Mary.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I suspect Tom has been arrested.
I suspect that Tom has been arrested.
I suspect Tom won't wait for me.
I suspect that Tom won't wait for me.
I suspect Tom can't speak French.
I suspect that Tom can't speak French.
I suspect Tom is being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom is being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom won't like it here.
I suspect that Tom won't like it here.
I suspect Tom has never done that.
I suspect that Tom has never done that.
I suspect Tom is eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom is eager to do that.
I suspect Tom won't be doing that.
I suspect that Tom won't be doing that.
I suspect Tom doesn't like me much.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me much.
I suspect Tom doesn't speak French.
I suspect that Tom doesn't speak French.
I suspect Tom is afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom is afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom is likely to be late.
I suspect that Tom is likely to be late.
I suspect Tom is likely to do that.
I suspect that Tom is likely to do that.
I suspect that Tom will have to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't often do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't often do that.
I suspect Tom is anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom is anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't need to do that.
I suspect Tom won't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom won't want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary agree with me.
I suspect that Tom and Mary agree with me.
I suspect Tom and Mary are depressed.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are depressed.
I suspect Tom and Mary are exhausted.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are exhausted.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are incorrect.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are incorrect.
I suspect Tom and Mary are intrigued.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are intrigued.
I suspect Tom and Mary are irritated.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are irritated.
I suspect Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like me.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like me.
I suspect Tom and Mary were offended.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were offended.
I suspect Tom didn't have to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't have to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't need to do that.
I suspect Tom didn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom expects me to help him.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help him.
I suspect Tom is planning to do that.
I suspect that Tom is planning to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't eager to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't going to do that.
I suspect that that guy over there is Tom.
I suspect Tom and Mary are frightened.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are frightened.
I suspect Tom and Mary are frustrated.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are frustrated.
I suspect Tom and Mary are illiterate.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are illiterate.
I suspect Tom and Mary are interested.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are interested.
I suspect Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I suspect Tom and Mary are successful.
I suspect Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like you.
I suspect Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I suspect Tom and Mary have been sick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have been sick.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were surprised.
I suspect Tom doesn't have to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't have to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I suspect Tom expects me to help Mary.
I suspect that Tom expects me to help Mary.
I suspect Tom has finished doing that.
I suspect that Tom has finished doing that.
I suspect Tom is reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom isn't likely to do that.
I suspect that Tom isn't likely to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are competitive.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are competitive.
I suspect Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are discouraged.
I suspect Tom and Mary are from Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are from Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I suspect Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary need to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary need to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were astonished.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were astonished.
I suspect Tom has spent time in prison.
I suspect that Tom has spent time in prison.
I suspect Tom is determined to do that.
I suspect that Tom is determined to do that.
I suspect that Tom was the one who did that.
I suspect Tom doesn't like me very much.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me very much.
I suspect Tom is planning on doing that.
I suspect that Tom is planning on doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
I suspect Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like me much.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like me much.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't speak French.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom wears progressive lenses.
I suspect that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't often do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't often do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I suspect Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have never done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have never done that.
I suspect that Tom was the only one who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't eager to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't eager to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
I suspect that Tom wasn't the only one who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to eat together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to eat together.
I suspect Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary would be reluctant to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on eating together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on eating together.
I suspect Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I suspect Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I suspect that Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I suspect that Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I suspect Tom probably didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I suspect that Tom probably didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
I suspect that Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I suspect Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect that Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I suspect Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
I suspect Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I suspect Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
I suspect that Tom didn't leave when he was supposed to.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
I suspect Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I suspect that Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I suspect Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I suspect Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
I suspect Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
I suspect that Tom wants us to go swimming with him.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I suspect Tom and Mary studied French together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary studied French together.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I suspect Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
I suspect Tom will probably regret doing that.
I suspect that Tom will probably regret doing that.
I suspect Tom will have to do that on his own.
I suspect that Tom will have to do that on his own.
I suspect Tom will eventually want to do that.
I suspect that Tom will eventually want to do that.
I suspect Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I suspect Tom and Mary have had some problems.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have had some problems.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
I suspect Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
I suspect Tom will have to help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom will have to help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom will have to do that next week.
I suspect that Tom will have to do that next week.
I suspect Tom probably won't want to do that.
I suspect that Tom probably won't want to do that.
I suspect Tom probably won't need to do that.
I suspect that Tom probably won't need to do that.
I suspect Tom is going to want to go with us.
I suspect that Tom is going to want to go with us.
I suspect Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I suspect Tom didn't do what you said he did.
I suspect that Tom didn't do what you said he did.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
I suspect Tom will probably want to do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably want to do that.
I suspect Tom will probably need to do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably need to do that.
I suspect Tom will probably have to do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary want us to help them.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want us to help them.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are hiding something.
I suspect Tom won't go to Boston next week.
I suspect that Tom won't go to Boston next week.
I suspect Tom is going to be there tonight.
I suspect that Tom is going to be there tonight.
I suspect Tom can't speak French very well.
I suspect that Tom can't speak French very well.
I suspect Tom and Mary want to get married.
I suspect that Tom and Mary want to get married.
I suspect Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both done that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are up to something.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are up to something.
I suspect Tom will never agree to do that.
I suspect that Tom will never agree to do that.
I suspect Tom is hiding something from me.
I suspect that Tom is hiding something from me.
I suspect Tom has already left for Boston.
I suspect that Tom has already left for Boston.
I suspect Tom had nothing to do with this.
I suspect that Tom had nothing to do with this.
I suspect Tom had nothing to do with that.
I suspect that Tom had nothing to do with that.
I suspect Tom doesn't want to get married.
I suspect that Tom doesn't want to get married.
I suspect that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I suspect Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I suspect Tom isn't the one who did this.
I suspect that Tom isn't the one who did this.
I suspect Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I suspect that Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I suspect Tom is planning on being there.
I suspect that Tom is planning on being there.
I suspect Tom and Mary were disappointed.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were disappointed.
I suspect Tom and Mary did that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary did that together.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
I suspect Tom is still in love with you.
I suspect that Tom is still in love with you.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both retired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both retired.
I suspect Tom won't want to go with us.
I suspect that Tom won't want to go with us.
I suspect Tom will do whatever you ask.
I suspect that Tom will do whatever you ask.
I suspect Tom will do anything you ask.
I suspect that Tom will do anything you ask.
I suspect Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspect that Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspect Tom shouldn't have done that.
I suspect that Tom shouldn't have done that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both single.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both single.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I suspect Tom won't help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom will want to go with us.
I suspect that Tom will want to go with us.
I suspect Tom will eventually do that.
I suspect that Tom will eventually do that.
I suspect Tom is the one who did that.
I suspect that Tom is the one who did that.
I suspect Tom is planning to be there.
I suspect that Tom is planning to be there.
I suspect Tom has already left Boston.
I suspect that Tom has already left Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't want to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't want to be there.
I suspect Tom didn't need to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't need to be there.
I suspect Tom didn't have to be there.
I suspect that Tom didn't have to be there.
I suspect Tom can't understand French.
I suspect that Tom can't understand French.
I suspect Tom can't do that very well.
I suspect that Tom can't do that very well.
I suspect Tom and Mary know something.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know something.
I suspect Tom and Mary have done that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have done that.
I suspect Tom would agree to do that.
I suspect that Tom would agree to do that.
I suspect Tom won't wait much longer.
I suspect that Tom won't wait much longer.
I suspect Tom will help Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom will help Mary do that.
I suspect Tom probably won't do that.
I suspect that Tom probably won't do that.
I suspect Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I suspect that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
I suspect Tom and Mary have to leave.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have to leave.
I suspect Tom and Mary are both rich.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are both rich.
I suspect Tom won't help me do that.
I suspect that Tom won't help me do that.
I suspect Tom will probably do that.
I suspect that Tom will probably do that.
I suspect Tom will be there tonight.
I suspect that Tom will be there tonight.
I suspect Tom will be here tomorrow.
I suspect that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I suspect Tom has agreed to do that.
I suspect that Tom has agreed to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't alone.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't alone.
I suspect Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I suspect Tom and Mary are in there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are in there.
I suspect Tom and Mary are homesick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are homesick.
I suspect Tom and Mary are divorced.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I suspect Tom and Mary are confused.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are confused.
I suspect Tom and Mary are bluffing.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are bluffing.
I suspect Tom won't do that for me.
I suspect that Tom won't do that for me.
I suspect Tom will need to do that.
I suspect that Tom will need to do that.
I suspect Tom wants us to help him.
I suspect that Tom wants us to help him.
I suspect Tom wants to get married.
I suspect that Tom wants to get married.
I suspect Tom isn't doing that now.
I suspect that Tom isn't doing that now.
I suspect Tom is telling the truth.
I suspect that Tom is telling the truth.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't busy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't busy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are worried.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are worried.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sincere.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sincere.
I suspect Tom and Mary are serious.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are serious.
I suspect Tom and Mary are puzzled.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are puzzled.
I suspect Tom and Mary are pleased.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are pleased.
I suspect Tom and Mary are nervous.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are nervous.
I suspect Tom and Mary are married.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are married.
I suspect Tom and Mary are jealous.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are jealous.
I suspect Tom and Mary are healthy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are healthy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are excited.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are excited.
I suspect Tom and Mary are engaged.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I suspect Tom and Mary are curious.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are curious.
I suspect Tom and Mary are correct.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are correct.
I suspect Tom and Mary are at home.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are at home.
I suspect Tom and Mary are annoyed.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are annoyed.
I suspect Tom would never do that.
I suspect that Tom would never do that.
I suspect Tom won't want to dance.
I suspect that Tom won't want to dance.
I suspect Tom will come to Boston.
I suspect that Tom will come to Boston.
I suspect Tom may have to do that.
I suspect that Tom may have to do that.
I suspect Tom is hiding something.
I suspect that Tom is hiding something.
I suspect Tom has to go to Boston.
I suspect that Tom has to go to Boston.
I suspect Tom has lived in Boston.
I suspect that Tom has lived in Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't visit Boston.
I suspect that Tom didn't visit Boston.
I suspect Tom didn't go to Boston.
I suspect that Tom didn't go to Boston.
I suspect Tom did that on purpose.
I suspect that Tom did that on purpose.
I suspect Tom and Mary were there.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were there.
I suspect Tom and Mary were right.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were right.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I suspect Tom and Mary are scared.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are scared.
I suspect Tom and Mary are hungry.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are hungry.
I suspect Tom and Mary are guilty.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I suspect Tom and Mary are biased.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are biased.
I suspect Tom and Mary are asleep.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are asleep.
I suspect Tom and Mary are afraid.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are afraid.
I suspect Tom will never do that.
I suspect that Tom will never do that.
I suspect Tom is up to something.
I suspect that Tom is up to something.
I suspect Tom has gone to Boston.
I suspect that Tom has gone to Boston.
I suspect Tom and Mary were busy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were busy.
I suspect Tom and Mary like jazz.
I suspect that Tom and Mary like jazz.
I suspect Tom and Mary are wrong.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are wrong.
I suspect Tom and Mary are upset.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are upset.
I suspect Tom and Mary are tired.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are tired.
I suspect Tom and Mary are right.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are right.
I suspect Tom and Mary are ready.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are ready.
I suspect Tom and Mary are drunk.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are drunk.
I suspect Tom and Mary are broke.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are broke.
I suspect Tom and Mary are bored.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are bored.
I suspect Tom and Mary are blind.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are blind.
I suspect Tom and Mary are awake.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are awake.
I suspect Tom and Mary are alone.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are alone.
I suspect Tom won't wait for us.
I suspect that Tom won't wait for us.
I suspect Tom shouldn't be here.
I suspect that Tom shouldn't be here.
I suspect Tom is waiting for us.
I suspect that Tom is waiting for us.
I suspect Tom is doing that now.
I suspect that Tom is doing that now.
I suspect Tom has to leave soon.
I suspect that Tom has to leave soon.
I suspect Tom did it on purpose.
I suspect that Tom did it on purpose.
I suspect Tom and Mary are sick.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are sick.
I suspect Tom and Mary are lost.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are lost.
I suspect Tom and Mary are home.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are home.
I suspect Tom and Mary are busy.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are busy.
I suspect Tom won't believe me.
I suspect that Tom won't believe me.
I suspect Tom will wait for us.
I suspect that Tom will wait for us.
I suspect Tom was disappointed.
I suspect that Tom was disappointed.
I suspect Tom isn't happy here.
I suspect that Tom isn't happy here.
I suspect Tom is in his office.
I suspect that Tom is in his office.
I suspect Tom is in Boston now.
I suspect that Tom is in Boston now.
I suspect Tom and Mary do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary do that.
I suspect Tom won't tell Mary.
I suspect that Tom won't tell Mary.
I suspect Tom will be furious.
I suspect that Tom will be furious.
I suspect Tom knows something.
I suspect that Tom knows something.
I suspect Tom isn't in Boston.
I suspect that Tom isn't in Boston.
I suspect Tom has passed away.
I suspect that Tom has passed away.
I suspect Tom will hate this.
I suspect that Tom will hate this.
I suspect Tom is still alive.
I suspect that Tom is still alive.
I suspect Tom has lied to us.
I suspect that Tom has lied to us.
I suspect Tom didn't do this.
I suspect that Tom didn't do this.
I suspect Tom has done that.
I suspect that Tom has done that.
I suspect Tom will be back.
I suspect that Tom will be back.
I suspect Tom has to leave.
I suspect that Tom has to leave.
I suspect Tom didn't do it.
I suspect that Tom didn't do it.
I suspect Tom isn't alone.
I suspect that Tom isn't alone.
I suspect Tom is involved.
I suspect that Tom is involved.
I suspect Tom is in there.
I suspect that Tom is in there.
I suspect Tom will agree.
I suspect that Tom will agree.
I suspect Tom misses you.
I suspect that Tom misses you.
I suspect Tom lied to me.
I suspect that Tom lied to me.
I suspect Tom left early.
I suspect that Tom left early.
I suspect Tom isn't here.
I suspect that Tom isn't here.
I suspect Tom is worried.
I suspect that Tom is worried.
I suspect Tom was tired.
I suspect that Tom was tired.
I suspect Tom was there.
I suspect that Tom was there.
I suspect Tom likes you.
I suspect that Tom likes you.
I suspect Tom is nearby.
I suspect that Tom is nearby.
I suspect Tom was here.
I suspect that Tom was here.
I suspect Tom was busy.
I suspect that Tom was busy.
I suspect Tom is lying.
I suspect that Tom is lying.
I suspect Tom cheated.
I suspect that Tom cheated.
It's better to be king of your silence than slave of your words.
I suspected Tom was hiding something from me.
I suspected that Tom was hiding something from me.
I suspected Tom was planning on doing that.
I suspected that Tom was planning on doing that.
I suspected Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspected that Tom was just being sarcastic.
I suspected Tom was the one who did that.
I suspected that Tom was the one who did that.
I suspected Tom was planning to be there.
I suspected that Tom was planning to be there.
I suspected Tom was planning to do that.
I suspected that Tom was planning to do that.
I suspected Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I suspected that Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I suspected Tom was disappointed.
I suspected that Tom was disappointed.
I suspected Tom was intoxicated.
I suspected that Tom was intoxicated.
I suspected Tom was embarrassed.
I suspected that Tom was embarrassed.
I suspected Tom was discouraged.
I suspected that Tom was discouraged.
I suspected Tom was prejudiced.
I suspected that Tom was prejudiced.
I suspected Tom was interested.
I suspected that Tom was interested.
I suspected Tom was homesick.
I suspected that Tom was homesick.
I suspected Tom was confused.
I suspected that Tom was confused.
I suspected Tom was bluffing.
I suspected that Tom was bluffing.
I suspected Tom was worried.
I suspected that Tom was worried.
I suspected Tom was nervous.
I suspected that Tom was nervous.
I suspected Tom was wrong.
I suspected that Tom was wrong.
I suspected Tom was tired.
I suspected that Tom was tired.
I suspected Tom was right.
I suspected that Tom was right.
I suspected Tom was ready.
I suspected that Tom was ready.
I suspected Tom was lying.
I suspected that Tom was lying.
I suspected Tom was drunk.
I suspected that Tom was drunk.
I suspect Tom was sick.
I suspect that Tom was sick.
I suspected Tom wasn't really planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspected that Tom wasn't really planning to go to Boston with you.
I suspected Tom had gone to Boston.
I suspected that Tom had gone to Boston.
I suspected Tom had never actually ever visited Boston.
I suspected that Tom had never actually ever visited Boston.
I suspected Tom didn't really want to go to Boston.
I suspected that Tom didn't really want to go to Boston.
I suspected Tom and Mary were planning to do that together.
I suspected that Tom and Mary were planning to do that together.
I suspected Tom and Mary were planning on doing that together.
I suspected that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that together.
I suspect that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were anxious to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were afraid to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were anxious to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were afraid to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary were able to do that.
Does this restaurant have a secret menu?
The top is loose.
Those two guys are snickering at you.
Where's my order?
I need a lot more protein than a sedentary person.
Burn 800 calories in the gym. Consume 1200 calories in cheeseburgers and still hungry!
He's getting a lot stronger.
Tom is getting a lot stronger.
Tom has gotten a lot stronger.
Tom is a lot busier this week than he was last week.
If I see a box of fig bars, I'm going to grab them, run into woods, hide behind a tree, and eat the whole box.
The grapefruit-guava scented soap smells wonderful.
I like figs more than I should say.
The hunger never stops.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
I have to go through my bedtime ritual.
It's signed, sealed, and delivered.
Sami enjoyed a lavish lifestyle.
Sami was stealing from Layla's account.
Sami inherited the money from his uncle.
Sami slipped into Layla's room.
Sami took Layla's cellphone.
Sami was born and raised by Layla in his native Egypt.
Sami passed away suddenly in 2006.
Where do you go shopping?
I went to the restaurant you told me about.
Did you watch the movie I told you about?
Did you like the movie that you went to yesterday?
Sami was found brutally strangled to death in his bathroom.
Don't repeat what I told you to anybody.
Don't repeat what I told you to anyone.
Sami covered Layla's body with a towel.
I'm still looking for a part-time job.
Mr. Jackson is one of my favorite teachers.
Tom's French pronunciation is really good.
Which beach did you go to last weekend?
Sami seemed he was trying to hide something.
Tom often loses his keys.
I heard my name being called.
I sometimes go swimming with Tom.
If the weather's good tomorrow, let's have a picnic.
Tom doesn't play the guitar very well.
There's something wrong with the washing machine.
I'll be seeing Tom tomorrow.
I've just finished doing my homework.
Tom says that he's never eaten raw fish.
Tom said that he'd never eaten raw fish.
I'm sorry that I kept you waiting so long.
Sami's name never came up in the investigation.
Sami was a very violent person.
Sami panicked when detectives came to his door.
Sami wanted to tell the truth.
Sami went out clubbing.
Both of Tom's uncles live in Boston.
Tom and I walk to school together every morning.
I enjoyed myself at the party.
Tom made this bookcase.
Tom made this bookcase by himself.
This car isn't mine.
Please wait here for Tom.
I'm sure that Tom will be here soon.
I'm taller than Tom is.
How far is your house from your school?
Tom went to Australia last year.
I waited for Tom until 2:30.
How much beer did you drink last night?
It's likely to be cold tomorrow.
I'm not sure where Tom has gone.
Tom was very late for school this morning.
This is the oldest restaurant in Boston.
Tom was upset because nobody thanked him.
Playing volleyball is a lot of fun.
Would you mind if I closed the windows?
I don't feel like studying tonight.
I don't remember whether I locked the door or not.
I don't remember if I locked the door or not.
Please remember to lock the door.
Did you remember to lock to door?
Please remember to turn off the light.
Please remember to turn off the lights.
Did you remember to turn off the light?
Don't forget to turn off the light.
How far is it from here to the airport?
Your French pronunciation is really good.
You should've come earlier.
Tom may have missed his train.
Tom may have missed his bus.
You should've gone to the beach with us.
How far is your house from here?
Would you mind opening the door for me?
Could you please open the door for me?
I know someone who can speak French.
I know somebody who can speak French.
I know a guy who's good at playing the guitar.
Sami was back in hell.
Sami always smiled.
Sami had a rough childhood.
Hanging out with Tom was a lot of fun.
I had fun hanging out with Tom last weekend.
When's the last time you hung out with Tom?
Do you often hang out with Tom?
Tom and Mary often hang out together.
Tom and I used to hang out together.
Let's hang out together.
Let's hang out together next weekend.
Where does Tom usually hang out?
Where do you and Tom usually hang out?
Tom was the only one who could answer the question.
Tom was the only one who could do that.
That's the reason I don't want to do that.
That's why I don't want to do that.
Sami is a go-for-it type of person.
If I had time, I'd do that.
I'd like to live here.
I wish I had a motorcycle.
Tom suggested that we go to the park.
Tom suggested that we should all go to the beach tomorrow.
When did you buy that?
Tom works for a non-profit organization.
Let me start by introducing myself.
Let's start by introducing ourselves.
Sami was picking his nose all the time.
Sami has a Youtube channel.
If I had only one smile, I would give it to you.
He's so hungry in the morning.
It's 10 o'clock, do you know where your children are?
Can you make copies?
I got up too early.
I have a secret stash of guacamole hidden in the fridge.
He worships guacamole. His son hummus.
Try to reign it in.
She's been very busy all week.
If the master is not present, the slave does not work.
Did it ring?
At that moment the phone rang.
When the ship sails, the captain looks toward the land.
The bells have rung.
Wisdom is the supreme goal.
It doesn't match the Latin one.
Tom has been very busy all week.
Tom has had a very busy week.
Tom is going to be very happy that he didn't do that.
Tom will be very happy that he didn't do that.
I'm sorry you got dragged into all this.
It works perfectly. You just don't know how to use it.
I could tell that Tom wasn't pleased.
The Netherlands exploit wind as an energy source.
Why can't you just accept that?
I'm never going to be like Mary. Why can't you just accept that?
The Bachelor is a dating reality TV show.
Tom is a high-roller.
There's a black SUV parked in front of Tom's house.
There's a white van parked in front of your house.
He sounded genuinely concerned.
She sounded genuinely concerned.
I'm sorry you got dragged into this mess.
I would never stab you in the back.
It was a ruse.
Tom had suspected that it was a ruse.
It was naught but a ruse.
Tom was too upset to speak.
She was too upset to speak.
Clothes were strewn all over the floor.
I could tell Tom wasn't pleased.
Tom is the best in the business.
Please wait over there.
I would've done anything in the world to help Tom.
I really hate it when you call me that.
No one is ever going to love me.
No one will dance with me.
What's Tom doing here? I thought he was in Boston.
Don't worry. You'll meet someone.
Tom helps his father out on the farm.
Mary quickly looked away and blushed.
Tom quickly looked away and blushed.
You're not suggesting Tom could've done it, are you?
You were the only one who could've helped us.
You could've trusted me.
You could've told me.
You could've killed me, but you didn't.
You could've drowned.
You could've done it.
You could've come to me.
You could've been happy.
With a little more patience, you could've succeeded.
Who could've done such a thing to Tom?
Under different circumstances, their friendship could've developed into something more.
Tom wondered what could've made Mary change her mind.
Tom wished that his friendship with Mary could've developed into something more.
Tom told Mary all the things John didn't do that he could've done.
Tom thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom looked like he didn't have a care in the world, but nothing could've been further from the truth.
Tom is the only person who could've stolen Mary's necklace.
Tom doesn't understand how that could've happened.
Tom could've very easily waited for us.
Tom could've told Mary the truth, but he chose not to.
Tom could've survived if the ambulance had arrived a little sooner.
Tom could've said it for all I knew.
Tom could've phrased his answer more politely.
Tom could've paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
Tom could've gone to the dance with Mary, but he didn't.
Tom could've gone camping with you if you'd let him know you were going.
Tom could've done better if he had had more time.
Tom could have done better if he'd had more time.
Tom could've dealt with the problem in a better way.
Tom could've come yesterday, but he didn't.
Tom could've come to my concert, but he didn't.
Think of how much worse it could've been if Tom hadn't been there.
There's no way that Tom could've stolen the money without being seen.
There was nothing we could've done.
There was nothing anyone could've done.
The play was a lot of fun. I wish you could've been there.
The only person who could've done this is Tom.
Nothing could've prepared Tom for what was about to happen.
No one but you could've done it this well.
Neither of us could've done it alone.
Let's not forget we never could've done this without Tom's help.
It's more than we could've hoped for.
It hurt so much I could've screamed, but I gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain.
It could've been you.
It could've been anyone.
It could've been any one of us.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could've succeeded.
If I'd known that you were sick, I could've visited you in the hospital.
If I'd had enough money, I could've bought it.
If I'd been with you, I could've helped you.
If I'd been a bird, I could've flown to you.
If I could've spoken French better, I might've gotten that job.
I wish you could've come with me.
I wish that I could've spent more time with my father before he died.
I wish I could've spoken more French.
I wish I could've spoken French.
I wish I could've been more help.
I think we played as well as we could've.
I suppose it could've been Tom who ate my ham sandwich.
I don't understand what could've happened.
I don't understand how this could've happened.
I don't know what could've happened to it.
I don't believe that Tom could've said such a thing.
I could've won the race if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I could've used that.
I could've sworn that I saw Tom downtown today.
I could've sworn something moved.
I could've sworn I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I could've sworn I saw somebody.
I could've sworn I heard Tom's voice.
I could've stopped Tom, but I didn't.
I could've stayed a while longer, but I was getting tired, so I decided to leave.
I could've saved Tom's life.
I could've prevented this.
I could've prevented this from happening.
I could've picked a better time.
I could've lost my job.
I could've killed you, but I didn't.
I could've helped.
I could've helped you with your work.
I could've handled it without Tom's help.
I could've gone to college, but I decided not to.
I could've done it without your help.
I could've done it faster by myself.
I could've done it by myself.
I could've done better if I'd had more time.
I could've died tonight.
I could've been killed.
I could've been hurt.
I could've been happy if Tom had stayed.
I could've been a star.
I can't see how anyone could've accomplished this without some help.
Anyone could've made it.
Your mother would've been very proud of you.
Your father would've been very proud of you.
You're the last person I would've expected to see here.
You'd think that would've impressed Tom.
You would've gotten away with it if Tom hadn't seen you do it.
Without your help, Tom would've failed.
Without your help, Tom would have failed.
Without your help, I would've failed.
Without your help, I would've drowned.
Without your help, I would've been unable to do it.
Without your assistance, I would've failed.
Without water, the soldiers would've died.
Without Tom's help, Mary would've failed.
Without Tom's advice, Mary would've failed.
With a little more patience, you would've succeeded.
Who would've thought Tom would change?
Who would've dreamed that Tom would ever graduate?
We would've helped them.
We would've had fun if we'd gone to the party.
We never would've allowed Tom to go there by himself.
We never would've allowed Tom to do that.
We never would've allowed it.
Tom would've told us.
Tom would've told me.
Tom would've missed the train if he'd stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom would've liked to attend Mary's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom would've failed without your help.
Tom would've eaten more if he hadn't been sick.
Tom would've become a boxer if his mother had let him.
Tom would've apologized to Mary if he'd thought it was important.
Tom wondered what his life would've been like if he'd married Mary.
Tom can't help wondering whether he would've been better off if he'd gone to college.
Three years ago something like this never would've happened.
Three years ago something like this would've never happened.
They would've gotten a better exchange rate if they'd gone to a bank.
They would've been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would've exploded.
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.
Monday would've been Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Last century they would've just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
It would've been unbearable.
It would've been nice if you'd helped me a little.
It would've been nice if Tom had listened to what I said more carefully.
It would've been fun.
It would've been better if you hadn't gone there.
Isn't that what you would've done?
Instead of giving each other Christmas presents this year, we donated the amount we would've spent on presents to a charity.
If you'd told me earlier, I would've dressed up.
If you'd studied harder, you would've passed the examination.
If you'd stuck around, you would've had a lot of fun.
If you'd stayed here, you would've had a very good time.
If you'd parked your car here, you would've been fined.
If you'd left earlier, you would've caught the train.
If you'd left a little earlier, you would've avoided the heavy traffic.
If you'd helped me, I would've succeeded.
If you'd called me, I would've come to help you.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would've succeeded.
If you'd asked me to marry you, I would've said yes.
If you hadn't helped me, I would've failed.
If you hadn't had my advice, you would've failed.
If you hadn't done it, someone else would've.
If we hadn't lost our way, we would've been here sooner.
If Tom really had wanted to do that, he would've.
If Tom had seen anything, he would've told us.
If Tom had had enough money, he would've gone to Boston with Mary.
If Tom had been speaking French, I would've been able to understand him.
If they'd left a little earlier, they would've avoided the traffic jam.
If the weather had been nice yesterday, we would've gone to the zoo.
If something had happened last night, I think I would've heard it.
If only you had helped me yesterday, the problem would've been avoided.
If my mother were still alive, she would've helped me.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I would've asked for it.
If I'd wanted your help, I would've asked for it.
If I'd left a little earlier, I would've caught the last train.
If I'd known, I would've told you.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would've called you.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would've written him a letter.
If I'd known Tom's address, I'd have written him a letter.
If I'd known about it, I would've told you.
If I'd had more time, I would've written to you.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought the book.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that computer.
If I'd had a little more money, I would've bought it.
If I wanted your help, I would've asked you for it.
If I hadn't overslept, I would've been in time for school.
I would've written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
I would've liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
I would've liked it if you'd come with us.
I would've failed without Tom's help.
Without Tom's help, I would've failed.
I would've done it at that time.
I would've bought that car if I'd had the money.
I would've been happier if I had stayed there.
I was ill, otherwise I would've attended the meeting.
I thought Tom would've remembered today's meeting.
I thought Tom would've found Mary by now.
I thought Tom would've forgotten me by now.
I thought Tom and Mary would've forgotten me by now.
I think Tom would've liked that.
I think I would've heard gunshots if there had been any.
I never would've thought that I'd meet you here.
How many people would've done that?
Had they known what was about to happen, they would've changed their plans.
If they'd known what was about to happen, they would've changed their plans.
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would've been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.
Anyone would've done the same thing.
Anybody else would've done the same thing.
Anyone else would've done the same thing.
All you had to do was ask and I would've lent you as much money as you needed.
All you had to do was ask and I would've helped you.
A true friend would've acted differently.
A more experienced lawyer would've dealt with the case in a different way.
This is so typical of you, Tom.
Tom is a technophobe.
If you'd parked your car here, you'd have been fined.
Tom is a vegan.
Tom's dog died last night.
When it comes to dogs, I should bribe them more often.
Aeolus spoke thus in reply: "It is yours, O queen, to express what you wish; my task is to obey your commands. You grant me control over this kingdom, such as it is, the scepters and Jupiter; you allow me to recline at the feasts of the gods, and to hold the power of the clouds and the storms."
Tom is in the driveway honking his horn.
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.
I can't stop eating figs.
I know I should've stayed with you.
Fire all guns when the enemy comes into range.
I found a nickel in between the couch cushions.
What extactly is that?
When he had said these things, he struck with reversed spear the side of the hollow mountain, and the winds, as a single column, race through the offered gate and blast the lands with a tornado.
Is anybody awake?
Don't eat so fast.
The book fell from the shelf.
I heard several gunshots next door and immediately called the police.
I wonder if my boss is happy with my progress.
The song blows.
Sami has met a woman he's going to marry.
Sami has met a woman he's going to marry.
Sami raped Layla again.
Sami never returned my phone calls.
Sami's corpse was badly decomposed.
Sami took part in his mother's murder.
She's goddaughter.
Sami was a juvenile at the time of the murder.
Sami will never ever get out of prison.
Is our appointment today or tomorrow?
When does the next train for Shanghai depart?
You should've worked harder.
You should've woken me up.
You should've Tom do that for you.
You should've Tom arrested.
You should've told me that you wanted me to come alone.
You should've told me that before.
You should've told me in advance.
You should've told me about the problem sooner.
You should've told me a long time ago.
You should've thrown that picture away.
You should've telephoned in advance.
You should've taken all that into consideration.
You should've stood up.
You should've stayed in the car.
You should've spoken more politely.
You should've seen it.
You should've said so at that time.
You should've repaired it right away.
You should've paid more attention in physics class.
You should've left Tom alone.
You should've left half an hour earlier.
You should've learned how to swim when you were young.
You should've knocked before you came in.
You should've killed me when you had the chance.
You should've kept it secret.
You should've introduced yourself.
You should've enrolled your children months ago.
You should've eaten more fruit.
You should've done so.
You should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
You should've consulted your lawyer.
You should've consulted me first.
You should've completed it long ago.
You should've come to us.
You should've come a little earlier.
You should've been more prudent.
You should've been more careful.
You should've been at the party last night. It was a lot of fun.
You should've attended today's meeting.
You should've attended the meeting.
You should've attended the meeting in person.
We should've taken the schedule into consideration.
We should've stopped while we had the chance.
We should've phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We should've paid attention to the announcement.
We should've gotten married.
We should've gone on a day that wasn't so hot.
We should've done that.
We should've been more careful.
Tom should've told me earlier.
Tom should've told Mary the truth.
Tom should've told Mary right away that he wasn't single.
Tom should've purchased flood insurance.
Tom should've paid Mary.
Tom should've paid attention to what Mary said.
Tom should've made up his mind by now.
Tom should've listened to Mary more carefully.
Tom should've known better than to trust Mary.
Tom should've known better than to lend money to Mary.
Tom should've known better than to kiss Mary in public.
Tom should've known better than to get involved with Mary.
Tom should've known better than to call Mary after midnight.
Tom should've known better than to believe Mary.
Tom should've invited Mary, but he didn't.
Tom should've helped Mary move the sofa.
Tom should've handled the situation differently.
Tom should've gone to the dentist yesterday.
Tom should've done things differently.
Tom should've done it the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom should've discussed the matter with me.
Tom should've discussed it with his parents.
Tom should've been ready at least an hour ago.
Tom should've been punished in this case.
Tom should've been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
Tom should've apologized to Mary.
Tom should've already eaten by now.
Tom said more than he should've.
Tom realized right away that he should've worn a heavier coat.
Tom realized right away he should've worn a heavier coat.
Tom never should've gone there by himself.
Tom never should've eaten those oysters.
Tom is worried because he should've heard from Mary by now.
Tom didn't read the contract as carefully as he should've.
Tom didn't read everything as carefully as he should've.
Tom certainly should've kept his promise.
They should've known better.
They should've intervened.
The show was wonderful. You should've seen it.
The party was fun. You should've come, too.
My teacher told me that I should've spent more time preparing my speech.
My teacher told me that I should've spent more time preparing my presentation.
Maybe I should've spoken with Tom.
It was a nice party. You should've come, too.
In retrospect, I should've known that it was a scam.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should've heard from Tom by now.
I trusted Tom more than I should've.
I thought about telling Tom, and I should've.
I think we should've Tom do that for us.
I think we arrived earlier than we should've.
I think we all should've been more careful.
I should've written this letter yesterday.
I should've told you everything earlier.
I should've told you before.
I should've told someone.
I should've talked to you first about it.
I should've taken the money.
I should've stayed out of it.
I should've reported it to the police, but I didn't.
I should've read the signs.
I should've paid more attention to the signs.
I should've paid more attention in biology class.
I should've looked more carefully.
I should've let you know sooner.
I should've left the camera battery recharging.
I should've known they would betray me.
I should've gone to bed earlier last night.
I should've done this years ago.
I should've done this weeks ago.
I should've brought a lunch.
I should've been watching more carefully.
I really should've called.
I probably should've said something.
I know I should've said something, but I didn't know what to say.
I guess I should've read it more carefully.
I guess I should've known Tom wasn't going to help.
What do I need one for if I have you?
I would've arrived earlier if there hadn't been a traffic jam on Park Street.
If Tom had been a little more patient, he would've been able to do that.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would've been able to do that.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would've been able to do that.
If I'd known what was about to happen, I would've gotten out of there.
If Tom hadn't been working last weekend, he would've gone fishing.
If I'd had enough money, I would've bought that painting for you.
If you'd left home a little earlier you would've been on time.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would've succeeded.
I would've bought that if the price had been a little lower.
You could've done that if you'd had a little more patience.
I should've known better than to call Tom so late at night.
If I'd had more money, I would've bought a better bicycle.
If Tom really liked me, he would've called me last night.
Do you have any idea where Tom could've hidden the money?
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Australia.
If Tom had left at 2:30, he would've gotten here by now.
If Tom had studied harder, he would've passed the test.
If Tom had studied harder, he would've passed the exam.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would've visited Mary.
If Tom had told me the truth, I would've forgiven him.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would've helped Mary.
If I'd known about the meeting, I would've been there.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would've written to him.
Tom did a lot for us, but he could've done much more.
It would've been better if you'd stayed in Australia.
If you'd helped me, I could've done that much faster.
If you'd come a little earlier, you could've met Tom.
With a little more patience, you could've done that.
It would've been better if Tom had stayed in Boston.
If Tom had known about the party, he would've come.
If I'd wanted your advice, I would've asked for it.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would've visited him.
If I'd known Tom's address, I could've visited him.
You should've told Tom about it while he was here.
You should've known better than to lend Tom money.
With a little more effort, Tom would've succeeded.
With a little more effort, Tom could've succeeded.
It would've been better if you'd stayed in Boston.
If we'd left by 2:30, we could've arrived on time.
I'm the only other person who should've done that.
I wish I could've persuaded Tom to do that for us.
You should've accepted the money Tom offered you.
If I hadn't had this map, I would've gotten lost.
I'm the only other person who could've done that.
Without your encouragement, I would've given up.
It would've been better if you hadn't said that.
It would've been better if you hadn't done that.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't done that.
If you'd helped me, I would've finished earlier.
I wonder what could've made Tom change his mind.
You should've bought Tom a more expensive gift.
You should've paid attention to Tom's warning.
Without your help, Tom would've probably died.
You should've listened to Tom more carefully.
You should've known better than to trust Tom.
It would've been wiser not to have done that.
If Tom had had time, he would've visited us.
I'm the only person who should've done that.
I don't think Tom would've done that for me.
I wish I could've persuaded Tom to join us.
I wish I could've persuaded Tom to do that.
Tom would've probably noticed the mistake.
If I'd had the time, I would've done that.
If you'd helped me, I could've done that.
I'm the only one who should've done that.
You should've done that a long time ago.
If I'd had time, I would've visited Tom.
I'm the only one who could've done that.
Without your help, I would've given up.
Without your advice, I would've failed.
Tom should've finished doing that by now.
If Tom hadn't done that, Mary would've.
We should've quit while we were ahead.
Tom would've probably offered to help.
I wish Tom could've done that with us.
Tom's plane should've arrived by now.
Tom should've been back by this time.
I wish you could've seen Tom do that.
If Tom hadn't done that, I would've.
I wish you could've seen Tom dance.
Tom and I should've worked harder.
You should've refused that offer.
You should've helped Tom do that.
You should've asked Tom for help.
Tom should've refused that offer.
You should've told me that sooner.
You should've asked us for help.
You should've asked me for help.
We should've told Tom the truth.
We should've refused to do that.
Tom would've probably done that.
Tom should've told me the truth.
You should've warned me sooner.
I should've brought a sandwich.
You should've been a lawyer.
Tom should've told me.
Tom doesn't have any goats. He only has sheep.
How many sheep does Tom have?
How many of your cousins live in Boston?
Tom and I are driving to Boston next weekend. Would you like to go with us?
Have you ever eaten horse meat?
What do you think is the most dangerous animal?
You should've told me that sooner.
You should've told me right away.
You should've told me about that yesterday.
You should've told me that you weren't happy.
You should've said no.
You should've given Tom another chance.
You should've never doubted me.
You should've waited until we got here before you started eating.
The atheist is confused.
Sami was as white as a sheet.
I'm probably not the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm not likely to be finished doing that before Monday afternoon.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he wouldn't have been injured.
I'm probably not the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who'll volunteer to help Tom do that.
You're the only person I know besides myself who likes to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom that he should learn how to do that.
If I'd known what was about to happen, I wouldn't have done that.
I'm not the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
You're the only person I know besides Tom who likes to do that.
Sami hit Layla with a floor lamp.
I'm starting to get a bit worried because Tom should have arrived by now.
Sami was dating an Egyptian girl.
Sami revealed his dirty little secret.
Tom felt the pangs of hunger.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
She's a good driver.
The gym was empty.
Sideburns mismanaged. Forgetting to wash hair. Mind wandering. Yep, you're a total nerd.
Napping is a low impact exercise.
I already know what I'm going to do.
Tom is the CEO and founder of ABC inc.
Tom's paper was published in a peer-reviewed journal.
The largest marine sanctuary is located in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
This marine conservation area is home to many rare and endangered species such as the green sea turtle and the Hawaiian monk seal.
The Arctic Ocean is the smallest of the world's five ocean basins.
With an area of about 5.4 million square miles, the Arctic Ocean is about 1.5 times as big as the United States. It is bordered by Greenland, Canada, Norway, Alaska, and Russia.
The average depth of the Arctic Ocean is 12,000 feet and it is 17,850 feet at its deepest point.
The Arctic Ocean is almost completely covered with ice for the majority of the year and its average temperature seldom rises above freezing.
Tunnels within sea ice called brine channels house bacteria and algae that feed flatworms and other tunnel-dwelling creatures.
When the creatures below the ice die, they sink to the bottom of the ocean and provide nutrients for sponges, sea anemones, and other bottom dwelling creatures.
The Bermuda Triangle is a region in the western part of the North Atlantic Ocean in which ships, planes, and people are alleged to have mysteriously vanished.
What is it? You don't look happy.
Some speculate that unknown and mysterious forces account for the unexplained disappearances within the Bermuda Triangle, such as extraterrestrials capturing humans for study; the influence of the lost continent of Atlantis; vortices that suck objects into other dimensions; and other whimsical ideas.
Melting ice forms ponds on top of the ice that develop into biological communities.
Watching TV was the leisure activity that occupied the most time (2.7 hours per day), accounting for just over half of leisure time, on average, for those age 15 and over.
The amount of time people spent watching TV varied by age. Those ages 15 to 44 spent the least amount of time watching TV, averaging around 2.0 hours per day, and those ages 65 and over spent the most time watching TV, averaging over 4.0 hours per day.
Socializing and communicating, such as visiting with friends or attending or hosting social events, accounted for an average of 39 minutes per day, and was the next most common leisure activity after watching TV.
Adults living in households with children under age 6 spent an average of 2.1 hours per day providing primary childcare to household children.
In 2016, on days they worked, 22 percent of employed persons did some or all of their work at home, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today.
Marine sanctuary managers use a combination of science, education, and enforcement to protect marine life
The majority of Atlantic tropical storms and hurricanes pass through the Bermuda Triangle, and in the days prior to improved weather forecasting, these dangerous storms claimed many ships. Also, the Gulf Stream can cause rapid, sometimes violent, changes in weather.
The large number of islands in the Caribbean Sea creates many areas of shallow water that can be treacherous to ship navigation.
The ocean has always been a mysterious place to humans, and when foul weather or poor navigation is involved, it can be a very deadly place.
There is no evidence that mysterious disappearances occur with any greater frequency in the Bermuda Triangle than in any other large, well-traveled area of the ocean.
There are about twice as many coral species in Pacific Ocean reefs as in Atlantic Ocean reefs.
The Chesapeake Bay is the largest estuary in the United States.
The estuary and its network of streams, creeks, and rivers hold tremendous ecological, cultural, economic, historic, and recreational value for the region.
More than 250 fish species use the Chesapeake Bay and tributaries for some portion of their life cycles, including American and hickory shad, river herring, striped bass, eel, weakfish, bluefish, flounder, oysters, and blue crabs. More than 300 migratory bird species can also be found in the watershed.
Seabirds are impacted by a variety of human-related activities including oil spills, fisheries interactions, contaminants, disturbances, and habitat destruction.
Have you never even wondered what it would be like for us to be together?
Has it ever crossed your mind?
Explorer Ferdinand Magellan named the Pacific Ocean in the 16th Century.
Tom pulled Mary into his arms and kissed her.
Covering approximately 59 million square miles and containing more than half of the free water on Earth, the Pacific is by far the largest of the world's ocean basins.
Wind and weather conditions on the Great Lakes may create a seiche, an oscillating wave which can be several feet high.
During the fall, the skies come alive as one million ducks, geese, and swans return to overwinter on the Chesapeake.
In 1519, Portuguese navigator Ferdinand Magellan, in the employ of Spain, began a journey across the Atlantic Ocean to seek a western route to the Spice Islands via South America.
Tell me you still love me.
After braving perilous seas and navigating through what are now known as the Straits of Magellan, Magellan's small fleet entered an unfamiliar ocean in Nov. 1520. He called this body of water pacific, due to the calmness of the water at the time ('pacific' means peaceful).
When Magellan and his crew entered the Pacific Ocean after their long journey, they thought that the Spice Islands were close at hand. Little did they know that their destination remained thousands of miles away. The explorers had ventured into the largest ocean on Earth.
The Atlantic Ocean covers an area of approximately 41,105,000 square miles.
Covering approximately 59 million square miles and containing more than half of the free water on Earth, the Pacific is by far the largest of the world's ocean basins.
Tom put some red satin sheets on his bed.
The Atlantic Ocean borders the east coast of the U.S., while the Pacific borders the U.S. West Coast.
The Atlantic Ocean is only slightly larger than half the size of the Pacific Ocean.
I have never loved anyone but you.
I have never loved anyone but Mary.
I have never loved anyone but Tom.
It seems like we've known each other for a long time even though it's only been a few days.
The Atlantic Ocean derives its name from the Greek god Atlas.
All of the world's continents could fit into the Pacific basin!
A moat surrounds the castle.
Sunlight streamed in through the windows.
Can't you see I'm busy here?
The unthinkable happened.
Do you think that Tom will ask you to the dance?
The Sargasso Sea, located entirely within the Atlantic Ocean, is the only sea without a land boundary.
Mats of free-floating sargassum, a common seaweed found in the Sargasso Sea, provide shelter and habitat to many animals.
I have no recollection of how I got there.
He was determined to win her heart.
Tom was determined to win Mary's heart.
She had no recollection of how she got there.
He had no recollection of how he got there.
He was determined to win her love.
Tom had no recollection of how he got there.
The Sargasso Sea is a vast patch of ocean named for a genus of free-floating seaweed called Sargassum.
Tom searched his memory.
Tom is the only man I've ever loved.
I'd be lying if I said no.
Are you okay with this?
Guess what's for dinner.
Mary is the only woman I've ever loved.
What was your heart rate?
Eat figs for your health.
While there are many different types of algae found floating in the ocean all around world, the Sargasso Sea is unique in that it harbors species of sargassum that are holopelagic. This means that the algae not only freely floats around the ocean, but it reproduces vegetatively on the high seas. Other seaweeds reproduce and begin life on the floor of the ocean.
A moose licked Tom's face while he was sleeping.
Sargassum provides a home to an amazing variety of marine species.
Turtles use sargassum mats as nurseries where hatchlings have food and shelter.
Do you have any last words?
It's not all it's cracked up to be.
It's nice and toasty in here.
Sargassum provides essential habitat for shrimp, crab, fish, and other marine species that have adapted specifically to this floating algae.
The Sargasso Sea is a spawning site for threatened and endangered eels, as well as white marlin, porbeagle shark, and dolphinfish.
Humpback whales migrate annually through the Sargasso Sea.
Tom had to wear a neck brace after Mary pushed him down the stairs.
While all other seas in the world are defined at least in part by land boundaries, the Sargasso Sea is defined only by ocean currents. It lies within the Northern Atlantic Subtropical Gyre.
Tom began overeating due to stress and quickly gained five pounds.
Would you help me plant these?
Plants need sunshine and water.
I got distracted by thinking about the world's best drummers this morning and forgot to wash my hair. Luckily I was able wash it at work with hand soap.
I washed my hair this morning.
I haven't washed my hair in a week.
I wash my hair every time I take a shower.
Tooth enamel is the hardest substance in your body.
Would you help me plant these seeds?
Tooth enamel is mostly composed of hydroxyapatite.
Would you help me plant these bulbs?
It doesn't look like I'm going to be able to finish doing that before Monday afternoon.
There are several reasons why I don't want to do that.
Most of the houses on this block were built in 2013.
The house is not as big as I would have liked.
When does the last train to Boston depart?
Thank you very much for all your support.
When is the next train to Boston?
What time does the next train to Boston leave?
I should go to sleep.
What is for dinner tomorrow?
She always shows up for taco Tuesdays.
I pulled a muscle in my right leg while lifting weights.
I have a glass of milk after every workout.
I said no GMO!
Can you help me replant this shrub?
Tom was being bullied at school.
We should help each other in times of need.
Nobody will dance with me.
Tom is making a paper airplane.
This is a map of Boston.
Maybe Tom will go with us.
Where did you meet Tom?
There are a couple of very tall trees in our backyard.
Is this your textbook or mine?
Tom doesn't like Mondays.
What day of the month is it?
That book you lent me was really interesting.
All the girls in Tom's class are in love with him.
Tom thinks Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
Where can we get together?
There is no substitute for this.
In your quiet moments, do you think about drinking heavy cream without coffee?
Dreams may be purchased only while sleeping.
The first rule of gym club is: you do not talk about gym club.
Tom likes to steal rare editions from libraries.
Not in a million years!
Tom is friends with Jeff.
I have to help Tom do something tomorrow morning.
Tom asked me to help him split firewood.
Mr. Jackson is a good teacher.
I made this whistle myself.
Tom's house is near the river.
I desperately need your help.
There's no one in the living room.
You accused him of lying.
I can't find my ticket. I must've lost it.
I must've been out of my mind.
I must've been pretty tired.
I must've blacked out.
I must've caught a cold.
I must've fallen asleep.
I must've left it on the bus.
I must've lost it.
I must've lost my key along the way.
I must've lost my purse in the supermarket.
I must've made a mistake somewhere.
I must've misunderstood.
I must've nodded off.
I must've parked my car elsewhere.
I must've passed out.
I must've tried on everything in the shop, but nothing looked right on me.
I'm sorry, sir. There must've been some mistake.
I'm sure it must've been very disturbing.
It looks like I must've dozed off.
It must've been a shock to you.
It must've been broken during shipping.
It must've been difficult for Tom to do that.
It must've been tough for you.
It must've been very difficult for Tom.
It must've been very difficult for you.
It must've cost a fortune.
It must've rained during the night.
Somebody must've made some kind of mistake.
Somebody must've seen something.
Someone must've left it there.
Someone must've left the door open.
Someone must've left the water running.
Someone must've planted them.
Someone must've taken my umbrella by mistake.
Something must've gone wrong.
Something must've happened down there.
Something must've happened in Boston. Tom seems really depressed.
Sorry, I must've dialed the wrong number.
That must've been terrible.
That must've taken place while I was away.
The plants must've died because no one watered them.
The theft must've been an inside job.
There must've been a large audience at the concert.
There must've been a tacit understanding between them.
They must've been tired.
They must've failed.
They must've found out about what happened.
They must've found out who I was.
They must've had an accident.
They must've known it all along.
They must've made a mistake.
They think that Tom must've killed Mary and then killed himself.
Tom must've been at home at that time.
Tom must've driven Mary's car last night.
Tom must've drunk too much last night.
Tom must've had a reason for being late.
Tom must've heard about what happened.
Tom must've pushed the wrong button.
Tom must've seen Mary this afternoon.
Tom must've seen Mary when he visited Boston.
Tom must've seen me.
Tom must've seen us.
Tom must've seen where Mary went.
Tom must've spent a fortune on his new house.
Tom must've spent a fortune.
Tom must've told Mary about John by now.
We must've missed something.
What a nice car you have! You must've paid a lot for it.
You must've been bored to death.
You must've been furious when Tom quit without notice.
You must've dropped them.
You must've lost them.
You must've seen them there.
I can smell Mary's perfume. I think she must've been here earlier.
Mary must've been very pretty when she was young.
Mary must've been very beautiful when she was young.
Tom sure ate a lot. He must've been hungry.
Tom hasn't come yet. He must've missed the bus.
Tom must've been very young when he wrote this song.
Tom must've finished doing that yesterday.
Tom's car isn't here, so he must've already left.
Tom died laughing.
I am not insolent towards them.
Translating is an academic profession.
The children served their mother breakfast in bed.
Tom is the new guy at work.
Tom likes to gamble on horses.
Tom got diabetes from eating too much ice cream.
Tom likes to go fishing on the weekends.
The dog can be saved from its injuries.
There are a few forms to fill out.
We stock the lake with fish.
It's so bizarre that one day my boyfriend wants to break up, and then a week later he tells me he wants to marry me.
It's so bizarre that one day my boyfriend wants to break up, and then a week later he tells me he wants to marry me.
They press down upon the sea and stir it up from the lowest depths, East and South and Southwest winds as one, thick with tempests, they roll the vast waves to the shores. There follows the shouting of men and the shrieking of ropes.
"Why do you always do that?" "Do what?"
Figure skater Yuna Kim lit the Olympic cauldron, officially opening the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympic Winter Games.
The meadow was filled with wildflowers.
Tom was the tallest student among his classmates.
Tom has permission to do that.
Tom might do that now.
Please be home by three o'clock.
Tom took his cap off.
Put on your clothes.
Put your clothes on.
We're going to start at 2:30.
Buying jewelry for Valentines Day gifts is difficult.
Don't leave him alone with that bag of dried figs.
This anti-barking collar sprays citronella into the dog's face when the microphone detects barking.
All systems are operational.
Tom had a long day.
The dog greeted me by running up at full speed and ramming her two front paws into my lower abdomen.
What a sweet puppy!
Turtles hibernate.
We caught tadpoles and put them in jars.
The soup was watery.
Tom has his own blog.
He's still hungry after all that food.
The moon looks amazing tonight.
I'm getting eczema on my hands again.
He's an architect's architect.
Do you think dogs would make good writers or would cats be better at the craft?
The novel is written from the perspective of the protagonist's dog.
There's a difference but you can't see it.
Were the police involved?
Smelling your own or other's farts is a type of forensic investigation that I don't want to be involved in.
Good timing.
How do you measure that?
I spilled coffee on my pants.
Tom sneezed all over Mary's monitor and keyboard.
I have two questions.
Who is the brains of this operation?
It's nice to be alone.
We like you.
They like to be alone.
Tom and I enjoy taking walks together.
They don't have to be here.
I love being here.
I love hanging out with you guys.
You need to take better care of yourself.
Drink a lot of water.
I anticipated that would happen.
I'm on my way home.
Take notes.
I detest Ayn Rand. She rejected altruism, but in her last years, she was on social security and medicare. What a colossal idiot!
Dolphins are well known to prevent humans from drowning and to protect humans from shark attacks.
What language are you studying?
Tom is a hero of the nation.
Mary's family is highly dysfunctional.
How does the engineer always fall into the trap of over-engineering?
Pick up a bag of oranges at the supermarket.
How did Mikhail Koshkin design the T-34 tank to be the best in the world?
Can I place this here?
He's full of it.
What kind of world would it be if we could only ask questions?
That particular skill will only be needed for a couple of decades before it is completely automated.
Tom's rage boiled.
The juice boxes are for the children.
We don't have time to do that today.
We shouldn't have wasted our time doing that.
The reasons Tom gave for doing that weren't very good.
Nobody forced me to do that.
No one forced me to do that.
I wasn't forced to do that.
Sami's body was badly decomposed.
Sami's body was never found.
Sami's body was identified.
Sami pushed Layla off the bridge.
Sami died after being pushed off the bridge.
Sami stood trial first.
Sami died a horrible death.
Sami blamed Layla for the murders.
Sami made a sexual advance to Layla.
Sami had it wrong.
Sami suggested it.
Sami said he was beaten.
We get used to anything.
Sami was called to the stand.
Sami insisted that he was innocent of murder.
Sami went to his car.
Sami began beating Layla.
Let them fight it out.
Sami was a man without compassion.
Sami stood in front of the jury.
My stomach is churning.
Sami smoked some marijuana.
I have not eaten wheat in two months.
Sami confessed to his role in the crime.
Sami testified for the state.
Sami was later sentenced to death.
Sami tried to do everything possible to try to save Layla's life.
Sami will take the stand.
Sami wanted to take the stand.
When Tom stopped eating wheat, his health inexplicably got better.
Sami was sentenced to die by lethal injection.
Sami was executed nearly six years later.
Sami was granted a reprieve.
Sami was mentally impaired.
Sami's IQ was said to be sixty.
You can glaze carrots with honey when cooking them.
"When I look back on my youth, I see a spiritual void," said Tom.
A novel is written one sentence at a time.
The author held the hostages at gunpoint in a barn for three days, forcing them to read his unpublished novel.
I have a dream where I have to climb to the sixth level of a flimsy, multi-story tent which is perched on the top of a skyscraper.
Everything is covered with bacteria.
Tom's toenails were screaming "Clip me!"
Tom's new piercing became infected.
Tom hung inside a large teepee three feet off the ground, suspended by straps inserted through the flesh on his back.
Alcohol is a processed food.
Mary refuses to eat catfish because she's allergic to cats.
Does your dog jump up on things?
Is your dog hypoallergenic?
The cat asked for the Sunday funnies and the dog the crossword section.
Reading the obituary section, for old people, is like taking a victory lap.
Don't fixate on yourself. Help others instead.
The piano playing is catchy.
I had a strong desire for a plate of clam linguine right now.
Where can I find pickled herring around here?
Tom offered to drop off a German deli dinner for a sick friend.
Why so many questions?
Don't you want us to be together?
Tom asked me for a glass of water.
Tom is the top donator.
We need to help more people today more than ever.
Tom is trapped in digital prison of propaganda.
How can we efficiently manage all the food allergies in school cafetaria kitchen?
Tom underestimated the health benefits of power yoga.
Take a small bite.
Try to keep your balance.
Are you having dizzy spells?
Tom threw his clothes in a heap on the floor.
You should feel the stretch in your hamstring.
Toss me the rope.
These pairs are getting ripe.
Your story idea is very original and it's scaring me.
Jazz music was playing in the background.
Unlike waves that break along the shore, Rossby waves are huge, undulating movements of the ocean that stretch horizontally across the planet for hundreds of kilometers in a westward direction.
Rossby waves, also known as planetary waves, naturally occur in rotating fluids. Within the Earth's ocean and atmosphere, these waves form as a result of the rotation of the planet.
A King Tide is a popular, non-scientific term people often use to describe exceptionally high tides.
Sea level rise at specific locations may be more or less than the global average due to many local factors: subsidence, upstream flood control, erosion, regional ocean currents, variations in land height, and whether the land is still rebounding from the compressive weight of Ice Age glaciers.
Sea level is primarily measured using tide stations and satellite laser altimeters.
Global sea level has been rising over the past century, and the rate has increased in recent decades.
In 2014, global sea level was 2.6 inches above the 1993 average.
The two major causes of global sea level rise are thermal expansion caused by warming of the ocean (since water expands as it warms) and increased melting of land-based ice, such as glaciers and ice sheets.
With continued ocean and atmospheric warming, sea levels will likely rise for many centuries at rates higher than that of the current century.
In the United States, almost 40 percent of the population lives in relatively high-population-density coastal areas, where sea level plays a role in flooding, shoreline erosion, and hazards from storms.
Globally, eight of the world's 10 largest cities are near a coast, according to the U.N. Atlas of the Oceans.
Are all fish cold-blooded?
The opah is the only known fully warm-blooded fish that circulates heated blood throughout its body.
Not all fish are cold-blooded.
In 2015, researchers with the NOAA Southwest Fisheries Science Center revealed the opah, or moonfish, as the first fully warm-blooded fish.
Although not as warm as mammals and birds, the opah circulates heated blood throughout its body, giving it a competitive advantage in the cold ocean depths from 150 to 1,300 feet below the surface.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is today.
"This restaurant has a perfect diarrhea score for me," said Tom. "I think it's five for five now."
The opah is equipped with specialized blood vessels that carry warm blood to its gills to rewarm the blood that cools as the fish breathes and absorbs oxygen from the water.
The opah is one of the most colorful of the commercial fish species, and is particularly popular in Hawaii.
The opah's overall red with white spots and turns a silvery-grey when it dies.
The opah's fins are crimson, and its large eyes are encircled with gold.
Where do fish go when it freezes outside?
Most fish slow down and "rest" near the bottom during cold winter months.
Have you ever wondered how fish survive in cold winter weather, or where they go when lakes and ponds freeze over?
Like many people, fish tend to be less active in the cold.
The layer of ice that forms on top of a lake, pond, river, or stream provides some insulation that helps the waterbody retain its heat.
Because warm water sinks in very cold freshwater, fish often gather in groups near the bottom.
If you've ever gone ice fishing, you know that a long line, a slow, colorful lure, and a hearty portion of patience are often required to land this quiet quarry!
Just like the human "snowbirds" who fly south for the winter, saltwater fish often cruise to warmer climes when the mercury plummets.
With the exceptions of the polar regions, salty ocean water rarely freezes.
When will the concert begin?
Tom had to have been mistaken.
Tom hopes to compete one day in the Olympics.
Tom played volleyball in college.
I've never loved anyone but Tom.
Tom pretended he didn't know what Mary was talking about.
My parent's don't approve of our relationship.
We must find a way to stop Tom.
We need to find a way to stop Tom.
We have to find a way to stop Tom.
Guess what Tom did yesterday.
Guess what we're going to have for dinner.
I don't like how the series is ending.
You need to look inward.
What was the scope?
Can interest you in some coffee?
I need some coffee with some zip to it.
Did you hear that Tom is in the hospital?
What is your favorite parlor game?
Wow, that was impressive!
When did she call?
Let them know I'll be late.
Give your grandmother a hug.
I don't want to take on another liability.
No one is listening.
I can't hear you.
When did she drop by?
Has anybody called?
I have new messages for you.
What happened when I was out?
What a bunch of assholes.
Not while I'm boss!
Anything in the mail?
What was her point?
No one understands what's going through her head.
Nice haircut.
I was cornered.
Tom swung at the gang members with a table leg.
Power yoga really made me sore.
The elliptical is a very powerful tool for developing cardio fitness. Unfortunately, few people know how to actually use it.
We washed our clothes in the river.
Which do you like better, bananas or apples?
We need to do this ourselves.
Tom was the one who painted this picture.
This is a picture of my parents.
This isn't my pen.
Perhaps it'll snow tomorrow.
Mary's dress is pink.
Tom plays the guitar fairly well.
Tom and his friends are swimming in the pond.
I got several nice presents for my birthday.
I played football yesterday.
Tom got out of the bath and put his clothes on.
Tom got out of the bath and put on his clothes.
Tom got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put his clothes on.
Tom got out of the bath, dried himself off, and put on his clothes.
It's not quite dark yet.
Tom ran all the way to school.
The ball rolled under the couch.
The ball rolled under the sofa.
We ate sandwiches for lunch.
I had a good time at the beach yesterday.
Tom and I don't usually say good morning to each other.
Would you like me to open the window?
I can't ski very well.
Every time I see Tom, he's smiling.
We had a lot of snow last night.
We had a lot of snow last winter.
I washed my hands with soap and water.
How many cups are on the table?
How many more forks do you need?
I seldom put sugar in my coffee.
I think I saw something moving over there.
I think it's going to start raining soon.
I'm not the only one here who think it's a good idea to do that.
I'm the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could've done that.
I'm probably not the only person who didn't want to do that.
I'm not the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm likely going to be too busy to do that until after 2:30.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary's house had burned down.
I'm probably going to be able to figure out how to do that.
I'm not the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I'm not the only one who was able to do that without help.
We're probably going to have a difficult time doing that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I'm probably not the only one who didn't want to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm not the only one who volunteered to help Tom do that.
I'm the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I'm probably not the only one here permitted to do that.
I'm probably going to be ready by the time you get here.
I'm one of the thirty people who didn't need to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who didn't have to do that.
I'm never going to be able to do that without your help.
I'm never going to be able to do that without some help.
I'm likely going to be finished doing this before lunch.
I'm likely going to be finished doing that before lunch.
I'm the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary had had an accident.
I'm probably not the only one who felt like doing that.
I'm probably not the only one who can help you do that.
I'm probably going to be doing that tomorrow afternoon.
I'm one of the thirty people who were asked to do that.
I'm never going to understand why Tom wants to do that.
We might get hurt if we do that the way Tom suggested.
I'm the only person who can probably help you do that.
I'm the only person who can probably help Tom do that.
I'm the only one who was able to do that without help.
I'm probably the only person who can help you do that.
I'm probably the only person who can help Tom do that.
Blue light prevents humans from feeling sleepy.
Sound good, but what's in it for me?
My parrot flew away.
I refuse to cage birds.
A caged bird represents a surpression of some urge or drive.
Tom farted under the blankets.
Tom's farts always smell like potatoes.
Tom said that he'd been cooperative.
Tom complained to the authorities about the constant barking of his neighbour's dog.
How much do you spend a week?
I spent a lot of money yesterday.
Try as he might, Tom couldn't get Mary out of his head.
I had a very strange dream last night.
Tom cooked supper for Mary.
Mary put the flowers that Tom gave her in a vase.
Tom watches TV about three hours a day.
Tom and Mary took their children to Boston with them.
These are Tom's books.
These aren't Tom's books.
Tom walks to school every day.
Tom doesn't walk to school every day.
What's that in your hands?
Tom gave this apple to me.
Tom gave me this apple.
Tom is the one who gave me this apple.
Tom threw an apple to Mary.
Tom threw Mary an apple.
What time did you get here this morning?
Tom is very tired now.
Do you think Tom had a good time?
Tom has a lot of toys.
Tom has many toys.
Tom has lots of toys.
That's a really ugly dog.
That guy over there is Tom.
Tom was absent from school last Monday.
Whose house is that?
Could you please put some more wood on the fire?
Is Tom already asleep?
Is this coat yours?
Many Palestinians are banned from living with their spouses in Israel, but of course, some continue to claim that Israel is not an apartheid state.
Some say that Israel should be boycotted for its apartheid system.
Let's call a spade a spade, and Israel's policies against Palestinian Arabs is racism.
Tom was dehydrated.
Tom had a bruise under one eye.
Tom owns a tattoo parlor.
The girl gave him an odd look.
The dog is hungry.
Mary wrote a young adult novel.
Tom parked his car in the visitor parking lot.
Tom parked his car in the parking garage.
This condition could be life-threatening.
Keep your arms close to your body.
Keep your arms bent.
Mary's arms were folded across her chest.
Tom's arms were folded across his chest.
Tom put his hand on the wall above Mary's shoulder.
Sailors call the latitudes between 40 and 50 degrees south of the equator the Roaring Forties.
During the Age of Sail, the strong prevailing winds of the Roaring Forties propelled ships across the Pacific, often at breakneck speed.
Cape Horn, located at the southern tip of South America, is one of the most treacherous sailing passages in the world.
The Roaring Forties take shape as warm air near the equator rises and moves toward the poles.
Westerly winds are prevailing winds that blow from the west toward the east.
Trade winds are winds that blow predominantly from the northeast in the Northern Hemisphere and from the southeast in the Southern Hemisphere.
While the Roaring Forties may be fierce, 10 degrees south are even stronger gale-force winds called the Furious Fifties. And 10 degrees south of the Furious Fifties lie the Screaming Sixties!
We can thank the intrepid sailors of yore for these wildly descriptive terms.
The horse latitudes are subtropical regions known for calm winds and little precipitation.
The horse latitudes are located at about 30 degrees north and south of the equator.
Tom placed the flowers in a vase.
They were her favorite flower.
Tom had never seen such a beautiful garden before.
Tom spends his mornings in the garden.
Tom planted a rose bush.
Mary tended the rose bushes with great care.
Prune roses every spring.
Do not prune roses in the fall.
I gave him a set of keys.
We picked flowers together.
Tom was interred in a small cemetery.
What are the oldest living animals in the world?
Studies show that some corals can live for up to 5,000 years, making them the longest living animals on Earth.
Some corals can live for up to 5,000 years, making them the longest living animals on Earth.
Scientists are now using a genetic approach to estimate the ages of corals. The method determines when a coral egg and sperm originally met to form the genome of a coral colony. The researchers then track the number of mutations that have accumulated in the genome since that time. Because mutations tend to arise at a relatively constant rate, researchers can estimate the approximate age of the coral genomes in their study.
Elkhorn corals are listed as threatened under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
A tide gauge measures changes in sea level relative to a datum (a height reference).
The rise and fall of the tides play an important role in the natural world.
A tide gauge, which is one component of a modern water level monitoring station, is fitted with sensors that continuously record the height of the surrounding water level.
I don't know what she sees in you.
I don't know what he sees in you.
Essentially a giant measuring stick, the tide staff allowed scientists to manually observe tidal levels.
The computer age led to tide gauges that use microprocessor-based technologies.
Known to sailors around the world, the trade winds and associated ocean currents helped early sailing ships from European and African ports make their journeys to the Americas.
The trade winds also drive sailing vessels from the Americas toward Asia.
Even now, commercial ships use "the trades" and the currents the winds produce to hasten their oceanic voyages.
The colorful hues of icebergs result from the interplay of light with dense ice, ice crystals, and algal growth.
An iceberg looks white because compressed snow on its surface contains large numbers of tiny air bubbles and crystal edges that equally reflect all wavelengths of visible light.
When light encounters the dense, compressed ice, the ice absorbs longer wavelengths of colors, such as red and yellow, but colors of shorter wavelengths, like green and blue, are reflected. This is what gives some icebergs their remarkable colors.
I'm just getting warmed up.
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little bit?
Don't you think you're overreacting?
Tom acted irrationally.
Mary was acting irrationally.
Are corals animals or plants?
Coral, a sessile animal, relies on its relationship with plant-like algae to build the largest structures of biological origin on Earth.
Corals are sessile animals that "take root" on the ocean floor. It's no wonder that many people think corals are plants!
Corals are sessile, which means that they permanently attach themselves to the ocean floor, essentially "taking root" like most plants do.
Corals are animals because they do not make their own food, as plants do. Corals have tiny, tentacle-like arms that they use to capture their food from the water and sweep into their inscrutable mouths.
In the case of stony or hard corals, these polyp conglomerates grow, die, and endlessly repeat the cycle over time, slowly laying the limestone foundation for coral reefs and giving shape to the familiar corals that reside there. Because of this cycle of growth, death, and regeneration among individual polyps, many coral colonies can live for a very long time.
Most corals contain algae called zooxanthellae which are plant-like organisms.
Residing within the coral's tissues, the microscopic algae are well protected and make use of the coral's metabolic waste products for photosynthesis, the process by which plants make their own food.
The corals benefit, in turn, as the algae produce oxygen, remove wastes, and supply the organic products of photosynthesis that corals need to grow, thrive, and build up the reef.
This mutual exchange is the reason why coral reefs are the largest structures of biological origin on Earth, and rival old-growth forests in the longevity of their ecological communities.
I've wanted this for so long.
I don't know the city very well.
I'm so happy for you and Tom.
I think Tom's going to faint.
I've wanted to do this for so long.
You mustn't do that.
Climate change and ocean acidification can result in mass coral bleaching events, increased susceptibility to disease, slower growth and reproductive rates, and degraded reef structure.
There are no quick fixes when it comes to a changing climate.
Climate change is the single greatest global threat to coral reefs.
Healthy coral reefs support an amazing diversity of marine life and are often called the rainforests of the sea.
He kissed her and she kissed him back.
He began to kiss her gently.
I should have told you this long ago.
Why did you wait so long to kiss me?
Corals are a beautiful and important part of our ocean.
Once a year, on cues from the lunar cycle and the water temperature, entire colonies of coral reefs simultaneously release their tiny eggs and sperm, called gametes, into the ocean.
When a coral egg and sperm join together as an embryo, they develop into a coral larva, called a planula. Planulae float in the ocean, some for days and some for weeks, before dropping to the ocean floor. Then, depending on seafloor conditions, the planulae may attach to the substrate and grow into a new coral colony at the slow rate of about .4 inches a year.
I've wanted to say it for so long.
No flies enter a closed mouth.
Many coastal and island communities depend on coral reef fisheries for their economic, social, and cultural benefits.
Unsustainable fishing on coral reef areas can lead to the depletion of key reef species in many locations.
Scientific evidence now clearly indicates that the Earth's atmosphere and ocean are warming, and that these changes are primarily due to greenhouse gases derived from human activities.
As temperatures rise, mass coral bleaching events and infectious disease outbreaks are becoming more frequent.
Increased greenhouse gases from human activities result in climate change and ocean acidification.
A warming ocean causes thermal stress that contributes to coral bleaching and infectious disease.
Ocean acidification refers to a reduction in the pH of the ocean over an extended period of time, caused primarily by uptake of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
For more than 200 years, or since the industrial revolution, the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased due to the burning of fossil fuels and land use change.
The ocean absorbs about 30 percent of the CO2 that is released in the atmosphere.
When CO2 is absorbed by seawater, a series of chemical reactions occur resulting in the increased concentration of hydrogen ions. This increase causes the seawater to become more acidic and causes carbonate ions to be relatively less abundant.
Decreases in carbonate ions can make building and maintaining shells and other calcium carbonate structures difficult for calcifying organisms such as oysters, clams, sea urchins, shallow water corals, deep sea corals, and calcareous plankton.
Roses are her favorite flower.
I'll get you!
I'm making soup.
Tom and Mary are not present today.
They left their horses behind and ventured into the mountains.
The old woman lives in a yurt.
Tom is gifted in foreign languages.
Tomorrow I will do a new activity.
The sun shines on the red roofs of this village.
Do not translate the sentence word for word.
The pronunciation of German is not very complicated.
I think it's impossible.
You have what it takes to succeed.
Mary dances the waltz very well.
Where is the little book?
It's really very bizarre.
Tom is smoking on the balcony.
The floor was cold under his bare feet.
It snowed on the balcony.
Unfortunately, it had snowed.
Tom does not know how to respond.
I have a bus ticket.
This church is huge.
I would like a steak and a mixed salad.
I do not feel well today.
I will be absent for a week.
Could you wake me tomorrow morning at a quarter to seven, please?
I do not think German is difficult.
When did you decide not to go into the office?
Mary always bought some bacon.
My hat is not new.
The cat drank her milk.
Tom learned Italian.
Tom bought a parrot.
Tom did not want to ruin their friendship.
She threw herself at him and kissed him passionately.
If you want a fight, you've got one.
Mary is a social media influencer.
Tom is an influencer.
She threw herself at him.
You practically threw yourself at him.
"From what I heard, you practically threw yourself at him." "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Tom, are we lost?" "That depends on what your definition of 'lost' is."
"You practically threw yourself at him." "I did not!"
You practically threw yourself into his arms.
It's just a scratch.
Tom decided to tell Mary the truth about his illness.
She dreamed about kissing him.
Tom dreamed about kissing Mary.
Mary dreamed about kissing Tom.
This story is completely ridiculous.
Tom laughed uncomfortably.
Mary laughed uncomfortably.
We went to a nice restaurant.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself!
Where are my socks?
Will this hurt?
This is going to hurt a little.
Stop complaining and start working.
The birds use the scarecrow as a perch.
The birds quickly became accustomed to the stuffed scarecrow.
Tom usually gets here about 2:30.
You should have thought of that in the beginning.
I don't want to have anything more to do with you!
Many aquatic animals use sound to find prey, locate mates and offspring, avoid predators, guide their navigation and locate habitat, and listen and communicate with each other.
Over the last century, human activities such as shipping, recreational boating, and energy exploration have increased along our coasts, offshore, and deep ocean environments. Noise from these activities travel long distances underwater, leading to increases and changes in ocean noise levels.
Rising noise levels can negatively impact ocean animals and ecosystems.
Higher noise levels can reduce the ability of animals to communicate with potential mates, other group members, their offspring, or feeding partners.
The plane was unable to take off due to the storm.
Tom didn't want to ruin their friendship.
Tom learned French.
My hat isn't new.
I don't think French is difficult.
I'll be absent for a week.
I don't have a bus ticket.
I don't yet have a bus ticket.
I don't have a bus ticket yet.
I already have a bus ticket.
Tom and Mary aren't present today.
May I play with Maria?
I prefer to see movies without fights.
Tom is talking with the woman.
Tom was alone last night at the bar.
Wake up, Tom!
Tom is an embalmer.
I do not like your arrogant tone!
I like this television. The sound is exceptional.
Do you want me to close the window?
For days, Mary has had a headache.
Could you keep my place, please?
Let's stay inside. Outside it's terribly cold.
Tom says that the book is interesting.
I think Tom is smart because he's learning German.
Tom looked disoriented.
Tom was fairly nervous.
It's big day.
Tom made me read this book.
I would like to be reimbursed.
The portal is large.
Thomas did not answer my text messages.
Mary felt her heart rate increase.
Thomas gained a little weight.
Tom has gained a little weight.
You're the only person I'd trust to do that.
You're the only person I know here who can do that.
We're probably going to have fun doing that.
We're probably going to have a hard time doing that.
We're probably going to have a good time doing that.
We're not expected to do that by ourselves.
We're never going to find out who did that.
If Tom really liked me, he wouldn't have done that.
I'm worried about what might happen if I did that.
I'm trying to find out why we need to do that.
I'm trying to find out why we have to do that.
I'm the only person who didn't want to do that.
I'm the only person who can show you how to do that.
I'm the only person who can do that, I think.
You're the only person I can trust to do that.
I'm the only other person who wanted to do that.
I'm the only other person who needs to do that.
I'm the only other person who needed to do that.
I'm the only other person who couldn't do that.
I'm the only one who's likely to be able to do that.
I'm the only one who volunteered to help Tom do that.
I'm the only one who seems to know how to do that.
I'm the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't want to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm the only one likely to be able to do that.
I'm the only one here permitted to do that.
I'm the one who's supposed to be doing that.
I'm the one who's going to help you do that.
I'm the one who took the bandage off of Tom's arm.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to ride a horse.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to ride a bicycle.
I'm the one who taught Tom how to milk a cow.
I'm the one who suggested that Tom go out with Mary.
I'm the one who showed Tom how to tie a square knot.
I'm the one who recommended Tom for the job.
I'm the one who gave Tom your phone number.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to try to do that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to quit doing that.
I'm the one who broke the windshield of Tom's car.
I'm the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I'm the one most likely will have to do that.
I'm probably the only one who didn't do that.
I'm probably not the only person who wants to do that.
I'm probably not the only person who had to do that.
I'm probably not the only person who didn't do that.
I'm probably not the only person who can do that.
I'm probably not the only one who's done that.
I'm probably not the only one who's been doing that.
I'm probably not the only one who's already done that.
I'm probably not the only one who's able to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who'll do that.
I'm probably not the only one who was able to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who needed to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who likes doing that.
I'm probably not the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who has done that.
I'm probably not the only one who had to do that.
I'm probably not the only one who enjoys doing that.
I'm probably not the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I'm probably not the only one who does that.
I'm probably not the only one who did that.
I'm probably not the only one who did that wrong.
I'm probably not the only one who couldn't do that.
I'm probably not the only one that needs to do that.
I'm probably not the only one that has to do that.
I'm probably not the only one that did that.
I'm probably not the only one here who can't do that.
I'm probably not the only one here allowed to do that.
I'm probably not going to help Tom do that.
I'm probably not going to do that when I'm in Boston.
I'm probably not going to do that very well.
I'm probably not going to do that this week.
I'm probably not going to do that by myself.
I'm probably not going to be able to do that.
I'm probably never going to be able to do that.
I'm probably going to do that tomorrow, too.
I'm probably going to do that this afternoon.
I'm probably going to do that again tomorrow.
I'm probably going to be the next one to do that.
I'm probably going to be the last one to do that.
I'm probably going to be the first one to do that.
I'm probably going to be punished for doing that.
I'm probably going to be exhausted after doing this.
I'm probably going to be exhausted after doing that.
I'm probably going to be excused from doing that.
I'm probably going to be doing that this evening.
I'm probably going to be able to do that tomorrow.
I'm one of the three people who know how to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who'll need to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who'll have to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who weren't able to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who were able to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who needed to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who need to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who have to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who had to do that.
I'm one of the three guys who couldn't do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who'll need to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who'll have to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who were told to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who wanted to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who want to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who needed to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who need to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who have to do that.
I'm one of the thirty people who had to do that.
I'm old enough to do that on my own, I think.
I'm not willing to do that unless you help me.
I'm not very likely to be fired for doing that.
I'm not very likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'm not very likely be punished for doing that.
I'm not very likely be fired for doing that.
I'm not very likely be arrested for doing that.
I'm not the only person who wants to do that.
I'm not the only person who wanted to do that.
I'm not the only person who should've done that.
I'm not the only person who needs to do that.
I'm not the only person who needed to do that.
I'm not the only person who had to do that.
I'm not the only person who didn't want to do that.
I'm not the only person who didn't do that.
I'm not the only person who couldn't do that.
I'm not the only person who can help you do that.
I'm not the only person who can help Tom do that.
I'm not the only person who can do that, I think.
I'm not the only one who's going to do that.
I'm not the only one who's been doing that.
I'm not the only one who's already done that.
I'm not the only one who's able to do that.
I'm not the only one who needed to do that.
I'm not the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm not the only one who felt like doing that.
I'm not the only one who enjoys doing that.
I'm not the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't want to do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm not the only one who could've done that.
I'm not the only one who can help you do that.
I'm not the only one that needs to do that.
I'm not the only one here who knows how to do that.
I'm not the only one here who can't do that.
I'm not the only one here permitted to do that.
I'm not the only one here allowed to do that.
I'm not the one who's supposed to be doing that.
I'm not the one who's going to help you do that.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to do that.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to do that anymore.
I'm not the one who told Tom not to do that again.
I'm not the one who told Tom how to do that.
I'm not the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I'm not the one who talked Tom into doing that.
I'm not the one who suggested doing it this way.
I'm not the one who showed Tom how to do that.
I'm not supposed to do that without permission.
I'm not supposed to be doing this right now.
I'm not likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'm not likely like to be the next one to do that.
I'm not likely like to be the last one to do that.
I'm not likely like to be the first one to do that.
I'm not interested in doing that, but Tom is.
I'm not going to do that the way Tom told me to.
I'm not going to do that the way Tom showed me.
I'm not as tempted to do that as I used to be.
I'm not as motivated to do that as I used to be.
I'm not as interested in doing that as I used to be.
I'm not as good at doing that as I used to be.
I'm not as enthusiastic about doing that as Tom is.
I'm not adventurous enough to try doing that.
I'm not actually going to do that by myself.
I'm not able to do that alone. You'll have to help me.
I'm not able to do that alone. You need to help me.
I'm never going to permit you to do that again.
I'm never going to get the chance to do that.
I'm never going to forgive Tom for doing that.
I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
I'm never going to be able to do that without help.
I'm never going to be able to do that by myself.
I'm never going to be able to do that again.
I'm never going to allow you to do that again.
I'm likely to still be doing this tomorrow.
I'm likely to figure out how to do that before long.
I'm likely to feel like doing that tomorrow.
I'm likely to be through doing that by Monday.
I'm likely to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I'm likely going to have a hard time doing that.
I'm likely going to have a difficult time doing that.
I'm likely going to find some way to do that.
I'm likely going to be the next one to do that.
I'm likely going to be the last one to do that.
I'm likely going to be the first one to do that.
I'm likely going to be fired for doing that.
I'm likely going to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I'm interested in doing that, but Tom isn't.
I'm going to be ready to do that by tomorrow.
By the time I get home I'll be too tired to do that.
I'm going to beat the hell out of you.
She loves gossip.
Mary plays the harp.
This is not the time to talk about that.
Thomas has a picture of his family on his desk.
Someone shouted his name.
At this moment my father is in Berlin.
This pleases me!
Tom is at the neighbor's house.
My neighbor went crazy.
My neighbor is crazy.
Goethe was a great poet.
After visiting the castle, we went to eat.
Tom came to see her.
Tom does not drink milk.
Thank you for holding; we apologize for the delay. All of our representatives are currently assisting other customers. Please stay on the line and someone will be with you shortly.
I was born to join in love, not in hate.
Sami secretly converted to Christianity.
I'm glad to help you.
They got married two years ago.
The only thing I know is that I know nothing.
We need more staff.
That person needs to be relieved from his/her post.
Even so, the Earth moves!
This is not the ring I bought you last year.
I'm not interested in doing that with Tom.
I'm not the one responsible for doing that.
I'm not likely to be able to do that again.
I'm the one who talked to Tom about that.
I'm not as motivated to do that as you are.
I'm the one who showed Tom around Boston.
I'm not as desperate to do that as you are.
I'm the one who went to Boston with Tom.
I'm likely going to be doing that tomorrow.
I'm the one who gave Tom that black eye.
I'm in the process of doing that right now.
Tom doesn't drink milk.
You farted.
This isn't the time to talk about that.
As far as I know, Tom has never lied to me.
Tom wants to know which of the books is the most interesting.
Which woman is your aunt?
Tom felt like he was floating out of his body.
Which of the two is your friend?
Mary is hung up.
Tom wants to stop fixating on things.
I'm supposed to show Tom how to do that.
I'm going to be very tired when I get home.
I'm the one who advised Tom to do that.
I'd be permitted to do that if I wanted to.
I'm hesitant to do that, but Tom isn't.
I'm waiting for someone to do that for me.
Suddenly the clouds snatch away both sky and even daylight from the eyes of the Trojans: black night lies upon the sea; the poles thunder, and the upper air flashes with repeated fires, and all things threaten immediate death for the men.
Tom played violin.
I have always found it tiring to sit by the sea and do nothing.
Listen! It is almost seven o'clock and you have not even washed.
I borrowed a friend's tent.
It is not ideal, but we will make do.
I borrowed a tent from one of my friends.
I think I'm coming down with something.
I feel really weird, spacey, and fatigued.
Why buy a bag of seasoned chickpeas for four dollars?
I compel you to adhere to our master's teachings.
If you don't find the antidote, your brother is going to die!
"Don't think in your native tongue," said the monolingual Tom.
Mary doesn't accompany the children to school.
Sami had a horrible problem with drugs.
Sami was a physician.
Sami was practising medicine without a license.
Sami set up a makeshift clinic in Cairo.
Sami was born in the Philippines.
Sami works for Honda as a senior credit analyst.
Sami is thirty-six but looks ten years younger.
Sami sold his beloved mansion.
Sami's beloved mansion was on the market.
Sami went to a nice resort in Egypt.
Sami found a dead cat in the backyard.
Sami's hometown was devastated by an earthquake.
Sami opened his own legal practice in Cairo.
Sami bought a new house in Cairo.
Who'll take care of your dog while you're in Boston?
I'm not the one who helped Tom do that.
I'm the only other person who can do that.
I wonder what made Tom change his mind.
I'm the only one who felt like doing that.
I'm the one who wanted Tom to do that.
I'm the only one who can help you do that.
I'm the one who persuaded Tom to help.
I'm still determined to do that by myself.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to help.
I'm probably not going to do that anymore.
I asked Tom when he agreed to do that.
I'm probably never going to do that again.
Tom will probably do that eventually.
I'm probably going to have fun doing that.
I'm the one who gave Tom a black eye.
I'm probably going to do that next Monday.
I'm the one who asked Tom to do that.
I'm probably going to do that again today.
I'm hoping Tom will agree to do that.
I'm not very likely to be able to do that.
I'll be helping Tom do that tomorrow.
I need two protein-style hamburgers every night.
I'm learning to do that now.
I'm learning how to do that.
I'm hoping you can do that.
I'm the one that did that.
I'm the guy that did that.
I'm still able to do that.
I'm paid a lot to do this.
I'm old enough to do that.
I'm in no rush to do that.
I'm hoping we can do that.
I'm going to be very late.
I'm trying not to sneeze.
I'm the guy who did that.
I'm still doing that now.
I'm ready to do that now.
I'm now ready to do that.
I'm motivated to do that.
I'm hoping I can do that.
I'm desperate to do that.
I've refused to do that.
I'm too sick to do that.
I'm learning to do that.
I'm tempted to do that.
I'm not doing that now.
I'm itching to do that.
I'm liable to do that.
I'm hoping to do that.
I'm paid to do this.
I wonder if it's snowing in France.
I wonder if Tom will be in Boston next week.
I do not understand you very well.
I wonder how long it'll take to get to Boston.
It took longer to get here than I expected.
We got caught in a traffic jam.
We had a flat tire on the way here.
I don't understand you very well.
What an adventure!
I had trouble understanding what Tom was trying to say.
Who wrote Faust?
Who is the woman whose picture is on your desk?
Sami closed his eyes and cleared his throat.
The actor whose name I have forgotten has played the lead in many films.
Sami studied harder.
Sami was falsifying his university records.
Who's that woman with Tom?
Who's the guy talking to Tom?
Whose car did you come in?
Who are you planning on going to Boston with?
Who are you planning to go to Boston with?
Are you planning on going to Boston with Tom next weekend?
Are you planning to go to Boston with Tom next weekend?
When was the last time you went to Boston with Tom?
The cat drank his milk.
Sami was a baby-faced boy.
Tom didn't drink his milk.
Tom drank all the milk.
I would like to go out tonight.
I heard all about it from Tom.
I heard all about what happened from Tom.
Tom feels comfortable here.
Tom asked for directions in fluent Chinese.
Who's your oldest friend?
It's difficult to imagine life without television or the Internet.
Sami worked very hard.
Sami was a very successful entrepreneur.
Sami was popular at school.
What's good in doing that?
Sami seemed to have the edge on his older brother.
Sami was better looking.
Sami was smarter.
Sami wanted to take shortcuts in life.
Sami had a luxury car.
Sami had his own credit card.
Sami could buy anything he wanted.
Tom still has a lot to learn to speak French.
Sami was a rich kid.
Sami grew up in wealth.
Sami was born with a silver spoon.
Sami liked to take shortcuts.
Sami invested in Egypt.
Sami was a rich Egyptian playboy.
Sami had a car collection.
Sami's toys were his cars and boats.
Sami was a very hard-working guy.
Sami studied for an engineering degree.
Sami quickly got a job with one of Wall Street houses.
Sami became a wealthy man.
Turn off the radio and turn on the television!
Sami's girlfriend was Layla.
Sami met a very attractive woman named Layla.
Tom should've told Mary he loved her.
Tom should've told Mary that he loved her.
I should've told Mary I loved her.
I should've told Tom I loved him.
I should've told Tom that I loved him.
I think that I'll enjoy doing that.
I plan to refuse to do that.
I plan on refusing to do that.
I'm lucky I can still do that.
I'm lucky that I'm still able to do that.
I'm lucky I'm still able to do that.
I'm lucky that I can still do that.
I'm lucky nobody saw me do that.
I'm lucky that no one saw me do that.
I'm lucky no one saw me do that.
I'm lucky that nobody saw me do that.
I'm lucky I can do that.
I'm lucky that I can do that.
Sami was handsome, successful, and charming.
Shut off the radio and put on the television!
Sami is married with six kids.
Turn off the radio and put on the television!
Sami worked for a bank.
Sami was sent to Egypt.
Sami in a beautiful apartment.
Sami lived a charmed life in Cairo.
Sami liked board games.
Sami was living the high life he always wanted.
Mary does not remember.
Tom has lived in Paris for twenty years, but Mary has been living there for only five years.
Mary and Tom have only been living here for six months, but they have already adapted well.
Sami enjoyed the fine things of life.
Mary was the only Southern German.
Tom couldn't sit on the toilet fast enough.
Sami was awaiting trial.
Sami went on trial for the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami had an insatiable appetite for violent sex.
Sami had to act to save his life.
Our master is wise.
Sami never denied that he killed Layla.
Sami was forced to kill Layla.
I am in a cult.
Sami owned a luxury apartment in Cairo.
Sami and Layla are going to get a divorce.
Sami approached.
Sami struck Layla with a statue.
When I am finished working on this, I'll take you to the movies.
Sami was reluctant to move back to Egypt.
Life was easier back then.
Sami confirmed Layla's fears.
If everything works out well, I'll be kidnapped by a cult.
Our master makes a mean egg salad sandwich.
I'm pretty sure that Tom isn't still interested in Mary.
Whether Tom will do that or not isn't important.
Tom loves Mary, but the feeling isn't mutual.
It's clear that Tom isn't yet convinced.
There's something Tom isn't telling us.
What makes you think Tom isn't guilty?
Tom is inclined to be moody and isn't easy to live with.
What Tom said isn't likely to be true.
This isn't at all what Tom expected.
Your name isn't really Tom, is it?
This isn't what Tom needs.
I believe that Tom isn't guilty.
I believe Tom isn't guilty.
Tom isn't very likely to finish writing the report before Monday.
Tom isn't able to easily distinguish between boredom and hunger.
Tom isn't violent and he never picks fights with anybody.
Tom isn't only unhappy at work, but also unhappy at home.
Tom isn't a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Tom isn't available at the moment. May I take a message?
Tom isn't as good a chess player as he thinks he is.
Tom isn't very likely to be at tonight's party.
Tom isn't the same as he was thirty years ago.
Tom isn't as smart as he likes to think he is.
Tom isn't as crazy as most people think he is.
Tom isn't as rich as most people think he is.
Tom isn't the active person he used to be.
Tom isn't much older than Mary's daughter.
Tom isn't going to show it to anyone else.
Tom isn't on good terms with his family.
Tom isn't happy with Mary at the moment.
Tom isn't the one who borrowed my car.
Tom isn't yet accustomed to the work.
Tom isn't affiliated with Disneyland.
Tom isn't so easy to get along with.
Tom is our master.
Tom isn't serious about his studies.
Tom isn't happy about the situation.
Tom isn't anticipating any trouble.
Tom isn't afraid to speak his mind.
Tom isn't in prison at the moment.
Tom isn't happy you're late again.
Tom isn't exactly the 9-to-5 type.
Tom isn't at all like his brother.
Tom isn't as good-looking as Mary.
Tom isn't that different from us.
Tom isn't like that all the time.
Tom isn't an idle boy any longer.
Tom isn't welcome in this house.
Tom isn't quite as tall as Mary.
Tom isn't really in Boston now.
Tom isn't much older than I am.
Tom isn't like other criminals.
Tom isn't going to let Mary go.
Tom isn't about to give up now.
Tom isn't welcome in our home.
Tom isn't pulling any punches.
Tom isn't a very good climber.
Tom isn't a very friendly guy.
Tom isn't my favorite person.
Tom isn't happy to see Mary.
Tom isn't a suspect anymore.
Tom isn't yet able to swim.
Tom isn't happy to be here.
Tom isn't far off the mark.
Tom isn't easily satisfied.
Tom isn't a very good liar.
Tom isn't a one-trick pony.
Tom isn't overly friendly.
Tom isn't happy with this.
Tom isn't home right now.
Tom isn't going to do it.
Tom isn't as smart as me.
Tom isn't a rational guy.
Tom isn't a happy person.
Tom isn't a happy camper.
Tom isn't a friendly guy.
Tom isn't looking happy.
Tom isn't likely to cry.
Tom isn't happy, either.
Tom isn't at fault here.
Tom isn't at all hungry.
Tom isn't a busy person.
Tom isn't fond of pets.
Tom isn't at all happy.
Tom isn't as fat as me.
Tom isn't able to swim.
Tom isn't a cat person.
Tom isn't too pleased.
Tom isn't often wrong.
Tom isn't good enough.
Tom isn't fast enough.
Tom isn't a happy boy.
Tom isn't old enough.
Tom isn't a real man.
Tom isn't a dumb guy.
Tom isn't a busy man.
Tom isn't so bright.
Tom isn't so sure.
Tom isn't our man.
Tom isn't focused.
"No, Mary, billionaires do not buy three-story toilet-fountains for their mega-bathrooms. Everything you say is a lie," said Tom.
He likes football.
Everything you say is a lie.
You can stop lying.
That's the fastest you've ever left.
Others may find your dog a puzzle. Please be nice and make her wear a muzzle.
This kefir is making me fart like a madman.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from but what you've learned in the university.
What's important isn't how many books you read, but what books you read.
It isn't necessary for you to do that.
It isn't likely that Tom did it on purpose.
It's not likely that Tom did it on purpose.
It's not likely Tom did it on purpose.
It isn't far from my house to the station.
I don't know when Tom went to Boston.
It isn't surprising that Tom resigned.
It's not surprising that Tom resigned.
I don't think it's going to rain this evening.
It isn't easy to be an umpire.
It isn't easy to be a referee.
It isn't as difficult as you think.
It won't be easy to solve that problem.
The restaurant we're going to isn't far from the hotel.
It isn't always hot in Boston.
It isn't easy to master French.
It isn't easy to speak French.
I don't think this is the best solution.
It isn't safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
It isn't any different from what I expected.
It isn't easy to get rid of bad habits.
It isn't worth repairing this camera.
It isn't going to rain this evening.
It is not easy to speak French well.
It isn't difficult to speak French.
It is not difficult to speak French.
It isn't polite to point at others.
It isn't necessary to bring a gift.
It isn't good to eat between meals.
It isn't especially hot today.
It isn't as good as it looks.
It isn't far from the hotel.
It isn't easy to train dogs.
It isn't funny at all.
It's not safe for a girl to go out by herself this late at night.
Sami began staying at Layla's apartment later and later.
Sami was under house arrest.
Sami knew about Layla's legal problems.
I'm not sure both Tom and Mary want to go there.
I can't see how anybody could've accomplished this without some help.
I'm not sure that I agree with Tom.
I don't think I'll ever be able to learn how to do that.
I don't think that I'll ever be able to learn how to do that.
I'm not sure that I can contact Tom.
I don't think we're ever going to find out who did that.
I don't think that we're ever going to find out who did that.
I'm not sure that I can convince Tom.
I going to try to do that.
I going to try doing that.
I'm not sure that I can get a hold of Tom.
I think we should refuse to do that.
I think that we should refuse to do that.
I'm not sure that I can trust Tom.
I think that we should stop doing that.
I'm not sure that I disagree with Tom.
I think that we should try to do that.
I'm not sure that I trust Tom.
Sami found out about that.
Sami faced deportation back to his native Egypt.
Sami indicated that from day one.
Sami stole Layla's money.
Sami had a wealthy papa.
Sami lived in an opulent mansion in Cairo.
Sami was skilled.
Sami was smart.
Sami had a big personality.
Sami's was the Donald Trump of Egypt.
I'm not the only one who likes doing that.
I'm the one who made Tom eat a frog.
I'm not the only one who couldn't do that.
I'm the guy that helped Tom do that.
I'm not the only one here who can do that.
I'm hoping Tom will do that with me.
I'm not likely to be fired for doing that.
I'm the one who bandaged Tom's arm.
I'm not likely be punished for doing that.
I'm the guy who helped Tom do that.
Sami became enormously successful as a developer.
Sami owned a sprawling ranch in Canada.
Sami had a Bentley.
Sami bought a Ferrari.
Sami is Layla's only son.
Sami is his father's proud and joy.
Sami was living a very successful life.
Sami was a staunch Christian.
Sami was a pugnacious businessman.
Sami purchased a gun.
Sami owned a majestic English manor.
Tom says he feels comfortable here.
Sami purchased a huge mansion in Egypt.
Sami enjoyed a privileged life in Egypt.
Sami's father was a business tycoon.
Sami enjoyed the country lifestyle.
Sami made his fortune in oil.
Sami's invention worked and generated a lot of money.
Sami bought a smart car.
Sami comes from a lower class.
Sami loved to show off. He was a very ostentatious man.
Sami decided to buy a mansion.
Sami was very well liked.
Sami loved the country life.
Sami won many awards.
Sami was a passionate rider.
Sami won his father's approval.
Sami is Layla's husband of twenty-six years.
Sami seemed the perfect model of the successful businessman.
Sami bought the best possible guns one could buy.
Sami was enjoying his life.
Sami returned home just before 6 pm.
Sami let the dogs out.
Sami was still missing.
Sami got used to that lifestyle.
Sami was going to kill his daughter.
Sami made his first move.
Sami had a wonderful life.
Sami didn't deserve to die in this appalling way.
Sami killed his own daughter.
Sami shot the horses in the stables.
Sami torched the whole building.
Sami went to a gay bar.
Sami was contacted by Layla.
I think we should volunteer to do that.
I think that we should volunteer to do that.
I'm not sure that I understand what Tom meant.
I'm not sure that I want to get to know Tom.
I'm lucky I was able to do that.
I'm lucky that I was able to do that.
I'm not sure that I want to give this to Tom.
I'm not sure that I want Tom working for us.
I'm lucky they still allow me to do that.
I'm lucky that they still allow me to do that.
I'm not sure I would recognize Tom.
I'm not sure that I would recognize Tom.
I'm lucky they still let me do that.
I'm lucky that they still let me do that.
I'm not sure that I'm going to Tom's wedding.
I'm not convinced doing that would be a good idea.
I'm not convinced that doing that would be a good idea.
I'm not sure it was Tom who did that.
I'm not going to be able to do that alone.
I'm not going to be able to do that by myself.
I'm not sure it was Tom who made this.
I'm not going to be able to do that on my own.
I'm not sure that my parents know about my relationship with Tom.
I'm not sure that that's what both Tom and Mary want.
I'm not going to try to do that.
I'm not going to try doing that.
I'm not likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'm hoping Tom will do that for me.
I'm not interested in doing that with you.
I'm hoping Tom can do that with me.
I'm not going to be able to do that today.
I won't ever let Tom do that again.
I'm likely to be the first one to do that.
I'm not going to help Tom do that.
I'm waiting for you to finish doing that.
I'm the one who made Tom do that.
I'm the only person who wants to do that.
I'm the one who gave that to Tom.
I'm the only person here who can do that.
I'd be very glad if Tom did that.
I'm the only one who's already done that.
I'm used to doing that with Tom.
I'm the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm the one who found Tom's key.
I'm the only one here allowed to do that.
Tell me why you want to leave.
Tell me why you want to do that.
Tell me why you plan on doing that.
Tell me why you don't want to do that.
Tell Tom dinner's ready.
Tell Tom that dinner's ready.
Tell Tom how you plan to do that.
Tell Tom how you plan on doing that.
Tell Tom why you plan to do that.
Tell Tom why you plan on doing that.
I'm supposed to do that myself.
I'm still too young to do that.
Tell Tom he should go.
I'm not used to doing that yet.
Tell Tom what it was.
I'm not tall enough to do that.
Tell Tom where to go.
I'm not rich enough to do that.
Tell Tom what that is.
I'm not quite ready to do that.
Tell Tom what this is.
I'm not able to do that either.
I'm likely to do that tomorrow.
Tell Tom what's wrong.
I'm going to refuse to do that.
Tell Tom your opinion.
I think I'll refuse to do that.
I don't have to do that myself.
Tell Tom where Mary is.
I'm very desperate to do that.
I'm too sleepy to do that now.
Tell Tom what Mary said.
I'm too overweight to do that.
Tell Tom what you think.
I'm the only one who did that.
Tell Tom what you'll do.
I'm supposed to do that today.
I'm supposed to do that alone.
Tell Tom where you went.
I'm still learning to do that.
Tell Tom who'll do that.
I'm still hesitant to do that.
Tell Tom why we're here.
I'm ready to help you do that.
Tell Tom what that means.
I'm probably going to do that.
Tell Tom what this means.
I'm probably doing this wrong.
Tell Tom how you did that.
I'm old enough to do that now.
Tell Tom what you've done.
I'm now old enough to do that.
Tell Tom what's happening.
I'm not the one that did that.
Tell Tom why you did that.
I'm not doing that any longer.
Tell me what's wrong, Tom.
I'm not authorized to do that.
Tell me why Tom was fired.
I'm no longer able to do that.
Tell Tom what he has to do.
I'm likely to need to do that.
I'm likely to have to do that.
Tell Tom where to put this.
I'm way too young to do that.
Tell Tom where we're going.
I'm very unlikely to do that.
Tell Tom why you're crying.
I'm used to doing that alone.
I'm too drunk to do that now.
Tell Tom what the rules are.
I'm the person that did that.
Tell Tom what you want done.
I'm still tempted to do that.
Tell Tom why you were fired.
I'm sick, so I won't do that.
Tell Tom what has to be done.
I'm not too young to do that.
Tell Tom what he needs to do.
I'm not too tired to do that.
Tell Tom what should be done.
I'm going to stop doing that.
Tell Tom when you'll be back.
I'm very willing to do that.
Tell Tom when you'll do that.
I'm very sure I can do that.
Tell Tom how to get to Boston.
I'm very good at doing that.
Tell Tom what the problem was.
I'm too sick to do that now.
Tell Tom what your opinion is.
I'm the person who did that.
Tell Tom what your problem is.
I'm still unable to do that.
Tell Tom what's going on here.
I'm still afraid to do that.
Tell Tom where the library is.
I'm now learning to do that.
Tell me when Tom will be back.
I'm not finished doing that.
Tell me when Tom will do that.
I'm not expected to do that.
Tell Tom what happened to Mary.
I'm likely to never do that.
Tell Tom what he's doing wrong.
I'm likely to do that today.
Tell Tom what needs to be done.
I'm likely to do that again.
Tell Tom what we're doing here.
I'm likely going to do that.
Tell Tom where the bus stop is.
Tell me what you think I should do in this situation.
Tell Tom where to park his car.
Tell me why you didn't buy what I asked you to buy.
Tell Tom why you want to leave.
Tell me where you plan to live after you graduate.
Tell Tom how to get to the bank.
Tell me which bus to take to get to the station.
Tell Tom how to spell your name.
Tell me how to get to the post office from here.
Tell Tom what you know about it.
Tell me which of these two cameras is better.
Tell Tom what you're doing here.
Tell me when the next meeting will be held.
Tell Tom when Mary will be back.
Tell me how you found out that he did that.
Tell Tom when he should do that.
Tell me how you found out that I did that.
Tell Tom why you didn't do that.
Tell me which bus to take to go downtown.
Tell Tom why you don't eat meat.
Tell me where I can buy a map of Boston.
Tell Tom how to get to the beach.
Tell me who some of your musicians are.
Tell Tom how to start the engine.
Tell me what you think of this article.
Tell Tom that it's time to leave.
Tell me where I should change trains.
Tell Tom what he should do first.
Tell me what time I need to be there.
Tell Tom what you need him to do.
Tell me whether you'll come or not.
Tell Tom what you saw last night.
Tell me how to pronounce this word.
Tell Tom what you want him to do.
Tell me how much you paid for that.
Tell Tom when you're coming back.
Tell me how to get to the airport.
Tell Tom which bus goes downtown.
Tell me who'll be there tomorrow.
Tell Tom which umbrella is yours.
Tell me where to put my suitcase.
Tell Tom why you want to do that.
Tell me where the supermarket is.
Tell Tom how to get to your house.
Tell me how to get to your house.
Tell Tom who'll be there tomorrow.
Tell me how to fill out the form.
Tell Tom how to get to the airport.
Tell me why you plan to do that.
Tell Tom what else he needs to buy.
Tell me which bus I should take.
Tell Tom where he can park his car.
Tell me where I can park my car.
Tell Tom where to put his suitcase.
Tell me when you're coming back.
Tell Tom how much you paid for that.
Tell me how to start the engine.
Tell Tom how to get to Mary's house.
Tell me how to get to the beach.
Tell Tom what kind of food you like.
Tell me why you don't eat meat.
Tell Tom where he should go next.
Tell me what you need me to do.
Tell Tom whether you'll come or not.
Tell me what you know about it.
Tell Tom what you think we should do.
Tell Tom where the police station is.
Tell me what I should do first.
Tell me whether Tom does that or not.
Tell me how to spell your name.
Tell Tom what you think we need to do.
Tell me how to get to the bank.
Tell Tom where he should park his car.
Tell me where the bus stop is.
Tell Tom what you think has to be done.
Tell me when I should do that.
Tell Tom what you think should be done.
Tell me where to park my car.
Tell Tom what you think we ought to do.
Tell me when it's time to go.
Tell Tom when the next meeting will be.
Tell Tom where he should change trains.
Tell me what your opinion is.
Tell Tom whether you'll do that or not.
Tell Tom why you don't want to do that.
Tell me how to get to Boston.
Tell Tom what time he needs to be there.
Tell me when dinner's ready.
Tell me how I can get in touch with Tom.
Tell me what this is called.
Tell me whether Tom will do that or not.
Tell me what should be done.
Tell Tom what you think needs to be done.
Tell me what has to be done.
Tell Tom how he can get in touch with you.
Tell me what the rules are.
Tell Tom whether he has to do that or not.
Tell me where we're going.
Tell Tom how he can get in touch with Mary.
Tell me where to go next.
Tell Tom what he should do if that happens.
Tell me what that means.
Tell Tom what time he's supposed to be there.
Tell me why we're here.
Tell Tom how you found out that he did that.
Tell me who'll do that.
Tell Tom when you're going to be in Boston.
Tell me how to do this.
Tell Tom how to get to the post office from here.
Tell me how to do that.
Tell Tom what you think about the article Mary wrote.
Tell me what that was.
Tell Tom why you didn't buy what he asked you to buy.
Tell Tom what's going to happen to him if he does that.
Tell me where to go.
Tell Tom which bus he should take to get to the station.
Remember that we're all in the same boat.
It's not easy to quit smoking.
This painting isn't worth the price you're asking.
It's not a good idea to do that.
Camping so near the river isn't a good idea.
One thing I don't like about Tom is that he's always late.
Tom isn't a very good singer, and neither am I.
This isn't the first time this has happened.
There's not much difference between the two.
There isn't much difference between the two.
This isn't something that just anyone can do.
The post office isn't too far from here.
Smoking isn't allowed in this restaurant.
Tom isn't very nice to Mary.
Tom is the leader of our group.
Tom watches a lot of TV.
I'm sorry for talking to her in an insulting manner.
I haven't even talked to him once.
The road home was like a labyrinth.
Sami was very attached to his kids.
Sami was feeling a bit unusual.
How many eggs has the hen laid?
Sami had his scotch.
Sami was getting more inebriated.
Sami was drugging Layla.
I don't know if he is Spanish or Argentine.
Fear starts in the head. And courage!
It's the matter of a brave man to love a crazy woman!
My heart beats only for you.
Here's a second version.
Sometimes it's a new car that leads you to new roads. And sometimes you just have to go.
Dancing is like dreaming for the feet.
I avoid to use terms like this which contain a military language.
You certainly have to do one thing to make your dreams come true: To wake up!
If you get to know a man who's handsome, intelligent and uncomplicated, then run away! That's a trap!
Don't forget to be happy today!
I got bored of seeing the name 'Tom'.
Who can make you happy if you're not ready?
My charge cable makes a loose connection.
Every time you smile a problem dies somewhere.
Sometimes I have a dream that I'm falling from too high.
If a baby smiles in its sleep, it means it sees an angel in its dream.
I'm not quite happy at the moment.
Take care of yourself!
People who clearly express their feelings are neither stupid nor naive. Quite the contrary, they're strong enough not to need a mask.
Gradually you figure out that people are like books. Some deceive you with their cover, others surprise you with their content.
I'm feeling great!
Homeland is not a place. Homeland is a feeling!
You must help me! I'm having bad dreams every night.
It seems that I'm dreaming.
We do everything!
Mary is fluent in German, but with a slight American accent.
Can I eat that?
Why don't we take the stairs?
Which of the books have not you read yet?
Fortran is a programming language.
Need is the strongest drive.
I'm proud of you! You're very hardworking!
Good night, earthling.
To laugh is the best medicine!
One day someone will come out of nowhere and you'll thank those who are gone.
If there's love, there's no obstacle!
Only boring women have got tidy houses! No matter who says so, it's not true. I'm certainly not boring, but however, my house is quite tidy. Almost always!
You're my only one and everything.
The mirror is my best friend. Because when I cry, it never laughs.
That's my favourite saying.
It's quite easy to train cats. A couple of days later, you do what they want.
I can tell you my sincere opinion, but you won't like it.
He couldn't fix it.
I feel like going to sleep right now.
Thank you so much for your help. I'm learning a lot from you.
Don't take yourself so seriously!
I no longer want to be a strong woman, but a peaceful one!
Good morning everyone! Did you sleep well and have good dreams?
I've been learning Turkish for one and a half year.
This song reminds me of when I used to live in Boston.
Life is drawing without an eraser.
Yesterday I was smart and wanted to change the world. Today I'm wise and want to change myself.
You dance well.
We're drinking nothing.
Are you washing the baby?
Unfortunately it happens sometimes.
As I fell in love with you from my heart, my mind stopped functioning.
Give me your money!
Please come to me!
Have you not missed me at all?
My anger is not at you.
Where were you before you came here?
Tom has two legs.
Tom's cat has four legs.
Tom's dog has four legs.
She was very special to me.
He was very special to me.
It's my fault. You haven't done anything wrong.
So, how does it feel to be a father?
Tom slept almost 14 hours.
I thought maybe you could use some company.
Tom spilled coffee all over Mary's dress.
I'll get you a blanket.
How does it feel to be a mother?
Most birds have two legs and two wings.
Stay here and help Tom.
I don't want our child to grow up here.
I don't want him to turn out like you.
I don't want her to turn out like you.
There's something else I have to tell you.
I'm not interested in dating.
You're so good with the kids, Tom. They really like you.
The two girls hugged each other.
We're going to be late if you don't hurry.
Mary is a wonderful cook.
Tom and Mary love watching cooking shows.
You look like you slept in those clothes.
You must be very proud of your children.
You don't understand anything, do you?
Take a moment and think about it.
Have you ever had a crush?
You had a crush on me?
Can I have your autograph please?
I can't imagine what you must have been going through.
Don't rush into something you might regret later.
Pick your friends carefully.
I don't want to argue in front of the children.
I'm just trying to be a good father.
I'm just trying to be a good mother.
The screen is cracked.
Tom put the phone to his ear.
The screen's cracked.
I cracked the screen.
Tom stared at the cracked phone screen.
The screen was cracked.
Tom dropped his phone in the water.
Tom cracked a smile.
My jaw dropped.
These "friends" are a bad influence on you.
She's a bad influence on you.
He's a bad influence on you.
Cars have four wheels.
Bicycles have two wheels.
These friends are a bad influence on you.
The students picked their classes.
Tom picked his classes.
Speak up, Tom. I can't hear you.
When will you start getting ready to leave?
Tom's voice startled me.
Tell Tom that he should go.
You never think about the consequences of your actions or how they affect others.
You never stop to think of the consequences of your actions.
My advice is to not tell Tom.
She slept it off.
Let's redouble our efforts!
It is going to be difficult to do.
It's going to be difficult to do.
It's going to be hard to do.
That's going to be difficult to do.
That's going to be hard to do.
Who speaks German well?
I just went through an ordeal.
As kids, we buried our candy stash in an old ammo box in the woods.
Try to be of service to others.
Don't always fixate on your selfish plans.
"Mary, think before you speak. Better yet, don't speak kindly of others," said Tom. "Oops, sorry Mary. I'm dyslexic."
"You must think life is one big sitcom. Mary, it's not. People are real and so are their feelings," said Tom.
When Tom was young, he was all about partying.
Tom can take the bus.
Pay together or separately?
Mary bought clothes and shoes for the trip.
What is the difference between a discount store and a supermarket?
All your money is in the bank.
There is a crate under the table.
I'm going to the shore.
My word is as good as a signature.
My word is my bond.
Tom likes eating healthy food.
Tom studied nutrition and he always knows what he is eating.
Tom gets plenty of rest.
Good health is more valuable than gold.
Modern technology has turned the simple wheat plant into a toxic monster.
Mary lives alone with her two children.
Sami went home and made love to Layla.
Sami was filthy rich.
Sami is a wonderful person.
Sami loved the limousine lifestyle of the rich.
Sami loved hiking in the vast Canadian wilderness.
Sami was very generous.
Sami and his wife have no children.
Sami attended a business meeting.
Sami was found dead in the underground parking.
Sami fell to his knees and was begging for his life.
Sami was just stunned.
I thought I saw a rabbit on the road.
Here is the address and a map to get to my office.
Luck turned.
Tom lived during the war in Lyon.
He goes last.
Who does not study, will not learn.
Sami made an emergency call.
I'm starting to get a bit worried because Tom should've arrived by now.
Sami spoke Arabic.
Sami went to Egypt for several weeks.
Sami will never see his home again.
Sami worked as a tour guide in Egypt.
Sami slowed down.
Sami lost control of his truck.
Sami wanted Layla home all the time.
Sami wanted to be a tour guide.
Sami wanted children.
Sami was desperately lonely.
Sami didn't have kids.
Sami was overseas.
Sami was hitting on girls.
I'm now doing that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom and Mary both want.
I'm unlikely to do that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom has to do.
I'm not likely to ever do that again.
I'm unlikely to ever do that again.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom needs to do.
I'm unlikely to ever do that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom needs.
I'm not likely to forget how to do that.
I'm unlikely to forget how to do that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom really wanted to do.
My luck has changed.
Sami took his own jet.
Sami travels on his own jet.
Sami doesn't like it one bit.
Sami got very angry with the police.
Sami gave Layla a large sum of money.
I'm not likely to forget to do that.
I'm unlikely to forget to do that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom really wanted to say.
I'm not likely to start doing that.
I'm unlikely to start doing that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom wants to do.
I'm not likely to stop doing that.
I'm unlikely to stop doing that.
I'm not sure that that's what Tom wants.
I'm not yet old enough to do that.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary both want to go there.
I'm not planning on doing that by myself.
I'm not planning to do that by myself.
They speak German fluently.
Sami and Layla spoke to each other in Arabic.
Sami knew he was about to die.
Sami wrote the message in Arabic.
Sami wrote the note in Arabic.
Sami saw Layla's note.
Sami was subsequently murdered.
Sami killed Layla for a few lousy dollars.
Sami would kill for cash.
Sami would never miss Layla's birthday.
Sami reported Layla missing to Leon police.
Sami has simply left his wife.
Sami wants revenge.
Sami was somehow involved in Layla's disappearance.
Sami disappeared in 2006.
Sami was seen alive in Egypt.
Sami left.
Sami left his six children behind.
Sami never gave up.
Sami is out of the country.
Sami packed his bag.
Sami realized it was a waste of time.
Sami started planning a divorce.
Sami's wife discovered Layla's steamy letters.
Sami's car was left abandoned miles from his home.
Sami can't remember exactly where he buried Layla's body.
Sami's own father betrayed him.
Sami had a garden fit for a king.
Sami had an extensive arms collection.
Sami drove nice cars.
Sami was very keen on hunting.
Sami and Layla seemed like two magnets pulling towards each other.
Sami and Layla worked very hard.
Sami and Layla loved each other a lot.
Sami had six adorable children.
Sami sounded distraught.
Sami was still conscious.
Sami struggled to talk.
Sami removed the mask.
Sami was coughing.
Sami's reply was barely a whisper.
Sami nodded yes.
Sami ran into the bathroom.
Sami refused to press charges.
Sami tied Layla to a chair.
Sami poured lighter fluid all over Layla's body.
Sami stood there.
Sami's rage reached boiling point.
Sami pulled out a gun.
Sami fired first.
Sami shot this man on purpose.
Sami will never leave Tatoeba.
Sami bought the murder weapon.
Sami transferred a big chunk of Layla's cash into his personal account.
Sami was coming at Layla when she shot him.
Sami owned six mansions around the world.
Sami loved doing that.
Sami spent weeks in Cairo doing business.
Sami and Layla argued over custody of their children.
Sami didn't show up at an important meeting.
Sami said he saw a naked man running down the street.
Sami was heterosexual.
I'm hoping Tom can do that for me.
I'll help Tom do that tomorrow.
I'm supposed to do that before I go home.
I'm mad at Tom for doing that.
I'm still not sure why I need to do that.
I'm hoping Tom will do that.
I'm not the only one who doesn't do that.
I'm the one who kissed Tom.
I'm not the only one that has to do that.
I'm hoping Tom can do that.
I'm never going to permit you to do that.
I'm the one who found Tom.
I'm never going to let you do that again.
I'm the one who shot Tom.
I'm likely to do that tomorrow afternoon.
I'm likely to be the next one to do that.
I'm likely to be the last one to do that.
I'm likely to be excused from doing that.
I won't ever permit you to do that again.
I'm too tired to help you do that today.
I'm the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I'm the only one here who can't do that.
I'm supposed to be doing that right now.
I'm probably not going to do that today.
I'm probably not going to do that again.
I'm probably going to do that next week.
I'm probably going to do that by myself.
I'm not willing to try doing that again.
I'm not very good at doing that, either.
My friend fasts during Lent.
My friend fasts in Lent time.
Death is a general anaesthetic to spare you from eternity.
My niece loves to read Tintin.
Tom bought a Toyota FJ, but now pays much more for fuel than his previous vehicle.
Tom is a bouncer at a nightclub.
Tom suffers from dried fig addiction.
Tom can't leave the warm bed and goes back to sleep.
Let's stay there!
Sometimes Tom came to meet his old friends.
Tom often visits his aunt.
You have here an interesting example.
In the attic, there was a round table.
The residents are all hostile towards newcomers.
Sami was with Layla last night.
Sami is gone.
Sami's blows didn't kill Layla.
Sami strangled Layla to kill her.
Sami was raised by his mother and grandmother.
Sami bounced from job to job.
Sami's older brother lived in Cairo.
Sami lived in a modest house.
Sami's kids were his world.
Sami put the needs of his children before his own needs.
Sami quit his job and went on disability.
Sami had six children.
Sami didn't have a girlfriend.
Sami was pretty much by himself.
Sami spent time at a local church.
Sami went to church to commune with fellow Christians.
Sami found himself drawn to the beautiful hairdresser.
Sami liked to be in charge.
Sami was a person who could be manipulated.
Sami and Layla started meeting in secret.
Sami and Layla spent every moment they could together.
Sami was incarcerated for robbery.
Sami was able to manipulate women.
Sami found redemption at church.
Sami wanted to become a deacon.
Sami was worth it.
Sami was grateful to have a woman like Layla in his life.
Sami never divorced Layla.
Sami had some physical problems.
Sami was on unemployment.
Sami was really worried.
Sami talked about killing someone.
Sami was a church member.
Sami lived just six miles away.
Sami never married.
Sami worked for a mortgage company.
Sami saw Layla at church.
Sami borrowed money from Layla.
Sami is the church's treasurer.
Sami is the perfect target.
Sami had no choice.
Sami was serious.
Sami had to kill Layla.
Sami buried his head in the sand.
Sami wasn't responsible for any of it.
Sami obeyed Layla without question.
Sami was not comfortable.
Sami headed home.
Sami was having a complete break from reality.
Sami didn't want to admit that.
Sami knocked on Layla's door.
Sami allowed Layla into the house.
Sami asked Layla if he could borrow more money.
Sami came up behind Layla.
Sami wasn't able to yell.
Sami strangled Layla with one of her scarfs.
Sami kept the money in the cellar.
Sami found a purse full of credit cards.
Sami was killed in a cold and heartless way.
Sami used Layla's debit card.
Sami parked Layla's car a few blocks away.
Sami stole Layla's car.
Sami didn't ask any question.
Sami agreed to help Layla.
Sami was manipulated.
Sami's children slept.
Sami needed gas.
Sami returned home.
Sami dumped the stolen car by a cemetery.
Sami drove Layla home.
Sami informed Layla that he was going to Cairo.
Sami dumped the clothes he had worn during the crime.
Sami did not want to lose his relationship with Layla.
Sami's body was discovered by a farmer.
Sami just can't take it anymore.
Sami arrived at Layla's house.
Sami went to a neighbor's house and asked for a phone to call the police.
Tom hid in the basement for three days.
Sami was allowed to leave.
Sami was in deep trouble.
Sami couldn't believe his eyes.
Sami never misses work.
Sami borrowed some money from Layla.
Sami hit the road in search of Layla.
Sami confessed to the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami was interviewed by the FBI.
Sami died in prison from a health-related issue.
Sami was planning to marry Layla.
Sami was filled with guilt.
Sami has a family he looks after.
Sami cancelled the wedding.
Sami purchased a diamond ring for Layla.
Sami denied cancelling the wedding.
Sami knew Layla was involved in the killing.
Sami lives with Layla.
Sami had to pay the price.
Sami saw Layla's car.
Sami was sentenced to life without parole.
Sami showed Layla photos of the murder.
Sami took his chances in court.
Sami was trying to protect Layla.
Sami worried about his freedom.
Sami gave up everything that was precious to him.
Sami grew up in an upscale neighborhood.
Sami works long hours to support his family.
Sami would never mess with me.
Sami spoilt Layla because she was his only daughter.
Sami became overly dependent on his parents.
Sami started looking for love.
Sami got married at sixteen.
Sami did his best to make ends meet.
Sami did his best to make ends meet.
Sami took care of Layla's children.
Sami dreamed of a better future.
Sami wanted to impress his parents.
Sami committed identity theft.
Sami didn't have permission to do so.
Sami's life was spiraling out of control.
Sami didn't waste any time.
Sami's vehicle was located in Cairo.
Sami just looked like a regular guy.
Sami helped police solve the case.
Sami's heart stopped.
Sami wanted to expand his business.
Sami smiled.
Sami sold drugs.
Sami gave in to his passions.
Sami paid for everything.
Sami took care of Layla.
Sami could give Layla the life that she wanted.
Sami knew how to take care of Layla.
Sami readily accepted.
Sami was involved in the drug trade.
Sami lived a very dangerous lifestyle.
Sami made a name for himself around the neighborhood.
Sami drove to Cairo to deliver drugs.
Sami and Layla got along.
Sami could hear Layla screaming.
Sami was trying to rape Layla.
Sami was dealing drugs.
Sami moved to a nicer apartment in Cairo.
Sami traveled to Cairo to tell his story on a TV talk show.
Sami offered a 60,000 dollar reward for information leading to Layla's return.
Sami provided more information to police.
Sami struck a deal with Layla.
Sami left his children in Cairo with his mother.
Sami noticed that, too.
Sami seemed to be living exceedingly well.
Sami was frustrated.
Sami felt disrespected.
Sami's family gathered to remember him.
Sami was used to that lifestyle.
Sami needed to deal with that.
Sami was connected to that unsolved murder.
Sami needed to fix it.
Sami watched.
Sami and Layla's relationship deteriorated.
Sami wasn't going to go away quietly.
Sami found the perfect man for the job.
Sami knew things could turn violent.
Sami held on to that lifestyle.
Sami came to pick up his girlfriend.
Sami drove Layla over to Farid's apartment.
Sami slipped through the cracks.
Sami resigned.
Sami sued the city of Toronto.
Sami was never identified as a suspect.
Sami approached Layla's home.
Sami got inside.
Sami never met Layla before.
Sami didn't expect that.
Sami's plan wasn't working.
Sami remained in the apartment.
Sami spoke on the phone with his friend.
Sami walked Layla out.
Sami was shot in the arm.
Sami found a body in the woods and reported it to the police.
Sami hid in a closet.
Sami fired.
Sami lied bleeding to death.
Sami was shot and killed.
Sami heard the shots and called 911.
Sami ran out of the bar and jumped in the SUV.
Sami started driving at a very high pace.
Sami stopped the car.
Sami ran right and Layla ran left.
Sami got away.
Sami contacted Layla.
Sami couldn't find Layla.
Sami was wearing a blue jacket.
Sami refused to turn on Layla.
Sami continues to claim his innocence.
Sami is still awaiting trial.
Sami said he was innocent.
Sami and Layla were tried together.
Sami testified on his own behalf.
Sami maintained his innocence.
Sami will receive a life sentence.
Sami has recently relocated south.
Sami was murdered.
Sami apologized to Layla's family during the sentencing.
Sami regrets it.
Sami risked everything to go on with that plan.
Sami lost it all.
Sami's parents separated when he was six.
Sami talked to Layla on the phone.
Sami wouldn't let this happen.
Sami had a tough time adjusting to life in Egypt.
Sami kept to himself.
Sami was indicted for the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami really felt out of place.
Sami drove up to Layla's house.
Sami broke down the door.
Sami was distracted.
Sami was pissed.
Sami wanted to become a pediatrician.
Sami disappeared from a convenience store.
Sami went to the county jail to visit Layla.
Sami introduced Farid to a fellow inmate.
Sami was in jail, facing double murder charges.
Sami was intrigued by Layla.
Sami's girlfriend was cheating on him.
Sami destroyed Layla's family.
Sami told Layla everything that she needed.
Sami and Layla chatted on the phone almost every day.
Sami was investigated by police.
Sami complained.
Sami communicated with Layla.
Sami listens to Layla.
Sami's smile brightens my day.
Sami kept his promise to Layla.
Sami soon learned that Farid was very dangerous.
Sami visited Layla in jail twice a week.
Sami didn't want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Sami was convicted of double murder.
Sami was brought into the police station.
Sami went to jail for a murder he did not commit.
Sami built a house that was worth a lot of money.
Sami seemed to adore Layla.
Sami was released and went about his daily life.
Sami held the door open for Layla.
Sami mentioned that to Layla.
Sami thinks Layla is capable of murder.
Sami's house is burning down right now.
Sami might be with Layla.
Sami set his plan into action.
Sami dropped his girlfriend at college.
Sami shot Layla then disappeared.
Sami lived in a small community nestled in the Rocky Mountains.
Sami was rushed immediately to the hospital.
Sami let himself inside Layla's apartment with her spare key.
Sami discovered Layla's body in her apartment.
Sami's note was addressed to Mom.
Sami survived.
Sami's note contained 66 typed words.
Sami touched the gun.
Sami hired a well known attorney.
Sami survived but his quality of life was deeply impacted.
Sami was concerned for Layla.
Sami called Layla and expressed his condolences.
Sami's response shocked Layla.
Sami's love for Layla was replaced by fear.
Sami would never lock his dog in a closet.
Sami connected the dots.
Sami orchestrated Layla's death from jail.
Sami was sitting in an interrogation room.
Sami smelt the coffee.
Sami woke up.
Sami probably assisted in the death of Layla Bakir.
Sami explained everything.
Sami was sent to jail.
Sami cut a deal with the prosecutor.
Sami's accomplices also joined him in prison.
Sami is blinded by love.
Sami's cheating fueled Layla's rage.
Sami was finishing up high school.
Sami made really good grades.
Sami introduced himself to Layla.
Sami didn't mind.
Sami showered Layla with gifts.
Sami and Layla fell deeper in love.
Sami applied to law school.
Sami wasn't worried.
Sami invited Layla to live with him.
Sami's girlfriend entered into a beauty pageant.
Sami buried himself in books.
Sami popped the big question and Layla said yes.
Sami proposed to Layla.
Sami dedicated his life to becoming an attorney.
Sami dated the daugther of a millionaire.
Sami agreed to watch Layla's place during the weekend.
Sami wasn't pleased.
Sami devised a simple plan to help Layla.
Sami relied on Layla.
Sami excused himself.
Sami hoped Layla would finally confess.
Sami brought Layla back.
Sami felt betrayed.
Sami felt tricked.
Sami considered himself very smart.
Sami felt insulted.
Sami was tied up.
Sami didn't try to escape.
Sami helped Layla up.
Sami and Layla both dove for the gun.
Sami and Layla were fighting for their lives.
Sami grabbed the weapon and started shooting at Layla.
Sami pinned it all on Layla.
Sami kidnapped Layla's daughter.
Sami agreed to testify against Layla in order to lessen his sentence.
Sami and Layla's relationship blossomed.
Sami was wearing glasses.
Sami disappeared on June, 6, 2006.
Sami attended church with his fiancee.
Sami named his little girl Layla.
Sami headed to his parents' to drop off his daughter Layla.
Sami began to worry.
Sami assumed Layla was at work.
Sami sensed that something was very wrong.
Sami checked along the highway, but there was no sign of Layla.
Sami can handle anything.
Sami's world has been thrown into chaos.
Sami was lying.
Sami said suicide would be the last thing to cross Layla's mind.
Sami may have voluntarily left Layla.
Sami disagreed.
It's the best workout I've ever had.
Tom was late for his shift.
Mary was late for her shift.
The cowboy counted all the cattle.
"So, did you?" "Did I what?" "Kiss him of course!"
Why didn't you kiss him?
Why didn't you kiss her?
I don't have a date.
Mary bit into the heart-shaped cookie.
Tom proposed to Mary on Valentine's Day.
Tom and Mary planned a romantic evening for Valentine's Day.
Tom had no girlfriend and no date.
Mary had no boyfriend and no date.
Tom was sitting at home in his pajamas watching TV.
Mary was sitting at home in her pajamas.
Tom sent Mary a dozen roses on Valentine's Day.
I don't think it's a coincidence.
Tom played with Mary's cat.
Tom played with Mary's dog.
Tom's bird sang.
Tom jumped on Mary's horse.
Tom gave his horse some oats.
Tom and Mary went horse riding on the beach.
Tom and Mary went horse riding at dusk on a deserted beach.
Tom and Mary went horseback riding along the beach.
Tom wasn't in his normal mood.
Mary wasn't in her normal mood.
I think you'll be happy here.
If you want to be miserable, that's your choice.
Tom is a good skier.
Tom gave Mary some chocolate turtles.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the front steps of the school.
Why did the screen go off?
Mary received a letter from a secret admirer.
You're drop dead gorgeous.
The boys fought over her.
Tom pretends that nothing bothers him.
I will need an eternity to explain everything.
I would have said it exactly like this.
What are the two of you doing?
What were the two of you doing?
Tom's name was called over the loudspeakers.
Tom's name was called over the PA system.
They were both smitten with her.
It was always interesting to me, how it is to have brothers and sisters.
I don't think we're supposed to be here.
I'm just saying.
Tom kissed his wife goodbye.
I'm not a real fish; I'm just a cuddle toy.
Tom's voice cracked.
So, what?
I love this melody.
We should find a place to hide.
The room was dimly lit.
It doesn't look very inviting.
Humans cannot live forever.
Tom was jumping up and down with excitement.
Mary was jumping up and down with excitement.
I don't understand what you mean.
Her palms were moist.
Her palms were sweaty.
What are you getting upset about?
Do you mind if I walk with you?
Mary had high hopes for the evening.
Tom is an international student.
Mary is an international student.
Do not write anything you may regret later.
Don't write emails when you're feeling emotional.
Don't send an email when you're feeling upset or angry.
Reread your email before sending it.
You'll never get away with this.
Tom saw a couple kissing across the street.
Tom saw a boy and a girl kissing across the street.
Is it lunchtime already?
It's a good idea to always reread email before sending it.
I love this tune.
I don't think Tom is supposed to be here.
I don't think you're supposed to be here.
Tom's cat gave birth to nine kittens.
I could tell you, but I won't.
Tom was a very loud child.
Why did you switch off the light?
The well documented violent nature of humanity is rather perplexing at first until one realizes that humans are merely slightly more intelligent animals.
Tom hitched his horse.
Mary was speechless.
Don't look at me. I didn't tell him.
Don't look at me. I didn't tell her.
I've always wanted to write a novel.
Loosen up, Tom.
Loosen up, Tom. We're just having a little fun.
Gas-powered cars are the Devil's vehicle.
The environment would be much better off if cars and airplanes had never been invented.
He's been getting better lately.
Tom took a bite out of the cookie.
You look absolutely stunning.
There are three men waiting for you outside.
He's Japanese.
Sami realized it wasn't easy to tame his hidden desires.
Sami fell in the bathroom and hit his head.
Sami found his wife dead in the bathtub.
Sami dreamed of a mansion of his own.
Sami lived on a leafy avenue.
Sami was a businessman on his way up.
Sami took good care of his wife.
Sami paid a lot of attention to his daughter.
Sami played with his daughter a lot.
Sami's first birthday is coming up.
Sami and Layla celebrated their daughter's sixth birthday.
Sami was rushed to the hospital in the early hours of June, 6, 2006.
Sami was watching a hockey game.
Sami heard a weird noise and went out to investigate.
Sami heard a thump.
Who plays the piano?
I have something very interesting to tell you.
I like riding horses from time to time.
I see a flower on the table.
He might not come.
Tom answered my question with a positive response.
Tom walks home.
The dog bit Tom on the calf.
We prefer to go on foot.
We rented a car.
I can rely on Tom.
I was too weak to work.
My sister is twenty-one and she studies at the university.
Tom usually walks home.
Tom walks home with Mary almost every day.
Tom goes to school by bus, but he usually walks home.
Tom says he doesn't feel like playing tennis today.
I saw Tom in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary wash their hands.
Mary is washing her face.
The writer whose name I always forget was born in Cologne.
Tom and Mary have only two children.
Tom is washing his face.
I always wash my hands before eating.
I wash my hands before eating.
You should always wash your hands before eating.
I always wash my hands before I eat.
Tom washed his hands, but Mary didn't wash hers.
Tell Tom to wash his hands.
You need to renew your passport.
I like this horrific musical genre called "Witch House."
There are a few questions remaining.
I need a bigger bowl.
Boil two cups of water.
Do you have a heating pad?
This music is lo-fi.
I have to memorize this poem.
Tom seems to get angry easily.
I think it's important that we finish doing this before Monday.
Does your job pay well?
How many people were at your wedding?
I'd like to work for a smaller company.
He removed the flash-drive from his computer.
Tom has never been outside of Australia.
This is the only company I've ever worked for.
All of Tom's customers are Canadians.
My major is economics.
Why did you turn off the light?
Both Tom and Mary are freelance designers.
Where do you see yourself in three years?
What kinds of weapons did the police find in Tom's house?
Could you speak a little louder?
Do you have an eraser I could borrow?
All of my ex-girlfriends live in Boston.
How old are your brothers and sisters?
How old are your sisters?
How old are your brothers?
What's your neighborhood like?
We always have fun together.
Tom never seems to get nervous on stage.
Tom never seems to get mad at anyone.
Tom bought some new clothes.
Tom and I always do that together.
I've never traveled abroad.
I got together with some old friends last night.
Do you like to listen to classical music?
Do you like to listen to jazz?
Yesterday was a hot day.
What sport do you think is the most dangerous?
What do you think is the most popular sport in Australia?
Did you remember to flush the toilet?
You forgot to flush the toilet.
How long does it take to get from here to your house on foot?
How long does it take to the station by taxi?
A woman is cultivated when she constantly searches for ways to remain up to date.
I know that Mary won the lottery.
I prepared two translations of the text.
Leave me alone, Tom and Mary. I want to watch TV.
The weather has cooled.
Have you already written a letter to Father Gel?
I will have time to help you later in the afternoon.
I'm generally hungry right about now.
Some people say that Portuguese sounds like a drunken Frenchman speaking Spanish.
I'm stronger.
I'm stronger than him.
The son is even more talented than his father.
The boys stole some apples from the tree.
The boys were caught stealing apples from the tree.
Tom said that he would never steal anything again.
Tom climbed up the apple tree.
The witch lived in a gingerbread house in the middle of the forest.
You have my eternal gratitude.
Tom nearly fainted.
Mary nearly fainted.
He nearly fainted.
She nearly fainted.
Tom redoubled his efforts.
Tom lives in a tiny house.
Tom has a tiny head.
Tom's house has a tiny kitchen.
A thermocline is the transition layer between warmer mixed water at the ocean's surface and cooler deep water below.
In the thermocline, temperature decreases rapidly from the mixed upper layer of the ocean (called the epipelagic zone) to much colder deep water in the thermocline (called the mesopelagic zone).
Bodies of water are made up of layers, determined by temperature. The top surface layer is called the epipelagic zone, and is sometimes referred to as the "sunlight zone."
It is relatively easy to tell when you have reached the thermocline in a body of water because there is a sudden change in temperature.
Below 3,300 feet to a depth of about 13,100 feet, water temperature remains constant.
At depths below 13,100 feet, the water temperature ranges from near freezing to just above the freezing point of water as depth increases.
Satellites are amazing tools for observing the Earth.
Information gathered by satellites can tell us about ocean bathymetry, sea surface temperature, ocean color, coral reefs, and sea and lake ice.
Scientists use satellites to study the migration of whales.
The "doldrums" is a popular nautical term that refers to the belt around the Earth near the equator where sailing ships sometimes get stuck on windless waters.
Microplastics are small plastic pieces less than five millimeters long which can be harmful to our ocean and aquatic life.
There doesn't seem to be anybody inside.
There doesn't seem to be anybody inside the house.
Plastic is the most prevalent type of marine debris found in our ocean and Great Lakes.
Plastic is the most prevalent type of marine debris.
Microbeads are tiny pieces of polyethylene plastic added to health and beauty products, such as some cleansers and toothpastes.
Mary has a master's in Library science.
Tom was sitting at home in his pajamas watching TV and eating pizza.
We can tell Tom tomorrow.
Tom said he'd never steal anything again.
Tom is much more talented than his father.
I'm usually hungry right about this time of day.
I'll have time to help you later in the afternoon.
Have you already written a letter to Tom?
I know that Tom won the lottery.
I know Tom won the lottery.
I'm usually hungry again by 2:30.
I have to speak to you personally.
Rosa has been a secretary for a long time.
Monkeys feed on insects, fruits and roots.
Sit down fast, kids. The movie has already started.
In a good marriage we can argue harmoniously.
I do not scream!
Thomas accepted without question.
It's all us.
The patient has lost a lot of blood.
He is an Esperantist.
He's an Esperantist.
I have a headache from muscle strain.
It's a pleasant evening.
I'm out for my morning constitutional.
The biggest lie is the ego.
Tom lost a lot of money playing poker.
The patient does not have any longer.
Mary loves chocolate.
Tom does not drink alcohol.
Tom started a band with his chess club friends called "Bishop Sacrifice."
I'm weary.
I'm tired of salads.
Is soup just a salad in a watery disguise?
I like to sit in the front row.
He's certainly attentive.
The dog is well mannered.
Does your dog really have a library card?
Shut 'er down.
The old man died while trying to digest a dozen large pancakes.
The dog rolled over.
You speak Japanese.
You live in Japan.
You stay in Japan.
We are fleeing to Japan.
All participants are Japanese.
The Japanese love traveling.
It costs 3000 Japanese yen.
Are we going to study Japanese?
Translate Japanese into English.
I'm hiding in Japan.
The new Yokozuna is Mongolian and is called Harumafuji.
Mongolia has borders with two countries: Russia and China.
The Mongol supremacy over Japanese sumo is totally due to the presence of two of its representatives at the highest rank.
Here is your dog!
Be careful, dog biting!
The dog wants to go out.
It's their dog?
It was too sweet!
She had a sweet smile.
All sugars are sweet.
Good night, sweet dreams!
This year's winter is very mild.
This flower gives off a sweet fragrance.
Swedes have their own language.
We Danes have a special love-hate relationship with our Swedish neighbors.
Russian Eurovision singers look like Swedish Eurovision singers of the 80s. Clear progress!
Our cat is sterilized.
The cat looks at the dog.
"My new animated movie is called 'Stretchie: End of Clays Part II,'" said Tom.
Sami was lured back to Cairo by his father.
Sami basically kept to himself.
Sami witnessed that as a young boy.
Sami had issues.
Sami's death was reported as an accident.
Sami's mother committed suicide and he was there when it happened.
Sami came into Layla's life in 2006.
Sami comes from a wealthy Jewish family.
Sami waited for Layla's call.
Sami and Layla are happily married.
Sami's marriage turned sour.
Sami and Layla argued a lot.
Sami saw Layla with bruises on her body.
Sami was beating Layla.
Sami was threatening Layla.
Sami should call the police.
Sami heard the scream of Layla.
Sami sounded more like a wild animal than a human being.
Sami has to get out of here.
Sami was driving me crazy.
Sami joined Layla for a family meal.
Sami was screaming and everyone could hear.
Sami gets home at six.
Sami is preparing to leave.
Sami is afraid of Layla.
Sami is scared.
Sami won't let Layla go.
Sami drove Layla to the station.
Sami reported Layla missing.
Sami protected Layla.
Sami wanted to get to the bottom of what happened to Layla.
I can't meet you tomorrow.
Sami's apartment looked like a slaughterhouse.
Sami dresses as a woman.
Sami was arrested and extradited to Egypt.
Sami found Layla inside his apartment, holding a gun.
Sami made preparations to leave.
Sami planned Layla's murder.
Sami came to Egypt in the late sixties.
Sami's father worked very hard.
Sami liked cocaine.
Sami visited a brothel.
Sami was taking cocaine.
Sami was seeing prostitutes.
Sami suffered a stroke.
Sami started behaving himself.
Sami went to Canada, looking for opportunity.
Sami saw Layla fleeing from the scene.
Sami received a telephone call from the police department.
Sami walked in the house.
Sami's wife was murdered.
Sami told Layla about it.
Sami gave Layla directions.
Sami knew what Layla had done.
Sami went to Cairo to kill Layla.
Sami and Layla play golf at the same country club.
Sami wants to teach Layla a lesson.
Sami wanted to win.
Sami continued with his life.
Sami remarried.
Sami studied federal law.
Sami traveled a lot.
Sami wants to scare Layla.
Sami decided to cooperate.
Sami finished his round of golf.
Sami manipulated Layla to do his dirty work.
Sami hired the best attorneys to protect him.
Sami never thought that he would be convicted.
Sami liked to believe that.
Sami retired.
Sami appeared dazed and confused.
Sami built a small fortune with his popular seafood restaurant.
Sami worked at his father's restaurant, peeling potatoes for hours on end.
Sami was put on the case of Layla's murder.
Sami broke into Layla's home.
Sami shot two bullets into the head of his wife, Layla.
Sami quickly rolled off the bed.
Sami begged Layla to return to Egypt.
Sami has ended his affair with Layla.
Sami rolled out of bed.
Sami was jailed for life.
Sami was convicted of murder.
Sami's testimony sealed the fate of Layla Bakir.
Sami was very remorseful and he told the truth.
Sami gave full admissions.
Sami took his own life in jail.
Sami was found guilty of murder.
Sami refused to accept the judgment of the court.
Sami launched a campaign to overturn his conviction.
Sami is due for parole in 2056.
Sami thought money could solve any problem.
Sami dreamed of stardom.
Sami wanted to become famous.
Sami attended theater classes.
Sami loved theater.
Sami played different roles in Layla's play.
Sami wanted more.
Sami landed a good job.
Sami lived in an amazing apartment.
Sami ran an escort service.
Sami offered Layla a starring role in his movie.
Sami spent the money as fast as possible.
Sami met Layla at Farid's office.
Sami was an actor struggling to make ends meet.
Sami never talked to Layla again.
Sami started to feel sick in his stomach.
Sami was raised by an Arabic teacher.
Sami was born out of wedlock in Egypt.
Sami sent Layla money every month.
Sami and Layla are dating.
Sami's way to stardom veered off course.
Sami left Layla.
Sami was waiting in hiding.
Sami changed his phone number several times.
Sami wanted to get away from everyone.
Sami can't stay here anymore.
Sami offered Layla a place to stay.
Sami and Layla argued frequently.
Sami loved girls.
Sami was interested in writing a book about Layla's story.
Sami said he wanted to write a book about Layla.
Sami became a Christian.
Sami didn't need Layla's money.
Sami believed he was being taken advantage of.
Sami spent so much time at Layla's apartment.
Sami is gonna fix that.
Sami sold his house and joined Layla in her smaller house.
Sami sold his apartment.
Sami started to change.
Sami's home was transferred to Layla's company.
Sami began to renovate the house.
Sami moved in.
Sami signed everything away and took off.
Sami is keeping everyone in the dark.
Sami texted Layla back.
Sami raped a girl.
Sami borrowed some money.
Sami started to get worried.
Sami contacted the police and reported that Layla was missing.
Sami delivered a card to Layla's mother.
Sami doesn't want to pay child support.
Sami will show you.
Sami was filming.
Sami was asking Layla for money all the time.
Sami missed his home.
Sami is helping the cops.
Sami took the blame for Layla's disappearance.
Sami's body was buried on Layla's property.
Sami dug Layla's body up.
Sami bought the gun in Cairo.
Sami followed Layla to her home.
Sami was messing up everything.
Sami just ruined it.
I'm not sure Tom can do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom can do that again.
I'm not yet ready to do that.
I'm not sure Tom can do that.
I'm not sure that Tom can do that.
I'm not really planning on doing that.
I'm not really planning to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom did anything.
I'm not strong enough to do that yet.
I'm not yet strong enough to do that.
I'm not sure Tom did that.
I'm not sure anybody can help.
I'm not sure that anybody can help.
I'm not sure Tom enjoyed the party as much as we did.
I'm not sure anybody would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure that anybody would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure Tom has to do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom has to do that again.
I'm not sure anybody would buy one of these.
I'm not sure that anybody would buy one of these.
I'm not sure Tom has to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom has to do that.
I'm not sure anybody would do that.
I'm not sure that anybody would do that.
I'm not sure that Tom is doing that now.
I'm not sure anybody would want to do that.
I'm not sure that anybody would want to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom is ever going to be happy.
I'm not sure that anyone can help.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to agree to this.
I'm not sure that anyone would be willing to help me.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to be there.
I'm not sure that anyone would buy one of these.
I'm not sure Tom is going to be willing to talk to me.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to be willing to talk to me.
I'm not sure that anyone would do that.
I'm not sure that Tom is going to survive.
I'm not sure that anyone would want to do that.
I'm not sure Tom is ready to do that yet.
I'm not sure that Tom is ready to do that yet.
I'm not sure that anything happened.
I'm not sure that Tom is ready.
I'm not sure that I agree with you.
I'm not sure that Tom is willing to help us.
I'm not sure that I agree.
I'm not sure that Tom knows what he's doing.
I'm not sure that I believe you.
I'm not sure Tom needs to do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom needs to do that again.
I'm not sure that I can afford it.
I'm not sure Tom needs to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom needs to do that.
I'm not sure that I can be all that much help.
I'm not sure Tom ought to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom ought to do that.
I'm not sure that I can be of any help.
I'm not sure Tom recognized me.
Sami wanted to learn more Arabic.
I'm not the only person who can do that.
I'm not the only one who had to do that.
I'm not the only one who didn't do that.
I'm not the only one who did that wrong.
I'm not supposed to be doing this today.
I'm not old enough to do that on my own.
I'm not going to start doing that today.
I'm not finished writing the report yet.
I'm not actually going to do that today.
I'm likely never going to do that again.
I'm likely going to do that later today.
I'm way too young to do that by myself.
I'm too busy to help you do that today.
I'm through doing that, but Tom isn't.
I'm the only person who had to do that.
I'm the only person who didn't do that.
I'm the only one who's been doing that.
I'm the only one who's able to do that.
I'm the only one who wanted to do that.
I'm the only one who needed to do that.
Did you eat lunch with Tom?
Where did Tom go last weekend?
I hope I can convince Tom to help us.
You don't really think Tom would do that, do you?
I went fishing this morning, but didn't catch anything.
Tom is pretty good at skating.
Tom has moved back in with his parents.
Tom told Mary not to come over.
Tom told Mary not to swim in the river.
Tom told Mary not to put any sugar in his coffee.
Tom told Mary not to put sugar in his coffee.
Tom took the time to help us.
Tom took the time to help Mary.
Tom has gone upstairs to wake Mary up.
Tom has sprained his ankle and won't be able to walk home.
What has Tom ever done for me?
I eat my soup.
You eat your soup.
Jean eats his soup.
Jean eats your soup.
I will eat a soup.
In the Turkish language, there are many Persian words.
I speak very good English and Turkish.
Relations between Armenians and Turks remain cold.
"I can shave without looking in a mirror!" "That's good, but do not stand over my Persian carpet. You're bloody!"
Germs are visible only under the microscope.
Current microscopes allow us to observe with fine detail the molecular structure of materials.
Sami's television was still on.
Sami prayed for Layla's safe return.
Sami was a suspect.
Sami lived hundreds of miles away.
Sami began to become more worried about Layla.
Sami entered Layla's bedroom.
Sami's disappearance struck fear among the students.
Sami would have done the same thing for me.
Sami felt horrible.
Sami took Layla's life.
Sami took Layla to Egypt.
Sami pushed people to be their best.
Sami is frustrated.
Sami made Layla angry.
Sami had problems with Layla.
Sami was trapped inside.
Sami killed his fiancee.
Sami had ties to Layla.
Sami had secrets, too.
Sami and Layla cancelled their date at the last minute.
Sami died in his bed.
Sami changed his mind.
Sami denied any involvement in the crime.
Sami wrote it down.
Sami has the evening off.
Sami and Layla have broken up.
Sami was on tour in Egypt.
A cuttlefish has ten arms.
Sami took a shower in the afternoon.
Sami's house burned down to the ground.
Sami asked Layla to move out.
Sami seemed to be a bad influence on Layla.
Sami and Layla often fought with each other.
Sami provided an alibi for the time of the murder.
Sami's house was in ruins.
Sami felt bad.
Sami was being tortured.
Sami felt guilty.
Sami was married twice.
Sami's kids were safe.
Sami seemed to be acquainted with his killer.
Sami's body was badly burned.
Sami was involved in Layla's disappearance.
Sami has been living on campus for years.
Sami was in the upstairs bedroom.
Sami was kind of creepy and strange.
Sami was still in the house.
Sami was a bad person.
Sami's body was found in the ashes.
Sami assaulted and battered a student.
Sami was planning a future in Cairo.
Sami was known for his unpredictability and aggressiveness.
Sami's house was still smoking.
Bring water with the bucket.
Sami and Layla were building their future in Cairo.
Sami dated black girls.
Sami wanted to marry an Egyptian woman.
Sami hasn't been around since Layla went missing.
Sami had problems with me.
Sami has known Layla since they were teenagers.
Sami loved kids.
Sami worked at a nuclear power plant.
Sami wanted to name his son after him: Sami Bakir II.
Sami bought baby presents.
Sami had some relatives in Egypt.
Sami wasn't having much luck.
Sami took Layla's car and left her stranded at the hospital.
Sami was outspoken.
Sami cleaned up the blood.
Sami turn off the light.
Sami met Layla online.
Sami has a pickup.
Sami has a BMW.
My friend is celiac. So she does not support gluten.
Sami was always very nice.
Sami dressed very nice.
Sami liked kids.
Sami's and Layla's dogs got along.
Sami had some news for Layla.
Sami became a new dad.
Sami saved Layla's voice mail.
Sami was traveling throught Egypt.
Sami and Layla were at their home in Cairo.
Sami made a call from a shopping mall.
Sami arrived for his visitation day.
Sami came to take Layla to Egypt for six weeks.
Sami called his attorney.
Sami wanted an attorney.
Sami was unaware he was being recorded.
Sami gave the ring to Layla.
Sami's body was sprawled across the bed.
Sami dated a white girl.
Sami was feeling the pressure.
Sami is Layla's former boyfriend.
The fire, which has been raging for over a week in eastern California, continues to expand.
Sami's car was found abandoned in a residential area in Cairo.
Sami's locks were still intact.
Sami was shot six times in the back of the head.
A couple accidentally discovered a treasure of 1400 gold coins in California.
Sami was wearing blue jeans.
Sami was a potential suspect.
Sami saw Layla come and go.
Sami let Layla into his apartment.
Sami made Layla a sexual advance but she rejected him.
Sami wrapped Layla's body in a blanket.
Sami tried to clean the blood stains with detergent found in Layla's apartment.
Sami left his fingerprints on Layla's door.
Sami set the barn on fire.
Sami's barn burnt to the ground.
Sami was arrested for domestic violence six times.
Sami's mother was always loving and open.
Sami was home all night and his wife confirmed it.
Sami and Layla's relationship got ugly in the end.
Sami spat on the floor.
Sami interrupted the judge.
Sami was barking at Layla verbally and loud.
Sami was evil.
Sami is a bad person.
Sami was very afraid.
Sami was on the Florida coast.
Sami was a rising tennis star.
Sami was making money illegally.
Sami never saw Layla.
Sami didn't recognize Layla.
Sami dated Layla.
Sami is the father of Layla's infant son.
Sami raised Layla from when she was a teenager.
Sami felt a pit in his stomach.
Sami was moving.
The shoulders really hurt me.
Sami paid all the expenses.
Sami has been fighting with Layla over child support.
Marie massaged my shoulders.
Sami's son went to college.
Sami has been recording his conversation with Layla.
Sami and Layla raised in Cairo.
Sami sold encyclopedias.
Sami had to spend some time in jail.
Sami's arrest left his family destitute.
Sami delivered pizzas at night.
Sami was a very manipulative person.
Sami wanted to see his son.
Sami excelled in sports.
Sami worked hard in school.
Sami can't see Layla.
Sami had a plausible alibi.
Sami was in the house all night with his baby son.
Sami injured his shoulder in a match.
Sami dropped out of college.
Sami was in an interrogation room with two cops.
Sami was ruled out as Layla's killer.
Sami stole computers.
Sami was the answer to my prayers.
Sami's computer costs six thousand dollars.
Sami was never suspected of threatening Layla.
Sami was charged with arson and murder.
Sami's criminal life started in 2006.
Sami denied killing Layla.
Sami spent six tense hours in the interrogation room.
Sami is using his military skills for burglarizing homes.
Sami was doing Internet porn with his girlfriend.
Sami needs to aim higher in life.
Sami was Layla's worst enemy.
Sami was in a good room.
Sami was not sad.
Sami just lost his fiancee.
Sami planned every detail in advance.
Sami cut Layla's phone lines.
Sami made inappropriate comments.
Sami entered Layla's apartment.
Sami made more inappropriate comments.
Sami took a look at the computer.
Sami dated more than a dozen women in Cairo.
Sami met women online.
Sami and Layla fought constantly about her pregnancy.
Sami bailed Layla out.
Sami wanted Layla to get an abortion.
Sami wanted a family of his own.
Sami didn't want Layla to have the baby.
Sami took the diamond ring with him.
Sami moved into an upscale suburb.
Sami was so addicted to that.
Sami needed to expand his business.
Sami killed Layla in cold blood.
Sami should come have a look at this.
Sami had sex with Layla 24 hours before her death.
Sami cracked Layla's safe open.
Sami told that to the jurors.
Sami confessed to the cops.
Sami committed crimes that no one had tried before.
Sami was jerking.
That made me think clearly.
Sami stole cars and sold them through a middleman.
Sami's downward spiral has already begun.
Sami went and shot Layla again in the back of the head.
Sami started to feel invincible.
Sami got addicted to the thrill of the crime.
Sami didn't hurt anyone.
Sami needed to hire more staff.
Sami appreciated Layla's generosity.
Sami came out of the car.
Sami always wanted more money.
Sami wanted Layla to give him more money.
Sami traveled first class.
Sami wanted the money.
Sami needs more employees.
Sami married his college sweetheart.
Sami had everything everybody had.
Sami's perfect life went up in smoke.
Sami had an adorable daughter named Layla.
Sami adores his stepmother.
Sami's biological father is rumored to be a mobster.
Sami and Layla met in college in the mid-90's.
Sami didn't have a lot of girlfriends.
Sami and Layla fell so madly in love.
Sami was sent away to live in Egypt with his grandmother.
Sami was struggling with a lot of issues.
Sami was adored and admired.
Sami's mother remarried.
Sami's stepfather abused him.
Sami was looking for some stability.
Sami speaks Arabic.
Sami felt uncomfortable.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of time together.
Sami worked long hours at a golf course.
Sami really enjoyed working for Ford.
Sami loved to sing.
Sami and Layla seemed to be in love.
Sami made friends with many physicians.
Sami wanted girls to pay attention to him.
Sami saw things in a different way.
Sami doesn't do things the way I do.
Sami thought that would be a great idea.
Sami drove to Cairo for a romantic weekend.
Sami and Layla headed for a romantic weekend in Cairo.
Sami described that as a first date.
Sami trusted Layla with everything.
Sami wanted to rekindle his relationship with Layla.
Sami was caught.
Sami was playing a very dangerous game.
Sami stashed the marijuana in a motel room.
Sami earned more than 600,000 dollars.
Sami headed to the airport.
Sami didn't suspect a thing.
Sami would use the name "Gangsta Prince" to describe himself.
Sami's cigarettes smelt like marijuana.
Sami was too afraid to leave.
Sami heard the conversation.
Sami stopped making that noise.
Sami grabbed the gun and left.
Sami moved his furniture to Cairo.
Sami is the one who killed Layla.
Sami was caught within Layla's web.
Sami and Layla had a falling out.
Sami opened up old wounds.
Sami amassed a multi-million dollar fortune.
Sami was climbing the ladder.
Sami didn't know when that was going to happen.
Sami was able to escape.
Sami walked into the lobby of the hotel.
Sami found Layla lying face up on the floor.
Sami had to break the tragic news to Layla's parents.
Sami died in the fire.
Sami and Layla had an argument.
Sami landed in Cairo six hours later.
Sami was watching what was going on.
Sami had no reason to doubt Layla's story.
Sami aimed the machine-gun at Layla's head.
Sami was very angry.
Sami chewed tobacco from time to time.
Sami was already dead before the fire had started.
Sami found six marijuana bricks in Layla's trunk.
Sami purchased cigars.
Sami and Layla both said exactly the same thing.
Sami spent six months on house arrest.
Sami still considers himself lucky.
Sami agreed.
Sami tried to commit suicide.
Sami took sleeping pills.
Sami was placed in a psychiatric hospital.
Sami and Layla played scrabble.
Sami was watching television.
Jim highjacked a plane.
Sami was charged with arson.
Sami's trial began in June, 2006.
Sami faced life in prison.
Sami jumped on the opportunity.
Sami had plenty of motive to murder his wife.
Sami gave Layla a Valentine's Day card.
Sami claimed the affair was just a fling.
Sami had no intention of reconciling with Layla.
Sami was officially declared missing.
Sami hatched a plan to get the money.
Sami kept changing his story.
Sami put his plan into action.
Sami poisoned Layla to death.
Sami was a medical technician.
Sami used an undetectable poison to kill Layla.
Sami respected his mother.
Sami daydreamed about owning a mansion.
Sami set the fire.
Sami won the lottery.
Sami lost all the money.
Sami was able to achieve his dream.
Sami had a TV set in every room of his house.
Sami asked his mother to move in with him.
Sami injected Layla with a drug.
Sami testified against his best friend.
Sami sat in the witness stand.
Sami was removed from the courtroom because he interrupted the judge.
Sami is also serving a concurrent sentence of 60 years for attempting to kill Layla's infant daughter.
Sami lives with his grandmother.
Sami was shot and fell to the ground.
Sami grew up on Long Island, New York.
Sami maintained his down-to-earth lifestyle.
Sami's parents splint.
Sami went to Ontario to live with his gay lover.
Sami made some mistakes.
Sami raised Layla by himself.
Sami cared about his children.
Sami gave away millions of dollars.
Sami started working at a gym.
Sami even bought a house for Layla.
Sami and Layla drove the same car.
Sami opened a gym in Cairo.
Sami needed to borrow six thousand dollars.
Sami was unable to follow even the simplest advice.
Sami's girlfriend got pregnant.
Sami ran a successful business in Cairo.
Sami was going to great lengths to keep his relationship with Layla intact.
Sami helped Layla to manage her millions.
Sami gave Layla a second chance because he loved her.
Sami and Layla ended up getting married.
Sami asked his best friend, Farid, to be his daughter's godfather.
Sami moved in with his mother in Cairo.
Sami and Layla started working to save their marriage.
Sami wished he never had any money.
Sami left Egypt and moved back home in Canada.
Sami and Layla were back together again.
Sami fled to Egypt with his child.
Sami got a CD out of the glove compartment.
Sami was shot six times in the face.
Sami's murder didn't make sense.
Sami feared for his family's safety.
Sami moved back to Egypt.
Sami knows something about that.
Sami and Layla soon became inseparable.
Sami was involved in Layla's murder.
Sami blamed Layla for the crime.
Sami brought back Layla to Cairo.
Sami paid attention to Layla.
Sami refused to believe that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami had one more thing to add.
Sami spoke to the police.
Sami adamantly denied that he had anything to do with Layla's murder.
Sami was arrested for the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami was facing charges of first degree murder.
Sami killed the wrong man.
Sami wanted to save his own butt.
Sami rented a car and went to Cairo.
Sami was plotting with Layla to kill her husband.
Sami returned from Cairo.
Sami arrived back in Cairo.
Sami inherited Layla's house and valuables.
Sami was found just as guilty as Layla and was sentenced to life.
Sami wanted to get out of his relationship with Layla.
Sami is appealing his conviction.
Sami offered to help.
Sami begged for Layla's help.
Sami and Layla arranged to meet at a strip mall.
Sami wanted to perfect his dancing.
Sami injured his arm.
Sami invited Layla to stay for lunch.
Sami didn't judge Layla because of the way she looked.
Sami gladly accepted.
Sami studied law at the University of Cairo.
Sami transformed his garage into an office.
Sami put his office up for rent.
Sami was supporting a son in college.
Sami's temper flared.
Sami's laptop disappeared.
Sami misplaced his phone.
Sami never suspected anything.
Sami blamed that on his own carelessness.
Sami started acting strange.
Sami didn't like to lose.
Sami complained often.
Sami was surrounded by girls.
Sami was very aware of that.
Sami walked into the office.
Sami ran into Layla outside the office.
Sami is lying.
Sami disconnected all the cables.
Sami came down.
Sami angrily denied he was in Layla's apartment that night.
Sami decided not to book Layla on any more night shifts.
Sami arrived earlier than expected.
Sami put up the decorations.
Sami was exhausted.
Sami set up the tables and chairs.
Sami settled in for a quiet night alone.
Sami forced the door open.
Sami is knocking on Layla's door.
Sami suffered several severe injuries to his body.
Sami was pulled aside by a policeman.
Sami was surprised Layla didn't hear anything.
Sami began to cry.
Sami's story wasn't quite adding up.
Sami washed his hands.
Sami discovered Layla's body in her home.
Sami has been murdered.
Sami didn't show up that night.
Sami isn't answering his cellphone.
Sami was located in Cairo.
Sami tried to call that number back but it didn't work.
Sami is being released on Saturday.
Sami didn't notice anything unsual about Layla that night.
Sami returned.
Sami checked himself into a mental health facility.
Sami was seen sneaking out the back door.
Sami wasn't scheduled to work that Saturday night.
Sami headed back to Cairo to work.
Sami was addicted to gambling.
Sami's story fit Layla's account.
Sami didn't mention Layla.
Sami hit Layla with a lamp.
Sami wasn't supposed to kill anybody.
Sami knew the window didn't lock.
Sami can fix this window.
Sami broke into Layla's house and was looking for whatever he could steal.
Sami hid.
Sami fled into a bedroom.
Sami ended up dead.
Sami didn't intend to kill Layla.
Sami's story wasn't corroborated by the witnesses.
Sami and Layla started hugging.
Sami found out Layla was the murderer.
Sami gave Layla work and fed her.
Sami stabbed Layla six times.
Sami tried to kill himself.
Sami stole from Layla to support his gambling habit.
Sami pled guilty to burglary with battery.
Sami missed Layla.
Sami loved cooking.
Sami was the kind of person who would speak their mind.
Sami was injured.
Sami took medication to alleviate pain.
Sami has already made his mind.
Sami didn't elaborate on that.
Sami asked Layla to reconsider.
Sami and Layla established a friendship right away.
Sami acted like he was old.
Sami and Layla got along good.
Sami and Layla grew irritated with one another.
Sami likes to move my things around.
Sami decided to move to another apartment.
Sami was trying to please Layla.
Sami was taking advantage of his mother.
Sami met Farid while he was in jail.
Sami started visiting Layla in jail.
Sami and Layla started writing each other letters.
Sami's prison term ended.
Sami helped Layla and their mother around their house.
Sami asked Layla to pick him up.
Sami is acting like a fool.
Sami spent a lot of time with Layla, exluding Salima.
Sami ignored Layla.
Sami came out of the room.
Sami and Layla's confrontation turned violent.
Sami walked out of the bedroom.
Sami fell to the ground and cut his hand.
Sami put Layla to bed.
Sami brought Layla something to drink.
Sami was not permitted to visit his mother.
Sami signed over power of attorney to Layla, allowing her to withdraw money from his accounts.
You will arrive at the accurately named Violent River.
These guys only want to make use of you.
Think about this for a moment.
All I could do was cry.
I did not know what to say.
Tom isn't just my brother. He's my best friend, too.
Mary isn't just my sister. She's my best friend, too.
I won't bore you with the details.
Tom has a hectic schedule.
Mary has a hectic schedule.
You're talking about me, aren't you?
You'll have to ask him yourself.
Why don't you just ask him yourself?
Why don't you just ask her yourself?
Tom is the CEO of a billion dollar company.
I'm not sure that I can be there by 2:30.
I'm not sure Tom should do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom should do that again.
I'm not sure that I can believe that.
I'm not sure Tom should do that.
I'm not sure that Tom should do that.
I'm not sure that I can do it.
I'm not sure Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure I can do that again.
I'm not sure that I can do that again.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to go there.
I'm not sure that I can do that.
I'm not sure that Tom wants to talk to me.
I'm not sure that I can do what you asked me to do.
I'm not sure Tom will agree to that.
I'm not sure that Tom will agree to that.
I'm not sure that I can do what you want me to do.
I'm not sure that Tom will be able do that.
I'm not sure that Tom will be there.
I'm not sure that I can swim that far.
I'm not sure that Tom would help.
I'm not sure Tom would let anybody help him.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anybody help him.
I'm not sure that I can wait that long.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anybody help Mary.
I'm not sure that I can win this.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anyone help him.
Tom is as fit as a fiddle.
Everything I thought I knew about Tom was a lie.
Everything I thought I knew about Mary was a lie.
I'm the only one that needs to do that.
I'm the one responsible for doing that.
I'm still reluctant to do that for you.
I'm probably going to do that tomorrow.
I'm one of the three guys who did that.
I'm not very likely to do that anymore.
I'm not used to doing that in the dark.
I'm not the only one who'll be doing that.
I'm not the only one who has done that.
I'm not the only one who can't do that.
I'm not likely to be fired for doing that.
I'm not interested in doing that today.
I'm not brave enough to try doing that.
I'd probably be arrested if I did that.
Tom is hardly an expert.
I watched her from afar.
I watched him from afar.
Mary finished applying her lipstick.
If you want, you can come along.
Tom is in his twenties.
Mary is in her twenties.
You're a waste of space.
It was Mary's turn to be shocked.
It was Tom's turn to be shocked.
Tom sounded excited by the prospect.
It was one of the hardest decisions I've had to make.
He's not my boyfriend. He's just my friend.
She's not my girlfriend. She's just my friend.
Almost everyone does it.
Tom was impressed by Mary's performance.
Tom has telepathic abilities.
Mary has some telepathic abilities.
It will have to do.
You heard me.
"You don't know?" "Don't know what?"
What did Tom lose?
When did you lose your keys?
How often do you lose things?
When was the last time you lost something?
Where are the plates arranged?
The plate is not clean.
Wash your plate, please.
I'm taking the rest of the day off.
Our boss doesn't let us take coffee breaks.
Do you know what time the post office opens?
What time does this museum close?
How do I get to your house?
What's the best way to get to the City Hall?
Do you want me to explain it again?
This plate isn't clean.
These plates aren't clean.
This is the plate that Tom ate off of.
This is Tom's plate.
You already know about what Tom did, don't you?
All you have to do is give this to Tom.
Is it OK if I come in?
Is it all right if I come in?
Can I come, too?
Is it OK if I come?
Is it all right if I come?
May I go, too?
Is it OK if I go?
Is it all right if I go?
Will you be able to come?
That's all I can do for now.
What kind of work is Tom doing nowadays?
Do you want to go hiking with us?
Would you like to go hiking with us?
What do you want to become?
All I want is to be left alone.
I wonder if Tom knows what we're supposed to do.
Please show me those.
The magnets attract the iron.
We have mountain cheese and goat cheese.
The moon is made of cheese.
I need to buy cheese.
I bought some of this cheese.
She puts cheese on slices of bread.
I absolutely do not like goat cheese.
I will prepare a salad of tomatoes and cheese.
My headache stopped.
My headache is beginning to pass.
Thomas woke up with a headache.
Mary pretended to have a headache to avoid answering her cousin's questions.
The boxer had to lose weight for the championship fight.
I don't like goat cheese.
I don't like goat cheese at all.
I hate goat cheese.
I really don't like goat cheese at all.
It's a simple trick of rhetoric.
My headache is beginning to go away.
It doesn't hurt as much as it did before.
He described his ideas in a sentence with a lot of insignificant rhetoric.
After the traffic accident, his car had to be towed by a crane truck.
You have such beautiful lashes.
Sonia was a cute little brunette, with soft eyes, shadowed by long lashes.
The temperature exceeds 30 degrees in the shade.
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.
She seemed happy to see me.
My brother's son is my nephew.
"May I come in?" she asked, trying not to let him see the amusement in her green eyes.
I'm ashamed of my behavior.
She would be my friend.
Would the kids eat fish?
You would say that.
Would they drink water?
When would you be here?
An injury like this should hurt, but it doesn't at all, for some reason.
A: "Maybe you like him?" B: "No way! I don't like him or anything like that. What are you saying?"
Stop joking around! We waven't just met here by mere coincidence. You've been following me in secret all this time because you suspected me.
The building was completed nine months after breaking ground.
Concrete hardens after it's poured.
The employees keep walking into glass doors.
Tom walked right into the glass window.
The European Union is a new caliphate?
Farmers sow wheat in the spring.
Tom broke his own record.
Tom broke the Olympic record.
Ramen is a wheat noodle of Chinese origin.
Tom was accused of money laundering.
Tom has to call his grandmother.
Tom wants a new cell phone.
This bird is beautiful.
Who invented the theory of relativity?
Let's wait a bit!
Your son is a gangster.
"What did Maria write?" "Nothing important."
Tom was arrested for driving without a licence.
Tom's identity was stolen.
Tom was the victim of an identity theft.
It's a disaster waiting to happen.
This is a disaster waiting to happen.
I have to change the sapphire of my phonograph.
The wood is hard.
The sentences proliferate like rabbits. But it's good.
I consider myself very lucky because chance encounters often help me to fulfill my dreams.
No one is more fortunate than the one who believes in his luck.
The authorities released fifteen neglected pigs from a hog barn.
It's not too spicy?
I do not like the smell of garlic.
When the king died, the kingdom was thrown into chaos.
The king had a long and prosperous reign.
The king was forced to abdicate.
Queen Elizabeth had a long and prosperous reign.
Mary paid no attention to him.
Tom paid no attention to her.
I like dancing.
Tom is a theologian.
Tom is in his early fifties.
Run along now.
Mary is in her mid-forties.
Tom dressed casually.
Mary dressed casually.
They've been going out together for six months now.
Tom is a gym nut.
Mary shook her loose hair.
Mary shook her hair loose.
Tom looked incredibly sexy.
She looked incredibly sexy.
Tom wants to get rid of his love handles.
I saw a UFO! I'm serious! Please, believe me. I'm not crazy or anything like that.
I'll have a word with your father.
I need to have a word with your father.
I need to have a word with your mother.
Tom is an anesthesiologist.
May I have a word with your daughter?
Dad isn't sick or anything like that. I'm sure he just wants to laze around.
That magazine isn't interesting or anything like that.
I've just fallen, but it doesn't hurt or anything like that.
There's never a dull moment with you.
There's never a dull moment with Tom.
Tom scared the sheep.
She knew that he was checking her out.
He knew that she was checking him out.
Don't look now, but there's a hot guy checking you out.
Mary moved to the music.
Tom moved to the music.
He's been checking you out all day.
The whole building shook.
Are you ever going to ask her out?
Digging tunnels is boring work.
May I have a word alone with your son?
It is my fault.
It's my responsibility.
Do you still trust your wife?
Are there oceans on other planets?
Europa is thought to have subsurface liquid water.
Scientists hypothesize that Europa's hidden ocean is salty, tidal, and causes its ice surface to move, resulting in large fractures which are visible on its surface.
Earth is the only known planet to have consistent, stable bodies of liquid water on its surface.
Most spiders weave webs.
The spider wove a web.
Tom was still hungry.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom was still hungry.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary was still hungry.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Drop those pigs!
Just let me act!
If you were born again, would you want to be a man or a woman?
If you were born again, which gender would you pick?
If you were born again, which gender would you pick?
Father Tom is praying in the old chapel.
Mary was wearing short shorts.
Tom never missed a day of work.
Geodesists measure and monitor the Earth to determine the exact coordinates of any point.
Geodesists are experts at measuring things.
Meteotsunamis are large waves caused by storms.
When conditions are right, meteotsunamis may occur in many bodies of water around the world, including the Great Lakes.
Some meteotsunamis have been observed to reach heights of 6 feet or more.
Tsunamis are giant oceanic waves triggered primarily by earthquakes that can roll ashore, causing loss of life and disaster.
The International Date Line serves as the "line of demarcation" between two consecutive calendar dates.
The International Date Line, established in 1884, passes through the mid-Pacific Ocean and roughly follows a 180 degrees longitude north-south line on the Earth.
Water temperature and pressure determine how far sound travels in the ocean.
While sound moves at a much faster speed in the water than in air, the distance that sound waves travel is primarily dependant upon ocean temperature and pressure.
The whale called out to its pod.
Waves are created by energy passing through water.
The ocean is never still.
Waves transmit energy, not water, across the ocean and if not obstructed by anything, they have the potential to travel across an entire ocean basin.
Waves are most commonly caused by wind.
Wind-driven waves, or surface waves, are created by the friction between wind and surface water.
As wind blows across the surface of the ocean or a lake, the continual disturbance creates a wave crest.
A wetland is an area of land that is saturated with water.
Wetland habitats serve essential functions in an ecosystem, including acting as water filters, providing flood and erosion control, and furnishing food and homes for fish and wildlife.
During periods of excessive rain, wetlands absorb and slow floodwaters, which helps to alleviate property damage and may even save lives.
Wetlands also absorb excess nutrients, sediments, and other pollutants before they reach rivers, lakes, and other waterbodies.
Wetlands are also great spots for fishing, canoeing, hiking and bird-watching.
Aquaculture is the breeding, rearing, and harvesting of fish, shellfish, plants, algae and other organisms in all types of water environments.
I don't like the smell of garlic.
Is it too spicy?
It's not too spicy, is it?
Tom has been accused of money laundering.
I could not find that word in the dictionary.
Between you and me there is a big difference.
I couldn't find the word I was looking for in the dictionary.
Tom put his backpack on the table.
Tom is wearing a ridiculous hat.
Contact me for more information.
Tom has to brush his teeth.
Mary wants to marry a banker because she loves money.
Mozart, who was originally from Salzburg, composed the Magic Flute.
Who did you give the flowers to?
Which of Beethoven's symphonies do you find most beautiful?
Who gave you those flowers?
Who did you get those flowers from?
Who gave those flowers to you?
Tom turned on his blinker.
Tom got dressed and put on his shoes.
Sami cut Layla's head off.
Tom canceled our date last night.
Sami sent Layla to an early grave.
Sami was a devil in disguise.
If I ever see anyone in public or in TV wearing the same shirt that I own, I will never wear it again. In fact, I need to donate those shirts to charity.
I feel bloated after eating a plate of Pad Thai.
Sami spent more and more time apart from his wife.
Sami took his children to a lake house in Ontario.
Sami had plenty of spare time.
Sami lived in a nearby town.
Sami's wife went missing.
Sami contacted a private detective.
Sami was contacted by Layla's mother.
Sami was reported missing.
Sami met a woman in a bar.
Sami came back to the mansion.
Sami was walking around the house.
Sami realized the peril he was in.
Sami allowed Layla to perform that dangerous sexual act on him.
Sami started to apply too much pressure on Layla's neck.
Sami sumbitted to that dangerous sexual game.
Sami drowned in his pool.
Sami pretended he had passed out.
Sami surprised Layla.
Sami talked Layla into driving him back to the bar.
Sami is involved in Layal's disappearance.
Sami skipped town.
Sami remained at large.
Sami's friends continued to disappear.
Sami was convinced that Farid was a serial killer.
Sami was stunned by that discovery.
Sami was startled, to say the least.
Sami found a skull in the cave.
I like the sound of the oud.
Sami discovered human remains in the basement of that house.
Most westerner's cultural horizons end with Led Zepplin's Cashmere song.
Tom stinks.
Mary has three infants.
Tom's feet stink.
Bedtime is at seven for the children.
Just as Tom looked up, an icicle fell from overhang of roof.
The hunter unexpectedly found fresh blood droplets in the snow.
Sami tried to help Layla through her psychiatric problems.
Sami made Layla's psychiatric condition worse.
Sami is not going to do that.
Sami admitted he killed Layla.
Sami admitted to killing Layla.
Sami hired a good defense team.
Sami was betrayed in a very bad way.
Sami was driven to kill by his wife's behavior.
Sami's wife was constantly taunting him.
Sami's taunting compelled Layla to snap.
Sami snapped and shot Layla.
Sami will be convicted of murder.
Sami recognized Layla.
Sami planned the thing meticulously.
Sami wanted to dump Layla's body in the marsh.
Sami liked to go out a lot.
Sami liked to dance.
Sami was battling lung cancer.
Sami didn't visit Layla in the hospital.
Sami recovered from his cancer.
Sami called.
Sami has been drinking.
Sami thinks Layla has been drinking.
Sami is coming back.
Sami can hurt Layla.
Sami defended himself against blow after blow.
Sami's patience reached a breaking time.
Sami crumbled to the floor.
Sami took a lot of blows to the head.
Sami blacked out.
Sami took the groceries out of the trunk.
Sami attempted to set Layla's body on fire.
Sami's body was decomposing.
Sami's body was burnt.
Sami covered Layla's body with newspapers.
Sami has been lying dead in his garage for at least six days.
Sami didn't intend to divorce Layla.
Sami wanted a divorce.
Sami used excessive force to defend himself.
Get married already!
Sami needed to do that right.
Sami searched everything.
Sami's bag was seized by police.
Sami bought a Rolex watch.
Sami told Layla that he wanted a divorce.
Sami returned home from shopping.
Sami and Layla began fighting.
Sami dragged Layla into the garage.
Sami beat his wife with a baseball bat.
Sami lit a fire in the garage.
Sami didn't know what to do.
Sami moved to plan B.
Sami drove Layla's body to the woods and buried it there.
Sami tried to lift Layla's body, but he couldn't.
Sami left Layla's body decaying in the garage.
Sami put a sheet over his wife's body.
Sami was expecting company.
Sami wanted to look his best.
Sami had a tailor come over. He wanted a new suit.
Sami was unmasked.
Sami went on trial for murder.
Sami is facing the death penalty this time.
Sami calls Layla bitch.
Sami was released on parole.
Sami died a few years later.
Sami really felt his father was an animal.
Sami will be sentenced to life in prison.
Sami's dictionary was sitting on the seat.
Sami found a feather in the car.
Sami found this condom in there.
Sami bought and sold repossessed homes.
Sami's car was inspected by investigators.
Sami tried to lure Layla out of hiding.
Sami scared the hell out of Layla.
Sami put the car in the garage.
Sami threw the bait in the water.
Sami's killer was cought.
Sami's bulldog dug up human bones.
Sami left the car outside Layla's home.
Sami saw the car sitting on the street, outside Layla's house.
Sami was driving the car around.
Sami got in the car.
Sami sold the stolen car to a gang member.
Sami ditched the stolen car.
Sami was cleared of murder.
Sami rolled his window down.
Sami stole the vehicle.
Sami's car was found abandoned miles from home.
Sami kidnapped Layla, took her to the woods and killed her.
Sami dropped Layla home after the concert.
Sami went inside.
Sami drove away.
Sami believed Layla was safe.
Sami missed the appointment.
Sami used a pillow to muffle the sound of his gun.
Sami was very surprised.
Sami was handcuffed.
Sami was shot to the base of the skull.
Sami began masquerading as a physician.
Sami gave Layla an injection.
Sami heard the shocking news.
Sami was playing an important role in Layla's life.
Sami started firing at us with an Uzi.
Sami thought he could outsmart the police.
Sami destroyed his own children.
Sami buried Layla in Cairo.
Sami brought Layla back to Cairo.
Sami's family were slaughtered in their home.
Sami received a phone call in the dead of night.
Sami desperately phoned police.
Sami lived about two hours east of Cairo.
Sami couldn't have children.
Sami adopted Layla.
Sami was divorced.
Sami and Layla did not get along.
Sami disapproved very much Layla's lifestyle.
Sami lived in a separate farmhouse owned by his father.
Sami liked to shock people.
Sami liked to provoke Layla by saying outrageous things.
Sami has beed diagnosed with a mental disorder.
Sami hasn't modelled in years.
Sami staggered downstairs.
Sami was lying dead in his bed.
Sami was still sucking his thumb.
Sami got up.
You have good taste in movies.
Sami thought that Layla's son was fathered by the devil.
Sami claimed his father's farmhouse to himself.
Sami wrote a letter from prison.
Sami was passionately determined to try to establish his innocence.
Sami pored over the documents.
Sami's daughter didn't have the physical strength to overcome her father.
Sami never acted out aggressively.
Sami began shooting everybody.
Sami has never stopped claiming his innocence.
Sami won't win this game.
Sami made three appeals agains his conviction. Each one was dismissed.
Sami was the darling of Layla's eye.
Sami played the tuba with his band.
Sami's birth brought Farid and Layla closer.
Sami had to pay for it.
Sami has just lost his house and wife.
Sami's wife was left to raise her child alone.
Sami forced Layla to sign the document.
Sami typed out the document himself.
Sami was struck down by a mystery illness.
Sami was vomitting.
Sami will care for Layla.
Sami was probably dying.
Sami trusted Layla and why wouldn't he.
Sami insisted he take Layla to the hospital.
Sami had no doubt about who should be blamed for Layla's death.
Sami married his mistress, Layla Bakir.
Sami pulled a needle out of his pocket.
Sami's needle contained poison.
Sami kept his weight at exactly 160 pounds.
Sami injected bacteria in some of the pastries Layla ate.
Sami neglected Layla when she died.
Sami was poisoned.
I have one of your letters.
Sami went on the run while awaiting trial.
Sami passed the polygraph test and walked free.
Sami launched a suit against Layla.
Sami Bakir defended Layla at her famous trial back in 2006.
Sami would never condone what Layla did.
Sami understood what motivated Layla to do that.
I'm not sure that I feel the same way about that.
I'm not sure that Tom would let anyone help Mary.
I'm not sure that I feel the same way.
I'm not sure that Tom would let Mary do that.
I'm not sure that I feel the same.
I'm not sure that Tom would let me do that.
I'm not sure that I have enough time to clean my room before I go to school.
I'm not sure that Tom would let me drive.
I'm not sure that I have enough time to finish this report.
I'm not sure Tom would recognize me.
I'm not sure that Tom would recognize me.
I'm not sure that I have enough time to help you.
I'm not sure that Tom would want Mary to kiss him.
I'm not sure that I have enough time.
I'm not sure that Tom would want me to give you that.
I'm not sure that I have the answers you're looking for.
I'm not sure that we can trust Tom.
I'm not sure that I know what to do.
I'm not sure that you realize how important Tom is to me.
I'm not sure that I know what you're getting at.
I'm not sure that you'll be able to reach Tom.
I'm not sure that I know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I like it.
I'm sure Tom can do that again.
I'm sure that Tom can do that again.
I'm not sure that I like this plan.
I'm not sure that I like this.
I'm sure Tom has to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom has to do that again.
I'm not sure that I need to do that.
I'm sure that Tom has to do that.
I'm not sure that I really know how to do it correctly.
I'm sure Tom needs to do that again.
I'm sure that Tom needs to do that again.
I'm not sure that I really know what to do.
I'm sure that Tom needs to do that.
I'm not sure I really need to do that.
I'm sure Tom should do that.
I'm sure that Tom should do that.
I'm not sure that I really understand this.
If I'd known Tom needed help, I could've helped him.
If I'd known that Tom needed help, I could've helped him.
I'm not sure that I really want that.
I'm not sure that I really want to do this.
I'm not sure that I see your point.
I'm not sure that I share your optimism.
I'm not sure that I should do that.
I'm not sure I should trust you.
I'm not sure that I trust you anymore.
I'm not sure that I trust you.
I'm not sure that I understand exactly what you're trying to do.
I'm not sure that I understand exactly what you're trying to say.
I'm not sure that I understand what you mean.
I'm not sure that I understand what you're saying.
I'm not sure that I understand what you're trying to say.
I'm not sure that I understand.
I'm not sure that I want that.
I'm not sure that I want the job.
I'm not sure that I want to be doing this.
I'm not sure that I want to do anything.
I'm not sure that I want to do that.
I'm not sure that I want to do this now.
I'm not sure that I want to do this.
I'm not sure that I want to get involved.
I'm not sure that I want to go there by myself.
I'm not sure that I want to see it.
I'm not sure that I want to see this.
I'm not sure that I want to touch that.
I'm not sure that I want you to see this.
I'm not sure that I'd be much help.
I'm not sure that I'd want to live here.
I'm not sure that I'll be able to do that.
I'm not sure that I'll be able to help you with that.
I'm not sure that I'll be much help.
I'm not sure that I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure that I'm ready for this.
I'm not sure that I'm ready to do that.
I'm not sure that I'm ready to do this.
I'm not sure that I'm ready.
I'm not sure that I've got it right.
I'm not sure that it'll do you any good.
I'm not sure that it's a good idea for you to do that.
I'm not sure that it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I'm not sure that it's a good idea.
I'm not sure that it's real.
I'm not sure that it's the right decision.
I'm not sure that it's wise for me to stay.
I'm not sure that it's wise for you to do that.
I'm not sure that it's worth it.
I'm not sure that my parents would want me to give you that.
I'm not sure that that'll do you any good.
I'm not sure that that's a good idea.
I'm not sure that that's a good thing.
I'm not sure that that's all true.
I'm not sure that that's going to happen anytime soon.
I'm not sure that that's possible.
I'm not sure that that's suitable.
I'm not sure that that's the case.
I'm not sure that that's true.
I'm not sure that that's what I have to do.
I'm not sure that that's what I need to do.
I'm not sure that that's what I need.
I'm not sure that that's what I want to do.
Sami speaks with the heavy Arabic accent of his birthplace.
Sami slept with a pistol under his pillow.
Sami owned a farm in Egypt.
Sami was described as a quiet guy.
Sami formed his own polo team.
Sami knew that the best polo players were imported.
Sami can't afford this.
Sami fell for one of those students.
Sami's daughter wasn't the first woman to fall under Farid's spell.
Sami assumed Farid was a wealthy playboy.
Sami sent money home.
Sami liked to mix business with pleasure.
I'm not sure that there's a problem.
I'm not sure that this is a good idea.
I'm not sure that this is a very good idea.
I'm not sure that this is necessary.
I'm not sure that this is such a good idea.
I'm not sure that this is the time.
I'm not sure was a good idea.
I'm not sure that we have any choice.
I'm not sure that we have any other choice.
I'm not sure that we have much of a choice.
I'm not sure that we're doing the right thing.
I'm not sure that you can be of much help.
I'm not sure that you have much of a choice.
I'm not sure that you'll have enough time to do everything we've asked you to do.
I'm not sure that you'll have the time to do that.
I'm not sure that you'll have the time.
I'm not sure that you'll like it.
I'm not sure that you're going to like this.
I'm not sure that you're going to understand this.
I'm not sure that you're going to want to do that.
I'm not sure that you're ready.
I'm not the only one who's planning on doing that.
I'm not the only one who's planning to do that.
I'm not very good at doing that yet.
I'm not yet very good at doing that.
I'm positive I can do that.
I'm sure I can do that again.
I'm sure that I can do that again.
I'm sure that I can do that.
I'm sure you can do that again.
I'm sure that you can do that again.
I'm the only one planning on doing that.
I'm the only one planning to do that.
I'm unlikely to do that again.
I'm not likely to do that again.
I'm very glad I didn't do that.
Nobody but you could've done it this well.
There was nothing anybody could've done.
You should've had someone proofread your essay.
You should've had somebody proofread your essay.
You should've warned me this might happen.
You should've warned me that this might happen.
You aren't expecting me to do that, are you?
Sami is earning a lot of money.
Please tell Tom to call me.
Please have Tom call me.
I'm very unlikely to start doing that.
I'm very likely to be able to do that.
I'm the person who did that yesterday.
I'm the only one who's doing that now.
I'm the only one who likes doing that.
I'm the only one who enjoy doing that.
I'm the only one who couldn't do that.
I'm still willing to do that for free.
I'm still able to do that pretty well.
I'm sick, so I probably won't do that.
I'm probably not doing this correctly.
I'm probably going to stop doing that.
I'm pretty good at doing that already.
I'm only halfway finished doing this.
I'm only halfway finished doing that.
I'm not the one who's been doing that.
I'm not the one that needs to do that.
I'm not supposed to be doing this now.
I'm not going to try to do that today.
I'm not going to force you to do that.
I'm not going to do that until Monday.
Sami feared for his safety.
Sami decided to take action.
They eat ham.
Sami scheduled a second meeting with the police chief.
Sami threatened Layla.
Sami acknowledged having shot Layla.
Sami demanded a lawyer.
Sami put the knife down.
Sami wanted to control the situation.
Sami got out of that house.
Sami started firing the gun.
Sami could back up his claim of self-defense.
Sami consulted with his lawyer before talking to police.
Sami has been shot six times while seated.
Tom used to be a car salesman.
Sami chopped off Farid's penis with a kitchen knife.
Sami gave a very detailed explanation of what had happened in that kitchen.
Tom used to sell cars.
Tom used to be the pitcher on our team.
Tom used to be a private detective.
Tom used to be pretty good at tennis.
Tom used to work in a bank.
Tom used to drive a Japanese car.
Tom used to always complain about the weather.
Tom used to come over every Monday evening and play music with me.
Tom used to be a better cook than Mary.
This banana is green.
This banana is brown.
This banana is almost completely black.
This banana is yellow.
He's dead.
Mary is a milkmaid.
Tom is a tailor.
Tom is a milkman.
Tom is a blacksmith.
Tom is a brewer.
Tom is a miller.
Tom is a cooper.
Tom is a joiner.
Tom is a mason.
Mary is a mason.
Tom is a machinist.
Tom is a car mechanic.
Mary is a seamstress.
Most of Downtown Abbey was shot at Highclere Castle in Hampshire, England.
The castle and gardens are open to the public during the summer months.
The castle was in dire need of major repairs.
The stonework is starting to crumble.
Lord Carnarvon financed the excavation of Tutankhamun's tomb.
Lord Carnarvon was an amateur Egyptologist.
Lord Carnarvon died after being bit by a mosquito. This lead to the legend of the "Curse of Tutankhamun", also known as the "Curse of the Mummy."
Tom's wife remarried after his death.
Tom's wife remarried shortly after his death.
Tom remarried after his wife's death.
Tom remarried shortly after his wife's death.
Now you've really done it!
Are you going to cry now?
All I wanted to do was cry.
You aren't going to cry, are you?
May the Lord be with you.
Tom graduated by the seat of his pants.
I love him like a brother.
I love her like a sister.
Tom beat the pants off me.
Mary beat Tom at miniature golf.
Tom is a cashier at the local supermarket.
Mary is a registered nurse.
Tom is a baggage handler.
Tom is an agronomist.
Tom is an air traffic controller.
Tom is an archeologist.
Tom is an art critic and historian.
Mary is an art restorer.
Tom is a baker.
Tom is a barman.
Tom is a barber.
Mary is a hairdresser.
Mary is a barmaid.
Mary is a beautician.
Tom is a farrier.
Tom is an innkeeper.
This isn't going to end well.
Tom is a bricklayer.
Tom is a butler.
Tom is Mary's butler.
The harvest failed.
You must learn to adapt.
Mary is a taxi dispatcher.
Tom is a cabinet maker.
Mary is a career diplomat.
Tom is a cartographer.
Tom is a cheese maker.
Tom is a chimney sweep.
Tom is a circus performer.
Mary is a circus artist.
Tom is the choir master.
Mary is the choir mistress.
Tom is a composer.
Tom is a computer engineer.
Tom is a conductor.
Mary conducted the orchestra using a baton.
Tom conducted the orchestra using a baton.
Tom is a museum conservator.
Tom is a croupier.
Mary is a dance teacher.
Tom is a debt collector.
Tom is a dishwasher.
Tom was awfully bored.
Mary was awfully bored.
Tom is an economist.
Tom is a flying instructor.
Tom is a geneticist.
Tom is a stable boy.
We were attacked by bandits.
We were ambushed by bandits.
Tom is a geographer.
We were attacked by brigands.
We were attacked by highwaymen.
We were attacked by ruffians.
Tom is a geologist.
Tom takes good care of his horse.
Tom is a geophysicist.
Mary is a jewellery maker.
Tom is a glass melter.
Tom is a glazier.
Tom is a goldsmith.
Mary is a graphic designer.
Tom is a gunsmith.
Mary is a tourist guide.
Mary is a lacemaker.
Tom is a horse breeder.
Tom is a hotel receptionist.
Tom is a jeweller.
Tom is a judge.
Tom is a land surveyor.
Tom is a landscape architect.
Tom is a librarian.
Mary is a lifeguard.
Mary is a make-up artist.
Mary is a mathematician.
Tom is a mechanical engineer.
The horses were restless.
Tom is a meteorologist.
Tom is a metrologist.
Tom is sleeping in the stables.
How could anyone be so cruel?
Tom is a model maker.
Tom is a mountain guide.
Tom is a nutritionist.
Tom is a pawnbroker.
Tom is a physiotherapist.
The pizza maker tossed the dough.
Tom is the postmaster.
Tom is a postal worker.
Tom is a postman.
They can't and they don't want to adapt themself to the customs of Christian Europe.
Tom is a psychologist.
Tom is a public notary.
Tom is a roofer.
Tom is a shepherd.
Tom is a goatherd.
Mary is a singer.
Tom is a solicitor.
Tom is a barrister.
Tom is a sound engineer.
Mary is a speech therapist.
Tom is a stable hand.
Tom is a groom.
Tom is a knight.
Tom is a squire.
Tom is a statistician.
Tom is a lion tamer.
Tom is a tanner.
Mary is a postwoman.
Tom is an optometrist.
Tom is a watchmaker.
Tom is a window cleaner.
Tom is a welder.
Tom lives in a house on the edge of the village.
Now you see me, now you don't.
Tom works as a window cleaner.
Tom used to be a welder.
Tom said he wants to become a psychologist.
Tom never was a good skier.
Tom worked as a lifeguard last summer.
Both Tom and Mary are graphic designers.
Tom and Mary are both graphic designers.
The yellow haze of smog mixed with the sunset making the sky green against the horizon.
How do you always manage to look so good?
How do you always manage to look so beautiful?
How do you always manage to look so perfect?
Tom put his hand on the small of her back.
Look at those two lovebirds.
How do you always manage to look so gorgeous?
You really know how to make a girl feel special.
I love the sound of the 808 drum machine.
You sure know how to make a girl feel special.
This must have cost a fortune!
So far so good.
Measures were taken.
Something has gone bad.
Open all the windows.
I detest pronouns.
He is recharging after a long day.
I can't wait for the first snow.
"Dark forces are uniting against us," said Mary. "Do you want more soup, Mary?" said Tom.
"I never eat processed food," said Mary.
"Look, Mary. These snow flakes are exactly the same," said Tom.
Pour this kettle of hot tea over the frozen windshield.
Don't tailgate this truck.
Let's open the windows and air this place out.
What kind of parent introduces their children to drugs?
How can we defend ourselves?
I need privacy.
There's no question.
Are you ready for something new?
When I look at art all day, afterwards, on my way home, everything looks like a work of art.
This is spectacular piece.
I'm studying geology.
The ant dropped her dead sister into the hot tub. True story.
The volcanos here are active.
Tom goes to Germany.
Tom will build a big house.
Tom goes to Australia at least once a year.
Tom goes to Boston three or four times a month.
Mary, who is 25 years old, is a baker.
The polar bear would have killed me if I hadn't forced my arm into its mouth.
The sled dogs are starving.
We'll attack when the moon is full. They'll be expecting an attack then, of course.
Hours before the department store opened, we'd play cheese using cologne bottles as pieces.
Tom fell out of the treehouse and got the wind knocked out of him.
Tom eats protein after every workout.
The frothy sea kisses the beach sand.
The Romans used bread and circuses to placate the underclasses.
This weather is depressing.
This morning I found myself wrapped in a cocoon of blankets.
My body has all the protein it needs to repair itself after a hard cardio workout.
Tom decided to grow sideburns.
Tom will buy a book.
The ball, which is red, is pretty.
You wanted to be happy.
Your poetry is great.
Tom runs because he does not want to miss his train.
Who wrote this text?
Austria is south of central Europe.
What are these round nougat candies called?
Do you like Mozartkugeln?
Thomas planted his ice ax in the ice.
Do you know who invented Mozartkugeln?
A government statement warned of the risk of war in the country.
What are the limits of human knowledge?
In our family, everything revolves around children.
The Rhine is the largest river in Germany.
It's almost Christmas!
Nobody is irreplaceable.
Tom and Mary met on the terrace of a cafe.
Fuck your opinion.
Fuck your guys's opinion.
Tom loved Heinrich Heine's poems.
Where did you put my gloves?
Go get my hat!
Mary had taken the hat out of the box.
Mary's husband always wears the same hat.
Yesterday his hat was blown away by the wind.
This is not his hat?
She lost her hat, but found it immediately.
I love farmhouse cheese.
Sami sold his soul to the devil to get what he wanted.
I love the distribution of gifts.
You love to annoy me.
My daughter loves to swing.
Sami wanted to leave Layla.
I love the Marseille metro.
Sami was heartbroken when he heard about the affair.
Sami didn't want his marriage to crumble.
Sami and Layla decided to reconcile.
Sami asked Layla to call Farid.
I love reading in bed.
Sami wanted to lure Layla back.
Sami and Layla continued their relationship.
You are really adorable.
Sami tried to repent his sins.
Sami's lover met his wife.
Sami took Layla's daughter under his wing.
Sami raised Layla's baby.
Sami asked Layla to move to Cairo.
Sami gave Layla a map of Egypt.
Sami planned to marry Layla.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of the picture.
Sami would do anything Layla asks.
Sami needed Layla.
Sami knows someone who could take care of Layla, I mean, someone who could kill her.
Sami recruited a hitman.
Sami met Layla and fell in love with her.
"I love Roquefort cheese." "Me, I hate that. "
Sami is madly in love with Layla.
I love to prepare food.
I love playing chess.
It's clear he loves it.
"I love this actor!" "I hate him."
Jupiter was worshiped by the Romans.
I love my new class.
Sabine loves plums.
Emilien wants to eat fried prickly pears.
I made a petition for there to be fig cookies in the university restaurants. Do you want to sign it?
I really enjoyed the pretzels and the mulled wine with cinnamon.
Buy a salt pretzel to go with your beer.
I want roast chicken.
Sami was born in Cairo and he's Jewish.
Sami turned his life around when he married Layla.
Tom wants another slice of watermelon.
I eat a slice of watermelon.
I ate a slice of ham.
I'm going to eat a banana.
Here is a recipe of banana caramel that can replace Nutella advantageously.
Bananas are good for your health.
A banana is delicious.
Sami's wife, Layla, was charged with murder.
Sami was found guilty of first-degree murder.
Sami died in prison.
Sami fooled every person around him, including his wife.
Sami was pretending.
Sami killed without a care in the world.
Sami wanted to fulfill his fantasies with Layla.
Sami sent Layla's son to an early grave.
For dessert, Marie had made her chocolate cake and a fruit salad.
Sami wanted to inherit everything.
Sami lived in a bayou town in Louisiana.
Sami was enjoying a leisurely life.
We know by the flowers the quality of the fruit.
Sami's money can't buy him happiness.
It is the best fish and seafood restaurant in the city.
It is from its fruit that we recognize a tree.
In the morning, I cannot eat fruit.
Sami risked a great deal.
I queue in front of the grocery store.
I'm waiting for my turn in front of the grocery store.
Sami was humiliated by his wife's affair.
Sami couldn't contain his rage.
Sami was accused of infidelity with Farid's wife.
Sami vowed revenge.
Sami dressed in his wife's clothes.
I can't stop eating dried figs.
Sami was not a man with his head screwed on straight.
I bought a huge bag of dried figs yesterday.
I found out my ancestors from the old country loved figs.
My grandmother, before she passed away, always asked for figs from the grocery store.
My father had a newspaper route and bought a hot rod car before he could drive at fifteen years old.
My father was an ambitious man and would drink massive amounts of coffee.
My father taught me to eat sardines on crackers with mustard.
My father taught me to eat cold boiled potatoes and drink cheap beer while watching Combat! and The Rat Patrol on television.
Sami would certainly know how to do that.
Sami was prepared to do anything for Layla.
Sami wants more.
The government started rounding up and arresting dissenters, idealists, and Esperanto-speakers.
I'm not expected to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I'm lucky to still be able to do that.
Tom and Mary have bought a new house.
I'm likely to be excused from doing that.
Tom and Mary had lunch together in the cafeteria.
I'm going to be ready to do that soon.
Tom and Mary played cards together all evening.
I'm very unlikely to stop doing that.
Tom slept on the beach.
I'm very unlikely to do that anymore.
I'm the person that needs to do that.
Tom decided to buy Mary something special for her birthday.
I'm the only one that has to do that.
Tom didn't think he could do that.
I'm the only one that did that wrong.
Sami quit his job.
Sami denied it.
Sami didn't learn his lesson.
Sami salvaged his career.
Sami found another victim.
Sami was battling a heroine addiction.
Sami was on the road to getting his life back.
Sami gave Layla his special attention.
Sami was sexually involved with a staff member.
Sami and Layla couldn't keep their hands off each other.
Sami was visiting Layla every day.
Sami checked out of rehab.
Sami was discharged from his treatment program.
Sami was devastated.
Sami ended his relationship with Layla.
Sami detailed his love for Layla in his journal.
Sami couldn't cope with rejection.
Sami couldn't cope with rejection.
Sami couldn't cope with rejection.
Sami couldn't cope with rejection.
Sami was afraid of failure.
Sami wouldn't talk to Layla like that.
Sami called his ex-girlfriend.
Sami called Layla to come and get him.
Sami picked Layla up from her house.
Sami was very afraid of being rejected.
Sami dumped Layla.
Sami needed to be accepted.
Sami wanted to be loved by everybody.
Sami was desperate to get his girlfriend back.
Sami was enraged.
Sami shot Layla several times.
Sami rang Layla and she came running.
Sami helped Layla get rid of the body.
Sami didn't want to get caught with a body.
Sami dismembered the body.
Sami wanted to erase Layla's identity.
Stalin studied Esperanto at one point, but in his later years, he had Esperanto speakers executed, exiled, or sent to gulags.
This isn't my hat.
I love to play chess.
Sami dragged himself outside.
This isn't Tom's hat.
This isn't Tom's hat, is it?
I don't think this is Tom's hat.
Sami didn't regain consciousness.
Tom always wears the same hat.
Sami returned with help to finish the job.
Tom only has one hat.
Sami assumed Layla was dead.
Sami set about destroying any evidence he might have left.
Sami recognized one of the thugs who assaulted Layla.
Sami knew who attacked him.
Sami didn't reveal the identity of his assailants.
Sami would die a horrible death.
Tom is running because he doesn't want to miss his train.
Tom has decided to grow sideburns.
Tom has started growing a beard.
Sami wanted to rob Layla.
Sami drove his gang of thieves to Layla's home.
Tom lives in a house on the edge of town.
I wish I was in a Paris cafe right now.
Why was Tom angry yesterday?
I wish I was reading Tintin on a train to Belgium.
I have three brothers and two sisters.
Sami wanted to eliminate the witnesses.
Sami lit a fire to destroy all the evidence.
Tom plays table tennis fairly well.
Sami didn't expect that to happen.
Why don't you come over to my place this evening?
Sami turned on Layla as the mastermind of this crime.
I'll be waiting for you on the sidewalk in front of the concert hall.
"I wish I was part of a worldwide volunteer vigilante nunchuck patrol. I'd be like swish-swish-smash! Oh, sorry I broke your arm, criminal," said Tom.
Sami hopped from the bed.
Sami fired and shot the intruder with precision.
Tom plays the drums very well.
Nobody really knows what the truth is.
It's a lot warmer today than it was yesterday.
I didn't really want to go to Boston last weekend, but I had to.
Tom opened the door quietly, so he wouldn't wake Mary up.
Sami and Layla's marriage was flourishing.
Sami's long days at work added to Layla's stress.
Sami found a way to keep himself amused.
Sami started an affair with Layla.
Sami started suspecting Layla was seeing other men.
Sami should get out of that marriage.
Sami decided to leave the house.
Sami pointed the gun at Layla.
Who's taller?
Sami absolutely lost it.
This afternoon there was a double homicide committed less than two miles away from here.
Sami threatened his wife with a gun.
Sami filed for divorce.
Sami wanted to hurt Layla.
Sami and Layla shared custody of their six children.
Do you know that boy's name?
Are these your books?
We don't know exactly what we're supposed to do.
I can speak French fairly well, but I still make a lot of mistakes.
I can make myself understood in French, but I still make a lot of mistakes.
Sami and Layla moved to Egypt.
I ordered a large turmeric and honey latte today at the local hipster cafe.
I have to clean my home.
Sami attempted to get his daughter's custody.
I was living in Mongolia.
Sami is going to regret this.
It's me. Can I come in?
Sami can't forget it.
I think it's going to snow tonight.
Tom says he hasn't eaten anything for three days.
Tom says he hasn't eaten anything since three days ago.
Sami broke into Layla's house and raped her.
Tom told me that he thought this book was interesting.
"In less than two years, there will be a commercially-viable Internet for dogs," said Tom. "Why can't they use the same one?" asked Mary. "Because it's for dogs only! Duh!" replied Tom.
Sami forced Layla to write a confession that implicated her and her lover in Farid's death.
What's the longest river in Australia?
Tom and I rented a rowboat and went rowing.
Sami won his custody battle.
Sami looked at himself as somebody smarter than anybody else.
How long did you have to wait for Tom?
Tom's father isn't as old as Mary's.
Tom's father isn't as old as Mary's father.
Sami had lots of mental and emotional problems and he treated them with alcohol.
Sami doesn't even trust his wife, Layla.
Sami accused Layla of having an affair.
I'll be free after 2:30.
I've been sick all week.
Tom has been sick all week.
I found my wallet that I thought I'd lost last week.
Tom lives near the park.
I don't think Tom would do such a thing.
Sami has been drinking all day.
Tom stole Mary's butter on a regular basis.
My money is all gone.
Tom ate a whole stick of butter on dare.
Tom lost his keys at Mary's place.
Tom walked home drunk in the fresh snow.
Tom wore dark clothing and was killed by a motorist last evening.
Tom loaned Mary a dollar.
Sami escaped the flames through the window.
Tom bought discount T-shirts at the Hispanic department store nearby.
Mary jokingly commented that the kitchen staff probably farted on Tom's salad.
May I go home.
Tom may be here this afternoon.
Tom might be here this afternoon.
I'd like to go to Boston with Tom.
I wish I could go to Boston with Tom.
Everyone in the class laughed at Tom.
Everybody in the class laughed at Tom.
I don't want to give a speech in French.
I have to give a speech in French next Monday.
Give me something hot to drink.
I have to write an essay in French.
Driving at night without your headlights on is dangerous.
Would you mind closing the windows?
I don't like being forced to do anything.
There's no denying that that happened.
We have a small vegetable garden behind our house.
Those books on the table are mine.
I think that what Tom told you is true.
I think that what Tom told you is the truth.
I think that what Tom told you isn't true.
I think Tom was exaggerating.
I think that Tom was exaggerating.
Sami wanted to offer Layla a place to stay.
Sami carved a symbol into Layla's wooden cabinet.
Sami vandalized Layla's desk.
Sami was sleeping with Layla's 16-year-old daugther.
Sami passed Layla off as his cousin.
I asked Tom what he wanted.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary wanted.
I kept silent because I didn't know what to say.
I kept silent because I didn't have anything to say.
I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
Sami injected Layla with a pretty heavy dose of meth.
Sami wanted Layla to suffer.
I think it was Tom that I saw getting on the bus.
I'm pretty sure that it was Tom that I saw kissing Mary.
Sami beat Layla on the head.
Sami kicked Layla to death.
Sami thought Layla was a police informant.
Sami ordered Layla to kill Farid.
Sami took off running.
I don't remember when I did that.
I don't remember what time I'm supposed to meet Tom.
I don't remember why I did that.
I don't remember how much money this cost me.
Sami gave up the chase.
Sami heard a loud noise.
Sami's face was covered in blood.
Sami told police there had been a murder committed.
Sami came out of the woods, covered in blood.
I'll do whatever you want me to.
I'll eat whatever Tom cooks.
I'll buy whatever Tom tells me to.
I'll eat the same thing Tom eats.
I'll buy the same thing Tom buys.
Tom jumped out of the trench, ran towards the machine gun nest, and hurled a grenade into it all the while amidst a hail of bullets.
Do you know what time Tom left this morning?
What time did Tom leave this morning?
Please feel free to eat anything in the refrigerator.
Tom is much younger than I thought he was.
Tom is much younger than you think he is.
Sami started smoking dope regularly.
Either you or I have to do that.
I'm sure Tom did his best.
Don't open this window.
Don't let Tom leave before I get there.
Sami pulled Layla out of her SUV.
Sami was attacked by a group of masked men.
Sami refused to talk.
Sami is gonna enter hell.
Sami knew how to break Layla.
Sami penetrated Layla's vagina with a knife.
Sami was sexually assaulted while Layla was made to watch.
"This is the last time," said Tom. "You always say that," replied Mary.
Without you help, I wouldn't have been able to do that.
Without your help, I couldn't have done that.
Sami gave in to his assailants' demands.
Sami held Layla against the wall.
Sami reported the sexual assault.
I wish I could run as fast as you.
Sami stopped cooperating with the police.
Sami wasn't interested in the justice system and wanted revenge street-style.
Sami was going to pay.
Sami was wearing a mask.
Sami used this phrase a lot.
Sami used this phrase a lot.
Sami's daughter was sexually assaulted.
Sami wanted to torture Layla for what she did to him.
Sami murdered an innocent man.
Sami didn't listen and killed Layla anyway.
I didn't see Tom at the airport.
Where do you suppose Tom went?
Sami put a bag over Layla's head and suffocated her.
Sami was just looking for someone to punish.
Sami smelt like a pig.
Sami's rage clouded his judgment.
Sami has worked with a lot of rape victims.
Sami projected a tough facade.
You look a bit like my brother.
Sami's volcano blew.
You have to do that whether you like it or not.
How long did you work today?
Sami cleaned his shoes.
Sami worked very hard to provide a stable environment for his children.
Sami is going out.
Sami's mother sold him to a man for a few beers.
Sami's mother abandoned him when he was just six.
I'm here and ready.
The cookies Tom baked this afternoon are really delicious.
I'd like to live on a farm.
Who's that man painting the fence?
I'm sure Tom will be home before dark.
Do you love my mother?
Sami started taking his anger out on Layla's children.
I want to learn how to play chess.
Tom says he'll teach me how to play chess.
Why are those people over there standing in line?
Who created this oil painting?
I wish you a wonderful evening!
It's cold outside, so don't forget to wear a hat.
Tom waters the lawn every day.
Tom confuses his right with his left.
Are all those people waiting for Tom?
Tom speaks French pretty well.
It's getting warmer.
Sami started shouting for the police.
Sami was happy to talk about that.
Sami couldn't wait to tell the cops that he was responsible.
Sami's killer was finally unmasked.
Sami was convicted of six homicides.
Sami got away with a lot of murders.
Sami will never be released back to the population.
Sami still blames his abusive mother for his actions.
Sami wore a mask that hid his true nature.
Sami truly kept his friends close and his enemies closer.
Tom told me that French isn't difficult.
Tom was the one who taught me how to ski.
Tom was the one who told me to read this book.
Sami liked to party.
Sami ran into trouble.
Sami rescued a prostitute from a violent client.
Let's open all the windows.
That's a pretty difficult question.
Sami revealed his true self to Layla.
Tom asked me to wash his car.
Tom asked me to polish his shoes.
Tom asked me to set the table.
Tom asked me to take out the garbage.
You don't like spinach, do you?
Tom told me that he didn't like spinach.
When was the last time you ate spinach?
Sami was so drunk that he didn't even realize that he had paid the prostitute.
Sami slipped back into drugs.
Sami was receiving welfare benefits.
Sami wanted to access Layla's money.
Tom and I take a walk in the park together every morning.
Tom's train will arrive at 2:30.
Tom's train arrives at 2:30.
Sami stole the camera from Layla.
Sami betrayed the kind stranger who took him in.
What time is the first bus in the morning?
Do you and Tom often eat lunch together?
I'll be meeting Tom at 2:30.
Sami refused to give up on his friends.
Sami filed a police report.
Sami began to think that Layla was going to turn him in to the police.
Tom teaches French at Mary's school.
Let's go to the lake this afternoon.
Will you be free this afternoon?
I'll go to the park even if it's raining.
How long can we expect Tom to wait for us?
Where will you spend your vacation?
Sami didn't remember the number.
Sami was physically traumatized.
Sami stabbed Layla multiple times.
The concert's going to start soon.
The meeting's going to start soon.
The party's going to start soon.
Sami's blows caused Layla's death from massive blood loss.
It looks like Tom is about to cry.
I think Tom is going to cry.
Sami couldn't lift Layla's body off the ground.
Sami beheaded Layla's body.
Sami placed Layla's head in a bucket.
Sami scattered Layla's body parts around the city.
Tom said he'd be coming to see us today.
Where do you usually spend your holidays?
What time should I call you?
When do you want me to wake you up?
What time do you want me to wake you up?
Sami was back to his old ways.
Sami's death was consuming Layla's every thought.
Sami confessed to the murder.
Sami spilled everything in the police interrogation room.
Sami was wielding a knife.
Tom left Boston three months ago.
We don't get much rain here.
We don't get much snow here.
Tom has just gotten here.
By the time Tom got there, the concert had already begun.
Tom's father was the one who built the house that Tom's living in.
Sami didn't believe that Jesus was crucified.
Sami's family was much esteemed in Cairo.
Sami's father remarried when he was only six.
Tom says his teacher gives him too much homework.
Everything in Tom's house was covered with dust.
Tom may come to see us this afternoon.
Tom said he'd come to see us this afternoon.
Does Tom play the piano?
Do you play the saxophone?
Is it the tenor saxophone or the alto saxophone that you play?
Sami faced eviction.
Sami purchased a house for Layla.
If Tom hadn't been sick, I'm sure he'd have gone with you.
I had to take a taxi because I missed the bus.
If I had more money, I'd buy that.
If I had more money, I'd buy that for you.
I'd rather stay at home today.
I used to drink a lot of coffee, but I don't drink coffee anymore.
Tom and I talked about how we were going to spend the money.
Sami has chosen to stay in Cairo.
Sami was feeling nauseous.
It's difficult to master a foreign language.
You should tell Tom the truth.
What do you expect me to do for you?
My plan is to go to Boston next summer.
We should probably ask Tom to do that.
We should probably ask Tom to do that for us.
It isn't necessary for you to do that anymore.
Sami started vomitting.
I couldn't get Tom to understand what needed to be done.
Sami was poisoning Layla.
It's not necessary for you to do that anymore.
Sami was poisoning Layla.
I wasn't able to get Tom to understand what needed to be done.
I want to learn how to play the cello.
Tom spoke too fast.
Tom speaks French too fast for me to understand.
"Who are you?" "Tom."
We don't understand each other.
You may go if you want to.
Tom tried to say something, but Mary cut him off.
Tom tried to say something, but Mary stopped him.
Tom and I sat on the beach listening to the sound of the waves.
Tom and I sat on the beach watching the seagulls.
I saw Tom and Mary waving their hands.
The boy leaning against the wall over there is my brother.
I don't have anything to do this afternoon.
I thought Tom was asleep, so I tiptoed out of the room.
I ate too much at the party last night.
I drank too much at the party last night.
Fishing isn't allowed here.
Skateboarding isn't allowed here.
I don't like reading on the bus.
I remember meeting you a few years ago.
I remember meeting Tom at a conference in Boston.
Tom sure does complain a lot.
The police are looking for the person who stole my bicycle.
Tom made a snowball and threw it at Mary.
The front door of Tom's house was locked, but the back door wasn't.
We didn't have much snow last winter.
This pair of sunglasses belongs to Tom.
I spent last summer at my uncle's.
If you don't know what a word means, you should look it up in a dictionary.
Do you have a dictionary on your phone?
Tom looked at his reflection in the water.
Tom looked at his reflection in the window.
I think I should talk to Tom myself.
Do you have an extra bicycle I could borrow?
Do you have an extra bicycle that I could borrow?
Do you have a knife I could borrow?
Do you have a knife that I could borrow?
The candle burned out, so I lit another one.
I like the color of your new car.
May I borrow your bicycle tomorrow afternoon?
It was dark when I got back home.
Take any one of these you like.
There isn't any ice cream left.
There isn't any cake left.
Some of Tom's classmates can speak French fairly well.
Neither of Tom's brothers can speak French.
Neither of my parents can swim.
I've read every book on this shelf.
This summer, I plan to read every book on these three shelves.
I don't know a word of French.
There's a letter on the table addressed to you.
There's a letter on the table for you.
Tom's mother got angry when she saw Tom jumping on his bed.
Tom usually goes to bed before his parents do.
I really enjoyed reading that book you gave me last week.
Tom usually sleeps with his windows open, even in the winter.
My doctor told me that drinking a little wine every day would be good for me.
There's not much chance that that'll happen.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will do that.
This pork needs to be cooked a little longer.
There's not much chance that'll happen.
Thousands of people visit this museum every month.
Hundreds of people eat here every day.
There's not much coffee left.
How long are you going to wait for Tom?
Sami claimed he was feeling sick.
Tom is the best French speaker in our family.
This river is the second longest in Australia.
I thanked Tom for washing my car.
Tom found my wallet and returned it to me.
Let me show you the picture I painted last month.
Tom is pretty good at painting.
Who's the guy over there talking with Tom?
A dog that barks all the time isn't a good watchdog.
What Tom did to Mary wasn't very nice.
Is there anything I can buy for you while I'm at the supermarket?
Is there anything you want me to buy for you while I'm at the supermarket?
The apartment I live in isn't very large.
My apartment isn't very large.
This is the book I was telling you about yesterday.
Do you know who Tom's girlfriend is?
Tom has a brother who's a carpenter.
Tom has a brother who knows how to speak French.
Tom has a brother who can probably help you do that.
This is the same guitar that my father used to play when he was my age.
Did you wash clothes yesterday?
I think I know an easier way to do that.
Tom showed me an easier way to do that.
Can you think of any easier way to do this?
There must be an easier way to do that.
I woke up in the middle of the night and couldn't get back to sleep.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
I'll do whatever Tom tells me to do.
Sami's past haunted him forever.
I don't know why Tom didn't come.
I don't know why Tom wanted to go to Boston by himself.
Sami was the one who benefited from Layla's death.
Sami committed these murders.
Sami passed away just six days later.
Sami and Layla were reunited again in their family plot at Bakir Cemetery.
Sami forgot this advice.
Sami married a material woman.
Sami turned the tables.
Sami couldn't resist the temptation.
I met Tom last summer when I was in Boston.
Tom didn't say anything, but I think he was disappointed.
I'm afraid I won't get there on time.
I don't think I'll get there on time.
I think I'm going to be late.
There's a good change I won't be there on time.
I don't think there's any chance that I'll get there on time.
I don't think there's any chance that I'll be able to do that.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will let you do that.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will help you.
Sami ended up behind bars.
There's a good chance that our prices will be going up next month.
I wonder if Mary has a boyfriend.
I wonder if Tom would help us do that.
I wonder if that woman over there is married.
I can't get this door unlocked.
Do you know how to unlock this door?
Could you help me get this door open?
I'm glad you enjoyed the party.
Do you think Tom enjoyed the party?
When was the last time you went to a party?
Nobody seems to know where Tom was born.
We'd better pitch the tent before it starts raining.
Nobody seems to know where Tom has gone.
Nobody seems to know where Tom lives.
Nobody seems to know why Tom isn't here.
I planted this tree three years ago.
Three years is a long time to wait.
Three years ago today, Tom and I got married.
I felt safe once I got home.
I felt safe as soon as I got home.
The first time I met Tom, he was only thirteen years old.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the lights went out.
What should I tell Tom if I see him?
No matter what happens, don't open the door.
This glass isn't mine.
I think you're drinking out of my glass.
Tom dropped his glass, but it didn't break.
I bought this jacket for $30.
I bought this jacket for thirty dollars.
Do you think you can finish doing that by 2:30?
Do you think you can finish doing that by Monday?
This is a present for you?
I've been in Boston for three weeks.
I'll be ready in about thirty minutes.
Do you know that girl over there with pigtails?
Tom wasn't at school yesterday.
If Tom comes, please give him this book.
If Tom were here now, he'd show us how to do this.
If I knew what to do, I'd be doing it.
Tom will be surprised to see you.
If I'd known that was going to happen, I would've gone home earlier.
If I'd known Tom was going to be here, I wouldn't have come.
Chuck's Diner is closed on Mondays.
I wondered what I should do.
Tom asked me when I was going to leave.
Tom asked me when I was going to do that.
Tom asked me if I was going to help Mary do that.
Tom asked me where he should park.
Tom asked me where I'd bought my computer.
I don't know any of those boys.
I don't know anybody who thinks Tom can do that.
I don't watch TV as much as I used to.
I used to watch TV at least three hours every day.
If that unstoppable feeling you have for her isn't love, what else is it?
That unstoppable feeling you have for her is definitely love.
This bird is pretty.
Why have you come?
If as a politician accepting money from a corporation isn't corruption, what else is it?
Taking money from a corporation as a politician is definitely corruption.
If a soccer score of 3 to 0 isn't a victory, what else is it?
A soccer score of 3 to 0 is definitely a victory.
If what he did wasn't a foul, what else was it?
What he did was definitely a foul.
Tom took the eight o'clock train.
I will contact you as soon as I arrive.
I promise I'll find you a job.
I promise to find you work.
There is no greater poverty than injustice toward others.
Whether your mother likes it or not, she will sooner or later have to accept the idea that her daughter has grown up.
Sami helped Layla to take her boots off.
Sami and his friends ambushed Farid's gang.
Sami and his neighbors rallied to support Layla.
Sami and his neighbors raised money to support Layla.
Sami's family supported Layla.
Sami left his wife and move in with Layla.
Sami was jailed for his part in one of the biggest robberies in Egypt.
Sami's girlfriend promised that when he went to jail, she would wait for him.
Sami arranged for someone to look after his children while he was in jail.
Sami wanted to prove how tough he was.
Sami finished washing the windows.
Sami fell ill.
Sami was worried someone was trying to harm his family.
Sami was completely stunned.
Sami's criminal career was cut short.
Sami opened the trunk.
Sami was frightened, too.
Sami will spend the rest of his life without bars.
Sami forgave Layla for her infidelity.
Sami discovered the body of his father, dead on the couch.
Sami has been stealing his girlfriend's money.
Sami discovered all his money was gone.
Sami needed someone to help him kill Farid, and Rami fit the bill.
Sami's eye was split in half. In fact, he was so disfigured that he had no face left.
Sami checked upstairs.
Sami loved young girls.
Sami made Layla's heart beat faster.
Sami owned a very beautiful house in Egypt.
Sami grew up in a safe city.
Sami can relax.
Sami played with his grandchildren.
Sami cooked Layla a dinner.
Sami served Layla a delicious dinner.
Sami didn't want to come in.
Sami spent quality time with Layla.
Sami was willing to do that.
Sami made Layla kneel in front of him.
Sami sent Layla many text messages.
Sami called Layla on her birthday.
Sami was celebrating his birthday.
Sami gave Layla a call back.
Sami didn't call Layla back.
Sami grew anxious.
Sami blamed the murder on his associate.
Sami tried calling Layla again.
Sami dealt used car.
Sami can do this on his own.
Sami was picked up by police.
Sami was very skilled at manipulating women to do what he wanted.
Sami was buying and selling used cars.
Sami never expressed any remorse for what he did to Layla.
Sami meant everything to Layla.
Sami married Layla in prison.
Sami's business skyrocketted.
Sami stopped harassing Layla.
Sami finished serving his sentence.
Sami moved out.
Sami stayed in his motorhome.
Sami was arrested soon after.
Sami wrote Layla a check.
Sami found himself drawn to Layla's charm.
Sami's marriage has just ended.
Sami's smile masks a tragic past.
Sami experienced every father's worst nightmare. His daughter Layla was kidnapped and was never seen again.
Sami can change himself.
Sami started investing in real estate.
Sami didn't respond for days.
Sami was gambling.
Sami and Layla divorced after the death of their child.
Sami wanted to make a new start.
Sami and Layla rented a house in Cairo after getting married.
Sami has just turned sixty.
Sami narrowly escaped disaster.
Sami called Layla sweetheart.
Sami won't answer my calls.
Sami asked Layla to come over.
Sami is not the devoted Christian husband he seems.
Sami has been dealing with his issues.
Sami covered his deceit perfectly.
Sami was trying everything he could to make that happen.
Sami came across a beautiful 26-year-old from Egypt.
Sami wanted to jump off the bridge.
Sami and Layla got into a domestic altercation.
Sami invited Layla to spend the night with him.
Sami is not letting Layla go back there again.
Sami said he was hit and hurt for as long as he could remember.
Sami is handcuffed.
Marie's sister has been living in Berlin since 2010.
Marie's sister is a Berliner.
As you know, Berlin is the capital of Germany.
I have never heard that before.
If you cannot come, I'll eat alone.
All attempts to speak German are excellent.
Is your family doing well?
Holy hell!
The castle's walls are very thick.
Tom is thick.
Mary lives in a medieval town.
Tom lives in a medieval house.
Tom's home looks like a castle.
The king lives inside a large castle.
The king lives inside his castle.
The king never leaves his castle.
This castle is made out of stone.
This castle is made out of wood.
Move along. There's nothing to see here.
You were the one who suggested it.
Tom's self-esteem suffered a severe blow.
That way, we'll be able to spend more time together.
I don't remember how it started.
She has a bit of a temper.
He has a bit of a temper.
"She has a bit of a temper." "I've noticed."
She exploded at him.
He exploded at her.
Tom has a bit of a temper.
I need to blow off some steam.
Is it okay if I take a look around the castle?
Is it okay if I take a look around the house?
Is it okay if I take a look around?
Tom has always had a bit of a temper.
Mary has always had a bit of a temper.
Have you noticed anything suspicious recently?
Tom is an eunuch.
So vast, without any question, is the divine handiwork of the most excellent Almighty.
Mary's house is in perfect order.
Surely you can't be serious.
The princess lives in the castle.
Mary kissed the frog.
Mary kissed the frog, hoping that it would transform into a prince.
I don't think anyone else has noticed.
Mom, he's kicking me!
You're better off not getting his advice.
Who's your mother-in-law?
I speak Finnish.
Could I have a dark beer?
My car is nicer than Tom's car.
I don't know any of those girls.
I don't like to borrow money from anyone.
It wasn't Tom who did that.
It was Tom who stole Mary's necklace.
It wasn't Tom who gave Mary that necklace.
I don't like to borrow money from anybody.
I'd never lend Tom any money.
I wouldn't lend Tom money if I were you.
It wouldn't be a good idea to lend Tom money.
It wouldn't be a good idea to lend money to Tom.
Mary had found her very own Prince Charming.
What do you want me to do exactly?
Tom often complains about the cold.
Tom buys a computer.
This video has already more than a million views.
It is now that it becomes interesting.
Tonight the earth trembled.
Tom is buying a computer.
Tom has bought a computer.
Tom plans to buy a computer.
Tom is planning to buy a computer.
Tom is planning on buying a computer.
Tom bought a computer.
Tom says he's thinking about buying a new computer.
Sami was shot in the face.
Sami's gun was stolen from him.
Sami told police he wasn't even there.
Sami wanted Layla to answer some tough questions on her past.
Sami has been working late at home.
Sami seemed upset.
Sami and Layla were having an intimate relationship.
Sami will never speak of this again.
Sami didn't want to know details about that.
Sami found that very hard to believe.
Sami ignored that.
Sami's wife believed she was irresistible to men.
Sami said that stories like that only happened in Hollywood.
Sami called Layla a liar.
Sami and Layla were seeing a counselor.
Sami would do anything to stop that divorce.
Sami was not going to divorce Layla.
Sami was there when Layla's husband died.
Sami wanted to talk about that.
Sami had just returned from his family vacation.
Sami went to Egypt.
Sami presented a clear and concise version of events.
Sami bought a condominium in Cairo.
Sami drove a sports car.
Sami was trying to confuse Layla.
Sami started to answer the question.
Sami walked in.
Sami was calling out Layla's name.
Sami wouldn't have done that.
Sami saw a gun by Layla's hand.
Sami run to Layla to see why she was not responding.
Sami was watching a TV show.
Sami found Layla shot to death in their home.
Sami needed to get Layla help.
Sami picked up the gun.
Sami didn't know what that gun was doing there, in his house.
Sami hid the gun.
Sami put the gun in Layla's sewing basket.
Sami wanted to find out what was going on.
Sami thought the gun was Layla's.
Sami has been sleeping with Layla.
Sami suspected Layla of killing her husband.
Sami made a shocking confession to his sister, Layla.
Sami's greatest concern was how he looked to other people.
Without her contact lenses, she can't see clearly.
Where can I park the car?
We visit him from time to time.
You learned.
Sami's father violently abused him physically and emotionally.
Sami committed six horrific murders.
Sami was violently beaten and beheaded.
Sami will never be released.
Sami blamed it all on Layla.
Sami was murdered by Farid's best friend, Rami.
Sami is stunned.
Sami followed in his brother's footsteps.
Sami's mother abandoned him when he was six.
Sami wanted to live in this house.
Sami was waiting for Layla to get home.
Sami beat Layla to the extent she was hospitalized.
Sami lost so much blood.
Sami slapped Layla.
Sami kicked Layla.
Sami kept kicking Layla until she lost control of her bowels.
Sami left the room with a smile on his face.
Sami asked Layla to come back home.
Sami admitted that he was extremely violent with his children.
Sami violated his son.
Sami witnessed the rape.
Sami was fascinated by serial killers and violence.
Sami had some psychological issues going on.
Sami walked into Layla's bedroom.
Sami was scared.
Sami was looking at Layla.
Sami was torn by two powerful forces: love for his mother and hate for his stepfather.
Sami made sexual advances to Layla's brother.
Sami doesn't recall anything.
Sami understood that.
Sami surrendered to police.
Sami was convicted and sentenced to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Sami realized that.
Sami started thinking that his father needed to die.
Sami decided Layla's fate.
Sami asked Layla to kill his father.
Sami turned to his best friend for help.
Sami needed to be killed.
There is frost on the grass this morning.
Tom is superstitious.
Mary has a ringing in her right ear.
Your idea: is it half-baked or genius?
We need to buy more dish towels.
This soap is causing eczema on my hands.
I brought my own shopping bag.
I do not like this store.
Why do people pay good money for products made from grass?
Out of all his brothers, Anthony is the least wise.
"Good morning," Tom said, smiling.
Since everyone usually loves a person similar to themselves, this mother passionately loved her older daughter and, at the same time, had a terrifying hate for the younger.
Get used to saying no.
Do you speak Kurdish?
He eats.
She eats.
You need to go there immediately.
You must go there immediately.
I'm not adding you to my list of friends.
What makes one man smarter than the other?
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that.
I didn't know that we were forbidden from doing that.
You're not interested in having me sing, are you?
Do you know the rules?
Do you know how to play this game?
Do you know what the rules are?
We visit Tom from time to time.
We often visit Tom.
Without his glasses, Tom can hardly see anything.
Tom can hardly see anything without his glasses.
Please do come again.
What on earth was Tom trying to do?
Here comes our bus.
It snows more here than it does in Boston.
Tom told me where the party would be, but he forgot to tell me what time it was going to start.
I have lots of work to do today.
I haven't had a good night's sleep all week.
I wonder why Tom changed his mind.
Do you know when Tom plans to leave?
Do you know what time Tom plans to leave?
I used to always walk to school.
I used to walk to school when I was your age.
Someone broke into Tom's house last night.
Somebody broke into Tom's house last night.
Tom sat down near the window, put on his glasses and began to read the book that Mary had given him.
Tom's house was broken into last night.
Tom's house looks like a castle.
What on earth is Tom trying to do?
How on earth did Tom do that?
What do you want to talk to Tom about?
Why did Tom eat that?
Is it OK if I take a look around?
Tom seemed busy when I saw him.
Tom seemed happy when I saw him.
It almost didn't happen.
That almost didn't happen.
We almost weren't able to do that.
Tom almost got killed.
We almost didn't do that.
Tom says that he and Mary almost got married.
I almost bought one of those.
I don't think anybody else has noticed.
These bananas aren't ripe.
Tom is going to go, too.
No one is irreplaceable.
I sliced the watermelon.
Is there anybody in the classroom?
Is there anybody in the pool?
Is there anybody waiting at the bus stop?
Is there anyone in the classroom?
Is there anyone in the pool?
Is there anyone waiting at the bus stop?
The chair is short enough for him.
She learned to bicycle over the last year.
My uncle bought a new television for us.
We are making a difference.
We stand united against evil.
Best wishes to all.
Bless you for all your good works.
Make way!
Tom is the son of a policeman.
Start shoveling coal, men!
What's her top speed?
I see a smoke stack over the horizon.
Why do you think fish can't feel pain?
Tom is the brother of a convicted murderer.
What makes you think fish can't feel pain?
Why do you think you have to do that?
What makes you think you have to do that?
Why did Tom think he had to do that?
I wonder what made Tom think he had to do that.
What made you think you had to do that?
Why did you think you had to do that?
Do you really think that fish don't feel pain?
Do you really think fish don't feel pain?
Do you think plants feel pain?
When will the rain stop?
There is a lot of old chewing gum stuck to the sidewalk.
Do you think it'll stop raining soon?
Why are people cruel to the crippled boy?
When did it stop raining?
Did it rain all night?
When was the last time it rained here?
We didn't get much rain last spring.
I hope we get some rain soon.
Tom spent his days dreaming about time machines.
It looks like it might rain, so you should take an umbrella with you.
I wonder why Tom was yelling at Mary.
Tom spent most of the day studying French.
Tom spent all morning cleaning the garage.
Tom spends a lot of his free time reading.
When was the last time you spent any time with Tom?
I hope we can make a difference.
The lion decided to become a vegetarian.
I don't think what we did made any difference.
I don't think what we did helped.
I don't think it was what we did that made Tom angry.
It's good teamwork again.
Tom has decided to become a vegetarian.
Tom said he was thinking of becoming a vegetarian.
We had dinner by candlelight.
I would like to ask for your support.
You had to stay.
Tom and Mary had a candlelit dinner together on Valentine's Day.
Do you want to eat something before the concert?
Tom and Mary had a romantic candlelit dinner on Valentine's Day.
Marie reluctantly takes another piece of cake.
Do you want to eat something before we leave?
Let's stop and get something to eat before the concert.
Tom doesn't usually eat anything before he goes on stage.
How long will you have to stay in Boston?
Do you have to stay in Boston as long as Tom does?
Tom was hesitant to take another cookie, even though Mary offered him one.
Tom didn't eat any of the cookies that Mary baked for him.
There are no green spaces to play in.
Tom breaks everything.
Tom likes to wear yellow high top sneakers.
Tom is nine inches taller than Mary.
Tom has a strong Boston accent.
This box of cereal has expired.
Tom weary from his long flight.
They lost our bags.
I can't stay awake.
These are some good ideas.
Why did you have to stay in Boston for so long?
Tom had some good ideas.
Some of Tom's ideas were pretty good.
Some of Tom's ideas weren't very good.
I didn't like any of Tom's ideas.
Some of Tom's ideas were good, but a lot of them weren't.
I'm not very likely to do that again.
Make it count.
Sami died at dawn.
Sami is tied up.
Sami was assaulted.
Sami's body was tossed in the trunk.
Sami couldn't run away from his assailants.
Sami suffered unimaginable abuse.
Sami dealt Layla a fatal blow.
Sami was the only one to resist.
Sami is terrified.
Sami became paralyzed with fear.
Sami didn't do anything.
Sami must have been terrified.
Sami used gasoline to burn Layla's body.
Sami dropped a heavy bolder on Layla's head.
Sami set Layla's body on fire.
Sami had breakfast at a McDonald's.
I'm not like them.
What you write and how you write can change your life.
Who are you saying that to?
Hurry up! We're late.
Marie came to West Germany when she was five years old.
Of course! Why didn't I think of that before?
Two more beers, please!
You must not ride your bike on the sidewalk.
Do you know how to get rich?
Honestly, this is not a really well-paying job.
That luxury car is small.
It's cloudy again.
The car is dirty.
A bird pooped on the windshield.
I can hear sirens in the distance.
I sent out the payment a couple of days ago.
Your sister called.
Your brother is sick.
Your brother recovered from his surgery.
There's been a cold snap here lately.
We recognize your longstanding service to the community.
My head feels like a gong.
Here comes the rain.
Gather your things.
Mom is making me a birthday cake.
Not even the teacher talked about that topic.
The aircraft was so fast that I couldn't even see it.
He didn't even say that he liked me.
I don't even know where my older brother went.
It couldn't be better.
I will write about how I see my country, The Moldovian Republic.
Does anybody know who the tall, blond girl dressed in green is?
Do you know her father?
If a cube is green, the fact that I can't show you how it isn't green doesn't make it any less green.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
The month March is the first month of Spring.
In winter in Romania, it snows a lot.
Your answer is entirely unsatisfactory.
What is your favourite song?
You're a woman, not a man.
He's not a girl.
She is a girl and I'm a boy.
He doesn't have a home anymore!
What have you told Mary that she's crying now?
Even a monkey can solve a problem as simply as this one.
Boston Dynamics created a robot that can even run.
He even called me "ugly".
He doesn't even know who called.
Tom has two turtles.
Eggs are usually sold by the dozen in America.
I'm not a professional musician anymore.
Are you having a Valentine's Day party at your house again this year?
I haven't read either of those books yet.
I've already read both of those books.
I paid twice as much for my bicycle as Tom paid for his.
My bicycle cost twice as much as Tom's.
My bicycle cost twice as much as Tom's bicycle.
I haven't read either of those books.
What did you say to Tom that made him cry?
What did you say to Tom that made him cry like that?
Tom said something to Mary that made her cry.
Don't ride your bike on the sidewalk.
Don't ride your bicycle on the sidewalk.
He broke his jaw and lost a few teeth.
He saved money.
He was saving money.
Tom said he was saving up money to buy a new car.
Tom spent all his savings on a new car.
We have spent a lot of time searching for a parking space.
His tears were real.
He is imitating a monkey.
I say everything.
I'm going to say everything.
It took me a long time to find a place to park.
I had trouble finding a place to park.
What sort of thing is Wikipedia?
There was no end to the girl's chatter.
The girl's chitchat never came to an end.
Bees pollinate flowers and trees, collect nectar to make honey, bee glue and bee venom,
With her small income she is having trouble making ends meet.
With her small income she is having difficulties getting by.
When will you return the borrowed money?
The fuse failed.
The fuse blew.
Where are my crisps?
Where are my potato chips?
Now I want you more than ever.
Now I desire you more than ever.
Your home is where you are without a bra.
Paul is one of the students who will participate in the chess tournament.
My stomach is upset.
My head is throbbing.
I'm feeling gassy.
Can you pick up some saltine crackers?
Head north.
We're having a picnic tomorrow.
There's a piece missing.
He's doing better.
They should be finishing up by now.
Tom is doing better today than he was yesterday.
Tom seems to be feeling better today than he was yesterday.
Tom doesn't look as tired today as he looked yesterday.
I wonder why Tom is so sleepy today.
This puzzles has a missing piece.
There's a piece missing from this puzzle.
Tom is doing better in school this year.
Do as I told you.
Defend the church.
Defend the Church.
I speak Finnish.
He looked at his beautiful tulip.
Do you have trouble understanding what women or babies say to you?
Your fate is in my hands.
Why isn't she sleeping?
Today is a very hot day.
We'll meet him tomorrow.
The train is already here.
The train has already arrived.
Today I'm paying.
They get tired easily.
They tire easily.
The car battery has run down.
His friends love him.
It's hard to be honest.
It's far away.
The elephant has a short tail.
Water is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen.
What is "American football" called in English?
What is "American football" in English?
When you finish reading this letter, burn it.
He was looking at you the whole time. Didn't you notice?
You like music.
Is this your first trip to Rome?
After you finish reading this letter, burn it.
I walked my dog.
How often do you walk your dog?
Do you walk your dog every day?
We don't understand.
Do you take your dog for a walk every day?
We don't understand it.
Tom is usually the one who takes our dog out for a walk.
I can't believe that Tom did all this himself.
We'll see each other in half an hour.
She'd like to know who sent the flowers.
Did you really do your homework by yourself?
That coat's mine, not Tom's.
I can't be there myself, so I'll send Tom to help you.
Tom's mother told him not to play with matches.
Anybody who doesn't want to go, doesn't have to.
Anyone who doesn't want to go, doesn't have to.
That's what I call smart.
I have two uncles; one lives in Boston and the other lives in Chicago.
All three of my sisters have married Canadians.
You're not allowed to park on this side of the street.
All of these apples are rotten.
These apples are all rotten.
I asked Tom the reason.
Please give me something cold to drink.
Tom read a lot more books last month than I did.
I asked Tom what his reasons for doing that were.
Did you ask Tom the reason?
It's not possible to please everyone.
It isn't possible to please everybody.
They named the child after the grandfather.
We got on the wrong train.
Are we on the right road?
I had to stay home all weekend because I was sick.
Tom had to stay home all last week because he had to take care of his mother.
I don't usually drink coffee in the evening.
I always try to be punctual.
This box isn't large enough for all of these things.
It's about time for bed.
It's almost time to eat.
I'm pretty sure that I've seen that man here before.
The last time I came here was a year ago.
The down jacket that I bought yesterday cost me a lot less than I had expected.
I don't think I've ever met anyone who knows how to do that.
I don't think I've ever met anybody who knows how to do that.
Tom is one of the most irritating people I've ever met.
I can't believe Tom did all this himself.
I can't believe that Tom was able to do this all by himself.
He lies like a eulogy.
I can't believe Tom did all this by himself.
I can't believe Tom did all this without any help.
He had crazy in his eyes.
He lies like a funeral sermon.
Tom hurt Mary.
Tom cheated Mary.
Tom tricked Mary.
Sami must have been scared.
Sami was like a hero.
Sami tried to strangle Layla with her pantyhose.
Sami married Dr. Layla Bakir.
Sami and Layla seemed a perfect match.
Sami was studying radiology.
Sami and Layla were an ambitious young couple.
Sami was insulted.
Sami stood up.
Sami turned around.
Sami is not going to hurt Layla.
Sami is going to kill Layla.
Sami took the life of an innocent young man.
Sami plotted, planned, and pulled the trigger.
Sami turned himself into the victim.
Sami was there and he assaulted Layla.
Sami got arrested.
Tom put the chicks in a cardboard box.
Sami trusts Layla completely.
Sami hatched a plan to deceive his wife.
Sami refused to reveal where the money was.
Sami struggled a little bit with his self-esteem.
Sami and Layla were divorced.
Sami had no motivation to work.
Sami was looking for love on the Internet.
Maybe you've forgotten that I am married.
Tom's not home right now.
Pick up a gallon of milk.
I need to hurry up.
Pick up your dog poop.
Sideburns are not optional.
I need more grease in my diet.
Such extravagance!
Release the hounds!
That's how you would have avenged me.
Tom got stuck in a phone tree.
The operation begins at dawn.
Did you go out last night?
I wonder why women survive for men.
3% of the population doesn't want to eat anymore.
Sami wanted to live a life of luxury.
The hands trying to untie the knots / the ribbons speckled on the forehead / of poisonous spit, horrendous cries / he goes vibrating, making the air pulsate.
They met each other on the street.
I don't think we have reason to celebrate.
We've reason to be afraid.
This man does not trust them.
Having met Tom at the station, Maria asked him how his vacations had been.
He sees. It's water. He laughs. He dives.
Mary is the prettiest girl in our class.
How much sugar do you want me to put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you want in your coffee?
The textbook we use in our French class was written by a Canadian.
My brother who lives in Boston is a carpenter.
My brother, who lives in Boston, is a carpenter.
We often eat breakfast in the kitchen.
The restaurant we're going to eat at tonight is near where I work.
Tom still lives in the house he was born in.
There's no reason you can't do that.
I don't like the way Tom plays the guitar.
I don't like the way Tom cooks pasta.
That job took us longer than we expected.
That job took more time than we expected.
It took me a lot longer to do that than I expected.
It took me a lot longer to do that than I thought it would.
It took Tom a lot longer to do that than it took me.
It took us all day to clean the basement.
It took me three hours to make this whistle.
It took Tom three hours to finish his homework.
I can tell by the way Tom speaks that he's a Canadian.
I can tell by the way Tom talks that he's a Canadian.
Mary is a very attractive girl.
We used to swim in this river a lot when we were kids.
We used to swim in this river a lot when we were children.
I don't think what Tom said made any sense.
I now have the ability to be a pretentious prick.
Let's see who makes it home first.
Your life is in jeopardy.
The milk has curdled.
We make our own sour cream.
We make yogurt at home.
This kefir has too much sugar in it.
This store is too expensive.
I canceled the newspaper delivery.
This website has too many ads.
The hot water bottle is burning my leg.
My neck is sore.
I need to get a loofa for the shower.
Don't try to guilt-trip me.
You don't grow spiritually just because you go to parties named after Hindu gods and do drugs.
I want you to take me seriously.
This razor is kaput.
I'll put it on my calendar.
She's sitting on a gold mine.
I'll have the frog legs.
You cannot order just one frog leg.
I'll have one frog leg to go.
I wish it was easier.
There's a lot more to learn.
You've just scratched the surface.
No one is here to take your call.
Our offices are closed now.
You've paid too much.
Is this pencil not yours?
Stop mumbling.
Stick to the task at hand.
You work ethic is admirable.
Where is the closest currency exchange?
Aging doesn't cost anything.
If you want to sleep here, no problem.
There's no problem if you want to sleep here.
This is a picture of the first car I owned.
This is a picture of one of my dogs.
There's a whole day's work for nix.
Tom's snoring kept me awake all night.
Tom has volunteered to stay up all night and keep the fire burning.
Don't throw rocks!
I haven't even packed yet.
We need to drop the dog off at the kennel.
Where are your shoes?
You need to plan your wardrobe for the trip.
Now he gets it.
I didn't want to let people down.
Stay tuned for a new episode.
When Tom was young, he worked in the United States for a year.
When I arrived at the station, my friends were waiting for me.
Of all the women, my mother cooks the best.
Which of us runs faster?
Cologne Cathedral is the largest gothic cathedral of the Germanic countries.
Tom is the greatest of all.
Tom would like to visit the Eiffel Tower.
Tom was convinced that he was the happiest man in the world.
"So I said to the judge, 'Your mama is guilty of public indecency!'" "No you didn't."
Remember what your father used to say in situations like this.
Just about every woman loves me.
Sami didn't know where to go.
Sami lost custody of his children.
Sami needed Layla's support.
Sami was raised that way.
Sami spent a month in foster care.
Sami's children were returned to their mother.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch.
Sami learned he had terminal cancer.
Sami retired to take care of Layla.
Sami died in June, 2006.
Sami was truly alone.
Sami's sadness deepened into a depression.
Sami's whole life was built on Layla.
Sami had a good relationship with his family.
Sami came to visit Layla.
Sami was dependent upon his daughter, Layla.
Sami came back into Layla's life.
Sami wanted somebody to take care of him.
Sami is looking good.
Sami needed other people around him.
Sami was there to help Layla.
Sami soon moved in.
Sami and Layla live together.
Sami was hoping to have a romantic relationship with Layla.
Sami was absolutely enamored with Layla.
Sami loved this show.
Sami was babysitting Layla's daughter.
Sami could not get hold of Layla.
Sami attempted to contact Layla many times.
Sami was unable to contact Layla.
Sami isn't taking any visitors.
Sami let Layla in.
Sami was forced to pick a side.
Sami didn't want anyone yelling in his house.
Sami and Layla didn't get along.
Sami didn't know what was happening.
Sami talked to Layla.
Sami's daughter is very concerned.
Sami asked the police to leave him alone.
When Tom met Mary at the station, he asked her how her vacation had been.
Sami is of sound mind.
Sami can do whatever he wants to do with his life.
Sami wanted to make sure Layla was OK.
Sami knew there was something going on.
Sami always wanted to be around his grandchildren.
Sami was avoiding Layla.
Sami told people he didn't want to be around Layla anymore.
Sami claimed that Layla had tried to break into his house.
Sami wants to take matters into his own hands.
Sami showed up at Layla's house.
Sami was trying to control Layla.
Sami wanted to separate Layla from her family.
Sami's visit only enflamed the conflict between Layla and her husband.
Sami knows that.
Sami wants to be with Layla.
Sami has just left.
Sami wanted to go out.
Sami packed up his things.
Sami headed West.
Sami called Layla several times.
Sami was traumatized.
Sami left Egypt for Canada.
Sami didn't press charges.
Sami knew he was in a tight spot.
Sami was injured quite badly in Iraq.
Sami has paid a stiff price for his service.
Sami had an injury to his head.
Sami served in Iraq.
Sami suffered from many failed relationships.
Sami thought Layla might be able to help him.
Sami said he never laid a hand on Layla.
Sami provided police information.
Sami can stay with us.
Sami has just retired.
Sami brought Layla to Cairo.
Sami welcomed Layla to his new apartment.
Sami wanted to take a shower.
Sami looked at Layla's tattoo.
Sami gave Layla a place to live.
Sami was worried that something was wrong.
Sami tried to contact Layla.
Sami didn't answer Layla's call.
Sami never called back.
Sami wants to move to Cairo.
Sami wasn't entirely isolated.
Sami has never been to a bar in his whole entire life.
Sami shouldn't be drinking.
Sami was only 26.
Sami was giving Layla advice.
Sami came back home broken.
Sami noticed tension between his mother and his stepfather.
Sami helped Layla to adjust to civilian life.
Sami was scared to talk.
Sami loved casinos.
Sami was always gambling.
Sami withdrew tens of thousands of dollar out of Layla's accounts.
Sami became addicted to gambling.
Sami was on medication.
Sami didn't like pain meds at all.
Sami was on his way to the casino.
Sami was wheezing.
Sami is coughing again.
Sami wasn't driving.
Sami decided to take Layla home.
Sami was sitting there.
Sami was hacking.
Sami and Layla were partying.
Sami was awakened by the voice of his mother shouting from the bathroom.
Sami thought it was evening.
Sami's odd behavior persisted.
Sami has to calm down.
Sami was upset, too.
Sami didn't die of natural causes.
Sami weighed a hundred pounds.
Sami withdrew a lot of cash.
Sami believes Layla's death was a brutal act of murder.
Sami told Layla everything he knew.
Sami was intimidated.
Sami didn't have anything to do with that.
Sami never deviated from that story.
Sami awoke to his mother's screams.
Sami was sleeping on a couch.
Sami was interrogated.
Sami was not involved in Layla's death.
Sami died of strangulation.
Sami thinks Layla was murdered.
Sami heard a crash.
Sami hurt himself.
Sami was far from being an angel, especially with Layla.
Semi went to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Sami wanted to close the door.
Sami was tired of his stepfather's abuse.
Sami has had enough.
Sami was choking Layla.
Sami doesn't deserve this.
Sami has got plenty to say.
Sami isn't quite who Layla thinks he is.
Sami was abusive towards Layla.
Sami didn't treat Layla well.
Sami cooks.
Sami cleans the house.
Sami witnessed the murder.
Sami should stay out of this.
Sami would never hurt a fly.
Sami was right to be concerned.
Sami got Layla to sign a power of attorney.
Sami had a plan in case he was arrested.
Sami wanted to skip town.
Tom was yawning.
I poured myself some wine.
Tom was unprepared.
You'd better tell me everything.
Tom was very noisy.
I was very worried about you.
Tom was very lonely.
I'm likely to regret doing that.
Tom was very selfish.
I'm likely to regret doing this.
Tom was very unhappy.
I'm still determined to do that.
Tom was very gullible.
I'm supposed to stop doing that.
Tom was very stubborn.
I'm not accustomed to doing that.
Tom was very talkative.
I'm probably not doing this right.
Tom was very aggressive.
I'm very interested in doing that.
Tom was very intoxicated.
I've spent all afternoon doing that.
Tom was understandably curious.
I'm still interested in doing that.
Tom was under the bed.
I made myself a cup of coffee.
Tom was wearing a wig.
How do you get over a hangover?
Tom was wearing a suit.
I hung my jacket in the closet.
Tom was wrong as usual.
I'm the only one that did that.
Tom was very happy here.
I'm the only one who does that.
Tom was very, very lucky.
I'm too old to do that anymore.
Tom was wrong, wasn't he?
Tom was serious, wasn't he?
I'm very sure I should do that.
Tom was unlucky, wasn't he?
I'm going to volunteer to do that.
Tom was very grouchy today.
I'm learning how to do that now.
Tom was very well prepared.
I'm likely to do that by myself.
Tom was wearing white socks.
I'm likely to do that next week.
Tom was working last weekend.
I'm likely to forget to do that.
Tom was unfriendly, wasn't he?
I'm not able to do that anymore.
Tom's eyesight isn't very good.
I'm not able to do that tonight.
Tom was very mad at Mary.
I'm not allowed to do that here.
Tom was very angry with me.
Tom was very angry with you.
I'm not likely to do that today.
Tom was very friendly to us.
I'm not smart enough to do that.
Tom was very hard to please.
I'm now learning how to do that.
Tom was unwilling to do that.
I'm smart enough not to do that.
Tom was very happy in Boston.
I'm the one that did that wrong.
Tom was very late, wasn't he?
I'm the only one who'll do that.
Tom was very reluctant to go.
I wasn't being forced to do that.
Tom was very rude, wasn't he?
I'm hoping you'll do that for me.
Tom was very angry, wasn't he?
I'm not going to stop doing that.
Tom was very worried about it.
I'm not willing to do that again.
Tom was wearing a sports coat.
I'm sick and tired of doing that.
Tom was very popular on campus.
I'm still not allowed to do that.
Tom was very satisfied with it.
I'm the one who'll be doing that.
Tom was very worried about you.
I'm the only one who's done that.
Tom seemed to be very impatient.
I'm too depressed to do that now.
Tom was very patient, wasn't he?
I'm too exhausted to do that now.
Tom was very serious about that.
I'm hoping you'll do that with me.
Tom was very unhappy, wasn't he?
I'm just getting ready to do that.
Tom was very worried about Mary.
I'm likely to never do that again.
Tom was wearing an orange shirt.
I'm likely to not do that anymore.
Tom was working late last night.
I'm not actually going to do that.
Tom was worried sick about Mary.
I'm not allowed to do that either.
Tom was your teacher, wasn't he?
I'm not going to do that tomorrow.
Tom was very concerned about you.
I'm not going to start doing that.
Tom was very friendly, wasn't he?
I'm not likely to do that anymore.
Tom was very reckless, wasn't he?
I'm not supposed to be doing that.
Tom was very stubborn, wasn't he?
I'm not supposed to do that alone.
Tom was worried about his health.
I'm not supposed to do that today.
Tom was very sarcastic, wasn't he?
I'm probably not going to do that.
Tom was very talkative, wasn't he?
I'm still learning how to do that.
Tom was working with us yesterday.
I'm still planning not to do that.
Tom was very aggressive, wasn't he?
I'm supposed to be doing that now.
Tom was very persuasive, wasn't he?
I'm supposed to do that by myself.
Tom was wearing a wide-brimmed hat.
I'm supposed to do that next week.
Tom was worried about his children.
I'm supposed to do that on Monday.
Tom wasn't home last Monday evening.
I'm the one who's been doing that.
Tom was the one who said that.
I'm the only one who's doing that.
Tom said he'd be willing to go.
I'm very unlikely to ever do that.
Tom was much busier than I was.
I'm hoping you'll agree to do that.
Tom was very happy to see Mary.
I'm in Boston doing that right now.
Tom was paid well for doing that.
I'm not allowed to do that anymore.
Tom was very sure Mary could win.
I'm not flexible enough to do that.
Tom was writing a book last year.
I'm not willing to do that anymore.
Tom was unaware that Mary had lied.
I'm probably going to do that soon.
Tom was very determined to do that.
I'm very unlikely to do that again.
Tom was worried that he'd get lost.
I'm probably going to do that again.
Tom was worried that we'd get lost.
I'm probably going to do that today.
Tom was working in Boston last year.
I'm probably never going to do that.
Tom was working on that last Monday.
I'm supposed to be doing that today.
Tom wore one of my shirts yesterday.
I'm willing to try doing that again.
Please don't let Tom ride my bicycle.
I'm likely going to do that tomorrow.
Tom seems to be willing to negotiate.
I'm not interested in doing that now.
Tom was wearing a white cotton shirt.
I'm only half way through doing that.
Tom was worried about losing his job.
I'm only half way through doing this.
Tom was wearing a white sports jacket.
I'm probably the one who'll have to do that.
Tom was wearing a black suit yesterday.
I'll be the last one to do that.
Tom was your French teacher, wasn't he?
I'm not in any hurry to do that.
Tom was your guitar teacher, wasn't he?
I'm the one that has to do that.
Tom was very satisfied with the results.
I'm unable to do that on my own.
Tom worked overtime the day before yesterday.
I'm very sure I have to do that.
Do you know when Tom will be here?
We might get hurt if we do that.
Tom said he was used to doing that.
I'm likely to be able to do that.
Do you know when Tom bought his car?
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to need to do that.
Tom was unwilling to help me do that.
I'm too busy to help you do that.
Tom was very happy that his team won.
I'm hoping you can do that for me.
Tom was very sure Mary could do that.
I'm not able to do that by myself.
Tom was very sure that Mary did that.
I'm not the only one who did that.
Tom was wearing the tie you gave him.
I'm now able to do that by myself.
Tom used to be your friend, didn't he?
I'm the one that needs to do that.
Tom was unaware of what Mary had done.
I'm the person who has to do that.
Sami was quickly released.
Sami wasn't seen again until Layla's trial.
Sami was there to testify against Layla.
Sami didn't think that would end up in murder.
Sami was just afraid.
Sami can't believe that Layla was a killer.
Sami was working on a documentary project.
Sami took the blame.
Sami paid the price.
Sami could sense that.
Sami loved to hang out with billionaires like him.
Sami has lived most of his adult life in Cairo.
Sami has just returned from Egypt.
Sami sensed that something wasn't quite right.
Sami's dog hasn't been fed for days.
Sami smelt a strong odor.
Sami went to get his own key.
Sami was screaming on the phone.
Sami appeared to be pretty incoherent.
Sami waited for the police to contact him.
Sami was hysterical enough to be sedated.
Sami flipped the mattress.
Sami removed the trash bags.
Sami's body was put inside a body bag.
Sami's body was put inside a body bag.
Sami grew up here.
Sami refused to pay rent.
Sami's dishwasher wasn't working.
Sami refused to speak with Layla directly.
Sami delivered Layla the news.
Sami's body was found.
Sami didn't regain consciousness at all.
Sami committed the murder.
Sami pulled Layla's body into the closet.
Sami put the key into his pocket.
Sami acted alone.
Sami is not getting out of jail.
Sami hung himself in his cell.
Sami had the safety he longed for.
What helps with a cough?
You wore the same shirt yesterday.
I'll give you a ride to the airport.
I have to go ask a question.
We have to get him a wheelchair at the terminal.
Buy me a keychain as a souvenir.
Do you want a T-shirt?
You've got it in the wrong gear.
What you say leaves me cold.
What you say is false.
What you say is not true.
Tom is as smart as you.
There's no time for tomfoolery!
Wait out front.
Sami noticed Layla's gate was ajar.
Sami was immediately questioned by police.
There're sausages for breakfast.
My coffee mug disappeared.
He's been in solitary confinement.
We'll get there soon.
Come in though the gate.
You have nourished your babies.
You have suckled your babies.
The Congo is a Third World country.
Prevention is always the best solution.
Yesterday it was so cold again. I may have frozen.
Talk quieter.
Talk more quietly.
Speak more quietly.
There's no traffic jam.
What nonsense are you talking about?
What helps cure a cough?
I have to go look for Thomas at school.
Donald was the name of my English teacher.
You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
Mary now lives with her mother.
Mary now lives with her father.
The taxi drivers must know the shortest path to each point of the city.
Tom is learning French. He must really be a man of culture.
Tell him, asshole!
Tell her, asshole!
Call me when you are in Paris.
This is the photo of one of my dogs.
We have to be at the airport at 5:00AM.
We have to get through security.
Pick up my favorite magazines at the gift shop.
Which gate is our flight departing from?
All flights are delayed due to the blizzard.
Tom is at least as smart as you are.
What you said isn't true.
Let me give you a ride to the airport.
You wore that same shirt yesterday.
Tom was very happy that Mary did that.
I'm too drunk to help you do that.
Tom was very sure Mary should do that.
I'm too tired to help you do that.
Tom was wearing the hat Mary gave him.
I won't ever let you do that again.
Tom was worried that he might get fired.
I won't ever permit you to do that.
Tom dressed up as a pirate for Halloween.
I'm hoping you can do that with me.
Tom was wearing a straw hat and sunglasses.
I'm never going to have to do that.
Tom will be working the late shift tonight.
I'm not going to do that right now.
Tom won't likely be home until dinner time.
I'm not the only one that did that.
Do you know when Tom graduated from college?
I'm not the only one who does that.
I'm not the only one that does that.
Do you know when Tom started studying French.
I'm sick, so I can't do that today.
Tom was working as an interpreter last summer.
I'm the only one who has done that.
Tom was very concerned about what might happen.
I'm the person that has to do that.
Tom was worried that something bad might happen.
I'm used to doing that in the dark.
Tom was very sure he had to do that.
We might get injured if we do that.
Tom was very sure Mary had to do that.
I'm just not used to doing that yet.
Tom was well paid for the work he did.
I'm not going to do that right away.
Tom was very sure he needed to do that.
I'm not going to promise to do that.
Do you know when Tom is going to Boston?
I'm not the only one who'll do that.
Tom was very lazy when he was a teenager.
Tom was very sure Mary needed to do that.
I'm not very likely to ever do that.
Tom was very sure Mary wanted to do that.
I'm old enough to do that by myself.
Do you know when Tom and Mary got married?
I'm the only person who can do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't wearing a lab coat.
I'm the person who needs to do that.
Tom was wearing the blue cap you gave him.
I'm very willing to do that for you.
Tom used to be your best friend, didn't he?
I'm not the only one who's done that.
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I'm not the only person who did that.
Tom was working in his office up until noon.
Do you always go to bed before midnight?
Did you tell Tom about what happened to Mary?
You're not allowed to smoke in this restaurant.
Listen to the radio.
When I was a kid, I used to spend hours listening to the radio.
Nowadays, I only listen to the radio when I'm driving.
I am very cautious.
Would you mind turning the radio off? I'm trying to study.
Would you mind turning off the radio? I'm trying to study.
Mary is anorexic.
There's no relief?
Tom bought a container ship.
Tom beat Mary at miniature golf.
Tom gave some oats to his horse.
Tom sent a dozen roses to Mary on Valentine's Day.
Pick up a gallon of milk on your way home.
Have you forgotten that I'm married?
Is this your first trip to Boston?
Is this your first trip to Australia?
You like music, don't you?
We'll meet Tom tomorrow.
Why isn't Tom sleeping?
We've blown a fuse.
Tom was in a fight last night and lost a few teeth.
Have you met Tom's mother-in-law?
I don't remember how the fight started.
I don't remember how the argument started.
I don't remember how this movie ends.
The Rhine is the longest river in Germany.
May I have a word alone with you?
Are you ever going to ask Mary out?
I hope this isn't too spicy for you.
I hope curry isn't too hot for you.
Do you allow your children to eat ice cream?
Do you let your children eat ice cream?
Does anyone in your family play the piano?
Why don't we take the stairs?
Please turn off the radio and turn on the TV.
This hat isn't new.
Sami was very happy to do that.
Sami and Farid hated being twins.
Sami and Layla grew up together.
Sami's home was filled with love and laughter.
Sami was taken advantage of.
Sami and Layla played together.
Sami lived in a bedroom community.
Sami was careful not to wake his wife.
Sami is staying with Layla.
Sami slipped out for a cigarette.
Sami moved to a peaceful suburb.
Sami described the suspect.
Sami was spotted by police outside a gas station.
Sami's breath reeked of alcohol.
Sami shot and killed his brother.
Sami noticed that Layla was cold and stiff.
Sami went to check on Layla.
Sami was found in a terrible state.
Sami and his identical twin, Farid, dressed identically.
Sami developed his own language. He had his own words for things.
Sami was imitating when he heard.
Sami broke the news of Layla's death to her family.
Sami liked to take things apart. He wanted to be an engineer.
Sami's mother has passed away.
Sami and Layla led identical lives.
Sami and his identical twin, Farid, grew up thinking themselves as one entity.
Sami fell to his knees.
Sami seemed very outgoing.
Sami always had friends.
Sami arrived there.
Sami could barely read or write.
Sami was shaken.
Sami asked permission of Layla.
Sami checked Layla's room.
Sami remembers Layla being very outgoing and intelligent.
Sami and Layla didn't see eye to eye.
Sami would ridicule Layla.
Sami often mocked Layla.
Sami laughed at Layla.
Sami helped Layla out.
Sami couldn't bathe himself.
Sami couldn't feed himself.
Sami and Layla's emotional connection remained unbreakable.
Sami had a hard time walking.
Sami was on a lot of medication.
Sami and Layla seemed to be tethered together.
Sami and Layla seemed to need each other.
Sami was shattered.
Sami allowed Layla to move in.
Sami and Layla became really dependent upon one another.
Sami couldn't bear to leave his girlfriend behind.
Sami married one of Layla's sisters.
Sami always wore his wedding ring.
Sami allowed Layla to move into the basement.
Sami faced a dilemma.
Sami couldn't handle it.
Sami punished Layla for doing that.
Sami was delighted.
Sami moved back upstairs.
Sami found Layla's ring.
Sami and Layla were reunited as a couple at last.
Sami and Layla's relationship became twisted.
Sami fired the gun.
Sami died on a dark night in 2006.
Sami was covered in blood and traumatized.
Sami did need Layla but not as much as Layla needed him.
Sami barked orders at Layla.
Sami knew everyone in the area through the convenience store he ran in the neighborhood.
Sami underwent a minor heart procedure.
Sami obediently obeyed Layla's commands.
Sami cooked for Layla.
Sami can't lift this box.
Sami relished his role in this almost sado-masochistic relationship he had with Layla.
Sami and Farid worked side by side as technicians.
Sami repaired radios.
Sami took care of his mother.
Sami could fix almost anything.
Sami hated that picture.
Sami retreated to his apartment.
Sami loved booze.
Sami drank beer by the case.
Sami emptied his beer can.
Sami was forced to admit he needed help to survive.
Sami got sicker.
Sami was violent and he would easily fly off the handle.
Sami's needs escalated.
Sami called Layla stupid.
Sami never wanted to fight.
Sami and Layla shared a passion for firearms.
Sami wants to remind Layla who is boss.
Sami stopped eating.
Sami simply cowered.
Sami lost some weight.
Sami fled to his mother's house.
Sami suffered anxiety.
Sami could see what was going on.
Sami was powerless to do anything to stop that.
Sami returned home to his wife, Layla.
Sami tried to separate Farid and Layla.
Sami knew that something terrible would happen.
Sami wanted more coffee.
Sami began drinking heavily.
Sami has gotten used to being waited on.
Sami became accustomed to that.
Sami and Layla would argue a lot.
Sami watched a football game.
Sami started belittling Layla.
Sami was very drunk.
Sami and Layla's shouting match quickly escalated into a violent physical altercation.
Sami refused to back down.
Sami heard gunshots.
Sami reacted quickly.
Sami got up from the floor.
Sami and Layla talked about that.
Sami offered Layla a solution.
Sami drew his gun.
Sami and Layla's eyes met.
Sami crossed the line.
Sami likes to complain about everything.
Sami and Layla were locked in a strange and abusive relationship.
Sami berated Layla.
Sami and Layla fought their final battle.
Sami spotted a problem with his finances.
Sami fled the house.
Sami jumped in his car.
Sami's phone rang in the middle of the night.
Sami said he had killed Layla.
Sami knew Layla was troubled.
Sami decided not to press charges.
Sami didn't see that coming.
Sami can't stay there.
Sami was standing outside a gas station.
Sami told police he shot his brother.
Sami was fleeced by his maid.
Sami tried to describe what happened.
Sami was searched, cuffed and taken to the police station.
Sami tried to bring Layla back to life.
Sami tried to give Layla CPR.
Sami arrived at Layla's apartment.
Sami was very determined to do that.
Sami was shocked by what he found inside the apartment.
Sami carefully entered the empty bedroom.
Sami's medications made him feel like a walking zombie.
Sami's medications made him sleep ten hours a day.
Sami found Layla's shotgun.
Sami tied the knot with Layla.
Sami story doesn't ring true.
Sami entered Layla's bedroom armed.
Sami kicked in the door with his shotgun.
Sami's bloody body was examined by a forensic examiner.
Sami owned a shotgun.
Sami put a live round in the chamber of his weapon.
Sami was sitting in bed.
Sami's neighbors were questioned about the shooting.
Sami was arrested and charged with felony murder.
Sami's death couldn't be blamed on no one but Layla.
Sami was armed.
Sami could drive my car any time.
Sami didn't miss.
Sami's attorney faced an uphill battle.
Sami and Layla couldn't pull away from their relationship.
Sami and Layla always ended up coming back together.
Sami was physically and psychologically tortured by an abusive father.
Sami wasn't buying a word of it.
Sami did everything he could to paint Layla in the most negative light possible.
Sami used profanities.
Sami and Layla generously offered to take Farid in.
Sami was all Layla had left.
Sami applied for a reverse mortgage to renovate his house.
Sami was languishing in jail, awaiting for his trial.
Sami was pacing his cell.
Sami can't manage this.
Sami agonized daily over killing his brother.
Sami felt terribly guilty.
Sami opened the bedroom door.
Sami was lying in bed.
Sami has long shown signs of fear and paranoia.
Sami came over.
Sami is fired.
Sami recounted to the jury how violently Layla would react when he challenged her.
Sami was embarrassed and humiliated.
Sami forgave Layla for shooting him.
Sami had to take that risk.
Sami enjoyed life.
Sami delivered a shocking revelation.
Sami couldn't escape punishment for the crime.
Sami held his breath.
Sami finally spoke.
Sami always believed that Layla was a ticking timebomb.
Sami too has been abused by his father.
Sami's fate was placed in the jury's hands.
Sami had many jurors lobbying on his behalf.
Sami called Layla and wished her a happy birthday.
Sami seized the moment.
Sami's birthday has passed.
Sami sounded lethargic.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of jail.
Sami's supporters gathered outside the courthouse.
Sami brought Layla to court.
Sami took the life of an innocent man.
Sami was drugged.
Sami pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter.
Sami served six years.
Sami accepted the plea offer.
Sami was released in 2006.
Sami spent a few months in the care of relatives.
Sami walked out the front door.
Sami was blinking.
Sami threw his arms around Layla.
Sami is keeping a low profile.
Sami's bad decision haunted him for the rest of his life.
Sami remained tormented by the killing of his brother.
Sami made a bone-chilling discovery.
Sami immediately called authorities.
Sami tried to revive Layla.
Sami didn't see it coming.
Sami threw the bag away.
Sami grew up with his mother, stepfather, and six sisters.
Sami raised his children in Christianity.
Sami instilled respect for others in his children.
Sami was clearly on the right path.
Sami and Layla helped each other.
Sami studied at high school.
Sami's heart hit the floor.
Sami learned sign language.
Sami's unpaid bills were piling up.
Sami sought a career focused on helping others.
Sami was distraught.
Sami loved Arabic.
Sami's wallet caught Layla's eye.
Sami tried to help Layla.
Sami met Layla through his sister.
Sami knew how to treat a beautiful woman.
Sami was head over heels in love with Layla.
Sami threw up.
Sami wanted to marry Layla.
Sami and Layla's lives were headed in the right direction.
Sami was arrested for cocaine possession.
Sami might have been poisoned.
Sami was prescribed Prozac.
Tom waited on the porch while Mary got ready.
I'm not able to do that on my own.
Tom was wearing a T-shirt and a baseball cap.
I'm going to be too busy to do that.
Tom was wrong to blame Mary for the accident.
I'm not the one that has to do that.
Tom was writing a letter to Mary this morning.
I'm old enough to do that on my own.
Tom was your boyfriend at one time, wasn't he?
I'm the only one who had to do that.
Tom has been working in his office all morning.
I'll try to find some way to do that.
Tom was working in the garden early this morning.
I'm not the one who needs to do that.
Tom was worried that something might happen to him.
Many things have changed since Tom left.
I think that was what Tom was hoping would happen.
Tom was very sure Mary could take care of herself.
Tom said he'd be willing to do whatever it takes.
Tom has been watching TV in his room all evening.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt and Mary was, too.
How much do you think I'll have to spend to get my car repaired?
Tom said he'd be willing to sing a few songs.
I had to stay home all day yesterday to take care of my mother.
I think Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I don't have any more room on my shelves for any more books.
Do you know when Tom is supposed to do that?
How much do you think it'll cost me to get my car repaired?
I think Tom would be willing to go with us.
I need to find a place to put all these books.
Tom said he was willing to pay up to $300.
These questions are too difficult for me to answer.
Tom usually watches the news while he's eating dinner.
What's the best way to get over a hangover?
Tom was worried that something might happen to Mary.
How long do you think this money will last?
Tom was wearing what looked like a military uniform.
I'm not the only one who can do that.
Wrap yourself up.
Wrap up warm.
Take shelter.
Tom was waiting for me in front of the station, but I thought he was going to be waiting behind the station.
Tom was very good at playing the guitar before he broke three fingers on his left hand.
Tom was a pretty good French teacher and I learned a lot from him very quickly.
Tom was a pretty good French teacher and I learned French very quickly.
Tom was a lifeguard at the swimming pool near my house when I was growing up.
Tom was an elementary school music teacher before he became a studio musician.
Tom was waiting for Mary to leave, so he could get back to reading his book.
Tom wasn't wearing a shirt, so they wouldn't let him in the restaurant.
In high school, Tom was better at playing the trombone than Mary was.
Tom was a better chess player than Mary when they were in high school.
Tom was a bit shorter than Mary when they were in elementary school.
Tom was a bit shorter than I was when we were in junior high school.
Make yourself heard.
Did you understand?
I want to enjoy myself.
I think you should wake Tom up.
It's about time for you to get another haircut.
I hope to have this done by 2:30.
Accidents do happen.
Will you have another cup of coffee?
You can sleep here tonight if you want.
You may use my pencil if you like.
There's no need for you to talk so loud.
I'd rather not say what I think.
I'd rather not eat out tonight.
I'd rather not sing.
I'd rather not give a speech.
Tom got off the bus at the wrong stop.
Something seems to be wrong with my computer.
Repetition is the mother of all learning.
Did you understand what I said?
Did you understand everything that was said at the meeting?
What part of my explanation didn't you understand?
Repetition is the mother of learning, the father of action, which makes it the architect of accomplishment.
They were approaching.
They were coming close.
He was exhausted from his long march.
Soup is eaten with a spoon.
I translated into Esperanto so I could practice the language.
I did a translation into Esperanto so that I could practice the language.
Sami's smile lifted Layla's spirits.
Sami and Layla's conflict led to a brutal ending.
You're going to call your stepmother.
Why do you always look so tired?
He washed an apple.
He rinsed off an apple.
Mary is not a man.
Men are essentially evil, essentially unhappy and essentially stupid.
I still feel bad about lying to Tom.
I still feel bad about lying to her.
Tom put his pencil down.
Tom aced his midterms.
Tom aced his midterm exams.
Tom and Mary went kayaking.
Do you remember the time we went kayaking?
Tom felt nostalgic.
Can you pause the TV for a second?
Can you turn off the TV for a second?
Mary put a note in Tom's lunchbox to tell him how much she loves him.
Tom put a note in Mary's lunchbox.
Tom and Mary went canoeing.
She was the woman of his dreams.
The children played in the mud.
The children played in the mud, much to their parents' dismay.
Mary's husband is my husband's age.
Tom's wife is about my age.
This is one of Tatoeba's most closely guarded secrets.
This is one of Boston's most closely guarded secrets.
You don't have to be so cold.
A slough is a swamp or shallow lake system, usually a backwater to a larger body of water.
In 1865, the Danish geologist and mineralogist Johan Georg Forchhammer, with the help of naval and civilian collaborators, collected numerous samples of seawater from the Northern Atlantic and the Arctic Ocean. He wanted to determine why the salinity of seawater varies in different areas of the ocean.
Forchhammer found that the proportions of the major salts in seawater stay about the same everywhere. This constant ratio is known as Forchhammer's Principle.
Forchhammer put the samples through a detailed series of chemical analyses.
Forchhammer's discovery helped scientists understand that salinity levels in seawater vary due to the addition or removal of fresh water, rather than differing amounts of salt minerals in the water.
A bight is a long, gradual bend or recess in the shoreline that forms a large, open bay.
The Southern California Bight is the curved coastline between Point Conception and San Diego, and encompasses the Channel Islands.
Unlike left and right, "port" and "starboard" refer to fixed locations on a vessel.
A seiche is a standing wave oscillating in a body of water.
If you have observed water sloshing back and forth in a swimming pool, bathtub, or cup of water, you may have witnessed a small-scale seiche.
Lake Erie is known for seiches, especially when strong winds blow from southwest to northeast. In 1844, a 22-foot seiche breached a 14-foot-high sea wall killing 78 people and damming the ice to the extent that Niagara Falls temporarily stopped flowing.
In some of the Great Lakes and other large bodies of water, the time period between the "high" and "low" of a seiche can be as much as four to seven hours. This is very similar to the time period between a high and low tide in the oceans, and is often mistaken as a tide.
The Earth is an irregularly shaped ellipsoid.
While the Earth appears to be round when viewed from the vantage point of space, it is actually closer to an ellipsoid.
The shape of the Earth is always changing.
A nautical mile measures distance and a knot measures speed.
A nautical mile is based on the circumference of the earth, and is equal to one minute of latitude.
A nautical mile is equal to 1.1508 statute miles.
A knot is one nautical mile per hour.
"Seaweed" is the common name for countless species of marine plants and algae that grow in the ocean as well as in rivers, lakes, and other water bodies.
To date, we have explored less than five percent of the ocean.
Much remains to be learned from exploring the mysteries of the deep.
The ocean is the lifeblood of Earth, covering more than 70 percent of the planet's surface, driving weather, regulating temperature, and ultimately supporting all living organisms.
Throughout history, the ocean has been a vital source of sustenance, transport, commerce, growth, and inspiration.
Ninety-five percent of the world's oceans remain unexplored, unseen by human eyes.
Salt marshes are coastal wetlands that are flooded and drained by salt water brought in by the tides.
Pressure increases with ocean depth.
Pisces V is a three-person submersible that can operate at depths up to 6,500 feet. This vehicle allows scientists to observe the deep sea under tremendous ocean pressure.
At sea level, the air that surrounds us presses down on our bodies at 14.5 pounds per square inch. You don't feel it because the fluids in your body are pushing outward with the same force.
The deeper you go under the sea, the greater the pressure of the water pushing down on you. For every 33 feet (10.06 meters) you go down, the pressure increases by 14.5 psi.
Many animals that live in the sea have no trouble at all with high pressure.
Whales can withstand dramatic pressure changes because their bodies are more flexible. Their ribs are bound by loose, bendable cartilage, which allows the rib cage to collapse at pressures that would easily snap our bones.
A whale's lungs can also collapse safely under pressure, which keeps them from rupturing. This allows sperm whales to hunt for giant squid at depths of 7,000 feet or more.
Why is the ocean salty, but rivers flowing into it are not?
The water in the ocean collects all of the salt and minerals from all of the rivers that flow into it.
Throughout the world, rivers carry an estimated four billion tons of dissolved salts to the ocean annually.
An invasive species is an organism that causes ecological or economic harm in a new environment where it is not native.
Invasive species can harm both the natural resources in an ecosystem as well as threaten human use of these resources.
An invasive species can be introduced to a new area via the ballast water of oceangoing ships, intentional and accidental releases of aquaculture species, aquarium specimens or bait, and other means.
Invasive species are capable of causing extinctions of native plants and animals, reducing biodiversity, competing with native organisms for limited resources, and altering habitats. This can result in huge economic impacts and fundamental disruptions of coastal and Great Lakes ecosystems.
Invasive species can be introduced to an area by ship ballast water, accidental release, and most often, by people.
Invasive species can lead to the extinction of native plants and animals, destroy biodiversity, and permanently alter habitats.
An eddy is a circular current of water.
The swirling motion of eddies in the ocean cause nutrients that are normally found in colder, deeper waters to come to the surface.
The ocean is a huge body of water that is constantly in motion.
You may have seen an eddy if you've ever gone canoeing and you see a small whirlpool of water while you paddle through the water.
The great ocean conveyor moves water around the globe.
Cold, salty water is dense and sinks to the bottom of the ocean while warm water is less dense and remains on the surface.
Cold water has a higher density than warm water.
Water gets colder with depth because cold, salty ocean water sinks to the bottom of the ocean basins below the less dense warmer water near the surface.
While we often think of the earth as a sphere, our planet is actually very bumpy and irregular.
Bathymetry is the study of the "beds" or "floors" of water bodies, including the ocean, rivers, streams, and lakes.
Drinking seawater can be deadly to humans.
Seawater contains salt.
Sami was facing murder charges.
Sami and Layla were communicating through letters.
Sami sent Layla a lot of letters.
Sami was charged with the murder of his roommate.
Sami and Layla were forbidden to communicated.
Sami and Layla were supporting one another.
Sami apologized to Layla.
Sami killed his two roommates.
Sami changed his tune.
Sami discovered the bodies.
Sami brought forward more damning evidence against Layla.
Sami had expensive cars.
Sami warned Layla.
Sami never found his missing wife.
Sami received an invitation.
Sami named the baby Layla.
Sami was running his gym from Egypt.
Sami's testimony was powerful.
Sami is a convicted child rapist.
Sami spent some time in a county jail.
Sami's journal named several suspects.
Sami named several suspects in his journal.
Sami murdered his pregnant fiancee.
Sami owned a very expensive home.
Sami didn't have anything to do with Layla's death.
Sami mistreated many women.
Sami doesn't doubt that.
Sami's company made plastic bags.
Sami had an expensive taste in clothing.
Sami didn't challenge that.
Sami lived a glittering life.
Sami abused Layla physically.
Sami never hit Layla.
Sami never raped Layla.
Sami liked to drink.
Sami refused to take the stand.
Sami never accused Layla of a crime.
Sami and Layla adopted a son.
Sami hired a private investigator to follow Layla.
It's in the microwave.
Sami liked to go out alone.
Sami didn't want that baby.
Sami battled lung cancer.
Sami wanted his diamond ring back.
Sami wished Layla would die.
Sami suffered a decade of abuse and humiliation from Layla.
Sami was tired of what was going on.
Sami's alibi wasn't airtight.
Sami lives alone.
Sami went to bed early that night.
Sami returned from a shopping trip.
Sami never wanted a divorce.
Sami offered police an electronic alibi. He was chatting on Facebook all night.
Sami was at home all night.
Sami went after Layla with a bat.
Sami was playing a game on Playstation.
Sami lied about that.
Sami was there that night and murdered Layla.
Sami's defense proclaimed his innocence.
Sami was at his house with his baby son.
Sami and Layla were texting all night.
Sami stopped texting Layla.
Sami followed his instincts.
Sami has been dead for six years.
Sami was referring to Layla.
Sami was supposed to be working at the power plant.
Sami didn't have time to take the groceries out of the trunk.
Sami was purchasing bisexual paraphernalia.
Sami had the proof of his allegations.
Sami was about to win the custody case.
Sami's body was decomposing.
Sami killed Layla because she was about to win the custody case.
Come in, please.
Sami denied he murdered Layla.
Sami told his attorney.
Sami told his attorney what was going on.
It's nice to see you after all these years.
Sami's lawyer was not surprised when the jury found him not guilty.
Our lives have been like movies.
Sami's defense strategy worked.
Sami did it.
Mary is writing again.
Sami had motive.
I've started keeping a journal.
Sami needed to stop that.
Sami's diary was his message from the grave.
Sami was desperate.
Sami's lawyer saved his harshest criticism for police.
Sami could have done that crime.
Tom and Sami are the very best of friends.
Sami allowed the cops to search his house.
Sami has full custody of his son Farid.
Sami lives under a cloud of suspicion.
Sami saw jewelry in Layla's purse.
Sami is an idiot.
Sami is in Egypt where he is trying to live a new life.
Sami emptied his safety deposit box the day Layla was killed.
Sami is in the middle of a lawsuit.
Sami went to a local supermarket.
Sami drove a Rolls Royce.
Sami had a beautiful wife and a little boy.
Sami was evicted.
Sami bought trash bags.
Sami was extradited to Canada.
Sami painted a very different picture of Layla and Farid's marriage.
Sami revealed the dark side of Layla.
Sami told Layla she was worthless.
Sami lives in a small Canadian town.
Sami made Layla clean up the mess with her hair.
Sami's neighbors were horrified.
I am watching these two snails.
Sami wanted to dance.
Sami wanted more attention from Layla.
Get my magnifying glass.
Sami has met somebody nice.
Sami founded a cult.
Sami left Farid's cult.
Sami came to the bar.
Did you visit any museums?
Sami tried to take everything.
How is your foot healing?
Sami remained in the cult.
Sami was determined to keep his children.
I'm getting a blister.
This is hard work.
Sami didn't want to give up his wealth.
Sami brought his children home.
Sami never heard of that cult.
Sami invoked the name of Jesus.
It popped out of the joint.
Sami and Layla were involved in a custody battle.
The pleasure will mine.
Tom opened a pizzeria.
That's pretty good pizza.
How about some pizza?
I need to visit the cash machine.
There's a place down the road that's pretty good.
We need more water.
Tom spilled the beans.
It's been paid in full.
Sami realized Layla was dead.
Do we tip here?
Sami tried to burn Layla's body.
Sami is 36 years old.
Should I tip?
Sami's life was in shambles.
Sami wasn't certain.
I left a large tip.
Sami tried to lift Layla's body but he couldn't.
Sami's body lied decaying in the garage.
These are used.
Sami read the paper.
Sami made a phone call to the police.
Sami wanted to look his best.
I'm not paying good money for distressed clothes.
Sami was living in Cairo, Egypt, with his father.
Sami desperately wanted his kids back.
Sami was a member of the cult for 16 years.
What happened to my new cap?
Sami abandoned the cult.
Sami started a cult in Egypt.
They may be in trouble.
Tom and Mary may be in trouble.
Sami is an ex-member of the cult.
Sami was a hippy.
Someone just ran out with the tip jar.
Sami's cult continues to operate.
Sami kept his whereabouts a secret.
Sami craved love.
Sami practises what he preaches.
Sami explained the term.
So now he's a junior detective?
Sami's wallet was sitting on the back seat.
Sami called that prostitution.
Sami justified that.
It cost more to ship it than it is worth.
Sami didn't say that to Layla.
Sami was bawling.
Sami was a member of Farid's cult.
Sami and Layla were able to have children.
Sami likes to be in total control.
Sami had a book which showed photos of children in suggestive poses.
I'm craving fruit.
Sami married a smart successful businesswoman.
Sami purchased a waterfront mansion.
Sami has had an incestuous relationship with his daughter.
What happened two pages ago?
Sami approached his daughter for sex.
Sami left the cult.
Sami thought he was smarter than everybody else.
Sami was the leader of a cult.
Sami oozed love for Layla.
Sami left Cairo where he has been living with his wife and children.
Sami wanted to die.
Sami was preparing for a busy day.
Sami lives halfway around the world, in Cairo.
Sami left early that day.
Sami will see Layla at the office at 11 am.
Sami performed on the streets to bring in new converts.
Sami reported Layla missing to police.
Sami lived in a refugee camp.
Sami turned on the television.
Sami was looking for his children.
Sami was determined to try.
Sami hired a private investigator.
Sami was looking good.
Sami was ready to move on.
Sami created a new life for himself.
Sami joined a Baptist church in Ontario.
Sami inspected Layla's car.
Sami was granted temporary custody of his children.
Sami, Layla, and Farid are all in Egypt.
Sami's confidence was shattered.
Sami seached for his children in Egypt but in vain.
Flattery won't get you anything.
Sami may have been kidnapped.
Flattery won't get you anywhere.
Sami Bakir is the children's father.
Sami is our only home.
Sami put his car in the garage.
Sami agreed to help as long as his identity was protected.
Sami and Layla met for a last minute planning session.
Sami recovered his children.
Sami was never located again.
Mary was perplexed by Tom's odd behavior.
Sami needed to think about it.
Sami was faced with a decision no parent would like to make.
Tom was perplexed by Mary's odd behavior.
Sami wanted to be successful.
Sami lost his children for ever.
Sami is very nervous.
Sami had nothing to do with the murder of this woman.
The flames licked at the logs.
Sami vanished.
Sami is inside the office with the officials.
Sami returned to the immigration office.
Sami came and went.
I wanted everything to be perfect.
Sami kept his eyes riveted to the entrance of the building.
Sami appeared without the children.
Sami, Farid, and Layla split the stolen cash between themselves.
Sami told police where Layla exactly lived.
Sami's story checked out.
Sami dumped Layla's car in the woods.
Sami took Layla to the embassy.
Sami's car was found abandoned in the desert.
Sami left Layla's car there.
Sami was winning the game.
Sami waited in the van for what seemed to be an eternity.
Sami turned the light off.
Sami drove away, believing that Layla was safe.
Sami had no idea what was happening.
Sami called that number.
Sami never canceled anything.
Sami always called.
Sami returned with big news.
Sami and Layla decided to spend some quality time alone.
Sami arrived at the hotel.
Sami approached his children.
Sami didn't want to go.
Sami's sheets didn't fit his bed.
Sami never changed his sheets.
Sami considers Layla an enemy because she left his cult.
Sami was abducted.
I enjoyed getting to know him.
I enjoyed getting to know her.
Sami broke into Layla's house.
Sami deceived Layla.
Sami has legal custody.
Sami hid there for the night.
Sami began making arrangements to get out of the country as soon as possible.
Sami rekindled the ties with his children.
Sami has to go to Egypt.
Sami wants to stay in Egypt.
Sami was repeating that over and over.
Sami was outside the room.
Sami talked about how much he loved Layla.
Sami would never win an Academy Award for that stupid performance.
Sami is gonna win.
Sami was hitting on a female reporter.
Sami was on the other side of the world, preparing for Layla's arrival.
Sami had a new home in Cairo.
Sami has been separated from his mother for weeks.
Sami was getting oral sex from his secretary.
Sami offered to pay a reporter to have sex with him.
Sami was glued to the window, waiting for his mother to appear.
Sami was flabbergasted.
Sami thought he lost his kids for ever.
Sami seemed to be enjoying all the fuss and the festivities.
Sami walked into the bitter cold.
Sami visited the Bakir family.
Sami fought frequently with his mother.
Sami refused to go to school.
Sami was devoted to the cult.
Sami knew all about the cult's practices.
Sami took care of the children.
Sami became extremely agitated.
Sami just kissed Layla.
Sami dug deeper into Layla's life.
Sami visited Layla again.
Sami and Layla found out that they couldn't have children.
Sami was just fed up of this woman.
Sami has made some adjustments.
Sami was planning to divorce Layla.
Sami wanted to get rid of Layla without a divorce.
Sami started school in March and he completed the year.
Sami continued to believe in the teachings of Farid Bakir and his cult.
Sami feels good these days.
Sami has overcome that.
Sami was born into this Satanic cult.
Sami is a car wash cleaner.
Sami works at a local car wash.
Sami took a pillow off the bed.
Sami made friends easily.
Sami came to Cairo to escape his past.
Sami wanted to go to a big city and be rich and famous.
Sami met many women like Layla.
Sami got rid of Layla's body.
Sami is a Wall Street guy.
Sami's net worth was in the multi-millions.
Sami thought he would get away with this.
Sami wanted stability.
Sami had a house in Cairo.
Sami's way of dealing with things was violent.
Sami married Layla in 1976.
Sami was very shocked.
Sami worked for 36 years in law enforcement.
Sami was sentenced sixteen years to life.
Sami wanted to become a top writer.
Sami had a history of hurting women.
Sami and Layla began seeing a marriage counselor.
Sami had a secret apartment.
Sami was cross-dressing.
Sami was desperate to flee his abusive family.
Sami was a cross-dresser.
Sami was shot with one shot to the base of the skull.
Sami had a dildo.
Sami was a very bizarre individual.
Sami liked to videotape himself.
Sami pushed for a divorce.
Sami died of bone cancer.
Sami's peaceful life came to an unthinkable end.
Sami fired a round that went through the screen door.
Sami stared death in the face.
Sami was shot again.
Sami was stabbed six times in the neck.
Sami couldn't believe what was happening.
Sami heard a huge explosion.
Sami was brought in for a handwriting test.
Sami promised Layla the night of her life.
Sami grew up in North Carolina high society.
Sami and Layla had a perfect first date.
Sami and Layla too drank.
Sami looked away from Layla.
Sami came from a well-to-do family.
Sami fell down directly to the floor.
Sami and Layla's marriage produced six boys.
Sami was the one deejaying.
Sami was my whole world.
Sami saw that town as the perfect place to set up his dental practice.
Sami and I moved in together six days ago.
Sami and Layla drifted apart.
Sami looked out the window and saw two black mails running.
Sami returned home to Egypt.
Sami wore a red jacket.
Sami is one of the apartment residents.
Sami was involved in a deadly gang dispute.
Sami quickly put two and two together.
Sami is never gonna see sixteen.
Sami would take the shirt off his back for you.
Sami's thoughts became fixated on one imagined enemy: his mother-in-law.
Sami wanted to be a Crip member.
Sami arrived.
Sami is on his way to work.
Sami has already killed himself.
Sami is in a bar.
Sami was going to kill himself.
Sami notified a friend who notified the cops.
Sami didn't expect to see that.
Sami ended his own life.
Sami didn't mean to do it.
Sami lived there for six weeks.
Sami was executed.
Sami picked up the used shell casings.
Sami helped Layla pay her rent.
Sami didn't witness the crime.
Sami has had a lot of runnings with the law.
Sami didn't even have a car.
Violence is never the answer.
Sami didn't have a place to live.
Sami thought the cops were going to bust him.
Sami is going to jail for a long time.
Sami didn't fully understand the ramifications of his actions.
We should be getting close.
Sami paid his drug supplier.
Sami was masquerading as a physician.
Mary's eyes were brimming with tears.
Sami was obsessed with copying his father, a successful businessman.
Sami was trying to help.
Tom's eyes were brimming with tears.
Sami paid his drug supplier back.
Sami will testify on Layla's behalf.
Sami would do anything he could do to smooth over the situation.
Sami sent the bank a nasty letter.
Sami sued his bank.
Sami needed to lay low.
Sami has set a deadly storm in motion.
Sami stopped at a red light.
Sami had a temper.
Sami jumped out of the car and ran into the night, never to be seen again.
Sami wanted to take Layla somewhere.
Sami took Layla to a friend's house.
Sami's mansion became a house of horrors.
Sami's ring finger has been cut.
Sami took what I told him to heart.
Sami told me he was in a lot of trouble.
Sami didn't feel sorry for Layla.
Sami accepted Layla as a guest.
Sami was abusive to Layla verbally and physically.
Sami collected the shell casings.
Sami put the picture in his breast pocket.
Sami needed to protect himself.
Sami got back and saw Layla was there.
Sami and Layla got into a big fight.
Sami said it was a justified homicide.
Sami's killer cleaned up the shell casings.
Sami always wondered about that.
Sami left the mosque.
Sami feared for his kids.
Sami has been baptized.
Sami drove over to Layla's house.
Sami and Layla started a family soon afterward.
Some things don't change.
Sami shared a bed with Layla.
Sami became fixated on Layla with hate.
Sami told police a complete fake story.
Sami acted like this.
Sami pinned all the blame on Layla.
Sami hates customers who act like this.
While humans can safely ingest small amounts of salt, the salt content in seawater is much higher than what can be processed by the human body.
Sami was money-hungry mechanic.
Too much sodium can be deadly.
Sami and Layla didn't do anything.
Human kidneys can only make urine that is less salty than salt water. Therefore, to get rid of all the excess salt taken in by drinking seawater, you have to urinate more water than you drank. Eventually, you die of dehydration even as you become thirstier.
Sami was abusive.
Oceanographers study the ocean.
Sami drove off with Layla.
Sami is our chef.
Sami knows all and sees all.
Sami started firing at us.
Sami made a true confession.
Sami was at the repair shop.
Sami is not guilty of murder. He's instead guilty of manslaughter.
Sami thought it was you.
Sami was a double-amputee.
Jim detonated his explosive belt.
Sami was already a wolrdwide celebrity.
Sami met Layla outside Cairo.
Sami and Layla had a great time together.
Sami was very respectful.
Sami was a sports hero.
Sami has been poisoned with cyanide.
Sami offered Layla advice and support.
Sami saw what Layla wanted him to see.
Sami was a different person.
Sami had a dark side his adoring fans didn't see.
Sami heard Layla yelling through the phone.
Sami's foul language shocked Layla.
Sami would shout at Layla for not taking her play to the kitchen.
Sami had a love for danger and a need for speed.
Sami would drive fast all the time.
Sami sometimes exploded with fits of anger.
Sami shouted at Layla.
Sami drove the car at 160 miles an hour.
Sami brought Layla back here to Cairo.
Sami wanted to bury Layla in Cairo.
Sami did that a couple of times.
Sami had a passion for guns.
Sami always carried his guns with him.
The universal library contains every book ever written.
Sami fired his gun.
Sami came over quickly.
Sami phoned police.
Sami shot at Layla and missed.
Sami had a gun in his car.
Sami detailed his relationship with Layla.
Sami was deeply unstable.
Sami was an emotional wreck.
The global ocean conveyor belt is a constantly moving system of deep-ocean circulation driven by temperature and salinity.
Sami proudly held his country's flag at the Olympics.
There is constant motion in the ocean in the form of a global ocean conveyor belt.
Sami was cheating on Layla.
Sami was very involved in church affairs.
There is constant motion in the ocean in the form of a global ocean conveyor belt. This motion is caused by a combination of thermohaline currents in the deep ocean and wind-driven currents on the surface.
Sami said Layla was cheating on him.
Sami was haunted by that.
Sami wrote a lot about his dark thoughts.
Sami and Layla have not officially broken up.
Ocean water freezes at a lower temperature than freshwater.
Sami wanted a son to inherit his name and fortune.
Ocean water freezes just like freshwater, but at lower temperatures.
Sami's girlfriend was very sexy.
At least 15 percent of the ocean is covered by sea ice some part of the year.
Sami was watching it.
Fresh water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit but seawater freezes at about 28.4 degrees Fahrenheit, because of the salt in it.
Sami's marriage lasted about six years.
When seawater freezes, the ice contains very little salt because only the water part freezes. It can be melted down to use as drinking water.
Sami and his mother did not get on.
Sami's daughter conceived before marriage.
Sami said he never cheated on Layla.
Sami and Layla shared a room.
Sami and Layla shared the same room.
A rip current is a powerful, channeled current.
Rip currents are powerful, narrow channels of fast-moving water that are prevalent along the East, Gulf, and West coasts of the U.S., as well as along the shores of the Great Lakes.
Sami liked to provoke his stepfather by saying outrageous things.
Moving at speeds of up to eight feet per second, rip currents can move faster than an Olympic swimmer.
Sami didn't see Layla walk into the bathroom.
Lifeguards rescue tens of thousands of people from rip currents in the U.S. every year.
It is estimated that 100 people are killed by rip currents annually.
Sami has been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
If caught in a rip current, don't fight it! Swim parallel to the shore and swim back to land at an angle.
Sami's mental illness cut his modeling career short.
Sami discussed that with Layla.
A tsunami is a series of waves caused by earthquakes or undersea volcanic eruptions.
Sami didn't really make physical contact with Layla.
Sami shot Layla unintentionally.
On Nov. 18, 1929, a magnitude 7.4 Mw earthquake occurred 155 miles south of Newfoundland along the southern edge of the Grand Banks, Canada.
Tsunamis are giant waves caused by earthquakes or volcanic eruptions under the sea.
Out in the depths of the ocean, tsunami waves do not dramatically increase in height. But as the waves travel inland, they build up to higher and higher heights as the depth of the ocean decreases.
Tsunami waves may travel as fast as jet planes over deep waters, only slowing down when reaching shallow waters.
In terms of geography, a sea is part of the ocean partially enclosed by land
The Seven Seas include the Arctic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Pacific, South Pacific, Indian, and Southern Oceans.
The exact origin of the phrase 'Seven Seas' is uncertain, although there are references in ancient literature that date back thousands of years.
The origins of the phrase 'Seven Seas' can be traced to ancient times.
In Greek literature, the Seven Seas were the Aegean, Adriatic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Caspian seas, and the Persian Gulf.
In Medieval European literature, the Seven Seas referred to the North Sea, Baltic, Atlantic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Arabian seas.
After Europeans discovered North America, the concept of the Seven Seas changed again. Mariners then referred to the Seven Seas as the Arctic, the Atlantic, the Indian, the Pacific, the Mediterranean, the Caribbean, and the Gulf of Mexico.
Tides are caused by gravitational pull of the moon and the sun.
Sami was a chapter in my life and that chapter is closed.
Tides are one of the most reliable phenomena in the world. As the sun rises in the east and the stars come out at night, we are confident that the ocean waters will regularly rise and fall along our shores.
The ocean formed billions of years ago.
Sami left his car at a repair shot.
Sami doesn't want to miss this.
Sami took Layla for a ride.
Sami lied dead in his bed.
Sami caught Layla right in the act.
Sami fixed the problem.
Sami can fix any problem under the hood.
Sami was willing to take advantage of his customers by doing unnecessary repairs.
Sami turned the gun on himself.
Sami's demons have taken over.
Sami has been fixing cars for more than 36 years.
While there is only one global ocean, the vast body of water that covers 71 percent of the Earth is geographically divided into distinct named regions. The boundaries between these regions have evolved over time for a variety of historical, cultural, geographical, and scientific reasons.
Sami agreed to tell Al-Jazeera about the dirty little secrets of his trade.
The distance that sound travels in the ocean varies greatly, depending primarily upon water temperature and pressure.
Sami was allowed to cremate his wife.
Why is the ocean blue?
Sami could do it in thirty minutes.
The ocean is blue because water absorbs colors in the red part of the light spectrum. Like a filter, this leaves behind colors in the blue part of the light spectrum for us to see.
Sami could do it in less time.
About 97 percent of Earth's water is in the ocean
Sami has to do it himself.
Sami was very troubled.
Sami needs a job.
Sami checked the engine.
Sami was afraid of that.
Sami had an SUV.
Sami's SUV is in perfect working order.
Sami didn't even bother charging Layla for his time.
Sami is a technician.
Sami cleaned Layla's engine.
Sami told us he was shocked.
Sami gave cops incomplete and inaccurate information.
Sami called his mechanic.
Sami conducted his own search for Layla.
Sami fixed the engine seconds after opening the hood.
Sami stripped Layla's wallet of more than 600 bucks.
Sami suggested a less expensive fix.
Sami didn't know how to operate that gun.
Sami fixed Layla's car for the bargain price of 60 dollars.
Sami didn't know how to use a gun.
Sami showed Layla his work.
Sami checked his hidden cameras.
Sami's theory was questioned.
Sami didn't even touch the engine.
Sami never ever touched the engine.
Sami wanted to get some answers.
Sami actually didn't do anything.
Sami never actually fixed the car.
Sami liked the good life.
Light may be detected as far as 1,000 meters down in the ocean, but there is rarely any significant light beyond 200 meters.
The ocean is divided into three zones based on depth and light level. The upper 200 meters of the ocean is called the euphotic, or "sunlight," zone. This zone contains the vast majority of commercial fisheries and is home to many protected marine mammals and sea turtles.
Sami developed loathing for his family.
Sami did the actual work.
Sami plugged the wire back in.
Sami considered various plans to murder Layla.
Sami hated mechanics.
Sami doesn't know very much about cars.
The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the surface of our planet.
Less than one percent of all the water on Earth is fresh.
Sonar uses sound waves to 'see' in the water.
Sami had a lot of problems.
Sami faced trial for six counts of murder.
Sami wanted to shower.
She's probably just waiting for you to apologize.
Sami took advantage of Layla.
Sami found that amazing.
Sami was determined to kill.
Sami will see the results in just a few months.
Sami put up a fantastic struggle to protect his family.
Sami made the whole thing up.
Sami was a vicious malicious salesman.
Sami showed us some tricks of his trade.
Sami was fixing an escalator.
Sami gave Layla some fancy products to sell.
Sami returned to the crime scene.
Sami knows all the sales tactics.
Sami likes to flatter his customers.
Can you tell me how to get there?
Sami committed suicide.
Sami stopped to check.
Sami liked to turn passers-by into temporary friends.
Sami recommended that.
Sami started to live the life of luxury he desired.
Sami actually uses this.
Sami described Layla as evil almost beyond belief.
Sami told cops a complete fake story.
Sami claimed that the product was foreign.
Sami put the bottle in Layla's hand.
Sami tried a few samples, but he didn't buy.
Sami has been locked up for 26 years.
Sami spent an hour with a customer and he didn't buy anything.
Sami hates customers like these.
Sami waited there.
Sami is so lucky.
Sami paid that 160 dollars.
Sami sent an MP a letter declaring his innocence.
Sami and Farid are identical twins.
Sami's wife is Asian.
Sami thought Layla's sons had been fathered by the devil.
Sami didn't test this product.
Sami doesn't know what he's doing.
Sami claimed Layla's farm to himself.
Sami wanted to kill his boss.
Sami is a coffee maker.
Sami is a drug dealer.
Sami is a junky.
Sonar is short for Sound Navigation and Ranging.
Sami made a powerful plea at his innocence.
Sami came to get his fix.
Sami created this video.
Sami watched the musical Les Miserables.
Sami was convinced that Layla was the killer.
Sami didn't have the physical strength to overcome Farid.
Sami and Layla call themselves the "Punks."
Sami didn't know what he was doing.
Sami will get fired.
Sami stole Layla's purse.
Sami never stopped claiming his innocence.
Sami is out in the open.
Sami spat in the soup.
Sami charged a drunk customer three times.
She fell madly in love with him.
Sami ordered coffee.
He fell madly in love with her.
Sami is a coffee chef.
Sami is my pride and joy.
Sami drinks coffee every day.
Sami is confident.
Sami ordered an expensive coffee.
Sami is a connoisseur.
Sami persuaded lots of people that he was innocent.
Sami persuaded lots of people that he was innocent.
Sami would kill to protect his property.
Sami tasted the coffee.
Sami trusted Layla. Why wouldn't he?
Sami thought he was going to die.
Sami is getting fleeced and used.
They became very good friends.
Sami continues to do that.
Sami made the coffee.
By determining the time between the emission of the sound pulse and its reception, the sonar transducer can determine the range and orientation of the object.
Sami gave Layla a good tip.
Passive sonar systems are used primarily to detect noise from marine objects (such as submarines or ships) and marine animals like whales.
Sami will remember Layla.
Sami was accustomed to getting his own way.
Sami liked Layla.
Sami rewarded Layla.
Sami lived in a mansion.
Sami purchased a mansion.
Sami mistreated Layla.
Sami watched Layla's every move.
The average ocean depth is 2.3 miles.
Sami is a rich man.
Sami was walking around and gasping.
Sami and Layla seemed a perfect pair.
The deepest part of the ocean is called the Challenger Deep and is located beneath the western Pacific Ocean in the southern end of the Mariana Trench.
Challenger Deep is approximately 36,200 feet deep. It is named after the HMS Challenger, whose crew first sounded the depths of the trench in 1875.
Sami and Layla lived in a mansion.
Sami was toppled off the political pedestal.
Sami lost everything.
Sami Bakir was sworn in in 2006.
Sami had a new resume.
Sami's favorite mount was a mare named Layla.
Sami wrote a new resume.
Sami became verbally abusive to the staff.
Sami swore at the staff.
Sami had to go through hard time.
Sami called his restaurant and ordered some food.
Sami was a state employee.
Sami came up with an alternate plan.
Sami took back what we owed him in food.
Sami borrowed from his company.
Sami had parties every day.
Sami was more interested in gambling.
Sami borrowed from his company all the time.
Sami was playing the tuba.
Sami showed up with increasing frequency.
Sami was the CEO of the company.
Sami was there for a reason.
Sami as treated very well.
Something improper was going on.
Sami gave Layla a check.
Sami will pay for it.
Sami paid for the wedding of Layla.
Sami received the check from Layla.
Sami was accused of embezzlement.
Sami has just lost his home.
Sami counted on Layla to explain that to the cops.
Sami felt the heat and chose not to come to Layla's defense.
Sami fought back.
Sami got a sixteen thousand dollar check from Layla.
Tom is a sleazebag.
Sami's house collapsed.
Sami faced sixteen felony charges.
Sami faced a maximum of six hundred years behind bars.
Sami got lost in the desert.
Sami spent about sixty thousand dollars on that garden.
Sami was the sole survivor of a terrifying plane crash.
Sami suffered what's referred to as an internal decapitation. In other words, his skull was severed from his spine.
Sami should have died instantly.
Sami's ship sank in a storm.
Sami's raft drifted for six weeks.
Sami asked Layla to become a film consultant.
Sami went surfing in Hawaii.
Sami swam back to shore.
Sami got out of the water.
He's a great guy.
Sami saw the documentary.
Sami already knows Layla's story.
Sami disappeared from view.
Sami was forced to cut the rope, sending Layla down to her death.
Sami recommended Layla to see that documentary.
Sami built an ice cave to escape the blizzard.
Sami's leg had to be amputated.
Sami is the first double-amputee to climb this mountain.
Sami's plane crashed.
Sami hid in a dense thicket.
Sami's body was exhumed for another autopsy.
I'm going to make coffee.
Sami followed the water downstream.
Sami ordered Layla's body be dug up so that he could get her diamond ring back.
Sami continued his studies to become a zoologist.
Sami was working on a particle accelerator.
Sami's defense team scoured law books to find a path to justice.
Sami looked inside the chamber.
Sami saw the flash.
Sami thought his conflict with Layla would be settled at the courtroom.
Sami still has occasional seizures.
Sami fell to his death.
Sami's skin began to peel off.
Sami can't hear out of his left ear.
Sami was accused of an unusual crime.
Sami fell 26 storeys.
Sami could still walk despite damage to his spinal cord.
Sami lived 76 days in the jungle.
Sami and Layla had already separated.
Sami lived in a makeshift shelter.
Sami weighed 46 kilos.
Sami spent 16 days in the cave with little food or water.
Sami didn't know what Layla's needle contained.
Sami's grandfather was captured during the Mexican Revolution.
Sami injected Layla with poison.
Sami prepared delicious pastries.
Sami survived a barrage of bullets.
Sami's body was sliced clean in half by a train.
Sami woke up after a six-week coma.
Sami should not have survived.
Sami was sailing the South Pacific.
Sami's ship capsized.
Sami was knocked unconscious.
Tom looks suspiciously happy today.
Sami ended up in Tahiti.
Mary looks suspiciously happy today.
Sami walked free.
Sami was working as a river guide.
Sami was trying to save a colleague.
Sami was attacked by a hippo.
Sami lost his way in the desert.
Sami flew to Cairo from Toronto.
Sami ran out of food or water.
Sami slit his own wrists.
Sami interrupted the meeting.
Sami was taken to an Egyptian hospital.
Sami publishes new videos every day.
Sami is not going to survive this.
Sami was trying to catch a wave.
"What happened last night?" "Nothing."
Tom couldn't hide his smile.
Mary couldn't hide her smile.
Sami's leg was severed completely off.
Sami talked Layla into killing Farid.
Sami heard about that.
Sami's killer was hired by Layla.
Sami had no bad blood with Layla.
Sami was convicted of conspiracy to murder.
Sami had stroke-like symptoms.
Sami didn't want anyone to harm Layla.
Sami stepped on something squishy.
Sami was struggling to save himself.
Sami tried to distract the snake.
Sami was spotted by a police officer near a gas station.
Sami pulled his own gun.
Sami escaped soon after.
Sami passed a polygraph test.
Sami arranged to have Layla killed.
Sami was taking a morning surf.
Sami was able to bring Layla to safety.
Sami can't prove it.
Sami never condoned what Layla did.
Sami beat Layla.
Sami felt that knife right up against his neck.
Sami quit surfing after the incident.
Sami was back on his board six weeks later.
Sami was deer hunting in Alaska.
Sami stabbed the bear in the neck.
Sami knocked the sheep unconscious.
Sami shot the bear dead.
Sami was attacked by a cougar.
Sami tried to scare the cougar away.
Sami was torn to shreds by a cougar.
Sami was traveling around a national park in Kenya.
Sami lost energy.
Sami suddenly went blind and deaf.
Sami suffered excessive loss.
Sami lost his left arm.
Sami shot the bear.
Sami stumbled a grizzly bear and her two cubs.
Sami believed Layla was dying.
Sami began a 600 hundred miles journey to the nearest settlement.
Sami is an expert in the field of taxidermy.
Sami shot a leopard with a rifle.
Sami killed a leopard.
Sami and Layla's children fought like cats and dogs.
Sami and Layla had a dysfunctional relationship.
Sami helped organize a motorcycle group.
Sami pronounced his first name "Shami."
Sami loved his daughter.
Sami had a relationship that resulted in a child.
Sami has broken that commitment.
Sami made a commitment and he broke it.
Sami had a very important position.
Sami was a quality control specialist.
Sami was a divorced single parent.
Sami formed his own team.
Sami is over sixty.
Sami traveled alone.
Sami trained Layla's poneys.
Sami got off work rather late at night.
Sami worked at a convenience store.
Sami fell for one of those co-eds.
Sami is just a neighbor.
Sami has been at work all evening.
Sami was there for six days.
Sami assumed Layla was the daughter of a wealthy man.
Sami has never been able to describe his attacker.
Sami begged for mercy.
Sami was a family man.
Sami was moving to this area from Cairo.
Sami decided that he would be his own lawyer.
Sami should not mix business with pleasure.
Sami began his shift at 6 pm.
Sami returned to the Walmart.
Sami was leaving the parking lot.
Sami handed over all the tapes.
Sami earned quite a bit of money.
Sami was in his Walmart uniform.
Sami was walking towards his truck.
Sami shared his privileges with a charming young woman from Egypt, his wife Layla.
Sami got in his car but he didn't drive off.
Sami walked back towards the store.
Sami was without his uniform.
Sami purchased a few groceries.
Sami was spotted leaving the store for the second time.
Sami didn't just attract Layla. He attracted other women as well.
Sami was carrying a gym bag.
Sami's innocence remained in doubt.
Sami learned all about Layla's abduction.
Sami crossed that line.
Sami was in a downward spiral.
Sami scheduled another meeting with the police chief.
Sami maintains he's innocent.
Sami lived a charmed life.
Sami was a prominent plastic surgeon.
Sami was the apple of his mother's eye.
Sami and Layla were a perfect match building a fairy tale life.
Sami was over the moon.
Sami was addicted to drugs and facing divorce.
Sami told Layla to remove her belongings from his house.
Sami's body had no outward sign of visible trauma.
Sami's death was investigated as a homicide.
Sami glared at Layla.
Sami grabbed Layla by the throat.
Sami was a prominent Cairo plastic surgeon.
Sami was super-intelligent.
Sami kept the gun there for his protection.
Sami thought about following in Dad's footsteps at medical school.
Sami and Layla made a good couple.
Sami really grew to love Layla.
Sami showed police slices on his forearms.
Sami was there.
Humans have very large brains.
Hydrography is the science that measures and describes the physical features of bodies of water.
In 1807, President Thomas Jefferson signed a mandate ordering a survey of nation's coast.
Tom and Mary are Homo Sapiens.
Tom is a Homo Sapiens.
Lions are magnificent creatures.
Tom smirked.
Mary smirked.
Sami and Layla started dating nearly 16 years ago.
Sami started dating Layla.
Sami had a more difficult childhood.
Sami's parents divorced when he was a boy.
Sami's story didn't match Layla's version of events.
Sami had killed Layla and waited for hours before he called 911.
Sami and Layla were very, very close friends.
Sami turned Layla's body over and found a huge gaping wound in her chest.
Sami had business failures.
Sami was in bankruptcy when he proposed to Layla.
Sami quit law and started a debt collection business.
Sami started a new family.
Sami was covering things up.
Sami chopped off his father's penis with a kitchen knife.
Sami and Layla had an idyllic life.
Sami started having trouble with drugs.
Sami always had pills within easy reach.
Sami had pills everywhere.
Sami would drink that medication all the time.
Sami was menacing his family.
Sami shot Layla in cold blood while she ate breakfast.
Sami planted the knife in Farid's body to make the murder look like self-defense.
Sami is a narcotics addict.
Sami is a lunatic.
Sami sped at sixty miles an hour.
Sami was thrown in jail for evading arrest.
Sami is a person I love.
Sami went nuts.
Sami drove to every place he could to get help.
Sami wanted Layla to get better.
Sami never lost his temper in a football match.
Sami had enough.
Sami would never be able to answer that question.
Sami reluctantly gave the OK to end the marriage.
Sami scared Layla to death.
Sami was afraid for his life.
Sami scared the children to death.
Sami is going to hurt us.
Sami did not want to take custody of the kids.
Sami resumed his life in Egypt.
Sami didn't have to go to rehab.
Tom's apartment is infested with cockroaches.
Sami had a drinking problem for many years.
Sami will no longer pay for Layla's treatment.
Sami still mourns Layla's loss.
Sami told his attorney to move forward with the divorce.
Sami said horrible things.
Sami was born into a life of privilege.
Sami was a careless killer.
Sami was found naked in the closet.
Sami was hiding things.
Sami was not breathing.
Sami often slept in this room.
Sami is a local attorney.
Sami was searching for love on the Internet.
Sami opened the closet door and found Layla.
Sami threw a blanket over Layla's body.
Today, I'm going to get a plate of pad thai. Ten stars spicy!
Sami wanted Layla silenced.
Sami didn't touch Layla's body.
Sami closed the door on Layla.
Sami shouldn't be fooled.
Sami was dead.
Sami was not dead.
Sami was the last to talk to Layla.
Sami neglected the kids.
Sami isn't allowed on the premises anymore.
Sami took the kids.
Sami was bored and restless.
Sami often slept alone in that room.
Sami slept in the master suite.
Sami described a horrid scene.
Sami was nude.
Sami had a bruise under his right eye.
Sami was looking for love online.
Sami had a little bit of blood coming from his nostril.
Sami had marks all over his face.
Sami's bedroom became a crime scene.
Sami left a latex glove at the crime scene.
Sami was trying to erase his tracks.
Sami was staying at a condo.
Sami's condo is just five minutes away.
Sami has to leave right now.
Is there a rocket launch today?
Sami was found in the closet.
Sami used his bare hands to murder Layla.
Sami stood in front of the window.
Sami crawled in through this window.
Sami got out of the house.
Why is everyone on their phone?
Sami was out with a friend.
Sami and Layla were arguing.
Sami wanted to see her.
What a weird earth!
Sami called me and told me to come over.
Sami became worried about Layla.
Sami was kicked out of his dream house.
Sami was angry about that.
Mary's hairdresser is Dutch.
Sami didn't want to get Layla in trouble.
Sami left his house in disarray.
Sami left the children in the house.
Sami didn't know Layla was dead.
Sami didn't know that himself.
Everyone here is bilingual except Tom.
Sami was hiding something.
Sami was in the living room.
Sami found a grocery bag.
Sami put the grocery bag in the pantry.
Sami wore gloves.
Sami bought latex gloves the night of Layla's murder.
Tom's church builds orphanages in rural Mexico.
Sami continued to walk around.
Sami passed the cash register without paying for the gloves.
Sami was captured on camera stealing a box of latex gloves.
Tom wants to learn Spanish.
Sami shoplifted the latex gloves.
Sami tried to clean up the crime scene.
Sami used his bare hands to strangle his wife.
Sami was hit on the head.
Sami permitted the crime.
Sami couldn't do it.
Sami had a serious drug addiction.
Sami had a restraining order against Layla.
Sami probably did it.
Sami caught me off guard.
Sami quoted Layla as saying Farid did this.
Sami is his daughter's biggest defender.
Sami could not have done that.
Sami was in a drunken stupor.
Sami put a cord around Layla's neck and strangled her to death.
Mary was born in Australia, but is a Dutch citizen.
Sami could do amazing things when he was drunk.
Sami weighed 160 pounds.
Sami is strong enough to do that.
Sami was incarcerated.
Sami's attorney hired a forensic pathologist.
Tom is constantly learning.
Sami killed Layla's husband.
Sami never took the stand to tell his story to the jury.
Sami found his kids in the house alone.
Tom loves Mary more than the world.
Sami was in the bedroom.
Sami used drugs and was violent.
Sami knew both Layla and Farid.
Sami would certainly do that.
Sami didn't make that comment.
Sami wanted homosexual sex.
Sami wanted to destroy Layla's reputation.
Sami has been having inappropriate relationships with men and women.
Do you guys want to share a smoothie?
Sami was very frustrated.
Sami wasn't interested in that.
Sami saw a picture of the woman.
Sami cursed.
Sami drank six glasses of wine.
Sami didn't share custody of the children.
Sami couldn't have the kids.
Sami left in a hurry.
Sami took latex gloves from the shelf.
Sami made that phone call in jail.
Sami saw somebody else.
Sami wasn't a truthful person.
Sami Bakir is the medical examiner.
Sami used a cord to strangle Layla.
Sami was strong enough to do it.
Sami used a ligature to strangle Layla.
Sami discovered Layla's body.
Sami told a shocking tale.
Sami slammed the door.
Sami was actually there.
Sami started jumping.
Sami did not testify.
Sami was concerned that his father wasn't there.
Sami slept in that room.
Sami can't go in that bedroom.
Sami's pillow is in Layla's bedroom.
Sami testified about the incident.
Sami saw his father pushed his mother on the ground.
Sami and Layla have been arguing.
Sami met Layla only once at the bar.
Sami didn't know Layla or Farid.
Sami was so mad that he could kill Layla.
Sami took the baby from Layla.
Sami was a picture of Layla.
Sami's DNA was found on the glove.
Sami was wearing jeans.
Sami's jeans had Layla's blood on them.
Sami Bakir is Layla's defense attorney.
Sami was simply not capable physically or emotionally to strangle Layla.
Sami was asleep in bed.
Sami was in bed.
Sami passed out.
Sami was just asleep.
Sami was asthmatic.
Sami's fate was in the hands of the jury.
Sami testified on June 6, 2006.
Sami refused to testify.
Sami was just numb.
Sami missed his children terribly.
Sami had a clean record.
Sami became a very violent person.
Sami forgave Layla publicly.
They gossiped for hours on end.
If there's an earthquake, the stores will be looted.
Tom loves potato chips.
The squirrel is the guardian spirit of our tribe.
What did I just drink?
Have a good day, hon.
I don't.
Does that make it an issue?
I do too.
What is he writing?
Tom is a prospector.
Tom is a gold prospector.
Tell me the whole story and start from the beginning.
Let's forget I said anything.
Tom insisted we do this by the book.
Tom is a visual artist.
Mary is very inventive.
Tom leaned back and stretched his arms over his head.
He felt defeated.
Life has many twists and turns.
You've got a crush on her, don't you?
You've got a crush on him, don't you?
Tom works harder than anyone else.
Serve others first.
Forget your selfish ways.
Tom started the day with renewed vigor.
Do you like the opera?
Do you listen to classical?
She didn't want to say something she might regret.
Tom didn't want to say something he might regret.
They danced around the campfire.
"I don't know, Tom. What happens when you speak Esperanto in reverse?" said Mary.
The dogs were howling.
The blanket does not keep me warm.
We'll try another time.
There's a lot to learn.
My hay fever is kicking up.
Don't create dust!
Don't throw dirt clods!
Look at this pile of laundry.
What a mess.
It's not really practical.
It's this year's new model.
I don't like the styling.
Sami started believing in Jesus.
You never study.
Tom declined a full scholarship and went to study breakdancing in Brazil.
Tom used the money earned from breakdancing to buy a bank in Portugal.
Tom likes to un-shred his shredded wheat.
Tom got himself banned from every association and organization except the local breakdancers union #119.
Denmark is the happiest country in the world according to the United Nations World Happiness Report.
It generally sells at very low prices.
I will never leave you.
There are many charming old buildings in the city center.
He's a refusenik.
Tom can speak three languages.
He's stubborn.
Mary can speak three languages.
The candle went out.
The lovers walked arm-in-arm.
You started crying.
You used to draw.
I combed my hair.
I used to stutter.
Tom locked himself out of his own computer.
There could have been a serious accident on the stairs while you were carrying boiling-hot stew up them.
Put it under lock and key.
This is how accidents happen.
Another win.
It's too slow.
Chalk one up for the gipper.
OK, let's take a break.
Sorry to break up your powwow.
If only I had known.
He can't help but insult people.
I want one of those.
So you're one of those people.
You think you're so smart...
Hello, I'm highly dysfunctional.
Just the man I wanted to see.
He's a playwright.
Tom moved to Sweden and became a shipwright.
Your play is so wrong and disturbing.
Why do I write?
It's a one-sentence play called "Tatoeba."
During hayfever season, Mary's sentences were usually punctuated by sneezes.
Tom's mobile slaughterhouse was quickly shut down by the local authorities.
Tom usually calls at this time.
Tom texts Mary every evening.
Tom sometimes needs a day to recover from the work week.
It was a long week that no one deserved.
You have a lot of great ideas.
Do you write down your thoughts?
When do you stop thinking?
What percentage of your blood is caffeine?
They won't let me in.
They said they'd loan me the money.
We got the loan.
It's all said and down.
Now we party.
There's so much to do.
The work never ends.
Be careful with contractions.
Tom just became the new editor-in-chief.
It's mostly manual labor.
Tom has a strong back for manual labor.
Tom remodeled Mary's home.
What a blowhard.
There's a difference in the brands.
She'll pick it up at noon.
Is it too soon to swing by?
Why did you replant the front yard?
The grass is dying.
This shrub has to go.
The dog needs to be washed.
The dog really stinks.
Comb the dog if you want your allowance.
Everytime you curse, I'm taking a dollar out of your allowance.
There's no response from the moon base.
This is my mother's chicken soup recipe.
This tastes like something from the old country.
I cannot reenter the county.
I'm banned from the theater.
I'm a big deal around here.
What's on your playlist?
Good try.
Pick up your gym clothes.
I'm not allowed anymore.
Well, it's about time.
I can only take a short nap.
Why do you keep looking in your rear mirror?
Is there someone following me?
Did you find out who?
Why are you pestering me?
What would be the consequence of that action?
Is there nothing better to do?
You are a delinquent.
Well, that settles it.
You sound like a soap opera.
There's no law against it.
There is a law against it.
I just want peace in this house.
Don't leave us alone here.
Don't go to the mall without us.
The mall closed down for good.
That clothing store was ghastly.
I hope she likes this.
It's limitless what I can get away with.
Tom was severely beaten by his editor for ending a sentence with a preposition.
We're not taking charity cases.
They were beyond cruel.
Tom was early for church.
My daughter is still small.
Are you going with me to the cafe?
Mary drinks lemonade.
How is the tea?
Gee willikers!
Those who are governed by reason desire nothing for themselves which they do not also desire for the rest of humankind.
I live in the gray house down the street.
My dog makes eye contact when he poops.
He's dying of lung cancer.
Eat nuts and you'll live five years longer.
Trust in God and do the right thing.
Two years later we were married.
OK, let me know when you figure it out.
Why is this such a big deal?
Put it on the compost pile.
Let's stop and rest.
Don't fart so much.
Why not get some sleep?
We're not allowed to be mean anymore.
I'm not allowed to swear at my computer.
All of you are responsible.
This was a disaster.
We just squeaked by.
Let's drive to Vegas.
There's a lot of gossip about her lately.
He's a prophet.
Throw out everything you know.
Tom fixed the circuit breaker.
I chose to do that.
Tom was a good loser.
What shall I bring?
Tom was a normal kid.
Here's how I see it.
Tom was a scrawny kid.
I can't stop crying.
I asked Tom about Mary.
I strongly disagree.
Tom seemed a bit crazy.
Run that by me again.
Tom was a close friend.
We're all behind you.
Tom was a good student.
Tom was unable to walk.
Can this be eaten raw?
Tom was a good listener.
Come sit here with me.
Tom was unable to do it.
I can do that as well.
I asked Tom who did that.
This fork isn't clean.
Tom is extremely selfish.
Come on! You can do it!
Tom tried to ignore Mary.
I always do that alone.
Tom was a terrible coach.
I can probably do that.
I asked Tom about his job.
I chose not to do that.
Tom seemed a bit confused.
I continued doing that.
Tom was busy and so was I.
Please come again soon.
Tom was unable to do this.
How did you manage this?
I asked Tom for his number.
I accidentally did that.
I asked Tom for some money.
I can do that on my own.
I asked Tom if he did that.
I have a discount coupon.
Tom was happy and so was I.
Is it OK to eat this raw?
Tom was tired and so was I.
Let's do this again soon.
I asked Tom how he did that.
The night's still young.
I asked Tom if he'd do that.
Are you sure that's right?
I begged Tom not to do that.
I can do that fairly well.
Tom was a member of my crew.
I can do that pretty well.
Tom was hungry and so was I.
Maybe we should forget it.
Tom was sleepy and so was I.
Could you please stop that.
Tom was trying to scare you.
Either way is fine with me.
Tom was trying to trick you.
I admitted that I did that.
Tom was unable to buy a car.
I asked if I could do that.
I asked Tom about his mother.
I came close to doing that.
I asked Tom how I could help.
I'm having a senior moment.
I asked Tom when he did that.
That's still up in the air.
Is that really what Tom said?
You can do that if you try.
Tom seemed a bit disoriented.
Could you check this for me?
Tom was a little moody today.
Do you really have to leave?
Tom was a member of our club.
Excuse me for just a minute.
How long will you be at Tom's?
I actually tried to do that.
I asked Tom about his new job.
I already intend to do that.
I asked Tom if he'd done that.
I asked if I had to do that.
I asked Tom where he did that.
I can do that by myself now.
I bet Tom he couldn't do that.
I can now do that by myself.
I've convinced Tom to do that.
I have a blister on my foot.
Tom tried to make that happen.
I hear you're very talented.
Tom was a member of our group.
I wonder what we have to do.
Tom was a member of the choir.
I wonder what we need to do.
I asked Tom if I could do that.
You should ask someone else.
I asked Tom to do that quickly.
Can you stay a little longer?
I asked Tom to do that quietly.
I apparently have to do that.
I asked Tom to stop doing that.
I apparently need to do that.
I asked Tom why he'd done that.
I barely had time to do that.
I assured Tom that I'd do that.
I could force you to do that.
Tom tried to do that yesterday.
I need someone to go with me.
Tom tried to get Mary to leave.
I only do that in the summer.
Tom was a close friend of mine.
I think you misunderstood me.
Tom was unable to speak French.
I wonder what we ought to do.
I asked Tom how much he weighed.
It's not worth talking about.
I asked Tom if I could kiss him.
Let's go get a cup of coffee.
I asked Tom if he could do that.
How can you be so insensitive?
I asked Tom not to do that here.
How hard can it be to do that?
I asked Tom what the matter was.
How long do you want to sleep?
I can help Tom do that, I think.
I asked Tom why he had to do that.
Tom tried to do the right thing.
I began doing that last month.
Tom was a lifeguard last summer.
I could easily have done that.
I asked Tom for a glass of water.
I tried to do the right thing.
I asked Tom how many guns he had.
I asked Tom how many guns he owned.
Things will never be the same.
Things will never be the same around here after Tom leaves.
I asked Tom not to do that again.
What're we supposed to do now?
I asked Tom to help Mary do that.
Can you tell me how to do that?
I apparently needed to do that.
I wonder how much money Tom owes.
I asked if I needed to do that.
Tom thinks of no one but himself.
I can do that for you, I think.
Tom was a close friend of Mary's.
I could be fired if I did that.
I asked Tom a couple of questions.
I hear you're a good violinist.
I asked Tom if he'd ever done that.
I wish this had never happened.
I asked Tom when I should do that.
I wonder what needs to be done.
I begged Tom to do that carefully.
I'm not the best person to ask.
I think I forgot to tell Tom that.
That's not what I meant at all.
Tom has the best job in the world.
This is something I believe in.
Tom was a college student in 2013.
You might want to rethink that.
Tom was a member of the committee.
How can I ever thank you enough?
I asked Tom all sorts of questions.
How long will you be doing that?
I agreed that we should do that.
I asked Tom not to do that anymore.
I can help you do that, I think.
I asked if Tom had to do that, too.
I can still do that fairly well.
I can still do that pretty well.
I've asked Tom not to do that here.
I wonder what's going to happen.
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that.
I'm looking for a full-time job.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that.
I've had it up to here with you.
I asked Tom why he hadn't done that.
What on earth were you thinking?
I asked Tom why he wouldn't do that.
You apparently enjoy doing that.
I've asked Tom not to do that again.
Do you know where I can get help?
Tom was a junior at Harvard in 2013.
I actually tried to do that once.
I asked Tom how he liked his new job.
I admitted that I didn't do that.
I asked Tom if I could see him again.
I apparently made a few mistakes.
I asked Tom if he'd agree to do that.
I apparently should've done that.
I asked Tom not to do that at school.
I could try doing that by myself.
I asked Tom why he wanted to do that.
I don't think that's quite right.
I assured Tom that I could do that.
I assured Tom I could do that.
I'm a colleague of Tom's.
That woman over there is my mother.
That short woman over there is my mother.
Do you know why Tom is laughing?
Hold on! I'm coming!
Our train leaves at 2:30.
Go placidly amid the noise and haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.
Sami knows more than he is saying.
Sami has an anger management problem.
Sami was suspended from school.
Sami runs a website.
Sami's house erupted in flames.
Sami posted some videos on Youtube.
Sami was told there was a fire at the church.
Sami regularly posts videos on Youtube.
Sami was a member of the congregation.
Sami subscribed to Layla's Youtube channel.
Sami's house was burning very fiercely.
Sami wanted to learn how to control his anger.
Sami was thinking.
Sami was nowhere to be found.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is.
Sami made an alarming discovery.
Sami lost control.
Sami deliberately caused this fire.
Sami has got to see this.
Sami hurt Layla.
Sami opened the two doors.
Sami doesn't look like a person who has never been angry.
Sami always wants to be right in all situations.
Sami said he was open to learning.
Sami is defending himself to the end.
Sami disagreed with Layla's ideas.
Sami got really upset.
Sami was waiting in the attic.
Sami wanted to tell Layla about that.
Sami has taken things personally.
Sami started to take that personally.
Sami just lashed out.
Sami has been saying mean things.
Sami should learn to not take things personally.
Sami can control his anger.
Sami wanted to have things go his way.
Sami became attached to those views.
Sami wanted to handle his anger.
Sami wanted things to go his way.
Sami went to great lengths to desecrate Layla's body.
Sami snapped at Layla.
Sami was hungry.
Sami was overly tired.
Sami considered Farid his friend.
Sami was arguing with Layla.
Sami used Layla's body for some dark ritual.
Sami was stressed out.
Sami was stressed.
Sami was not aware of that.
Sami felt agitated.
Sami was upset about that.
Sami set the church on fire.
Sami killed another innocent person.
Sami snapped at his wife.
Sami got on his motorcycle and drove away.
Sami has been leading this small Pentacostal church for 16 years.
Sami has written about this a lot on his blog.
Sami is very well respected and beloved in the congregation.
Sami seemed to have no known enemies.
Sami and Layla were both overly tired.
Sami and Layla kept fighting.
Sami killed Layla and left her decapitated body inside her own apartment.
Sami tried many paths before he decided to serve God.
Sami had a college degree.
Sami decided to follow in the footsteps of his father.
Sami joined the church.
Sami expressed that accurately.
Sami's father put him down a lot.
Sami worked very hard to earn his father's respect.
Sami became bishop.
Sami learned to express himself.
Sami expected to take over his father's job.
Sami still practises it.
Sami doubled Layla's salary.
Sami felt really anxious.
Sami praised Jesus.
Sami seemed to really love and care about the members of his congregation.
Sami felt a little agitated.
Sami ended up getting Parkinson's.
Sami lost his confidence.
Sami was lost and confused.
Sami will deal with that.
Sami picked Layla up from college.
Sami and Layla went fishing.
Sami tried that.
Sami is going to post videos more regularly.
Sami needs to be easy on himself.
Sami and Layla have been married for six years.
Sami is an anger management specialist.
Sami subscribed to the channel.
Sami hit "like" on Layla's video.
Sami didn't graduate high school.
Sami turned to the bottle to ease his pain.
Sami didn't finish high school.
Sami yells at Layla.
Sami needs to calm down.
Sami realized that Layla didn't love him.
Sami left Layla because of her alcoholism.
Sami drank even heavier.
Sami really looked bad.
Sami and Layla were both angry.
Sami shouldn't be angry.
Sami called the pastor.
Sami struggled with the loss of his mother.
Sami prayed for Layla.
Sami was thinking about Layla.
Sami has a right to be angry.
Sami has a right to feel angry.
Sami acknowledged that.
Sami wanted to put Layla back on her feet.
Sami gave Layla a job at the church.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans. Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
Sami was so excited.
Sami was feeling good about himself.
Sami was doing something.
Sami's rehabilitation requires more hard work.
Sami decided to turn his life around.
Sami and Layla raised that child together.
Sami got his GED.
Sami shouldn't take it personally.
Sami borrowed sixty bucks.
Sami is a violent offender.
Sami just screamed.
Sami paid Layla back.
Sami was thinking the same thing.
Sami also spent time with Layla outside of the church.
Sami learned that.
Sami called Layla and let her know that he was going fishing.
Sami's anger is not about you.
Sami's faith was shaken.
Sami's world stopped turning.
Sami has nothing to do with that person.
Sami's decapitated body was discovered inside Layla's apartment.
Sami was hurt.
Sami wanted to express his pain.
Sami left school on a motorcycle.
Sami is expressing his pain.
Sami is just expressing his pain.
Sami was angry.
Sami has got a lot of stuff to get off his chest.
Sami thought about that.
Sami committed these atrocities.
Sami and Layla have been together for 16 years.
Sami talked about that.
Sami and Layla's relationship was long, happy, and successful.
Sami got drunk.
Sami suggested that.
Sami tried to escape.
Sami and Layla dated for six years.
Sami loved Layla too much.
Sami's revelation turned the investigation on its head.
Sami didn't find Layla interesting.
Sami didn't expect Layla to do that.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel the same way.
Sami read new things.
Sami talked about his big dreams.
Sami talked about his aspirations for life.
Sami will always have those dreams.
Sami took a look at the file.
Sami wanted to find a new partner.
Sami has been treated for a chest disease.
Sami isn't doing that.
Sami and Layla had different careers.
Sami and Layla were both evolving.
Sami got higher education.
Sami agreed with most things.
Sami is gonna do everything he can.
Sami took Layla out somewhere.
Sami and Layla are both evolving.
Sami testified in the murder case.
Sami was doing it.
Sami didn't feel valued enough.
Sami went to work today.
Sami really needed that.
Sami received a phone call at 6 pm.
Sami was seen fleeing Layla's house.
Sami made every meal today.
Sami didn't feel appreciated.
Sami died in a hunting accident.
Sami was connected to the disappearance of Layla Bakir.
Sami did an amazing job.
Sami recognized Layla's voice.
Sami waited for Layla.
Sami told Layla what he did.
Sami was explaining that.
Sami doesn't feel appreciated.
Sami is working really hard.
Sami is the sole provider for the family.
Sami was brutally murdered.
Sami vanished only to resurface a few days later with an attorney at his side.
Sami went to work.
Sami was described as a beloved pastor by his congregation.
Sami vanished soon after.
Sami didn't get the answers he was looking for.
Sami's silence shocked the police.
Sami asked Layla direct questions.
Exercise caution in your business affairs; for the world is full of trickery. But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals; and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Sami felt that way.
Sami didn't incriminate himself.
Sami expressed that.
Sami walked away.
Sami kept track of what he was doing.
Sami doesn't agree with Layla.
Sami isn't believing Layla.
Sami would never sit here.
Sami's family rejoiced that he had been found alive.
Sami wanted to share this with Layla.
Sami didn't believe that Layla was really to blame for Farid's death.
Sami did scientific studies on this.
Sami's car was blue.
Sami spent the whole evening with Layla.
Sami wanted to spend his evening with Layla.
Sami and Layla spend twenty minutes with each other every day.
Sami spent the money on alcohol.
Sami might be right.
Sami was trying to help Layla.
Sami said that genuinely.
Sami will tell you.
Sami was in a relationship with someone.
Sami and Layla danced together.
Sami hates doing videos.
Sami has finally said yes.
Sami is looking down here while the camera is up there.
Sami was looking at the camera.
Sami said hello to everybody.
Sami faxed Layla the photograph.
Sami identified Layla Bakir.
Sami created an alias.
Sami focused on that.
Sami wanted to change his name.
Sami is a selfish person.
Sami's promotion never came.
Sami did so well at school that he was able to skip two grades.
Sami played his part.
Sami attended a segregated school.
Sami graduated from the seminary, the top of his class.
Sami fell into a deep depression.
Sami studied for his doctorate.
Sami received his PhD when he was only 26 years old.
Sami started embezzling money.
Sami was arrested and spent the night in jail.
Sami was afraid of getting caught.
Sami wanted to get away.
Sami is a death row inmate.
Sami started a new life.
Sami became another person.
Sami is a brave man.
Sami was convicted of killing a jeweler.
Sami learned to read and write in prison.
Sami hid the van in the woods and covered it with branches.
Sami hid his car in a grove of trees.
Sami tried to outsmart the guards.
Sami applied for a social security card.
Sami's freedom is over.
Sami was riding that motorbike.
Sami bought a motorcycle.
Sami's stolen car was low on gas.
Sami wanted to turn himself in.
Sami's old life remained a problem.
Sami became lost and confused.
Sami was tired of being on the run.
Sami told the dispatcher was unarmed.
Sami asked to be picked up.
Sami was ready to turn himself in.
Sami heard a lot of screaming.
Sami was led away in handcuffs.
Sami was led to the death chamber.
Sami killed Layla and set her house on fire to cover it up.
Sami couldn't afford an attorney.
Sami worked at a topless bar.
Sami fled to Egypt to avoid arrest.
Sami agreed to go.
Sami's family was distraught.
Sami was hitchhiking across the country.
Sami pled guilty.
Sami wanted to hear that out of Layla's own mouth.
Sami died in a terrible tragic way.
Sami selected Layla to be the scapegoat.
Sami trusted Layla absolutely.
Sami felt angry.
Sami felt he was superior to Layla.
Sami paid so much attention to Layla.
Sami gave Layla attention.
Sami is a normal person.
Sami doesn't want to be here.
Sami was the victim.
Sami got up before dawn.
Sami was born with spina bifida. He was paralyzed from the waist down.
Sami became a vegetable on a life support system.
Sami had a chance to get his life back on track.
Sami is ready to start a new life.
Sami set up a plan to kill Layla.
Sami needs to stop by his office, first.
Sami asked Layla to help him get a few things down from the attic.
Sami asked Layla to help him and she of course obliged.
Sami's plan bordered on insanity.
Sami couldn't lift that box.
Sami was desperate enough to try that.
Sami and Layla were ready for action.
Sami just turned and walked away.
Sami was back at work.
Sami moved slow.
Sami undressed Layla's body.
Sami moved slowly.
Sami started sawing the bar.
Sami has to find us a car.
Sami's kitchen was loaded with food.
Sami's body was IDed.
Sami spent a week sleeping in the bug-infested woods.
Sami waited.
Sami needed that car.
Sami took our car.
Sami took all the guns.
Sami left Egypt.
Sami is an escapee.
Be yourself. Especially, do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is perennial as the grass.
Sami noticed Layla's tattoo.
Sami is a dangerous armed robber.
Sami flushed Layla's pictures down the toilet.
Sami wanted to know everything about who those guys were.
Sami will be interviewed immediately.
Sami perished in terrible circumstances.
Sami made a mistake.
Sami doused Layla's apartment with gasoline.
Sami headed north.
Sami was speeding.
Sami splashed gasoline around Layla's house.
Sami handed Layla a shotgun.
Sami pulled out his gun.
Sami's heart was pounding.
Sami took that seriously.
Sami has been missing for a very long time.
Sami waited until the next day.
Sami's house was destroyed by a fire.
Sami was doing a project for school.
Sami committed a murder in a church.
Sami and Layla were very close.
Sami was upset with Layla.
Sami grew up thinking his dead was a murderer.
Sami wanted to buy Layla clothes.
Sami was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
Sami apologized for what he had done.
Sami felt relieved.
Sami didn't have clothes in his wardrobe.
Sami bought a jar of gherkins.
Sami is going somewhere else.
Sami is a very soft-hearted person.
Sami cries so easily.
Sami was freed from Guantanamo.
Sami had six Rolexes.
Sami slipped outside for a cigarette.
Sami was staying with Layla.
Sami had an eye for design.
Sami had a head for business.
Sami and Layla's partnership came to an explosive end.
Sami admitted pulling the trigger.
Sami started moving.
Sami recorded those moments.
Sami didn't drink at all.
Sami was drinking a lot.
Sami said he was drinking a lot to keep himself running.
Sami threw things.
Sami went ballistic.
Sami tried to bring Layla back from the brink, but there was little he could do.
Sami made the comment.
Sami's appearance started to change.
Sami broke the news to Layla's family.
Sami was very active in church.
Sami liked helping Dad.
Sami has been having an affair with a woman at work.
Sami and Layla appeared a very happy couple.
Sami's affair wasn't as secret as he thought.
Sami was having an affair with someone at work.
Sami knew Layla was having an affair and confronted her about it.
Sami won't turn the other cheek this time.
Sami became desperate.
Sami parked his car in the driveway.
Sami was attacked from behind by Layla.
Sami lingered for a few hours before eventually dying at the hospital.
Sami falls into that category of people.
Sami moved six hours away from where he worked.
Sami has lived there for quite a few years.
Sami helped his friends out.
Sami had to work a night shift.
Sami couldn't care for himself.
Sami suspected Layla was possibly having an extra-marital affair in Cairo.
Sami was very friendly guy.
Sami was very suspicious about Layla.
Sami had a good salary insofar as being a policeman.
Sami was painting the bedroom.
Sami visited a counselor.
Sami's body was examined by the coroner, then it was turned over to a funeral home.
Sami's life changed for ever.
Sami was born in Egypt and grew up in Toronto, Ontario.
Sami always wore rings.
Sami was a lot of fun to be around.
Sami graduated high school.
Sami went in.
Sami is the exact opposite of Layla.
Sami can't resist Layla's charms.
Sami offered Layla a life she wanted.
Sami and Layla decided to divorce.
Sami decided to move back home to Egypt.
Sami wanted custody of his kids on certain holidays.
Sami will be the getaway driver.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune. But do not distress yourself with imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Sami gave himself the perfect alibi.
Sami was the easy target.
Sami fired right into Layla's head.
Sami wasn't crying at all.
Sami knew Layla was not in danger.
Sami ran the only convenience store in the area.
Sami is gonna be spending most of his life in prison.
Sami is exactly where he belongs.
Sami underwent a heart procedure.
Sami accomplished a tremendous amount in his life.
Sami and Layla embarked on a new life.
Sami gave Layla an icy reception.
Sami faced some grave challenges.
Sami isn't supposed to do that.
Sami was full of life.
Sami cautioned Layla to stay away from Farid.
Sami started hitting Layla in the face.
Sami told people he was scared for his life.
Sami offered to lend a hand.
Sami started getting more violent.
Sami has nowhere to go.
Sami wanted Layla to move out.
Sami moved in with a friend of his.
Sami begged Layla for a place to stay.
Sami planned to return to Cairo to live with his family.
Sami will regret this.
Sami's kindness won't be repaid.
Sami became more demanding.
Sami was looking for love.
Sami had an alcohol problem.
Sami took Layla out for a farewell dinner.
Sami was unruly.
Sami was cursing out.
Sami was depressed.
Sami was on his back and Layla was on top of him.
Sami realized that wasn't the life he wanted.
Sami's anxiety put more stress on his family.
Sami deserted his entire family.
Sami had no emotional bond with his children.
Sami and Layla were delighted to see each other after so long.
Sami wasn't enjoying himself.
Sami lived to be 96 old.
Sami has gotten so used to being waited on.
Sami and Layla would always argue.
Sami stole Layla's painkillers.
Sami had tattoos all over him.
Sami used to hurt himself.
Sami used to cut himself.
Sami spoke to Layla about that.
Sami's care has became too much for Layla to handle on her own.
Sami is gonna make this work.
Sami was starting to feel stifled.
Sami won't leave Layla alone.
Sami was also up early.
Sami left early.
Sami hired another maid.
Sami locked himself in his room.
Sami realized pretty quickly what was going on.
Sami highjacked a car from an elderly man.
Sami knows who this man is.
Sami was in total shock.
Sami fired his maid.
Sami is a country boy.
Sami needs to figure out how this machine works.
Sami was serving a sentence of 26 to life.
Sami has been terminated from his employment.
Sami shot a taxi driver in the face.
Sami told Farid about his escape plan.
Sami was the brains of the operation.
Sami was being fleeced by his personal caregiver.
Sami painted the Christmas decorations in the prison.
Sami pulled out the screws.
Sami started making some progress.
Sami celebrated Christmas with his family.
Sami was working his ass off and seemed to get nowhere.
Sami tossed the screwdriver in the garbage can.
Sami's birthday was approaching.
Sami was under constant pressure.
Sami learned this in prison.
Sami's cell was searched.
Sami got on pretty well with the prison guards.
Sami wanted his life back.
Sami was in serious pain.
Sami was an extreme risk to the public.
Sami raped a woman who was eight months pregnant.
Sami is an extremely dangerous criminal.
Sami met Layla at his mother's house.
Sami is going back to prison.
Sami thinks Farid is a hero for what he did.
Sami considers himself a failure.
Sami's prayers were answered.
Sami was called the "Gentleman Robber."
Sami blew all the money on partying.
Sami should get used to this.
Sami was living the fast life.
Sami was stuck in his world of partying and gambling.
Sami was making another call.
Sami was thrilled.
Sami needs to learn some respect.
Sami was still looking at me.
Sami generously offered to take Layla in.
Sami needed to get out.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul.
Sami had to go.
Sami is a highly trained correctional officer.
Sami had to be prepared to take risks.
Sami ran at least six times a week.
Sami got a pair of wire cutters.
Sami escaped from custody.
Sami was very articulate.
Sami was very keen.
Sami was very watchful.
Sami was accepted.
Sami was a model prisoner.
Sami was a trusted inmate.
Sami was there to load the furniture.
Sami hid in the back of the truck.
Sami is in solitary.
Sami put his arm through the door and turned the handle to open it.
Sami needed a cellphone.
Sami escaped.
Sami started flirting with a female employee in the prison.
Sami heard the truck driver open and shut his door.
Sami heard me.
Sami had to get that done.
Sami pushed his arm further inside the hole.
Sami was locked in a box.
Sami called a friend to pick him up.
Sami wished Layla a happy birthday.
Sami knew it wasn't true.
Sami was assigned to the Cairo office.
Sami went on the run.
Sami quickly ran out of places to hide and he was eventually captured by the police.
Sami came to the bar to eat breakfast.
Sami had scary eyes.
Sami has previously had a heart attack.
Sami came out of the bathroom.
Sami's medication started to take effect.
Sami knew exactly what to do.
Sami seemed normal at first.
Sami broke open every slot machine in the bar and stole the money.
Sami was staying at the hotel with a woman by the name of Layla Bakir.
Sami was so sexy.
Sami was a very attractive man.
Sami didn't want Layla to watch the news at all.
Sami was watching porn.
Sami still likes to manage everything at home.
Sami wanted to meet Layla in person.
Sami called 911 and left the line open.
Sami would joke with you but he's serious at the same time.
Sami's suitcase was x-rayed.
Sami threw Layla's books away.
Sami threw up on his bed.
Sami took all the soap with him.
Sami had some time.
Sami thought Layla was using the toilet.
Sami got the window open.
Sami's dog broke its chain.
Sami and Layla were Christians coming back from a mission.
Sami attended to Layla's last wishes.
Sami and Layla were from Egypt.
Sami had skills to offer.
Sami was a convicted killer.
Sami could move freely around the prison.
Sami hit Layla with a hammer.
Sami started the count in his head.
Sami was out of time.
Sami refused to do anything about it.
Sami locked the door up again.
Sami got out.
Sami reads and writes a lot.
Sami's plan was already dead.
Sami saw something moving in the dark.
Sami opened the letter.
Sami's father was an Egyptian.
Sami is being held by the Egyptian intelligence services.
Sami's behavior started to infuriate Layla.
Sami defected from ISIS.
Sami was medicated.
Sami became disillusioned with jihad.
Sami headed straight to the police.
Sami helped Layla join ISIS.
Sami was detained twice.
Sami left Egypt in June, 2006.
Sami wanted to go back to Egypt.
Sami was a prisoner of the Kurds.
Sami's body was cremated.
Sami met a girl in Egypt.
Sami made all the arrangements for Layla to join ISIS.
Sami was seduced by the videos posted by ISIS online.
Sami was learning about Islam.
Sami was a little vague on that point.
Sami made a decision to go to Egypt.
Sami abused drugs.
Sami arrived safely on the Egyptian border.
Sami found himself in custody and in deep trouble.
Sami is being interviewed by the FBI.
Sami is part of Layla's life.
Sami was overmedicated.
Sami has been having a lover.
Sami began his own investigation.
Sami's vision was severely impaired.
Sami was torn between grief and anger.
Sami's bank accounts have been emptied.
Sami has changed his ways.
Sami has done his time in jail.
Sami never said anything that indicated that he was involved.
Sami said hello as he always does.
Sami was being uncooperative.
Sami's story raised some red flags.
Sami wanted to know who might have abducted Layla.
Sami was hoarding drugs.
Sami talked about his home life.
Sami wanted to talk about his family life.
Sami was convinced Layla did not die from natural causes.
Sami could need some help.
Sami abducted Layla and kept her as a sex slave.
Sami held that back.
Sami was pressed for a confession.
Sami dismissed his caregiver.
Sami's interrogation ended immediately.
Sami was waiting for Layla to trip up.
Sami wasn't very mobile and he couldn't get out by himself.
Sami wanted to vindicate himself.
Sami asked for an attorney.
Sami was watching the interrogation on monitors.
Sami intentionally misinformed Layla.
Sami was suspected of abducting those two girls.
Sami was very cooperative.
Sami gave Layla a rope to hang herself.
Sami denied everything.
Sami portrayed himself as a loving husband.
Sami knew exactly what it was.
Sami was potentially involved in Layla's death.
Sami needs to make a decision.
Sami and Layla had an argument over that.
Sami is still waiting execution at Bakir Prison.
Sami's daughter was arrested for prostitution.
Sami continued to talk to Layla.
Sami was no angel.
Sami's ring finally turned up.
Sami concealed his identity.
Sami's dog gave birth to a litter of pups.
Sami emptied the poisonous capsules into Layla's drink.
Sami crushed the poisonous pills and dissolved them into juice.
Sami and Layla met through a dating website.
Sami served Layla some juice.
Sami met Layla through an online dating service.
Sami's country is close to Egypt.
Sami accepted Layla's Facebook request.
Sami messaged Layla.
Sami and Layla became Facebook friends.
Sami went to the Bible club.
Sami started messaging Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he was thinking about her.
Sami constantly wanted to talk to Layla.
Sami has been sending Layla Facebook messages.
Sami was tracking Layla on Facebook.
Sami considered a big decision.
Sami started to learn the American ways.
Sami and Layla were exchanging tender moments in public.
Sami's tires were slashed.
Sami's tires were all slashed.
Sami didn't want to have his life defined by the people menacing him.
Sami decided he was going to end Layla's life.
Sami is still the love of my life.
Sami has family in Cairo.
Sami was put on trial for the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami did not do anything that caused Layla's death.
Sami and Layla were both naked from the waste down.
Sami was having sex with Layla.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world. Be careful. Strive to be happy.
"Mary, history says that the Roman Empire had bread and circuses for the masses, but really it was a vast conspiracy by the Roman oligarchy to change the very structure of Latin itself. By using a method of 'pronounic decoupling', the implicit mechanisms of Latin were disengaged and its speakers were hardly ever able to understand each other. And that's why I got drunk last night," said Tom.
You will eat your bananas.
"Mary, I invoke my Jus Latii rights which means I don't have to do dishes tonight because of my Roman citizenship equivalency," said Tom. "What century do you think this is?" asked Mary. "And also stop drinking and do the dishes"
He seemed lost in thought.
She seemed lost in thought.
Tom caught up to me after class.
We live in a beautiful city.
Everyone wants to be right.
Everyone can't always be right all the time.
He remained thoughtful for a long time, trying to find a solution to the problem.
She entered the place with wild gesticulations, feeling as the queen of the party.
Women are, indeed, more talkative than men; they spend the whole day speaking about anything.
Carbonated beverages oftentimes have a high caloric content.
The continuous flow of water forms thalwegs in the lower parts of the valleys.
He hung two rattles on the cat.
The hussars are Hungarian cavalrymen.
The new political parties are rally lovers and populists, but not at all democratic.
If you had to choose a moment in time to be born, any time in human history, and you didn't know ahead of time what nationality you were or what gender or what your economic status might be, you'd choose today.
The old cobbles in the streets have gradually been substituted by asphalt in all cities.
My triceps get stronger with regular exercise in the gym.
The trajectory of our history over the last 50, 100 years has been remarkable.
She cleans the house endlessly, thus keeping it immaculate.
Today, dangerous forces do threaten to pull the world backward, and our progress is not inevitable.
Yes, European unity can require frustrating compromise. It adds layers of government that can slow decision-making. I understand. I've been in meetings with the European Commission.
You may argue over whose football clubs are better, vote for different singers on Eurovision. But your accomplishment -- more than 500 million people speaking 24 languages in 28 countries, 19 with a common currency, in one European Union -- remains one of the greatest political and economic achievements of modern times.
Europe, in the 20th century, was at constant war. People starved on this continent. Families were separated on this continent. And now people desperately want to come here precisely because of what you've created. You can't take that for granted.
A strong, united Europe is a necessity for the world because an integrated Europe remains vital to our international order.
Europe helps to uphold the norms and rules that can maintain peace and promote prosperity around the world.
We need to close loopholes that allow corporations and wealthy individuals to avoid paying their fair share of taxes through tax havens and tax avoidance, trillions of dollars that could be going towards pressing needs like education and health care and infrastructure.
We have to constantly work to make sure government is not a collection of distant, detached institutions, but is connected and responsive to the everyday concerns of our people.
Yes, these are unsettling times. And when the future is uncertain, there seems to be an instinct in our human nature to withdraw to the perceived comfort and security of our own tribe, our own sect, our own nationality, people who look like us, sound like us. But in today's world, more than any time in human history, that is a false comfort. It pits people against one another because of what they look or how they pray or who they love. And yet, we know where that kind of twisted thinking can lead. It can lead to oppression. It can lead to segregation and internment camps.
So I say to you, the people of Europe, don't forget who you are. You are the heirs to a struggle for freedom. You're the Germans, the French, the Dutch, the Belgians, the Luxembourgers, the Italians -- and yes, the British -- who rose above old divisions and put Europe on the path to union.
I have to admit that I have developed a special place in my heart for the German people.
My only regret is that I have never been to Germany for Oktoberfest.
We are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history.
Your clothes won't just wash themselves.
Time heals all wounds.
Always predict the worst and you'll be hailed as a prophet.
Lighten up a bit.
"Mary, what is so magical about the number twelve?" said Tom.
Sami cut Layla's head off to make it impossible to identify her.
Sami hired a private detective.
Sami concealed his crime.
Sami was acquitted of murder.
Sami was given a life sentence.
Sami allowed himself little luxuries.
Sami's privileges were curtailed.
Sami's wealth was booming.
Sami earned a substantial amount of money.
Sami was released in 1996.
Sami bought a mansion.
Sami began an anonymous new life in another country.
Sami got an e-mail from a person who read his column in the newspaper.
Sami went to Egypt to live with Layla.
Sami went to Egypt to live with Layla.
Sami went to Egypt to live with Layla.
Sami went to Egypt to live with Layla.
Sami's mask slipped.
Sami survived the crash.
Sami was addicted to wealth.
Sami seemed to have it all.
Sami was spending money.
Sami didn't want to be seen.
Sami loved the limousine lifestyle of the mega-rich.
Sami was adopted by a wealthy businessman.
Sami couldn't afford that.
Sami was certain he knew who was responsible for Layla's death.
Sami exited the underground parking lot.
Sami saw a man prowling the parking lot.
In the equal temperament, octaves are divided into twelve semi-tones.
"Mary, I put a curse on your burrito," said Tom. "OK. This cross of hot sauce protects," said Mary.
Sami lives in that area.
Sami plunged to his death.
Sami jumped out of the truck at the very last second.
Sami removed the bolts.
Sami was not injured.
Sami escaped with barely a stratch.
Sami crashed through the guardrail.
Sami's car was tumbling while he was still inside.
Sami was braking but the brakes didn't work.
Sami should slow down.
Sami and Layla decided to take a romantic drive on the side of the mountain.
Sami picked Layla up at the airport.
Sami threw away his lucrative career as a doctor to work as a taxi driver.
Sami was rolling in money.
Sami was from an Arab family and he spoke Arabic.
Sami wanted to change careers.
Sami became a tour guide.
Sami wasn't driven by money.
Sami received a big bonus.
Sami owns hundreds of acres of land south of Cairo.
Sami worked at a couple of different hospitals.
Sami looked at the picture.
Sami was flaunting his wealth.
Sami doesn't know what happened to Layla.
Sami went over the cliff.
Sami left his entire fortune to charity.
Sami read Layla's will.
Sami arranged Layla's murder.
Sami received life in prison.
Sami pled guilty to murder.
Sami was found guilty of murder in the first degree.
Sami's truck exploded into flames.
Sami made sure his plan was properly executed.
Sami supplied Layla's killers with all of the logistics.
Sami wants the job done this time.
Sami wanted Layla murdered.
Sami abandoned Layla to her fate.
Sami clung to a branch.
Sami called 911 from his cellphone.
Sami still maintains Layla's death was a tragic accident.
Sami put his diabolical plan into action.
Sami spent more time with Layla.
Sami wanted to improve his marriage.
Sami needed Layla to do that.
Sami dressed in thick clothes to protect himself from the cold.
Sami hired people to murder Layla.
Sami could stand it no longer.
Sami's overwhelming greed destroyed Layla's life.
Sami was adopted.
Sami believed charity should begin and end at his home.
Sami seethed with rage.
Sami seemed to be losing money head over fist.
Sami sacrificed his loving wife on the altar of greed.
Sami began to run into financial problems.
Sami gave Layla millions of dollars.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami checked his e-mail.
Sami was smuggling drugs into the country.
Sami refused to believe it.
Sami didn't pull the trigger, but he was involved.
Sami assumed that one day, he would take over his father's company.
Sami is standing there.
Sami wanted to set an example.
Sami could hardly believe it.
Sami and Layla discussed Farid's murder.
Sami's phones were wiretapped.
Sami was paid by the Russian maffia to gun down Layla's husband.
Sami tried to handle that on his own.
Sami provided police new information.
Sami identified the suspect captured in the CCTV video.
Sami was supposed to die that day.
Sami didn't finish the job.
Sami was hired by a man to kill someone.
Sami offered police information.
Sami kidnapped people for ransom.
Sami hoped to cut a deal with the cops.
Sami's right arm was busted in six places.
Sami suddenly fled.
Sami just kept beating Layla with a baseball bat.
Sami was asked if he would place Farid in the ground.
Sami decided to fake his own disappearance.
Sami followed Layla's instructions.
Sami wore his favorite hat.
Sami dedicated his life to protect these wonderful virgin forests.
Sami gave away millions of dollars to help protect the environment.
Sami and Layla have separated.
Time to start the laundry.
Sami swore he would get revenge.
I remember that laundromat in Paris.
When will the construction be finished?
I think I'm recharged, but my mind is elsewhere.
Sami hired Layla back.
Mary was drinking.
You were right about dead food in boxes and cans.
The helicopter is circling above.
He never called me back.
He said he'd call me back.
No one really knows what's up with ear hair.
Tom had some huge nose hairs.
Tom has a lot of nose and ear hairs.
Tom has a hairy back.
Tom is just hairy in general.
The alarm rang.
Get the alarm.
Turn it off!
Open the oven.
Clean the microwave.
I dropped a fork.
I need a clean fork.
I need a clean knife.
I need a clean spoon.
I need some silverware.
Can I have silverware for my meal?
Why didn't you finish your meal?
What was the point of all of that?
I don't like your car.
Try not to hit the curb.
Lock the car.
Get the laundry.
Start the laundry.
Mary has a big nose and Tom likes it.
Tom has very large ears and Mary thinks they are cute.
Tom can do tricks with his eyebrows.
There is too much smoke in here.
I don't want to smell like cigarette smoke.
What's with all the smokers here?
This is a shitty bar.
This place is a dive.
Where can we find a clean restaurant?
When does the shuttle arrive next?
How long does it take to get to the airport?
Can I charge my phone in the lobby?
Look at those pathetic tourists on the bus.
Why do I have to pay extra for protection for my computer?
Tom has taken some damage points.
"Tom, why do you use the word "some" so much?" asked Mary.
It wouldn't be proper.
It wouldn't be prudent.
Mary is an imprudent young woman.
Mary, give me your chewing gum.
Tom, go rake the leaves.
What is your fascination with this?
This won't be good.
I haven't practiced French all day.
I haven't practiced today.
Lies make us distance ourselves from others and prevent them from knowing what we feel and what we need.
I keep a dream journal by my bed.
I have a blog about herbal teas.
I need a new kidney.
I need a lung transplant.
I need a liver transplant.
I am donating bone marrow.
I donate blood as much as I can.
I need a Latin dictionary.
Where's the dictionary?
Where's the thesaurus?
Do you know how to type?
I need to fold the laundry.
Help me fold.
She doesn't trust anyone.
I don't want to take a class at the gym.
Many fitness classes are available at the gym.
What the hell is this suspension training at the gym?
I got a runner's high after using the elliptical machine for fifty minutes.
She doesn't care.
She won't call.
She won't apologize.
She's indifferent.
She wants to write for television.
Her favorite standup comic got in hot water for stealing jokes.
Zip it.
I broke the fly on another pair of pants.
My legs are freakishly strong.
Are there any good restaurants near your house?
Was your dinner last night delicious?
Is there anything you don't like to eat?
Are you going downtown this afternoon?
Was your father reading a book last night?
Are you going to go shopping next weekend?
Were you able to ride a bicycle when you were five years old?
Is there a computer in your bedroom?
Are you able to play the guitar?
Were you a good student when you were in junior high school?
Were you watching TV last night at 9:00?
Were you watching TV last night at nine o'clock?
Was your high school's baseball team a good team?
Is your home large?
Is your home quiet?
Is your home conveniently located?
Is your home near here?
Are you interested in science?
Are you interested in European history?
Are you interested in photography?
Is there a stereo in your bedroom?
Is there an air conditioner in your bedroom?
Are you able to read a French newspaper?
Are you able to travel a lot?
Can you read a French newspaper?
Are you able to take long vacations?
Are you able to play the flute?
Is your mother a housewife?
Is your mother a secretary?
Is your mother a busy woman?
Was your high school's volleyball team a good team?
Was your high school's basketball team a good team?
Is your father older than your mother?
Is your father taller than your mother?
Is your father easier to get along with than your mother?
Is your father better-looking than your mother?
Were you busy last Monday afternoon?
Were you tired yesterday afternoon?
Were you sleepy this morning?
Were you late for class today?
Are you a good student?
Are you an engineer?
Are you a good French speaker?
Are you a good skier?
Are you a careful driver?
Are you going to do your homework before supper?
Are you going to do your homework before dinner?
Are you going to see any of your friends over the weekend?
Are you going to play tennis this week?
Are you going to watch TV tonight?
Is your father shy?
Is your father strong?
Is your father creative?
Was your mother working yesterday?
Was your mother sick last week?
Was your mother an only child?
Was your mother busy last Monday?
Were you able to swim when you were thirteen years old?
Were you able to play mahjong last summer?
Was your breakfast this morning delicious?
Is there a bank near your house?
I didn't practice the piano yesterday.
I haven't yet practiced the piano today.
I haven't practiced the piano in a long time.
How long does it take to get to the airport from here?
How long will it take me to get to the airport?
How long will it take me to get to the airport from here?
How long will it take me to get to the airport by taxi?
How long will it take me to get to the airport by bus?
Would you like more tea?
What do you want on your salad?
More milk, young man?
Would you like coffee, sir?
Could we have some more non-dairy creamer?
Can we get some more cream?
Do you want some more milk?
Would you like some more milk?
Do you think I should add more milk to the batter?
Should I buy some more milk?
I don't want to drink any more milk now.
Do you want more milk in your coffee?
How do you like your meat cooked?
Pepper on your salad, sir?
Do you want more pasta?
Do you have a coupon?
Where is the bus station?
Where is the newsstand?
What is your flight number?
How's your son?
Where do you go to school?
What is your major?
Where did you buy that T-shirt?
Do you have any dietary restrictions?
Is this your first flight?
"Can I ask you a question?" "No, I don't answer surveys."
Is this the first time you've flown alone?
"How are you enjoying your stay with us?" "I'm not. The food is horrible."
Is this the first time you've flown a kite?
Is this the first time you've flown a helicopter?
Is this the first time you've flown first class?
"What's new with you?" "I just found out I've been transferred to the another division."
"Why are you so glum?" "Our dog is sick."
Is this the first time you've eaten here?
Is this the first time you've done this?
Is this the first time you've been here?
Is this the first time you've experienced this kind of pain?
"Was this your ideal?" "No, it was Mary's"
Was that the first time you were arrested?
"Did you get a new toy?" "Yes, my uncle bought it."
Is this the first time you've had this kind of problem?
Is this the first time you've eaten Thai food?
"Where do you go to school?" "I go to Forest Grove elementary."
Is this the first time you've seen this movie?
Is this the first time you've traveled alone?
Is this the first time you've played this game?
"Would you like me to call the police?" "No, he's my uncle."
Was that the first time Tom kissed Mary?
"Why are you calling the front desk?" "I want an early wake up call."
Was that the first time you rode a horse?
Can you set a reminder on your phone?
Is this the first time you've seen snow?
Did you bring the calendar?
When was the first time you saw snow?
When was the first time you played poker?
Is this your first time to visit Boston?
Do you have any suntan lotion?
Which of these do you like?
Is this the first time you and Tom have done this together?
Where on earth did you find that?
Do you like to listen to rock music?
Can you remember the first time you tried playing the clarinet?
What is your favorite type of music?
What was your beef?
Can you remember the first poem you ever wrote?
Why can't you ever listen?
Do you want me to spell it out?
Is this the first time you've ever skied?
Can you do the dishes?
Can you clean the kitchen?
Is this the first time you've ever ice skated?
Why didn't you stop me?
Why am I in trouble?
Why do you always get into trouble?
Why do you poop on the floor?
Why do you have to poop every time we get ready to leave?
Was there an issue?
Is this the first time you've applied for a loan?
Is there a problem, sir?
Is this the first time you've noticed this problem?
Is this the first time you've ever given blood?
Is this the first time you've tried doing this?
What was your goal?
Just why? Why did you do that?
Is this the first time you've been back to Boston since your divorce?
Why can't you think first before you act?
Do you think this is a big deal?
Why do you think you can disobey me?
Is there more to the story?
Please don't tell any more jokes.
Does this look OK?
Did you eat already?
Why did you use the candles?
Where is all the liquor?
Why did you hide?
What were you doing in the garage?
Why do you need matches?
Why don't you sit and read for a while?
What's your favorite exercise machine?
Does this hotel have a gym?
Does this hotel have a sauna?
Is there a lifeguard posted at the pool?
Where is the security guard?
Who do I call if my car has been broken into?
Have you seen my wallet?
Where are my credit cards?
Why did you take cash out of my wallet?
Where are my pain pills?
Where is my pain medication?
Do you think I need help?
Can you please replace all the liquor bottles that you've filled with water or tea?
Why do you drink so much?
Why are you drinking at this time of the day?
Did you find anything out?
What was your brother up to?
Why can't you behave?
Why do I have to worry about you?
Why are you so skinny?
Why are you so fat?
Why are you getting so muscular?
Why are you getting so hairy?
Why can't you concentrate?
Why aren't you able to study?
Why didn't you practice?
Why do you think we punish you?
Do you think you need to see somebody?
Are you feeling suicidal?
Do you think you need professional help?
Why are you so troubled?
Why do you act indifferent?
Why do you think this is funny?
Do you want to watch television?
Can you help me fold clothes?
Tom has moved.
Do you think you're a better cook?
You were completely wrong about the amount of tomato paste required.
Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't come from any species of grass?
"Why don't you eat grains?" "I don't eat grains because they're all from species of grass. I don't eat grass because I'm not a fucking cow."
Do I look like a fucking cow to you?
Do you think you're a better cook than I am?
Do you think you're a better cook than me?
Do you think you're a better cook than Tom?
Do you think you're a better cook than Tom is?
Do you want to take it outside?
Can you please calm down, sir?
Sir, should I call the police?
Why did he hit you?
Where on earth are you going?
Why did Tom hit you?
Oh, yeah? Do you want to have a cook-off to see who's the better cook?
Can you hold my purse?
Do you want to fight?
Why did you take me to this horrible sushi place?
Does this taste rotten to you?
Does this taste rancid to you?
Do think these nuts have gone rancid?
Do you want more fruit?
Why can't you be normal?
Haven't you heard? Normal doesn't exist.
Do you think I'm average?
Why do people not realize that there is no normal or average? Everybody has a jagged profile of strengths and weaknesses. Everybody is different and everybody is a genius. Teaching institutions suck the life out of children.
A straight-A student killed himself in the high school parking lot. The pressure is too great to be perfect in this community.
Why don't you finish up here and I'll go to the bank?
What would your previous employers say about you?
Do you think you've actually weakened me? I'm getting stronger everyday!
"Dad, where is the rest of my Halloween candy?" "Sorry, I've had a bit of weakness for chocolate lately."
Why do you keep calling?
You think you know it all.
This could be the showdown of the century.
Can you stop kicking my seat?
Can you stop chewing gum so loudly?
Can you stop snapping your gum?
Can you stop chewing with your mouth open?
Is your mother home?
Why aren't you at the dinner table?
Why don't you respond when I call?
How late did you stay up?
Why is this bus stopping?
Why isn't the bus leaving?
Why are you getting off the bus?
Why did you take my luggage?
I don't have a bag.
Why can't this be easy.
Why are you so cranky?
Why couldn't you have stayed home?
What a bunch of crap!
That's racist!
Why aren't you more responsible?
How much did you lose?
Why do you gamble?
Do you have a helmet?
Did you bring eye protection?
Why aren't you wearing your safety goggles?
Do you have long to live?
What's on your bucket list?
How many movies to you watch in a month?
Would you like a chocolate sundae?
Would you like a root beer float?
Why do you eat junk food?
Why are you so self-destructive?
Have you talked to your sister recently?
Have you talked to anyone in the old country?
Why are you investigating me?
That man isn't a teacher. He's a student.
Tom isn't a student. He's a teacher.
How can Paleo be a fad diet when it just attempts to replicate the human diet of prehistoric times? It's more of an original recipe diet than a fad.
Does being civilized mean eating a diet of primarily grass species (wheat, rice, corn, sugar, etc)? If it does and if you really think about, it means you are actually eating worthless garbage and paying hard-earned money for it.
We are apes and not cows.
We are the rabble.
Do you want a pretzel?
Can you buy me a hot dog?
Why do I have to choose?
Where are my shin guards?
Where is my soccer uniform?
Where is my soccer ball?
How many people were in attendance?
Do you actually think people can live to be nine hundred years old?
What's with your attitude?
"Can I help you?" "No, thanks. I'm just looking."
"Can you help me?" "Yes, after I take care of this customer."
"Do you like this town?" "No, I hate it."
"Do you like the weather?" "Don't talk to me."
"Can we have a conversation?" "Go fuck yourself!"
"Can you make me something to eat?" "Go fuck yourself!"
"Can you make me breakfast?" "Like your fat ass needs breakfast!"
"What's wrong with you?" "Go fuck yourself!"
I am uneducated on fats.
I am uneducated on nutrition.
I am uneducated.
I'm just a simple farmer.
I'm just a simple factory worker. Why do you bother me?
I like Stalin.
"Why do you say Stalin is dead?" "Papa, take your medicine."
Why are you always horny?
Why are you always up until 2:30 in the morning?
What's in Boston?
Why Boston? Why not New York City or Newark?
Why settle in Boston?
Why are we stopping in Boston?
Do you know any bitches in Boston?
Why are your hands so cold?
Why are you shivering?
Why do you look so puffy?
Do you feel like you are going to throw up?
Do you know where I've placed my glasses?
Throw the ball.
Mary woke Tom.
Breathe happiness.
Sami was kidnapped.
Sami owned a sprawling mansion in Toronto.
Sami went to a private school.
Sami built an empire of more than sixty companies.
Tell us everything!
Sami loved hiking in the vast Russian wilderness.
Sami lavished attention on Layla.
Sami thinks Farid is a hero.
Sami was enjoying another lunch with Layla.
Sami funded Layla's murder.
Sami's kidnappers were arrested.
Sami drowned in a swimming pool.
Sami changed Layla's life for ever.
Sami was forced to make an emergency landing.
Sami's plane landed on the tarmac.
Sami died in the blaze.
Sami's brush with death shifted his focus from business to religion.
Sami donated his wealth.
Sami bought houses, renovated them, then sold them.
Sami met Layla for lunch.
Sami attended the business meeting.
Sami and Layla were talking about a donation he was going to make for an environmental project.
Sami fired the first shot into Layla's chest.
Sami was begging for his life.
Ah! The young ones!
She is a vegetarian.
Sami stole Farid's girlfriend.
Sami faked his own death.
Sami had thousands of followers on Facebook.
Sami was planning Layla's funeral.
Sami was planning a new life.
Sami is a former Marine.
Sami and Layla are going to the beach.
Sami was in a no-swim zone.
Sami took his shoes off.
Sami sounded the alarm.
Sami called his stepmom.
Sami and Layla didn't even sleep in the same bed.
Sami cried on the phone.
Sami ran for help.
Sami was crying on the beach.
Sami left his belongings on the beach.
Sami has significantly increased his insurance.
Sami opened his e-mail account.
Sami read Layla's secret messages.
Sami read Layla's secret messages.
Sami read Layla's secret messages.
Sami used a payphone.
Sami called the authorities.
Sami couldn't believe Layla was alive.
Sami called from a resort.
Sami was planning a funeral for Layla.
Sami was in Tahiti.
Sami was cooling his heels in Sharm al-Sheikh.
Sami disappeared for about six years.
Sami made a full confession.
Sami wanted to end his life.
Sami went into the water and never came out.
Sami wanted to convince everybody that he was dead.
Sami was leaving.
Sami's father has physically abused him for years.
Sami participated in that big lie.
Sami's father was a violent man.
Sami headed for home in his Ford.
Sami was stopped for speeding.
Sami finally resurfaced in Cairo.
Sami had nothing to do with that.
Sami will have to live with that.
Sami and Farid shared the same prison cell.
Sami pled guilty to conspiracy to commit insurance fraud.
Sami hurt his brother.
Sami is waiting to be sentenced.
Sami was found dead on the kitchen floor of his trailer.
Sami was enjoying the comfort of his new home.
Sami lived in a trailer park.
Sami moved to Cairo, looking for a fresh start.
Sami posted the videos online.
Sami's prank videos garnered millions of clicks.
Sami's video got six million views.
Sami's car crashed into a truck.
Sami wore a mask.
Sami pranked co-workers.
Sami chased people around the park, dressed like a zombie.
Sami gave me a big gigantic hug.
Sami liked extreme pranks.
Sami loved his family with a passion.
Sami had a tough guy exterior.
Sami did his part as a dad.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of time together fishing.
Sami looked rough.
Sami worked occasionally as a handiman.
Sami milked cows.
Sami got his first job at sixteen, milking cows.
Sami's pranks got crazier and crazier.
Sami watched the video.
Sami worked for an electronics company.
Sami pushed the limits of his Youtube pranks to get attention.
Sami decorated the yard.
Sami liked to prank people.
Sami sold his trailer to Layla.
Sami decided to prank Layla.
Sami pretended to be a Mexican immigrant.
Sami took it at face value.
Sami was on Facebook.
Sami is Muslim and he doesn't do any of that.
Sami drank Red Bull.
Sami's Arabic accent disappeared. In fact, he was just pretending to be an Arab immigrant. He was born and raised in Ontario, Canada.
Sami lived with his aunt.
Sami took the joke as far as he could.
Sami paid Layla's bills.
It needs more time than we thought.
Sami held down two jobs.
Sami continues to play pranks.
Sami said hi.
Sami got back at Layla.
Sami was on that plane.
Sami had explosives.
Sami fooled the police.
Sami knows everyone by sight.
Sami fooled his family.
Sami took it so far that his prank became a crime.
Sami fell in love with a brunette called Layla.
Sami wore a cut-off shirt.
Sami cut the sleeves of his shirt off.
Sami always makes a point of saying hello.
Sami and Layla met at a pizza joint.
Sami didn't want to talk to Al-Jazeera.
Sami has fallen hard for a comely co-worker.
Sami had a white-collar job.
Sami saw it coming.
Sami lost his mobility.
Sami would be so excited.
Sami too wanted Layla all to himself.
Sami did what he could to help Layla fix her situation.
Sami always wanted to share his space with Layla.
Sami always wanted Layla to come over.
Sami posted an inappropriate picture of Layla on Facebook.
Sami posted a nude picture of Layla on Facebook.
Sami offered to give Layla a ride.
Sami offered Layla a ride.
Sami could drop whatever he was doing to help Layla.
Sami could call Layla at any time.
Sami's payback would come on Christmas day.
Sami's call was not recorded.
Sami had drugs on him.
Sami liked to manicure his lawn.
Sami carried drugs.
Sami's death took a heavy toll on Layla.
Sami has no idea what's up.
Sami helped Layla through a difficult time.
Sami's daughter cleaned house for him.
Sami put his hands up.
Sami realized right there and then that that was probably a hoax.
Sami was the only one in town who knew what was going on.
Sami returned to his pizza joint.
Sami took Layla to the lake.
Sami needed a spot to think.
Sami shared his own special secret with Layla.
Sami did a very foolish thing.
Sami was literally blinded by love.
Sami tried to get another job.
Sami found it very hard to get a new job.
Sami will regret that for the rest of his life.
Sami was sentenced to 16 months in prison and 3 years probation.
Sami was required to write letters of apology to the families of the victims.
Sami couldn't perform procedures on patients.
Sami was a medical professional.
Sami's dream was to become a medical professional.
Sami couldn't wait.
Sami pretended to be a doctor.
Sami is a faker.
Sami was caught at a hospital pretending to be a doctor.
Sami is a physician's assistant.
Sami is a doctor.
Sami oozed confidence.
Sami is charming.
Sami performed procedures on patients.
Sami was getting stitches.
Sami administered CPR to Layla.
Sami worked at the emergency room.
Sami was in the police interrogation room.
Sami began to tell his story.
Sami was just talking, talking, and talking.
Sami had no education beyond a diploma from an online high school.
Sami had no education whatsoever.
Sami had medical expertise.
Sami played a smartphone game.
Sami played a game on his smartphone.
Sami loved to talk.
Sami just sat back and kept saying "aham" while he listened to Layla.
Sami died the next day.
Sami was under the care of Layla.
Sami broke the news to Layla's husband.
Sami didn't have any contact with Layla.
Sami unwillingly unmasked himself.
Sami posed as a nurse at a Cairo hospital when he was just sixteen.
Sami wanted to learn.
Sami was a kid.
Sami stole a loaded pistol.
Sami was just a kid.
Sami went on trial.
Sami impersonated a physician assistant.
Sami looked petrified.
Sami shaved his lower region.
Sami was talking about Layla.
Sami served six months in jail.
Sami gave Layla a phone that had a camera.
Sami wanted Layla to take provocative pictures of herself.
Sami is not a real police officer.
Sami hung out with people at least twice his age.
Sami liked to joke around.
Sami didn't consider Layla a threat.
Sami was released from jail in 2016.
Sami planned to propose to Layla.
Sami's wife never wears makeup.
Sami impersonated a police officer.
Sami was chatting with Layla.
Sami is a Cairo photographer.
Sami was cyber-dating another woman.
Sami told Layla to take her gift back.
Sami found a ring in Layla's lingerie.
Sami was doing his lingerie.
Sami began to understand that.
Sami was infatuated with Layla.
Sami made lots of e-mail typos.
Sami went through treatment.
Sami found out about Layla's affair.
Sami was peeping in the windows.
Sami went out and saw a figure running off.
Sami got a bone-marrow transplant.
Sami is a handsome Mounty.
Sami didn't reveal his identity.
Sami told the kids.
Sami has just been hit by a drunk driver.
Sami read the story.
Sami desperately tried to get more information about that.
Sami posted that on his Facebook page.
Sami said he was from Cairo.
Sami saw more and more photos of Layla.
Sami uploaded the photos.
Sami apparently never had cancer.
Sami was in an apartment in Cairo.
Sami doesn't have any children.
Sami apparentlty had a sister in Egypt.
Sami is a master of deception.
Sami violated the terms of the service agreement.
Sami was deceiving Layla.
Sami has been here for six hours.
Sami was also frustrated.
Sami's house has been burglarized.
Sami asked Layla to stop.
Sami bought some groceries.
Sami was using Layla.
Sami's mother would do anything to provide for her son.
Sami was trying to help Layla out.
Sami accepted Layla's gift.
Sami Bakir was working on a very complicated homicide.
Sami was at his uncle's place.
Sami was standing in the corner.
Sami wanted to take care of his family.
Sami was the perpetrator.
Sami had about six hundred dollars.
Sami came to work.
Sami said he felt taken advantage of.
Sami bought some expensive champagne.
Sami became a concern for Layla.
Sami went to the local police.
Sami got a better lock.
Sami got a new lock.
Sami lost the job.
Sami discovered the money missing.
Sami hid the money in a drawer.
Sami's money disappeared.
Sami knew Layla since he was a kid.
Sami got rid of the evidence.
Sami has done time for bank robbery.
Sami didn't have anything against Layla.
Sami might be the one robbing Layla.
Sami drew the line.
Sami brought Layla with him.
Sami got pretty pissed off.
Sami and Layla hang out all the time.
Sami was released from prison.
Sami was employed by a movie theater.
Sami stole 1600 dollars.
Sami didn't think Layla could steal.
Sami brought a box of booze.
Sami was interviewed six times by the police.
Sami is still serving time.
Sami stayed home all day with his daughter, Layla.
Sami won a significant amount of money.
Sami is serving his time in a correctional institution.
Sami is never, ever, ever getting out of prison again.
Sami is away for life.
Sami and Layla couldn't wait for the next phase in their lives. They got married just six months after they met.
Sami was forced to take off his clothes and shoes.
Sami was herded into the parking lot where he was shot.
Sami was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Sami wanted to be a father to Layla's baby.
Sami walked through the club's parking lot.
Sami parked his car in a dark parking lot.
Sami drank too many beers.
Sami was wearing a gray hoodie.
Sami and Layla started fighting.
Sami kicked Layla in the face.
Sami was bleeding.
Sami ended up going to the hospital.
Sami started to hit Layla.
Sami was dressed in black pants and a gray hoodie.
Sami pulled a weapon.
Sami got back to the trailer park.
Sami got his notebook out and strarted taking notes.
Sami didn't respond to Layla's texts.
Sami was wearing a camouflage jacket.
Sami breathed a huge sigh of relief.
Sami came back from a wrestling match.
Sami decided to take Layla's money.
Sami didn't want to cash Layla's check.
Sami had his mother's skin tone.
Sami was texting Layla.
Sami died so young and he had so much more to give.
Sami didn't answer right away.
Sami read Layla's text message.
Sami replied to Layla's text message.
Sami and Layla were young.
Sami covered for Layla.
Sami and Layla were at the beginning of their journey.
Sami waited anxiously at the police station.
Sami logged into the university network.
Sami was still somewhere on campus.
Sami knew everything about Layla's sexual escapades.
Sami went there to pick Layla up.
Sami immediately called 911.
Sami was lifeless.
Sami's innocent face appeared on a missing poster.
Sami wanted to see his family again.
Sami was running home from school to celebrate his sixth birthday.
Sami was involved in the altercation.
Sami never walked alone.
Sami sensed he wasn't alone.
Sami went back to the trailer park.
Sami was coming towards Layla.
Sami refused to come to the door.
Sami is in the car.
Sami entered Layla's trailer.
Sami covered Layla with a blanket.
Sami shackled Layla with a chain.
Sami got much more than he bargained for.
Sami was still covered by that blanket.
Sami was found deceased on the floor.
Sami drove Layla around for hours.
Sami ate in front of Layla and gave her nothing.
Sami forced Layla to drink beer and wine.
Sami thought he would die.
Sami somehow kept calm.
Sami chose his time to escape absolutely perfectly.
Sami got out again.
Sami made a strange discovery.
Sami left his keys behind.
Sami made a wrong turn.
Sami explained how he got away.
Sami left his keys on the floor.
Sami was wrong.
Sami knew Farid could return at any moment.
Sami tried one key after another.
Sami wasn't able to communicate to law enforcement who he was or where he was from.
Sami had a lot of keys.
Sami showed Layla the photo.
Sami was numb.
Sami would never leave his daughter alone.
Sami ran for his life.
Sami checked the dumpster behind the bar.
Sami is Layla's abductor.
Sami was just a few feet away.
Sami slowed to a stop.
Sami was looking for something.
Sami is gonna try to kill Layla.
Sami was driving away.
Sami picked up the girl.
Sami spent six days with a mad man.
Sami kidnapped another girl.
Sami abducted and terrorized children.
Sami has a staggering criminal history.
Sami was once again free to do as he pleased.
Sami tore the checkbook in half.
Sami went to trial for Layla's abduction.
Sami detailed the graphic abuse.
Sami visited the cemetery.
Sami was so crazy.
Sami looked Layla straight in the eye.
Sami needed a few co-workers to assist.
Sami is not afraid of Farid anymore.
Sami didn't even know that that graveyard existed.
Sami was buried in a very secluded place.
Sami hurt Layla's family.
Sami was in trouble.
Sami has moved on.
Sami's dog started barking.
Sami is staying with us for the night.
Sami escaped his abductor.
Sami drove us back.
Sami came home from school.
Sami has been waiting in his car.
Sami's screams were horrible to hear.
Sami followed Layla into her house.
Sami searched for Layla through the night.
Sami's family waited in anguish.
Sami's mother and brother came home.
Sami was handcuffed in a box.
Sami was in the back seat.
Sami has heard that story.
Sami's dog smelt something.
Sami was held prisoner.
Sami expressed that in poetry.
Sami managed to keep his wits about him.
Sami raped Layla repeatedly.
Sami got Layla's trust.
Sami outsmarted Layla.
Sami is a child development expert.
Sami is an unusual kid.
Sami appeared he had been stabbed multiple times.
Sami's alibi was confirmed.
Sami dehumanized his victims.
Sami really didn't like Layla.
Sami was found abandoned in the woods.
Sami took off Layla's handcuffs.
Sami wanted to be a detective.
Sami's first goal was to stay alive.
Sami put the coin in his pocket.
Sami's fingerprints were on that glass.
Sami seemed very nervous.
Sami returned to work his shift.
Sami kept trying to earn Layla's trust.
Sami dropped Layla off in a secluded area.
Sami called for pizza.
Sami had Layla's phone number.
Sami got mad at Layla.
Sami couldn't handle that.
Sami probably tried to rape Layla.
Sami let Layla watch TV with him.
Sami had asthma.
Sami needed his asthma medicine.
Sami retaliated.
Sami was going to die.
Sami never explained to anyone why he had done this.
Sami decided to let Layla go.
Sami dropped Layla off on a street corner.
Sami witnessed his mother's murder.
Sami wasn't done.
Sami was able to direct the police to exactly where he had been held captive.
Sami quickly switched the subject.
Sami punched Layla in front of her daughter.
Sami was preparing to flee when the police arrived.
Sami was arrested thanks to Layla's bravery.
Sami was going to be caught.
Sami let Layla live.
Sami made the decision to let Layla live.
Sami was not sexually assaulted.
Sami's death was determined to be suicide.
Sami drank bleech.
Sami tried to cut his own throat.
Sami died from an overdose of sleeping pills that he had taken.
Sami's testimony was extremely moving.
Sami was sentenced to more than 160 years in prison.
Sami robbed the movie theater where he worked.
Sami didn't want to think about the past.
Sami's trailer was destroyed by a hurricane.
Sami wrote in his diary using invisible ink.
Sami's house was demolished.
Sami sold Layla's trailer and moved away.
Sami is still tortured by his past.
Sami works with traumatized children.
Sami was placed with a foster family.
Sami kept doing the detective work.
Sami sees a therapist three times a week.
Sami would do this to someone else.
Sami didn't want this to happen.
Sami put some of his hair in Layla's grave.
Sami has grown up.
Sami was so shocked.
Sami shared his powerful story.
Sami became Farid's best friend.
Sami and Layla met for the first time in 2006.
Sami missed Layla's smile.
Sami was an extraordinary child.
Sami went back to ordinary life.
Sami has just been released.
Sami saw the house.
Sami was sentenced to more than sixty years.
Sami was a serial molester.
Sami admitted to killing six other girls.
Sami will die in prison.
Sami wanted to start a new life.
Sami didn't deal with it.
Sami started fighting with kids that teased him at school.
Sami was declared missing.
Sami came face to face with a terrifying truth.
Sami didn't realize that at that moment.
Sami kept changing his story.
Sami didn't want to believe it.
Sami was just nervous.
Sami dealt with his personal pain by writing about it in his diary.
Sami made Layla feel safe.
Sami would never go outside of his house.
Sami never used drugs.
Sami underwent years of therapy.
Sami hid in his fortress of solitude.
Sami and Layla have to meet.
Sami and Layla shared a strong bond.
Sami is not going to stay here.
Sami looked forward for a career as a wedding planner.
Sami is working full-time.
Sami still finds time to volunteer at children's safety events.
Sami maintained hope.
Sami remained in prison.
Sami has moved on with his life and is doing well.
Sami was able to achieve his dreams.
Sami was murdered by a psycho.
Sami was a college student with a sense of adventure.
Sami was brutally attacked.
Sami survived that night.
Sami had to confront the past.
Sami finally moved forward.
Sami was dressed in cowboy attire.
Sami was an undergraduate at Cairo University.
Sami was discovering the country.
Sami felt immortal.
Sami did not have a lot of common sense.
Sami had no clue.
Sami went his own way.
Sami wanted to make it happen.
Sami spent a long day of biking.
Sami pitched his tent there.
Sami felt he was being watched.
Sami had a premonition.
Sami stayed there anyway.
Sami was being paranoid.
Sami slept in his tent.
Sami heard a screech.
Sami first thought it was an accident.
Sami got out of the vehicle.
Sami's pickup was stolen.
Sami turned back towards Layla.
Sami started losing consciousness.
Sami is too young to die.
Sami was standing over Layla.
Sami was meticulously dressed as a cowboy.
Sami grabbed the blade in his hands.
Sami stumbled to the road, flagging down a pickup.
Sami was frantically waving a flashlight.
Sami was covered in blood.
Sami has been attacked by something or someone.
Sami was a mad man.
Sami was somewhere in the dark.
Sami went up to the window.
Sami was messed up.
Sami likes Egyptian food.
Sami teaches Spanish literature.
Sami began moving his gravely wounded friend from the river bank.
Sami was the attacker.
Sami was coming back.
Sami believed Layla attacked him.
Sami and Layla have been brutally attacked by a man wielding an axe.
Sami's car suddenly veered off, speeding away.
Sami used some kind of hatchet to kill Layla.
Sami lost all memory of the attack due to the trauma.
Sami began to realize that.
Sami was a scared man.
Sami was doing that.
Sami buried these things for ever in his mind.
Sami tried to carry on with his life.
Sami's pursuit of his attacker was in vain.
Sami knows who did it.
Sami was Satan in Layla's eyes.
Sami would hit Layla quite often.
Sami got Layla on the ground and kicked her.
Sami stores the hatchet in his toolbox.
Sami was insane.
Sami recognized Layla's tire tracks.
Sami tried to file charges against Layla.
Sami was known as a violent young cowboy.
Sami violated a restraining order.
Sami is a former state trooper.
Sami was known for his short temper.
Sami was of interest to the police.
Sami hired Layla for various jobs.
Sami had a strange preoccupation.
Sami wanted to see Farid in the flesh.
Sami first saw Layla in 2006.
Sami refused to confront Layla.
Sami Bakir has been a meticulous investigator.
Sami said he was sorry for something I don't think he was sorry for.
Sami did an evil act.
Sami can't explain it.
Sami said he was sorry but I didn't believe that.
Sami has not changed his mind.
Sami is a parole officer.
Sami was working on an unsolved crime.
Sami said he didn't do it.
Sami had illegal drugs in his system.
I bet, tomorrow you'll find a bad bat in your bed.
Tom is a poor wretch.
He slept like a log.
Two of them were very important people.
The little man let out a frightening roar.
Bye-bye!
Where can we find an ice cream truck?
Mary's brother likes to dance.
Tom's friend likes to drink.
Mary's sister is coming tomorrow.
I would like to work in Germany.
Do you have a good memory?
How? I do not understand.
It's good, but not enough.
It's getting even worse, I know.
It's a flower. It will become stone. What is it? Anything. Nothing.
It's not better; it's the best possible thing.
Sami tricked Layla.
Sami went on Facebook.
Sami is a dangerous predator.
Sami invited danger in.
Sami was a drug user and abuser.
Sami was instantly drawn to Layla.
Sami told Layla what was going to happen.
Sami sent Layla photos of his torso.
Sami asked Layla to send him a sexy photo.
Sami lived deep in the heart of Ontario.
Sami had just a few second left.
Sami was born in a rural community.
Sami had a love affair online.
Sami owns an auto body shop.
Sami destroyed Layla's life.
Sami was buying more used cars.
Sami has spent time here before.
Sami put Layla up temporarily.
Sami came back in the afternoon.
Sami found a more permanent place to stay.
Sami purchased a big house.
Sami threw a party in his new house.
Sami liked Layla's house.
Sami built a gorgeous house.
Sami destroyed Layla's confidence.
Sami destroyed Layla's reputation.
Sami had the key to the house.
Sami seemed very mysterious.
Sami realized Layla was a good person.
Sami didn't divulge a whole lot about himself.
Sami had no idea how Layla made her money.
Sami never saw Farid do any work.
Sami liked drawing attention.
Sami had a room that was filled with mounted animals of all types.
Sami liked being showy.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is or where she came from.
Sami had a few friends in and around Leon, Florida.
Sami wanted to settle down.
Sami didn't like talking about where he got his money.
Sami transferred money from offshore account.
Sami traveled with his dog.
Sami and Layla loved each other.
I think it's not only my problem.
Sami published naked photos of Layla on Facebook.
Sami was dominating Layla's life.
Sami considered suicide was the only option.
Sami was looking at Layla's car.
Sami was harassing Layla on the Internet.
Sami posted Layla's naked photographs on the Internet.
Sami knew he was hurting Layla.
Sami was an online predator.
Sami drove Layla's car.
Sami is doing well.
Sami was involved in a passionate affair with Layla.
Sami could no longer hide his dirty little secret.
Sami's secret was about to be exposed.
Sami found the perfect victim in Layla.
Sami was married.
Sami accepted Layla's offer.
Sami moved into Layla's mansion.
Sami had cars that needed fixing.
Sami worked as Layla's private mechanic.
Sami came to Layla.
Sami was Layla's life.
Sami was Layla's passion.
Sami doesn't fit anywhere in this crazy world.
Sami is ugly.
Sami told Layla not to tell anybody.
Sami has found his dream home.
Sami needed a place to stay.
Sami played with Layla.
Sami told Layla not to tell anybody.
Sami partied with the guys.
Sami put Layla at ease.
Sami showed Layla some relaxation exercises.
Sami knew that instantly.
Sami said he was shot.
Sami felt really uneasy.
Sami threw a chair through the window.
Sami's life couldn't be better.
Sami and Layla had an intense affair.
Sami and Layla texted and phoned each other.
Sami texted Layla every hour of every day.
Sami threatened to strangle Layla.
Sami looked kind of scary.
Sami threatened to kill Layla.
Sami wanted to be liked.
Sami wanted to continue his affair.
Sami shouldn't take this for granted.
Sami's police work put him and Layla in danger.
Sami befriended dangerous people.
Sami wanted to feel very important.
Sami struggled with a major issue: recreational drug use.
Sami said he wasn't using drugs.
Sami was concerned about Layla.
Sami broke up with his girlfriend, Layla.
Sami was looking forward to a new life with Layla.
Sami never seemed to lack for female company.
Sami agreed to leave his wife and move with Layla to Cairo.
Sami met a stewardess.
Sami had other ideas.
Sami planned to start a new life with Layla.
Sami had a habit he couldn't seem to shake: he drank a lot.
Sami transported his furniture to Cairo.
Sami was not supposed to use alcohol.
Sami made arrangements to transport his furniture to Cairo.
Sami tested positive for meth use.
Sami made a call to his trusted attorney, Layla Bakir.
Sami wanted to get a fix.
Sami was going to Cairo to spend a few days with Layla.
Sami's furniture was already on its way to Cairo.
Sami paid the fee.
Sami was going to help Layla out.
Sami and Layla began a new life together.
Sami was planning to start a new life.
Sami consistently denied having an affair with Layla.
Sami took Layla down to show her his cars.
Sami was an experienced liar.
Sami's lies got bigger and more outlandish.
Sami was involved in a drug syndicate.
Sami was well aware of it.
Sami decorated the place in his distinctive style.
Sami was furious when he heard of Layla's affair.
Sami was having an affair himself.
Sami was extremely jealous of Layla's relationship with Farid.
Sami went to see a lawyer.
Sami lived in a shipping container.
Sami loved both of them very much.
Sami killed his father and his step-father.
Sami heard all kinds of funny stories about Layla.
Sami is not telling the truth.
Sami was spending more and more time at Layla's house.
Sami's voice was filled with concern.
I have cut it into two pieces.
Sami didn't show up this morning.
Sami described Layla as a someone who was highly volatile.
Sami knocks on Layla's door and she didn't answer.
Sami kept a shotgun under his bed.
Sami asked Layla of Farid was OK.
Sami was hanging around with Farid and his group.
Sami was put in an ambulance.
Sami was searching for a date.
Sami tried to calm Layla.
Sami wanted to meet women n Cairo.
Sami was support and strength and security to Layla.
Sami hated girls with piercings.
Sami and Layla went to the office together.
Sami asked for that.
Sami had a motorcycle.
Sami had two teenage daughters.
Sami walked around like he owned the place.
Sami missed having his mother to himself.
Sami did not like his new stepfather.
Sami created many problems.
Sami's kids would challenge him.
Sami didn't know what was going on over there.
Sami was selfish and disrespectful.
Sami didn't like those girls.
You're certainly thinking it is my only problem.
Sami's stepdaughters didn't like him.
Sami was trying to be a good stepfather.
Sami was supposed to go away.
Sami was home alone.
Sami grew angry.
Sami visited a psychiatrist at a veterans' hospital.
Sami was an adult.
Sami was not going alone.
Sami can stay home alone.
Sami stayed with friends.
Sami encouraged Layla to come over.
Sami slept away the weekend.
Sami heard Layla snoring.
Sami snored like a tractor.
Sami was dying.
Sami thought he knew why.
Sami drank apricot brandy.
Sami filled a glass with antifreeze.
Sami's father died just a few weeks earlier.
Sami didn't feel happy.
Sami found that very odd.
Sami was at the mall.
Sami Bakir was conducting an autopsy.
Sami saw droplets inside the flask.
Sami died from antifreeze.
Sami knew Layla had been drinking.
Sami Bakir was conducting an autopsy at the morgue.
Sami was crushed.
Sami's own father had died six years earlier.
Sami lost his father.
Sami was sad.
Sami told Layla he was upset.
Sami never would have done something like that.
Sami was taking medication to deal with depression.
Sami walked up to the casket.
Sami was already suspicious.
Sami said Layla killed herself with antifreeze.
Sami gave Layla a lethal doze of antifreeze.
Sami called Layla only once.
Sami found meth stached under his bed.
Sami made a call to police.
Sami was addicted to cocaine.
Sami took his stuff when he left.
Sami saw Layla changing.
Sami found that odd.
Sami was worried enough to call an ambulance.
Sami knew he couldn't trust Layla anymore.
Sami's car suddenly disappeared.
Sami's car was parked in Layla's driveway.
Sami's behavior became more impulsive.
Sami was afraid of what Layla might do.
Sami denied it all.
Sami did everything he could to keep Layla out of trouble.
Sami violated the terms of his parole again.
Sami violated the terms of his parole again.
Sami tarnished Layla's reputation.
Sami was supposed to show up for work.
Sami left his residence to go to work.
Sami left his residence to go to work.
Sami called from a payphone.
Sami brought home two gang members.
Sami and Layla pillaged Farid's house.
Sami and Layla partied hard.
Sami's fingerprints were found on a glass.
The fingerprints matched Sami's.
Sami found a container of antifreeze in the kitchen garbage.
Sami drank out of that glass.
Sami poured a glass of antifreeze.
Sami drank out of Layla's glass.
Sami's DNA was found on the glass.
Sami wanted to kill Layla with antifreeze.
Sami used his own truck to transport his furniture.
Sami's car didn't run.
Sami can't explain that.
Sami identified himself as Farid Bakir.
Sami answered the question.
Sami's wife was the prime suspect.
Sami did not fool the police for very long.
Sami was buried in this small cemetery.
Sami died at just 36.
Sami recognized Layla's tattoo.
Sami was placed under arrest.
Sami has died from antifreeze poisoning.
Sami's death looked like a suicide but it's now being investigated as a homicide.
Sami grew facial hair in an attempt to pass for Farid.
Sami experienced his first great love.
Sami assumed that Layla's disappearance was nothing to worry about.
Sami was going to marry Layla.
Sami was larger than life.
Sami presumed that Layla was out of the country.
Sami had a problem with alcohol.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for weeks.
Sami had a problem with both drugs and alcohol.
Sami stuck to his story.
Sami and Layla did everything together.
Sami never talked about Layla.
Sami and Layla seemed to love each other.
Sami worked for an ambulance dispatch company.
Sami and Layla were husband and wife.
Sami was considering divorce.
Sami's house was trashed.
Sami and Layla argued sometimes.
Sami started to get sick.
Sami was acting like he was drunk.
Sami did not look good.
Sami wanted to rest for a while.
Sami never made it to the doctor.
Sami pulled out a fake ID.
Sami was lying on the couch.
Sami left behind everything.
Sami found a body buried in his backyard.
Sami was locked up when the murder took place.
Sami didn't want to be involved in that.
Sami explained the situation to Layla.
Sami told Layla the truth about what happened.
Sami fired some shots and hit Layla.
Sami's body was discovered buried within a foot of the surface.
Sami confessed to police that he had shot Layla.
Sami was making funny faces.
Sami went to go get his sister from the school.
Sami allowed some of those people into his home.
Sami stayed over there until his grandmother came back.
Sami believed Layla was having an affair with Farid.
Sami was still on the couch.
Sami wanted to kick Layla out.
Sami put the gun down.
Sami was still lying on the couch.
Sami tried to dissolve Layla's body using some chemicals.
Sami got convicted.
Sami will be dearly missed.
Sami didn't deserve that.
Sami enjoyed life fully.
Sami cared about Layla.
Sami was sentenced to six years for organized crime.
Sami's home was cleaned up and sold.
Sami used some chemicals to get Layla's body to decompose quicker.
Sami stole items from Layla's home.
Sami said it was his fault that his father was dead.
Sami drank and smoked.
Sami was working for a physician.
Sami's entire family grieved.
Sami didn't see Layla cry at all.
Sami didn't cry at the funeral.
Sami didn't want to see Layla sad.
Sami paid for the funeral.
Sami took the girls to Disney World.
Sami's dad passed away.
Sami met Layla.
Sami became Layla's second husband.
Sami became stepfather to Layla's two girls.
Sami didn't kill himself.
Sami was poisoned with antifreeze.
Sami used antifreeze for murder.
I've cut it into two pieces.
I cut it into two pieces.
Sami speaks Arabic but he has a Turkish background.
Sami's will left almost everything to Layla.
Sami was about six.
Sami was Layla's only kid.
Sami welcomed Layla into his house.
Sami wasn't included in the will.
Sami was deceitful.
Sami went to the cemetery to pay his respects to Layla.
Sami had no history of heart disease.
Sami was buried in a cemetery outside Cairo.
Sami's body was exhumed.
Sami was poisoned to death with antifreeze.
Sami wasn't the only one.
Sami chose to kill himself.
Sami and Layla died six years apart.
Sami paid a visit to the house.
Sami had a bad back.
Sami's death was a suicide.
Sami was interrogated in this small room.
Sami planted flowers.
Sami was interrogated for six hours.
Sami made only one call to Layla that day.
Sami rented the house for Layla.
Sami could have murdered Layla.
Sami didn't do this.
Sami got upset.
Sami doesn't do this.
Sami was extremely nervous.
Sami was very nervous and scared.
Sami hired a lawyer.
Sami called his mother.
Sami rushed to pick up Layla from school.
Sami saw something very unusual.
Sami has had a very hard day.
Sami had one beer.
Sami drank with his underage daughter.
Sami gave Layla a glass.
Sami got sick.
Sami went to bed.
Sami gave Layla a pill.
Sami still does it.
Sami trusted his mom.
Sami bought drinks for his daugther.
Sami was carrying a large cup.
Sami drank more.
Sami went into a room.
Sami took a nap.
Sami was alive but barely breathing.
Sami was in complete shock.
Sami tried to poison his own daughter.
Sami has been poisoned with antifreeze.
Sami's backyard was meticulously maintained.
Sami loved the quiet of a small town.
Sami needed an ambulance.
Sami has taken some pills.
Sami was gasping for life.
Sami was very pleased with that.
Sami's eyes were wide open.
Sami's mouth was open.
Sami was neglecting to help.
Sami was the one who discovered Layla's body.
Sami showed up there one day.
Sami did not tolerate this kind of behavior.
Sami's behavior infuriated Layla.
Sami packed up and hit the road.
Sami didn't call 911 right away.
Sami often stops by to visit.
Sami noticed the horrible smell, too.
Sami's house was smelling.
Sami has swallowed dozens of pills and a bottle of tequila.
Sami looked scared.
Sami didn't know what was going on.
Sami didn't know what to expect.
Sami saw Layla again.
Sami died in Layla's house.
Sami turned on the air conditioner to suck the smell outside.
Sami has decided to go and join his family in Egypt.
Sami avoided Layla.
Sami has been drinking quite a bit.
Sami wanted someone to watch over him.
Sami's daughter was dying.
Sami got in that room.
Sami started reading the note but Layla took it away from him.
Sami wrote a shocking confession.
Sami was crumbling under the pressure.
Sami blamed me.
This is her first Finnish poem collection.
I asked if Tom had agreed to do that.
I need a bit more time to decide.
Tom has figured out a way to do that.
Tom figured out a way to do that.
I actually didn't want to do that.
Tom was a bus driver for three years.
Tom has been a bus driver for three years.
I always do that in the afternoon.
I almost always do that in the afternoon.
Tom was unable to do that on his own.
I always do that when I'm nervous.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his car.
I asked for permission to do that.
I asked Tom if he could hold his hand.
I think I forgot to lock the door.
I asked Tom if he knew how to do that.
My son is being bullied at school.
I asked Tom to show me how to do that.
I agreed that we shouldn't do that.
I asked Tom to show us how to do that.
I asked if I really had to do that.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I began doing that three weeks ago.
I think I forgot to give a key to Tom.
I began doing that three years ago.
I thought Tom looked a bit overweight.
I continued doing that for a while.
I wonder how much money Tom owes Mary.
I could be the last one to do that.
I've asked Tom not to do that anymore.
I'd rather not talk about that now.
Tom tried to ignore what was going on.
I'm certainly not ready to do that.
Tom was a security guard at that time.
That was not part of the agreement.
I asked Tom how often he played tennis.
You could do that if you wanted to.
I asked Tom if I really had to do that.
Could you repeat what you just said?
I asked Tom if he was going to do that.
I always do that when I'm in Boston.
I asked Tom to show you how to do that.
I've asked Tom to show you how to do that.
I apparently didn't have to do that.
I asked Tom to tell me why he did that.
I apparently didn't need to do that.
I can do that even better than Tom can.
I apparently don't have to do that.
I can do that much better than Tom can.
I apparently don't need to do that.
Tom tried his best to make that happen.
I could be the first one to do that.
Tom was a bully when he was a teenager.
I hear you're very good at baseball.
I asked Tom how many languages he spoke.
We might get arrested if we do that.
I asked Tom if he really had to do that.
You're on your own from here on out.
I asked Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I always do that when I go to Boston.
I can do that a lot better than Tom can.
I can do that right now if I want to.
Tom tried his best to get Mary to leave.
I continued doing that for some time.
Tom tried to find out why that happened.
I could be fired if I didn't do that.
Tom wants to know why you're mad at him.
I think I should handle that for you.
Tom was a close personal friend of mine.
I'll consider it and get back to you.
Tom was a heavy smoker most of his life.
I'm looking for full-time employment.
I asked Tom how long he'd studied French.
You could be the last one to do that.
I asked Tom if I could borrow some money.
Do you always come to work this early?
I asked Tom if I could close the windows.
How long will you be away from Boston?
Tom has been fined.
Tom has been mugged.
Tom has been contacted.
Tom has been urged to do that.
Tom has been taught to do that.
Tom has been seen doing that.
Tom hasn't yet been asked not to do that again.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to do that again.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to never do that again.
Tom hasn't been contacted.
I already plan on doing that.
I already plan to do that.
I asked Tom how long he'd lived in Boston.
I asked Tom how long he had lived in Boston.
Tom hasn't been bitten by a stray dog yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten by a stray dog.
I asked Tom if anybody was in the classroom.
I asked Tom if anyone was in the classroom.
Tom hasn't been bitten yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten.
I believe doing would be a mistake.
I believe doing that would be a mistake.
I asked Tom if he was planning on doing that.
I asked Tom if he was planning to do that.
Tom hasn't been blacklisted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been blacklisted.
I can do that and Tom can, too.
I can do that and so can Tom.
Tom hasn't been blamed for the mess yet.
Tom hasn't yet been blamed for the mess.
I believe I could do that.
I believe that I could do that.
Tom hasn't been blamed for the problem yet.
Tom hasn't yet been blamed for the problem.
I can do that better than anyone else.
I can do that better than anybody else.
I can do that faster than Tom can.
Tom hasn't been briefed about the situation yet.
Tom hasn't yet been briefed about the situation.
I can do that better than you.
I can do that way better than Tom.
Tom hasn't been brought in for questioning yet.
Tom hasn't yet been brought in for questioning.
I can do that faster than you.
I can do that faster than you can.
I'm sure I could convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure that I could convince Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't been brought to justice yet.
Tom hasn't yet been brought to justice.
I can do that way better than you can.
I can do that way better than you.
I've already told Tom I don't know how to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom hasn't been captured yet.
Tom hasn't yet been captured.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anybody they were planning to do that.
Tom hasn't been caught yet.
Tom hasn't yet been caught.
I need somebody to go with me.
Tom did that much better than I could've.
Tom did that a lot better than I could've.
Tom hasn't been charged with any crime yet.
Tom hasn't yet been charged with any crime.
I never claimed I could do that.
I never claimed that I could do that.
Tom hasn't been contacted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been contacted.
I think that doing would be a mistake.
Tom hasn't been accused of any crime yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of any crime.
Tom hasn't been convicted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been convicted.
I think doing would be a mistake.
Tom hasn't been accused of any wrongdoing yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of any wrongdoing.
Tom hasn't been cremated yet.
Tom hasn't yet been cremated.
I think that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom hasn't been accused of anything yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of anything.
Tom hasn't been demoted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been demoted.
Tom hasn't been accused of doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of doing that.
Tom hasn't been deported yet.
Tom hasn't yet been deported.
Tom hasn't been acquitted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been acquitted.
Tom hasn't been eliminated as a suspect yet.
Tom hasn't yet been eliminated as a suspect.
I think that I could do that.
Tom hasn't been advised to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been advised to do that.
Tom hasn't been evicted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been evicted.
Tom hasn't been appointed chairman yet.
Tom hasn't yet been appointed chairman.
Tom hasn't been executed yet.
Tom hasn't yet been executed.
I'm confident that I can do it.
Tom hasn't been apprehended yet.
Tom hasn't yet been apprehended.
Tom hasn't been exonerated yet.
Tom hasn't yet been exonerated.
I'm confident that I can do that.
Tom hasn't been arrested for doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been arrested for doing that.
Tom hasn't been expelled yet.
Tom hasn't yet been expelled.
I'm planning on doing that by myself.
I'm planning to do that by myself.
Tom hasn't been asked not to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been asked not to do that.
Tom is definitely planning one doing that.
Is anyone I know going to be there?
Is anybody I know going to be there?
Tom hasn't been asked to leave yet.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to leave.
Tom waited with everyone else.
Tom waited with everybody else.
Please remember to close the windows.
Please remember to shut the windows.
Tom hasn't been asked to resign yet.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to resign.
Tom was a bookworm when he was a kid.
Tom was a bookworm when he was a child.
You can do that if I want to.
You can do that if I want.
Tom hasn't been badly injured yet.
Tom hasn't yet been badly injured.
Tom was a lot faster at doing that than Mary was.
Tom was a lot faster at doing that than Mary.
You can do that wherever you want.
You can do that wherever you want to.
Tom hasn't been badly wounded yet.
Tom hasn't yet been badly wounded.
Tom was a picky eater when he was a kid.
Tom was a picky eater when he was a child.
You may do that anywhere you want to.
You may do that anywhere you want to do it.
Tom hasn't been beaten yet.
Tom hasn't yet been beaten.
Tom was hoping everyone would leave, so he could go to bed.
Tom was hoping everybody would leave, so he could go to bed.
Tom hasn't been bitten by a rattlesnake yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten by a rattlesnake.
Tom was waiting for someone to do that for him, but no one did, so he did it himself.
Tom was waiting for somebody to do that for him, but nobody did, so he did it himself.
You may do that wherever you want to.
Tom was with someone when I saw him.
Tom was with somebody when I saw him.
You should ask someone else to do that.
You should ask somebody else to do that.
Tom was working just as hard as everyone else.
Tom was working just as hard as everybody else.
Tom hasn't been bitten by a snake yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten by a snake.
I asked Tom if I could watch TV with him.
I apologized for doing that last week.
I asked Tom if he'd done that by himself.
I apparently shouldn't have done that.
I asked Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
I asked if I really needed to do that.
I think Tom was trying to hide something.
I could easily have done that for you.
Tom said he was a little behind schedule.
I usually only do that in the evening.
Tom was a car salesman for several years.
I'm not sure yet what I'm going to do.
Tom was a teacher here, but he got fired.
You could be the first one to do that.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his bicycle.
You'll have to show me how to do that.
I asked Tom if he thought I could do that.
How long will it take you to get here?
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that today.
How long will you be out of the office?
I've already asked Tom to stop doing that.
I asked if it would be safe to do that.
I've asked Tom to teach me how to do that.
I asked why he was required to do that.
Tom was a helicopter pilot during the war.
I began doing that when I was thirteen.
Tom was a lot busier than I was last week.
I can do that much better than you can.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his umbrella.
I could do that if I put my mind to it.
I asked Tom if I could go home early today.
I think I could have that done by 2:30.
I asked Tom if he really needed to do that.
Please give my compliments to the chef.
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that.
Do you always come to school this early?
I asked Tom if he thought he could do that.
I asked if it would be OK if I did that.
I asked Tom to give us more time to do that.
I can do that a lot better than you can.
I assured Tom that I'd never do that again.
I can keep doing that if you want me to.
Tom said he spent all day looking for Mary.
I admitted that I was tempted to do that.
Tom tried his best to get Mary to help him.
I asked if I really had to do that today.
Tom tried to do what he was supposed to do.
I began doing that when I was very young.
Tom tried to get Mary to agree to help him.
I don't know if I really want to do that.
Tom was a high school student at that time.
Maybe we should try a different approach.
I asked Tom if he had experience doing that.
I can do that again tomorrow if I have to.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with me.
I could force you to do that, but I won't.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with us.
I admitted that I was the one who did that.
I asked Tom to give me more time to do that.
I understand why you don't want to do that.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that again.
I'm not sure that's something I want to do.
Tom was a butcher in Boston for three years.
You're making a mountain out of a molehill.
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars.
I asked if I was really required to do that.
I asked Tom if he thought Mary could do that.
I asked if it would be dangerous to do that.
I asked Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
I could do that for you if you wanted me to.
I asked Tom why he did that the way I did it.
This is too heavy for me to carry by myself.
I can definitely do that better than Tom can.
Tom couldn't buy a car.
I could try doing that myself.
You can call me Tom, by the way.
Aren't you cold out here?
No, I do not know your brother.
Can you give me your telephone number, please?
Do you know my wife?
My doctor is very kind.
Tom needs a cognac.
Can I try your bicycle?
Where is my ticket?
Pardon, who are you?
I don't know any of Tom's brothers.
I don't know any of Tom's brothers. I don't know any of his sisters, either.
My name is Tom. Miss Fischer is my sister.
I am a colleague of Miss Mary Fischer.
The road to success is always under construction.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
What is the history of bread?
Bread allowed the formation of early human societies.
Tom hasn't promised me yet that he'd do that.
Tom hasn't yet promised me that he'd do that.
I saw Tom crossing the road.
I saw Tom running a red light.
My clothes got wet because it was pouring down rain.
I was supposed to be studying, but I watched TV instead.
Tom told me that we weren't supposed to be here.
I think I'm supposed to be helping Tom this afternoon.
Sami was never alone with Layla.
Sami didn't move again after that.
Sami will go home.
Sami decided to move back to Cairo.
Sami opened his door to strangers.
Sami might never be free again.
Sami could face life behind bars.
Sami is responsible.
Sami could have been the killer.
Sami had nothing to do with it.
Sami owned a quiet ranch home in Texas.
Sami has something else.
Sami's fingerprints are nowhere to be seen in this house.
Sami has been trying to reach Layla for weeks, with no luck.
Sami started to get panicky.
Sami was a caretaker who lived in a mobile home on the property of Layla Bakir.
Sami hasn't been in Layla's house for weeks.
Sami read Layla's suicide note.
Sami Bakir is one of the toughest prosecutors in New York state.
Sami's key to Layla's house doesn't work.
Sami Bakir is a psychiatrist.
Sami helped Layla finish some of the work around the ranch.
Sami sold the property.
Sami had plans to sell his Cairo home.
Sami remodeled his house to sell it.
Sami started to put a lot more money into his Cairo house.
Sami was the killer.
Sami's suitcases were missing.
Sami was born in Cairo in 1996.
Sami contemplated suicide.
Sami has spoken of suicide before.
Sami can't sing or act.
Sami liked to perform.
Sami wanted to be a dancer.
Sami took another route.
Sami misspelt certain words.
Sami was in one of Layla's films.
Sami often fought with his stepfather.
Sami really liked that.
Sami wanted to direct a film.
Sami's lawyer told the jurors that cops arrested the wrong person.
Sami's lawyer wanted to create reasonable doubt in the minds of the jurors.
Sami and Layla are the only two people who know the truth.
Sami wanted to make musicals.
Sami asked Layla about that himself.
Sami was liked by his crew.
Sami had ample time and ample opportunity to kill Layla.
Sami did not look like a film director.
Sami did not do drugs.
Sami visited Layla at the county jail.
Sami's movies developed a cult following.
Sami was suspected of the unthinkable.
Sami is convinced that he knows who really did this.
Sami was smart enough to listen to Layla's advice.
Sami has made his choice.
Sami wanted to watch the movie.
Sami tried to kill me.
Sami was my best friend, too.
Sami found himself in the middle of a real-life horror story.
Sami has grown frantic.
Sami was OK.
Sami was safe.
Sami worried about that.
Sami used Layla in almost every movie he made.
Sami and Layla married in 1976.
Sami will talk with Layla.
Sami had a tattoo on his shoulder.
Sami started a new comapny.
Sami tried his hand at a new game.
Sami knew Layla did that.
Sami and Layla were hit with devastating news.
Sami had cancer of the brain.
Sami devoted himself to Layla when she got ill.
Sami died in June of 1996.
Sami began killing at just 16 years old.
Sami was overwhelmed by grief.
Sami shot the movie in Egypt.
Sami needed to find an actress.
Sami called Layla the killer.
Sami was trying to recover from that terrible loss.
Sami read the script.
Sami loved the script.
Sami's kids are his whole life.
Sami would have died for his kids.
Sami knows Layla.
Sami was jetting around the world.
Sami is the one who did that to Layla.
Sami packed up for the next trip.
Sami was arrested.
Sami left the gate open that night.
Sami expected Layla to come.
Sami was charged of attempted murder of his own daughter.
Sami was arrested and handcuffed.
Sami poisoned his daughter.
Sami asked me questions.
Sami used to work for the previous owner of this house.
Sami gave Layla work.
Sami paid Layla.
Sami worked a deal with Layla.
Sami didn't met Layla see her daughter.
Sami's whole body was shaking.
Sami put Layla on one of his films.
Sami hired new actors.
Sami stood outside the hospital room.
Sami wanted to kill his own daughter to save himself.
Sami called to say thanks.
Sami didn't know who did it.
Sami promised Layla a car.
Sami sided with his daughter.
Sami didn't do any of those things that they're saying that he did.
Sami won't let you down.
Sami is lucky to have made it.
Sami met Layla for the first time.
Sami is waking up.
Sami said he had a tunnel vision.
Sami quickly learned that things were not as they appeared with Layla.
Sami tried to kill his own child.
Sami spoke to his lawyer on the phone.
Sami blamed his own child for something he knew he did.
Sami was lying on the floor.
Sami didn't take any pills.
Sami could fix that quickly.
Sami was the killer all along.
Sami stayed beside his daughter in that hospital room.
Sami was all alone.
Sami told Layla that he loved her.
Sami came to admire Layla for her fantastic work and honesty.
Sami's heart was beating 160 times a minute.
Sami was basically unresponsive.
Sami was trying to kill himself.
Sami saw Layla standing in the driveway.
Sami has been in and out of the house.
Sami offered to drink with Layla again.
Sami wanted to get drunk.
It's good, but it isn't good enough.
Sami got totally drunk.
It's good, but it's not good enough.
Sami was trying to cause friction between Farid and Layla.
Sami lost a piece of himself when he lost Layla.
Sami bought Layla drinks.
Tom is pretty good at baseball, but he's not good enough to play on our team.
Sami and Layla talked about it.
Sami was totally drunk.
Sami would never change.
Sami continued to drink it.
Sami too a drink of it.
Tom is pretty good at baseball, but he isn't good enough to play on our team.
Sami kept pushing Layla.
Sami wasn't buying any of it.
Sami retreated to his beloved Egypt.
Sami put something in a drink and gave it to Layla.
Tom wasn't a good enough player to make the team.
Sami wouldn't drink that.
Sami fixed the house up so he could sell it.
Sami read this note.
Sami didn't make eye contact with Layla.
Sami wrote the suicide note.
Sami stayed in this mobile home.
Sami fought with his stepfather.
Sami didn't have a nickname.
Sami hasn't said a word.
Sami was in a county jail.
Sami brought Layla a present.
Sami wanted to convince the jury that he didn't do that.
Sami tried to form a friendship with Layla.
Sami ordered this.
Sami is gonna kick your butt.
Sami played basketball.
Sami was angry with Layla.
Sami was in the house, too.
Sami was home alone with Layla.
Sami was treating Layla like a sister.
Sami was home.
Sami traveled for work.
Sami was secretly trying to kill his daugther.
Sami went to the room.
Sami took care of everything.
Sami slept until 6 o'clock.
Sami gave Layla his credit card to buy some supplies.
Sami tried to shake Layla but she didn't wake up.
Sami was showing little emotion on the stand.
Sami's room needs to be replastered.
Sami started acting like the boss.
Sami killed Layla by poisoning her with antifreeze.
Sami asked Layla a perplexing question.
Sami never seemed to really get along with Layla.
Sami tried to take over the role of caretaker for the property.
Sami was typing.
Sami typed a suicide note.
Sami didn't flinch.
Sami gave Layla a deadly drink.
Sami was napping in his bedroom.
Sami was an ambulance attendant.
Sami found that normal.
Sami was supposed to know that.
Sami is guilty as hell.
Sami started to notice that.
Sami threw his bag on the table.
Sami was waiting for the verdict.
Sami has been waiting for days.
Sami was waiting outside the courtroom.
Sami started taking control of everything.
Sami placed a padlock on the door.
Sami was brought back into the courtroom.
Sami was busy reviving his movie career.
Sami filmed the movie in Egypt.
Sami was overcome.
Sami knew that I didn't do it.
Sami just finished a screenplay.
Sami can't wait to tell Layla about that.
Sami was led out of the courtroom in handcuffs.
Sami doesn't deserve to see the light of day again.
Sami poisoned both Layla and Farid.
Sami Bakir is a tough prosecutor.
Sami wanted the work redone.
Sami didn't became a victim.
Sami almost died.
Sami was heartless.
Sami worked tirelessly for six years.
Sami hasn't received any letters.
Sami was borrowing from his brother for a long time.
Sami came to his office early.
Sami had an opportunity.
Sami sounded upset.
Sami is a killer.
Sami thought Farid and Karim were buddies.
Sami's mother tried to kill him.
Sami agreed to dismiss Layla.
Sami removed Layla's name from his credit card.
Sami hates his mother.
Sami played God with people.
Sami was the one who did this.
Sami didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Sami will survive.
Sami is now surrounded by people who love him.
Sami said that a number of times.
Sami can't explain these charges.
Sami showed Layla the receipts.
Sami killed six people and tried to kill Layla.
Sami is alone.
Sami showed up for his lunch with Layla.
Sami was on the other side.
Sami is not going to give up on Layla.
Sami asked that question one more time.
Sami didn't do that.
Sami tried to kill his own daughter.
Sami left to head home.
Sami tried to get hold of his brother.
Sami didn't return.
Sami agreed to talk to Layla one more time.
Sami is not the killer.
Sami forgot the appointment with Layla.
Sami will maintain his innocence until the day he dies.
Sami said he didn't get a fair trial.
Sami is already working on an appeal.
Sami didn't return Layla's phone calls.
Sami was supposed to be back by then.
Sami wasn't allowed to ask those questions.
Sami was in the jury room.
Sami picked up the phone and called Layla.
Sami took the stand and testified.
Sami showed the picture to Layla.
Sami would not just disappear like that.
Sami didn't want to remember that.
Sami had the opportunity and the time to commit that crime.
Sami is appealing for a new trial.
Sami is 26 years old.
Sami killed himself with antifreeze.
Sami was accused of killing Layla with antifreeze.
Sami started dug through sixteen inches of concrete.
Sami was lying on his side in a semi-fetal position.
Sami graduated, too.
Sami used to ask himself the same question.
Sami said he loved Layla very much.
Sami cried for four days.
Sami's appeals have so far been unsuccessful.
Sami wants nothing to do with Layla or her family.
Sami's life stopped.
Sami and Layla were laid to rest side by side.
Sami had a lot of new friends.
Sami claimed to be the ranch's owner.
Sami was plotting murder.
Sami was hired by Layla to look after things.
Sami's confession was caught on tape.
Sami revealed a shocking truth.
Sami was an arsonist.
Sami cashed Layla's check.
Sami was a respected leader in the community.
Sami wanted to win the lottery.
Sami was found dead, buried in his own home in Cairo.
Sami wanted to kill Layla.
Sami wanted to steal the money.
Sami moved money from one of his offshore accounts into another.
Sami was six feet under the ground.
Sami's incredible story began in Egypt.
Sami hired some workers to help out with the house renovations.
Sami lived in the outskirts of this sleepy town.
Sami got paid.
Sami's check was signed on the back.
Sami deposited two checks at the bank.
Sami was illiterate.
Sami stepped out of the phone booth.
Sami was down on his luck.
Sami's car was located in Egypt.
Sami moved from a poor house to a penthouse overnight.
Sami bought himself a brand new car.
Sami was charged with first degree homicide.
Sami didn't stick to the script.
Sami was frustrated that it ended this way.
Sami was eventually cleared of any wrongdoing.
Sami wrote the check to Layla.
Sami is a crime writer.
Sami was extradited to Canada in June.
Sami flew back to Egypt.
Sami was wearing a suit.
Sami was losing his fortune.
Sami gave money to everybody.
Sami's millions slipped away.
Sami was trying to emulate his father.
Sami wished he could go back to his old self.
Sami wished he didn't have money.
Sami was all over the news.
Sami claimed to be interested in Layla herself.
Sami claimed she wanted to write a book about Layla.
Sami checked into Layla's background.
Sami had a kind heart.
Sami asked Layla to help him out.
Sami purchased this house to be his office.
Sami asked for money all the time.
Sami was killed the same way.
Sami was going to be fired.
Sami saw Layla driving around town with Farid.
Sami came back.
Sami hired two men to dig up the bathtub.
Sami has skipped town.
Sami has simply left on his own.
Sami reached out to Layla.
Sami would like to see Layla hung.
Sami was going through some bank issues.
Sami had a proposal for Layla.
Sami was having dinner with Layla's mother when his phone rang.
Sami was in cahoots with Layla.
Sami missed Layla's love of life.
Sami bought a can of Red Bull.
Sami hid here.
Sami was a lottery winner.
Sami was pulled over by the cops.
Sami pretended to be Farid.
Sami was a victim of Layla's manipulation.
Sami put Layla to work.
Sami trapped Layla.
Sami scammed Layla.
Sami was a magnet for scammers.
Sami visited a shopping center.
Sami talked to Layla's mother.
Sami had no police experience whatsoever.
Sami was an undercover police operative.
Sami told Layla what he could do.
Sami told Layla that.
Sami paid Layla to do this.
Sami was building a good relationship with Layla.
Sami told the cops Layla was dead.
Sami's new habits led him to a terrible fate.
Sami was alive and well.
Sami heard Layla's voice.
Sami's name was not to be brought up during that conversation.
Sami called Layla just a few minutes later.
Sami was there watching.
Sami would never, ever forget it.
Sami was a bit worried about Layla.
Sami put himself in harm's way.
Sami is a drug dealer from Egypt.
Sami was weaving a tangled web.
Sami had to go check.
Sami came to mourn Layla.
Sami was dumbfounded.
Sami knew where the body was.
Sami was speaking to Layla's killer.
Sami's body is on Layla's property.
Sami might need that.
Sami gave Layla a Smith & Wesson pistol.
Sami's body was dug up on Layla's property.
Sami was still dancing.
Sami found a puddle of dried blood.
Sami tried to blame the murder on someone else.
Sami checked the place out.
Sami was the real killer.
Sami looked in the closet.
Sami threatened to kill Layla if she said anything.
Sami had an imaginary friend.
Sami has been working with the cops all along.
Sami almost vomitted.
Sami arrived almost immediately.
Sami was just horrified.
Sami was just terrified.
Sami put a bag over his head.
Sami started telling so many lies.
Sami lost his wallet.
Sami lost his life.
Sami was in custody.
Sami loved to tell jokes.
Sami took extreme calculated steps to avoid detection.
Sami has recently divorced his second wife.
Sami turned off the microphone.
Sami has reason to be upset.
Sami was Layla's first grandchild and she adored him.
Sami became a key witness.
Sami was building a relationship back with his father.
Sami wanted to know about all of Layla's exes.
Sami and Layla had a pretty weird relationship growing up.
Sami knew nothing about Layla's evil intention.
Sami buried Layla in his backyard.
Sami buried Layla on his property.
Sami instructed Layla to tell people that Farid was still alive.
Sami was confused.
Sami claimed Layla killed Farid.
Sami knew who to blame if he got caught.
Sami is done writing.
Sami made a fake phone call to Layla, pretending to be Farid.
Sami had his shirt unbuttoned a little bit more than he used to.
Sami was illiterate. He could neither read nor write.
Sami was devious and manipulative.
Sami has a sociopathic mind.
Sami is a complete idiot.
Sami still thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Sami was going through an identity crisis.
Sami still had one appeal left.
Sami was buying things to make himself appear greater than he was in real life.
Sami found that entertaining.
Sami can convince anyone of anything.
Sami only knew Layla for six months.
Sami found out about this.
Sami was hiding many secrets.
Sami was a movie producer.
Sami was Layla's biographer.
Sami was looking for love in all the wrong places.
Sami was very embarrassed when his father started seeing women.
Sami helps people out when they're in need.
Sami isn't naive.
Sami phoned an escort service and asked for one of his regular girls.
Sami possessed a firearm.
Sami was struck by Layla's beauty.
Sami accompanied Layla over to Farid's home.
Sami would never harm another human being.
Sami became very enamored with Layla.
Sami is not a mean person.
Sami dressed well.
Sami blamed Layla's bad lawyer.
Sami could adapt to whatever the situation was.
Sami made the decision not to do that.
Sami was trying to frame Layla.
Sami didn't fit that stereotype.
Sami was an easy target.
Sami had a band of killers.
Sami was enthralled with Layla.
Sami ran a brothel.
Sami was a drug dealer.
Sami is not a magician.
Sami was recording Layla.
Sami was flirting with Layla.
Sami didn't go back.
Sami's life was a stake.
Sami appreciated Layla's company.
Sami was monopolizing Layla's time and money.
Sami had to ask Layla's permission.
I asked if I really had to do that by myself.
I think I forgot to tell Tom about the party.
I can definitely do that better than you can.
I've asked Tom many times to stop doing that.
I have a doctor's appointment this afternoon.
Tom used to be a better chess player than me.
I think I could do that if you showed me how.
Tom was a bit chubby the last time I saw him.
You could do that if you put your mind to it.
Tom was a bit taller than I was at that time.
I admitted that I was the one who'd done that.
Tom was a construction worker for many years.
I tried my best, but I wasn't able to do that.
Tom was a paramedic before he went to prison.
I began doing that when I was living in Boston.
Tom was a taxi driver in Boston at that time.
I could do that farily well when I was younger.
Tom was a trombone player in the school band.
I admitted that I didn't really want to do that.
I asked Tom for something he couldn't give me.
I admitted that I was the one who had done that.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that on Monday.
I asked if I really needed to do that by myself.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with Mary.
I can probably do that in less than three hours.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
I confessed that I was the one who had done that.
I bet Tom thirty dollars that I could do that.
I admitted I wasn't actually the one who did that.
Tom said he spent all day trying to find Mary.
I admitted I wasn't the one who actually did that.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.
I admitted that I didn't really know how to do that.
Tom was a lot shorter than me in kindergarten.
I can probably get that done in less than three hours.
Tom was a lot taller than me when we were kids.
I could be doing that now if I didn't have to be here.
Tom was a school bus driver up until last year.
I admitted that I wasn't really interested in doing that.
I asked Tom if I could see his driver's license.
Sami was a convicted murderer.
Sami was set to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Sami was angry at Layla.
Sami played the lotto.
Sami wanted to settled down and have a real life.
Sami drove for long hours between Cairo and Aswan.
Sami was hoping for good luck.
Sami took that from Layla.
Sami is appealing that judgment.
Sami was walking around with his shirt unbuttoned.
Sami's behavior bothered Layla.
Sami lived in a tight-knit town.
Sami drove for hours.
Sami lives just miles from the Egyptian border.
Sami and Layla decided to raise a family in Cairo.
Sami became a volunteer fire fighter.
Sami was a fire chief.
Sami spent long hours at the fire station.
Sami was crying a lot.
Sami took Layla shopping.
Sami's work life got a lot more complicated.
Sami just dropped by to say hi.
Sami was investigating, too.
Sami used Layla's bathroom.
Sami didn't even sit down and relax.
Sami started the fire.
Sami wouldn't understand.
Sami's love for Layla was costing him.
Sami might be allergic to something.
Sami sensed that something was going on.
Sami wanted to harm himself.
Sami was arrested for arson.
Sami was charged with starting the fire.
Sami was at a fisherman's campground.
Sami was surprised.
Sami got rid of the dog.
Sami's strange behavior continued.
Sami shocked Layla with that question.
Sami came down here.
Sami urinated.
Sami followed Layla's footsteps in the snow.
Sami set fire to the shed.
Sami hid behind a pine tree.
Sami didn't want to part with that car.
Sami wanted to make it up to Layla.
Sami promised Layla to take her shopping.
Sami couldn't bear to part with the car.
Sami brought the gas can there.
Sami went to the back of the building.
Sami realized that Layla was falling in love with him.
Sami wanted to set the shed on fire.
Sami left his business in Cairo and move in with Layla.
Sami's newborn son was constantly crying.
Sami started a fire.
Sami drove Layla down there.
Sami hanged out with his fellow fire fighters.
Sami took us to the scene of one of those fires.
Sami minimized his crimes.
Sami has even more to reveal.
Sami was caught in 2006.
Sami was charged with setting fire to federal land.
Sami is a pyromaniac.
Sami and Layla were smiling.
Sami had a temporary adjustment disorder.
Sami's reputation was up in smoke.
Sami's yelling was just a prelude to what was going to happen later.
Sami spent six years in a federal prison.
Sami and Layla had six children all under the age of twelve.
Sami should have thought of that.
Sami is serving his sentence in a federal medical center.
Sami showed resilience.
Sami managed to survive.
Sami's dream was to visit the Amazon forest.
Sami was so concerned for Layla.
Sami served in the Egyptian navy.
Sami met some new friends.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about that.
Sami lost his son's mother and that was the part that wrought his heart.
Sami's death has really saddened Layla.
Sami was an Egyptian photographer.
Sami claimed to be a geologist.
Sami was in the deep jungle.
Sami was lying on his stomach.
Sami and Layla barely knew each other.
This is also me. Sometimes I'm so fired up that I can't think.
Sami was lying, covered in blooded with a plastic bag wrapped around his head.
Sami went into a rage and just didn't know when to stop.
Sami pressed through in the dense jungle.
Sami was not a geologist at all.
Sami was a criminal in search of gold.
Sami bought a raft.
Sami was stranded for a few days.
Sami found himself alone.
Sami was murdered in a vicious brutal attack.
Sami was in constant danger.
Sami almost drowned.
Sami's name appeared twice on the list.
Sami was dating a few girls, but nothing serious.
Sami scavenged for food.
Sami ate monkeys.
Sami wanted to keep that information just to himself.
Sami knew that that would upset Layla.
Sami had an infected wound.
Sami heard the buzzing of an engine.
Sami was with a local searching for Layla.
Sami was never found.
Sami is a motivational speaker.
Sami was a 26 year old sailor.
Sami noticed that there was someting wrong.
Sami's killer was on the run.
Sami kept bickering.
Sami's body was found violently stabbed and bludgeoned in his home.
Sami may know what happened.
Sami was caught in a fierce storm.
Sami died in an accident.
Sami had time to let the coastguard he was having trouble.
Sami was eventually eaten by sharks.
Sami suffered a horrible wound to his leg.
Sami started to put the dots together.
Sami soon died.
Sami wrote two books about the ordeal.
Sami climbed a remote mountain in Canada.
Sami left the base camp on Saturday.
Sami slipped and fell.
Sami immediately knew he broke his leg.
Sami lowered Layla down the mountain slowly.
Sami did the same thing over and over again.
Sami tried his luck one more time.
Sami fell.
Sami knew he had to cut the rope.
Sami tried to electrocute Layla.
Sami would die, too.
Sami was executed on June, 6, 2006.
Sami couldn't see anything.
Sami tattooed vampire bite marks on his neck.
Sami spent the next six days without food or water.
Sami died alone.
Sami said Layla worshipped Satan.
Sami heard Layla call out his name.
Sami got involved with a prostitute.
Sami managed to reach civilization.
Sami got back to base camp.
Sami's killer was on the loose.
Sami turned down the volume.
Sami condemned Layla for what he had done.
Sami locked the door.
Sami was trained by the Canadians in special operations.
Sami somehow managed to make it.
Jim sympathized with the Nazis.
Sami marched for days in the desolate cold.
Sami reached out to the media.
Sami gave Layla a pair of boots.
Sami walked at night to avoid German sentries.
Sami wasn't able to see anything.
Sami stumbled across a small village.
Sami pulled off to the side of the road.
Sami was driving by.
Sami was nursed back to health.
Sami was so relieved.
Sami gave Layla some food and water.
Sami promised to return with more help.
Sami needed more men.
Sami was left alone again.
Sami amputated his toes to avoid infection.
Sami spent six days in that cave.
Sami was able to fully recover.
Sami was released.
Sami was last seen sailing with another fisherman in 2006.
Sami hurt the woman he loved.
Sami's boat was blown off course.
Sami was doing a lot of LSD at the time.
Sami was forced to dump his catch in an effort to stabilize his boat.
Sami saw snakes coming out from the hole.
Sami has drifted too far from Egypt's shore.
Sami survived by capturing fish with his bare hands.
Sami told Layla he would protect her.
Sami captured seabirds and drank their blood.
Sami was stabbing Layla.
Sami went several days without eating anything.
Sami couldn't stop it from happening.
Sami drank the milk.
Sami spent most days crying in despair.
Sami got sick from eating a seabird.
Sami passed away soon after.
Sami was alone.
Sami kept himself busy by letting his imagination run wild.
Sami visited his mother.
Sami landed on the Falkland Islands.
Sami survived 6 days adrift on the open ocean.
Sami's men were rounded up and killed.
Sami dragged Layla's body into a closet.
Sami had dinner and went to bed.
Sami wanted to get to the safety of Switzerland.
Sami guided Layla through everything.
Sami turned Layla in.
Sami wandered for six days.
Sami loved to be on LSD.
Sami spotted a house.
Sami said Satan told him to sacrifice Layla.
Sami feared the infection on his leg would spread further.
Sami decided to amputate his big toe.
Sami had his car painted silver.
Sami's mom is distraught.
Sami dressed Layla up like a Catholic schoolgirl.
Sami sustained some physical and emotional abuse.
Sami wanted to rip Layla's head off.
Sami endured a difficult childhood.
Sami is a deceitful killer.
Sami wanted to avoid punishment.
Sami talked to the media.
Sami is a clinical psychologist.
Sami convinced Layla that he was serious.
Sami enjoyed the attention.
Sami wanted to play the victim.
Sami was trying to get away with it.
Sami is a university student.
Sami was sentenced to 26 years to life.
Sami tried to divert suspicion.
Sami pushed Layla off the cliff.
Sami got cocky.
Sami was very easy to like.
Sami did have an affair with Layla.
Sami would help you out if you needed help.
Sami never saw a bad side to Layla.
Sami worked at the hospital as an orderly.
Sami was very chatty, often oversharing information.
Sami wasn't good at keeping secrets.
Sami moved back to Egypt to enjoy married life with his new wife.
Sami rewrote his will, adding Layla as a major beneficiary.
Sami has never seen Layla in his life.
Sami rang his mom, saying he was going camping for a night at the national park.
Sami pitched his tent right here.
Sami never went camping in his life. He hated it.
Sami left his tent at dusk to go to the toilet.
Sami was shackled to his hospital bed.
Sami admitted to Layla that he had planned to murder Farid.
Sami was still seeing Layla.
Sami was pulling the strings.
Sami committed the crime.
Sami encouraged Layla to do it.
Sami shot his roommate.
Sami and Layla never lived together.
Sami agreed to testify against Layla.
Sami pulled the trigger but Layla pulled the strings.
Sami maintained his innocence through the trial.
Sami demanded the house be solely in his name.
Sami planned it.
Sami was appointed co-director.
Sami wanted to kill Layla and take over her estate.
Sami wasn't prosecuted on murder.
Samil failed Layla.
Sami cancelled his will.
Sami was sentenced to serve 160 years.
Sami told Layla to cancel her will.
Sami had a fight with his daughter.
Sami's daughter was a lovely gentle person.
Sami wanted Layla to cancel her will.
Sami will spend his life in jail.
Sami and Layla started a new church in Ontario.
Sami swore to tell the truth.
Sami was a pedophile.
Sami is married to a beautiful Egyptian girl who lives in Cairo.
Sami came to save Layla.
Sami took Layla for lunch.
Sami changed his last name.
Sami's request was denied.
Sami felt very sad and disappointed at Layla.
Sami has done irreparable damage to his life.
Sami has exhausted his legal avenues.
Sami seduced one of the female guards.
Sami never preached again.
Sami has been sitting in this detention facility for six years.
Sami figured out how he would do it.
Sami snucked out of the prison in the back of a van driven by a compromised guard.
Sami is paying the consequences.
Sami got in his car and drove off.
Sami became more isolated.
Sami was really struggling.
Sami got out of prison.
Sami changed his appearance and adopted the name Farid Bakir.
Sami was like an insomniac.
Sami dug into Layla's case for a book.
Sami depended on sleeping tablets.
Tom was a pretty good basketball player in high school.
Do you always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Tom said he was hoping that Mary would do that for him.
Do you always eat lunch at the same time every day?
I asked Tom a lot of questions that he couldn't answer.
Do you have to walk to school every day?
Tom was very satisfied with the work Mary did for him.
Do you have to stay in Boston all week?
Tom was a part-time carpenter while he was in college.
Do you have more than one girlfriend?
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that by himself.
Do you get along with your coworkers?
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars from him.
Do both of you have the same opinion?
Tom was much richer than me before I won the lottery.
Do you have to do your homework now?
Tom was a junior in high school when I first met him.
Do you ever write letters in French?
Tom said he had to wait in line for over three hours.
Do you enjoy watching horror movies?
Three years ago, Tom was a better swimmer than I was.
Do you know why we have to do this?
Tom was working at his desk the last time I saw him.
Do you have the ability to do that?
Tom was very interested in sports when he was young.
Do you have to pay for everything?
Tom was a lot busier last week than he is this week.
Tom was a history teacher before he became a lawyer.
Do you have to work on Saturdays?
I bet Tom thirty dollars that Mary wouldn't do that.
Do you have to do that every day?
I asked Tom why he didn't try doing that by himself.
Do you have to be doing that now?
I asked Tom if any of his sisters were still single.
Do you have the skill to do that?
Tom tried to get Mary's attention, but he couldn't.
Do you have to go anywhere else?
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a new trumpet.
Do you have to be here tomorrow?
It looked like Tom was wearing a new pair of shoes.
I think Tom is waiting for someone to pick him up.
Do you get to Boston very often?
Tom was with a customer, so I didn't talk to him.
Do you often hug your children?
Tom was a pretty good singer when he was younger.
Do you have to stay home today?
Tom was a guitar teacher before he became famous.
Do you have to do that today?
Tom was a few inches shorter than Mary last year.
Do you have to do that again?
Tom thinks he's found a way to solve the problem.
Do you have an older brother?
I assured Tom that I wouldn't ever do that again.
Do you ever wear short pants?
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that this morning.
Do you always talk this much?
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that today.
Do you have lots of friends?
I asked Tom if he really thought I could do that.
Do you have a tennis racket?
I asked Tom if any of his sisters were unmarried.
Do you have to leave today?
Tom was unwilling to do what I wanted him to do.
Do you get paid to do that?
Tom thinks he's found a solution to the problem.
Do you have a snowboard?
Do you know how much Tom gets paid to do that?
Didn't you know I was hoping Tom would win?
Do you have to do this?
Do you always do what Tom asks you to do?
Do you have to be here?
Do you know how much Tom paid for that?
Do you play the drums?
Do you ever help Tom with his homework?
Don't you ever smile?
Do you have a key to Tom's apartment?
Do you have any sons?
Do you go to the same school as Tom?
Do you have a guitar?
Do you always speak French to Tom?
Do you ever tell Tom what to do?
Do you do that a lot?
Did you help Tom wash windows?
Do you have a piano?
Do you ever get mad at Tom?
Do you go out often?
Do you ever fight with Tom?
Do you have a boat?
Do you ever argue with Tom?
Do you have to help Tom?
Do you always win?
Do you cry a lot?
Do you ever call Tom?
Do you eat pork?
Do you help Tom?
Do you eat eggs?
How does a cow go?
I feel it's still not too late to act.
The fox decided to go and visit the geese.
Stand out.
If you had studied harder, you would have passed the exam.
I don't have too much money, so any food will do as long as it's cheap.
Any flower will do as long as it's pretty.
As long as you are by my side, I'm happy.
We'll be fine as long as we have money.
I can do the math as long as I have a calculator.
This is exactly what we wanted, isn't it?
If that is possible, I would like to see it.
The bank closes in three minutes. Hurry!
What is the history of the potato?
Initially, Europeans distrusted the potato and nicknamed it "the devil's apple".
The potato was an important food source for the Spanish army.
This little girl is going to cost us an arm and a leg!
Any normal person definitely does not understand such sentences. They go in one ear and out the other.
Don't touch my sauce.
She's taking an enviable position.
She ignored me for a year.
You can't make me translate.
Hurry up or we'll be late!
I'm staying at a small guesthouse.
I too am staying at the guesthouse.
We are all staying at the guesthouse.
How does she do her job?
How does he do his job?
The news annoyed her very much.
Did you know that Tom was gay?
Sami changed his name and officially became a Bakir.
Sami found work in Cairo.
Sami is now lying in a morgue.
Sami's clothes had Layla's blood on them.
Sami was high on adrenaline.
Sami turned evidence on Layla.
Sami will be dead before the day is out.
Sami was knifed twenty-six times.
Sami stabbed Layla in the throat.
Sami was ready to turn on anyone.
Sami exhauted his appeals.
Sami is serving his life sentence in Cairo.
Sami's past caught up to him.
Sami accepted his full responsibility for the gruesome murder.
Sami is in a better place than we are.
Sami never thought bad of anyone.
Sami never comes out.
Sami was smoking marijuana when he answered the door.
Sami identified himself.
Sami was arrested and offered no resistance.
Sami sat in solitary confinement.
Sami read that book.
Sami came across that passage in the Bible.
Sami needs our help.
Sami never answers the door.
Sami wanted them.
Sami is an Army sergeant.
Sami was forced to leave his family behind.
Sami is a professional people searcher.
Sami is Layla's only hope.
Sami would do what he can to help Layla get a fair trial.
Sami was persuasive.
Sami was convicted.
Sami's kids were adopted.
Sami is praying for Layla.
Sami got rid of Layla.
Sami remained convinced of Layla's guilt.
Sami admitted to himself what he had done.
Sami and Layla are both alive.
Sami will never forgive Layla.
Sami and Layla were about to be reunited.
Sami told us the story.
Sami and Layla were making plans to come together.
Sami is a professional people finder.
Sami was back.
Sami's job is to help people find their missing loved ones.
Sami didn't want anyone in his house.
Sami and Layla joined forces.
Sami owned a luxurious home.
Sami vowed to fight for Layla.
Sami did this to Layla.
Sami doesn't know who shot him.
Sami worked his way to the top.
Sami didn't see who shot him.
Sami is gonna try hard.
Sami moved to Cairo from Alexandria.
Sami is helping his father.
Sami grew up knowing his brothers only as pictures on a wall.
Sami has amassed a considerable fortune.
Sami offered children in need a place in his home.
Sami never lost hope.
Sami thought Layla could help him.
Sami felt outcast.
Sami is an investigative genealogist.
Sami made a heart-stopping revelation.
Sami met Layla when he was going through some family problems.
Sami offered to give Layla a place to stay.
Sami was looking for a place to stay.
Sami was desperately looking for someone to help him.
Sami rescued Layla from the streets of Cairo.
Sami knew Layla's family.
Sami couldn't read very well.
Sami officially adopted Layla.
Sami wanted to have a child.
Sami didn't really accept his son for what he was.
Sami wanted a son that would carry his name.
Sami bought Layla a small condo in Cairo.
Sami made a heart-warming revelation.
Sami took to his new Hollywood lifestyle.
Sami liked the Hollywood lifestyle.
Sami insisted Layla get a job.
Sami got Layla a job at the swimming pool.
Sami hired someone to do this.
Sami can't fix it.
Sami too was adopted.
Sami is putting his years of experience to help Layla.
Sami didn't understand it that way.
Sami's story began in 1966.
Sami lives half a wolrd away.
Sami had a vision for Layla of having a normal life.
Sami bought Layla hotdog cart.
Sami was driven to make his vision be reality.
Sami hoped to have Layla have her own business.
Sami didn't like to go to work.
Sami rushed Layla to the hospital in Cairo.
Sami set eyes for the first time on those two little babies.
Sami succumbed to AIDS.
Sami was proud.
Sami never recovered from the loss of his wife.
Sami lost his best friend.
Sami tried to be strong.
Sami always drank milk.
Sami opened the bottle.
Sami was worried about Layla.
Sami named his twin sons Farid and Karim.
Sami called Layla sometimes.
Sami started drinking more at that time.
Sami has got some mail from Layla.
Sami spiralled out of control.
Sami could not get his family back to Egypt.
Sami didn't have a passport.
Sami kept asking for money.
Sami has probably spent all the money by now.
Sami's letter sent Layla over the edge.
Sami kept sending Layla money.
Sami wanted to get back to Egypt and his family so badly.
Sami was hoping to be able to visit his children in Egypt.
Sami finally got to Egypt.
Sami had to leave to return to the war.
Sami and Layla went with Farid to the airport.
Sami would never fill the void that Farid left.
Sami couldn't turn around.
Sami headed for Cairo for a week.
Sami met Layla in Cairo.
Sami has saved the snapshot.
Sami could hear in Layla's voice a child-like excitement.
Sami made Layla feel so young.
Sami had no way of knowing it.
Sami was lovely to look at.
Sami thought Layla was the one.
Sami and Layla traveled.
Sami's letters kept bouncing back from Egypt.
Sami sent Layla many letters but they kept bouncing back from Egypt.
Sami vanished somewhere in Egypt, taking the children with him.
Sami worked as a machinist in a factory.
Sami was spending more and more time with Layla.
Sami tended to Layla's mention.
Sami spoke to his dad.
Sami started a family in Egypt.
Sami's shower is broken again.
Sami and Layla were enjoying themselves.
Sami was getting tired of doing that.
Sami called Layla when he needed something.
Sami did everything he could with the resources he had.
Sami remembers Layla.
Sami didn't have any compassion.
Sami was bothered by Layla's presence.
Sami and Layla had a romantic dinner.
Sami was playing the music.
Sami and Layla started butting heads together.
Sami was searching for his twins.
Sami was suspicious of Layla's interest in his father.
Sami was suspicious of Layla's interest in his father.
Sami was suspicious of Layla's interest in his father.
Sami was suspicious of Layla's interest in his father.
Sami was stationed at an army airfield.
Sami and Layla were out of each other's league.
Sami didn't think that Layla belonged in the home.
Sami married a young gay guy.
Sami is an author.
Sami showed Layla a letter that broke his heart.
Sami was abandoned by his Canadian father in Egypt.
Sami started abusing his privileges.
Sami left the dishes on the table.
Sami brought a girlfriend with him.
Sami didn't care for that.
Sami pushed his son to move permanently into the condo to alleviate the growing tension.
Sami wanted to alleviate the growing tension between his son and his second wife.
Sami had no rights.
Sami's twins have been adopted together in Egypt.
Sami got a mysterious Facebook message from Egypt from a woman who claimed to be his mother.
Sami's mansion became neglected.
Sami drops by every once in a while.
Sami pulled back the curtain on the 6-decade mystery.
Sami's house is too much for a man to clean up.
Sami trusted Layla a hundred percent.
Sami wanted to figure out his mother's identity.
Sami died in 2006.
Sami visited an adoption agency.
Sami and Farid got together and hung out.
Sami worked at the agency.
Sami brought in the mail.
Sami had twins.
Sami cooked the meals.
Sami did errands for Layla.
Sami cleaned the dishes.
Sami published his story on Facebook.
Sami has no right to access the adoption records.
Sami was a well respected man.
Sami and Layla are siblings.
Sami welcomed Layla to his house.
Sami is the twins' older brother.
Sami is married with children.
Sami resented Layla.
Sami returned from Cairo with Layla.
Sami arrived late last night.
Sami is not pleased with that.
Sami believes Layla abandoned him.
Sami went to visit Layla and her husband in person.
Sami's little sister vanished.
Sami asked his mother about his twin brothers and she told him that his father had taken them to Egypt.
Sami was disowned by his family.
Sami was pressuring Layla to get Farid out of the house.
Sami's behavior was causing tension in the relationship between his mother and his stepfather.
Sami was a mixed-race baby.
Tom doesn't believe in astrology.
When my aunt talks, all I hear is yackety-yak because I couldn't care less about her conspiracy theories!
Your company reimburses your money when you pay for business expenses out of pocket.
A kidult isn't a kid who acts like an adult; it's an adult who acts like a kid.
AI will solve it all.
Now there's artificial intelligence, your own intelligence is irrelevant,
The ocean waves shimmer in the sunlight.
A 25-year-old man's recommended dietary allowance of iron is 8 micro-grams.
Marie expects her husband to always roll out the red carpet for her and treat her like a celebrity.
Tom couldn't attend the seminar in Paris, so he signed up for a similar webinar online.
Patty has gender identity disorder because she's a woman who feels like a man.
I greeted the students with a handshake.
I couldn't do that today.
Tom was a trucker.
I decided that I'd do that.
I ordered Tom do that.
I couldn't make you do that.
Tom was a trumpet player.
I decided to try doing that.
Tom was my violin teacher.
I've decided to sell my car.
Tom was a typical teenager.
I decided to do that instead.
I couldn't make Tom do that.
I could've done that on my own.
I ordered Tom do that for me.
I decided to do that by myself.
Tom was a typical teenage boy.
I decided to do that on my own.
Tom was a wimp in high school.
I definitely needed to do that.
Tom was able to do that as well.
I don't really like doing that.
I could stop Tom from doing that.
I won't be in Boston on Monday.
I could teach Tom how to do that.
I've decided that I'll do that.
Tom was about thirty at that time.
I couldn't force you to do that.
Tom was about thirty minutes late.
I know that I shouldn't be here.
I demanded that Tom do that for me.
I never had a chance to do that.
Tom was able to do that by himself.
I've decided to do that instead.
I could prevent Tom from doing that.
I could stop you from doing that.
I couldn't stop Tom from doing that.
I could teach you how to do that.
I decided to let Tom do that for me.
I definitely won't do that with Tom.
The coffee is for me and the tea is for you.
Why didn't you eat lunch today?
Why did you skip lunch today?
Do you know where the train station is?
We got off the bus at the station.
We got off the bus at the train station.
They've never visited Australia.
I've never visited Australia.
Tom read his son a story.
I could probably do that alone.
I could probably do that by myself.
I could probably do that on my own.
I could probably do that without anybody's help.
I could probably do that without anyone's help.
I definitely plan on doing that.
I definitely plan to do that.
I deliberately did that.
I did that deliberately.
I denied I was the one who did that.
I denied that I was the one who did that.
I denied I was the one who wrote that letter.
I denied that I was the one who wrote that letter.
I did that as fast as I was able to.
I got out of there as fast as I could.
I got out of there as fast as I was able to.
I ran as fast as I was able to.
I think Tom was about ready to do that.
I think that Tom was about ready to do that.
I've decided to give my old bicycle to Tom.
I've decided to give Tom my old bicycle.
Tom was a very fussy eater when he was a kid.
Tom was a very fussy eater when he was a child.
Tom was able to run faster than me when we were kids.
Tom was able to run faster than me when we were children.
Tom wasn't able to come to our party.
Tom couldn't come to our party.
We definitely plan on doing that.
We definitely plan to do that.
I decided to continue doing that.
Tom looked like he was about to cry.
I've decided to buy the blue car.
Tom and I used to be the same weight.
I decided that I wouldn't do that.
Tom was a university student in 2013.
I've decided I'll do that instead.
Tom was a very popular kid in school.
I've decided to do that by myself.
Tom was able to take care of himself.
I decided I wouldn't do that.
I would like to pay, please.
Your father is a good-looking man.
The stores are closed on Sunday.
Mary shows the old burgh to her aunt and uncle.
Mary is single and independent.
"Mary, the coffee is too strong for me." "Oh, I am sorry. Perhaps add a little milk."
Give me a kilo of tomatoes, please.
Tom shows his camera to his brother.
A dictionary is a reference book.
It would be great, if you came to live with me.
It would have been great, if you had come to live with me.
My upper left back tooth hurts.
Try to keep her occupied.
Try to keep him occupied.
Try to keep Tom occupied.
Try to keep Tom busy.
Try to keep Tom from doing that.
Try to keep Tom from leaving early.
Try to keep Tom happy.
Tom showed his camera to Mary.
I feel happiest when I'm at school.
Shattered bones and crushed flesh won't cancel your debts; One word of insight is worth ten million words of apology
Later people will look on us of the present just as we of the present look upon those in the past
He always brought problems to his classmates.
Are all the passengers on board?
I feel the happiest when I'm at school.
This is not the first time you've been late.
This was the first time I lied to Mary.
You steal, you cheat and you lie.
I visited the hairdresser.
Sami is a good man on the inside.
Sami needed to make some bad decisions.
Sami is a bad match for Layla.
Sami needed to get Layla out of his life.
Sami was ready to make some changes.
Sami had a history of violence.
Sami murdered Layla and cut her baby from her womb.
Sami wanted to find his true north.
Sami believed in second chances.
Sami wore glasses.
Sami can pay the bills.
Sami enjoyed interacting with Layla.
Tom is a charlatan.
Sami already has a girlfriend.
Sami woke up to being touched.
Sami lives in this house.
Sami had some painful secrets.
Sami developed an addiction to painkillers to cope with the pain.
Sami used painkillers.
Sami's use of painkillers has taken a toll on his relationship with Layla.
Please, I would like some champagne.
That fellow over there might be the one who was ruined by the company's president.
Her parents were starting to fear she had already lost her savings.
Indiana Jones wondered if it wasn't a trap when the room became silent.
I had dreaded something even worse. I thought all the ship's crew might have died.
What's the name of this village?
Jim left Belgium to join ISIS.
Jim joined ISIS.
Jim was watching ISIS videos.
Jim claimed to be an ISIS defector.
Jim decided to leave Belgium and go and join ISIS.
Sami saw Jim get increasingly radicalized.
Jim signed up to be a suicide attacker.
Jim wanted to be an ISIS fighter.
Jim wanted to be a suicide bomber.
Jim got more and more radical.
Jim went off to Syria to join ISIS.
Jim was trying to recruit young Belgians for ISIS.
Jim was in touch with ISIS recruiters.
Jim slaughtered people at a concert in Cairo.
Jim is an ISIS terrorist.
Jim took a truck and mowed down twenty people on a busy street.
Jim appeared in an ISIS propaganda video.
Jim became a radical jihadist.
"Can you hear the silence?" "Not really. I can't hear anything."
This issue is controversial.
This topic is controversial.
Shut up.
Get lost.
Damn
Shut up!
I can't sleep.
Suicide isn't painful.
I've got a headache all of the sudden.
I'm heartbroken.
This restroom's toilet is clogged.
English isn't difficult.
My computer broke yesterday.
This site is useful.
Please accept my apology.
It takes 2 hours or so to go make a return so I bought some different housewares.
That sentence was wrong.
Isn't my friend Icelandic?
Are you really planning to sit in the back?
Are you really planning on sitting in the back?
I ate as quickly as I could.
I ate as quickly as I was able to.
I denied I did that.
I denied that I did that.
I denied I was the one who had done that.
I denied that I was the one who had done that.
I did that almost the same way Tom did.
I did that almost the same way that Tom did.
I did that as often as I was able to.
I did that as quickly as I was able to.
I did that as soon as I was able to.
I did that at least as well as everybody else.
I did that at least as well as everyone else.
I did that because everybody else did.
I did that because everyone else did.
I did that eventually.
I eventually did that.
I did that in front of everybody.
I did that in front of everyone.
I did that only because everybody else did.
I did that only because everyone else did.
I did that only because everybody else was doing it.
I did that only because everyone else was doing it.
I did that right, I think.
I think I did that right.
I did that the same way as Tom.
I did that the same way as Tom does.
I did that whenever I was able to.
I did that while everybody else was still sleeping.
I did that while everyone else was still asleep.
I did that while everybody else was still asleep.
I did that while everyone else was still sleeping.
I did that while Tom was still asleep.
I did that while Tom was still sleeping.
I did that while you were still asleep.
I did that while you were still sleeping.
I did that without anybody's help.
I did that without anyone's help.
I did that without consulting anybody.
I didn't anyone how I'd do that.
I didn't anybody how I'd do that.
I didn't believe anybody would actually do that.
I didn't believe anyone would actually do that.
I didn't believe anybody would do that.
I didn't believe anyone would do that.
I didn't believe anybody would really do that.
I didn't believe anyone would really do that.
I didn't do that as much last week as I usually do.
Last week, I didn't do that as much as I usually do.
I didn't do that as well as everyone expected me to.
I didn't do that as well as everybody expected me to.
I didn't have a lot of time to do that.
I didn't have much time to do that.
I didn't know that I didn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't know I didn't have to do that today.
I didn't know I had to do that by myself.
I didn't know I had to do that yesterday.
I didn't know I needed to do that today.
I didn't know that I no longer had to do that.
I didn't know that I no longer needed to do that.
I didn't know I should do that by myself.
I didn't know that I should do that by myself.
I didn't know that I should do that.
I didn't know that I shouldn't do that.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that before I got here.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that today.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know I was supposed to help Tom do that.
I didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't know I wasn't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know that I wasn't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that today.
I didn't know I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't know I'd have to do that today.
I didn't know that I'd have to do that today.
I didn't know it was impossible to do that.
I didn't know that it was impossible to do that.
I didn't know it would be impossible to do that.
I didn't know that it would be impossible to do that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that.
I didn't know that you weren't planning to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't need to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I didn't know Tom had to do that by himself.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom had to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that yesterday.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom needed to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that on Monday.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to do that on Monday.
I didn't know Tom was able to do that.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know Tom would have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom would have to do that today.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't let anyone do that.
I didn't let anybody do that.
I didn't make anyone do that.
I didn't make anybody do that.
I didn't need anyone's permission to do that.
I didn't need anybody's permission to do that.
I didn't realize both Tom and Mary had to do that.
I didn't realize that both Tom and Mary had to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary both had to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary both had to do that.
I didn't realize both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
I didn't realize that both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary both needed to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary both needed to do that.
I didn't realize both Tom and Mary should do that.
I didn't realize that both Tom and Mary should do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary both should do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary both should do that.
I didn't realize that I had to do that.
I didn't realize that I needed to do that.
I didn't realize that I should do that.
I didn't realize that I shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize that I wasn't going to be able to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom had to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom needed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom should do that.
I didn't realize that Tom shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I didn't realize that you had to do that.
I didn't realize that you needed to do that.
I didn't realize you should do that.
I didn't realize that you should do that.
I didn't realize you shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize that you shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize you weren't going to be able to do that.
I didn't realize that you weren't going to be able to do that.
I didn't say I'd do that.
I didn't say I would do that.
I didn't think anybody would actually do that.
I didn't think anyone would actually do that.
I didn't think anybody would do that.
I didn't think anyone would do that.
I didn't think anybody would get hurt.
I didn't think anyone would get hurt.
I didn't think anybody would help me.
I didn't think anyone would help me.
I didn't think anybody would really do that.
I didn't think anyone would really do that.
I don't believe anybody will do that.
I don't believe anyone will do that.
I don't have a lot of time to do that.
I don't have much time to do that.
I don't need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't plan to sit in the back.
I don't plan on sitting in the back.
I don't think I need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't think I need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
I haven't yet apologized for doing that.
I haven't apologized for doing that yet.
I was able to do that without anybody's help.
I was able to do that without anyone's help.
I wasn't able to do that as much last year as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to do that as much as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to do that as often last year as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to do that as often as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to play tennis as often last year as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to play tennis as often as I wanted to.
I wasn't convinced I had to do that.
I wasn't convinced I needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he was planning on doing.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he was planning to do.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he had done.
I won't let anybody do that.
I'm not convinced I need to do that.
I'm not going to let anyone do that.
I'm not going to let anybody do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't do that.
I've been to Boston two times.
I've done that twice.
I've done that two times.
Tom denied he did that.
Tom did that as fast as he was able to.
Tom did that as often as he was able to.
Tom did that as quickly as he was able to.
Tom did that as soon as he was able to.
Tom did that whenever he was able to.
Tom didn't give Mary that.
Tom didn't give that to Mary.
Tom didn't show Mary that.
Tom didn't show that to Mary.
Tom doesn't know Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom doesn't know that Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom knows that Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom knows you've spent time in prison.
Tom knows that you've spent time in prison.
Tom plans to sit in the back.
Tom plans on sitting in the back.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary that.
Tom wasn't the one who gave that to Mary.
Tom wrote a long letter to Mary.
I've decided to do that on my own.
I couldn't talk Tom out of doing that.
I've decided to go back to Boston.
Tom was a typical high school student.
I decided to try doing that myself.
I've decided to let Tom do that for me.
I could prevent you from doing that.
Tom was able to do that better than me.
I couldn't have done that on my own.
I could do that better than Tom, I think.
I definitely didn't have to do that.
Tom was able to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I definitely didn't need to do that.
I wouldn't have done that the way Tom did.
I definitely didn't want to do that.
I've decided not to go to Boston with Tom.
I definitely won't agree to do that.
I've decided to go back to Boston with Tom.
I've decided I'll do that by myself.
I doubt if I could keep Tom from doing that.
We definitely don't have to do that.
I doubt if I could stop Tom from doing that.
We definitely don't need to do that.
Tom was a wealthy man before he got married.
We definitely don't want to do that.
Tom was about thirty years old when he died.
I could've simply refused to do that.
I couldn't make Tom do that, even if I tried.
I definitely didn't agree to do that.
I don't think I can keep Tom from doing that.
I definitely won't go swimming today.
I'm not even going to try get Tom to do that.
I'm not even going to try to do that.
Tom was about thirty minutes behind schedule.
I could make you do that, but I won't.
Tom was a very rich man before he got married.
I could've done that if I'd wanted to.
I could stop Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
I decided to try doing that by myself.
Tom was about thirty years old when he met Mary.
I definitely want to do that with you.
Tom was a very good student in elementary school.
I know that I shouldn't be doing this.
I could prevent Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
I've decided not to do that after all.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into doing that.
I've decided to try doing that myself.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into helping us.
I couldn't have done that without help.
I'm not even going to try get Tom to do that for me.
I definitely want to do that by myself.
I'm not even going to try to get Tom to stop doing that.
I'm not even going to try to talk Tom out of doing that.
I could've done that if you'd helped me.
Tom was a university student at that time, wasn't he?
I opened the door as quietly as I could.
I could've done that, but I chose not to.
I couldn't do that without a lot of help.
I've decided I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom was about thirty years old when he moved to Boston.
I've decided to try doing that by myself.
Tom was writing at his desk when Mary entered the room.
I could probably teach you how to do that.
Tom was a very good friend until he stole my girlfirend.
I know I could've done that, but I didn't.
Tom was very sleepy and could hardly keep his eyes open.
I think it would be better not to do that.
Tom was wearing a jacket, even though it was pretty hot.
I wish I could talk you out of doing that.
I asked Tom how often he and Mary played tennis together.
I've decided not to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he was wearing yesterday.
I decided I was the one who should do that.
I asked Tom how many students were still in the classroom.
I've decided to start taking piano lessons.
Tom is trying to find a place to live near where he works.
Tom was about thirty when he moved to Boston.
I've decided that I shouldn't do that anymore.
I've decided I won't go to Boston tomorrow.
I've decided that I won't go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom said he was willing to lend us three thousand dollars.
I definitely won't go shopping this morning.
Tom was a better cook than Mary was when they got married.
I was only able to do that for a short time.
Tom was a junior high school student when I first met him.
I've decided to go back to Boston by myself.
Tom was a truck driver before he became a race car driver.
I think it would be too difficult to do that.
Tom was able to speak French well enough to be understood.
I decided that I'd never try doing that again.
Tom was willing to wait, but I told him he didn't have to.
I've decided to go back to Boston next Monday.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into helping us do that.
I could've stopped doing that if I'd wanted to.
Tom was a junior high school student the first time I met him.
Tom wasn't able to speak French well enough to be understood.
I've decided that I'll go back to Boston by myself.
I've decided I'll go back to Boston by myself.
When are you going back to Australia?
When is Tom going back to Boston?
How was that novel you were reading last week?
What books would you suggest that I read?
Where are Tom's parents?
Whose car was that that you were driving yesterday?
Please see who is at the door.
What's Tom's sister's name?
Do you like traveling?
Don't you like fishing?
Do you and Tom often go fishing together?
When was the last time you went fishing?
How often do you go fishing?
You don't like to travel, do you?
You don't like traveling, do you?
You like traveling, don't you?
You like to travel, don't you?
I don't really enjoy traveling.
Now that I'm retired, I can travel as much as I want to.
The advertisements in the newspaper are interesting to Tom.
I hope that I will receive a rapid response.
No wonder!
I work harder than everyone else here.
With problems, Tom always turned to his father.
Tom is French.
The water evaporates.
Tom was a pretty good carpenter before he injured his hand.
I could stop you from doing that if I wanted to.
Tom was a kindergarten teacher before he became a policeman.
I couldn't do that last week because I was sick.
Tom was waiting over there for you, but I don't see him now.
I tiptoed across the room as quietly as I could.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so he didn't get killed.
I can teach you how to do that if you want me to.
I assured Tom that I'd have the report written before Monday.
I probably could've done that if I'd tried harder.
I awoke before dawn.
I was so tired that I awoke in the same position I fell asleep in.
I tried to put aside my anger and make peace.
I realized how fortunate I was and how many second chances life has given me.
He is cheap.
He's very frugal.
No one understands.
The car is not turning.
Our dog is black.
I woke up before dawn.
The dog is destroying the furniture in our house.
Tom moves a lot.
The dog is thirsty.
I remember the words to the song, but I can't remember the melody.
I gave the job to Tom.
I gave Tom the job.
The school janitor ate the frog in our classroom.
Tom has been very friendly to me.
Tom has been very friendly.
Tom asked me if I could give him a job.
I had a tooth pulled out yesterday.
French students do not dissect frogs. They eat them!
Getting a door slammed on your finger can be very painful.
My cat loves cheese.
Three of Tom's cats have died.
Someone apparently poisoned Tom's cats.
There is none left.
The big one got away.
Tom pinched Mary's butt.
When you realize that most of the food that humans eat is from grass species, you will begin to see humans as sick and feeble grass-eating hobbits instead the noble apes we should and could be.
Plants produce toxins to defend themselves from predators.
The cat and dog are curled up together by the fireplace.
The little girl sent a letter to her aunt's new kitten.
My cat cannot read Latin.
Tom bought a dog and named him Regulus.
Speaking Latin around Mary can give her the creeps.
They can't sleep.
There's too much noise outside.
The streets are swept clean every night.
Paris butcher shops look surreal in the short hours before the sun rises.
Mary loves how Tom's thick hair reluctantly parts.
Tom is a French spy.
Where's my ticket?
I'd like to work in Boston.
I hope I can find a job in Boston.
I wouldn't be able to explain it to you as well as Tom could.
I was only able to buy enough food for three days.
Tom was with his dog in the park when I saw him this morning.
I've decided that I'll never try doing that again.
In junior high school, Tom was a better student than Mary was.
Tom was a very good basketball coach, but he got fired anyway.
I could prevent you from doing that if I wanted to.
Tom was much taller than me when we were in elementary school.
I could teach you how to do that if you want me to.
Tom was about thirty years old when he started studying French.
Tom was about thirty when he started studying French.
Tom was much taller than I was when we were in elementary school.
In junior high school, Tom was a better student than Mary.
I've decided I'll never try doing that again.
Everybody was supposed to do that.
Everyone was supposed to do that.
Nobody likes to be kept waiting.
No one likes to be kept waiting.
Nobody here likes Tom much.
No one here likes Tom much.
We don't sell fruit here.
I'm not used to being spoken to that way.
Tom got scolded for being late.
You're not supposed to be smoking in here.
You're not supposed to smoke in here.
I'm tired of being treated like a kid.
I was afraid I might hurt Tom's feelings.
I was afraid that I might hurt Tom's feelings.
If I'd known that Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd known Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd left earlier, I wouldn't have missed the train.
It's time for you to get home.
It's time for us to eat lunch.
Quit treating me like a kid.
Quit treating me like a child.
Stop treating me like a kid.
Stop treating me like a child.
Please mail this letter on your way to work.
When I told Tom that I was hungry, he said he was hungry, too.
Tom gave a Christmas present to Mary.
I want to know when the meeting starts.
It's not like we are climbing mount Everest, so stop complaining already.
Do you get the paper?
Do you want a glass of orange juice?
The exposition was very interesting.
Sami spent all that time searching.
I think you forgot something, Tom.
I don't remember her exact words.
I don't remember his exact words.
We never see each other.
I thought nothing of it at the time.
Have you no decency?
Tom splashed water in Mary's direction.
The house is made of brick.
Do you write poetry?
Do you know any magic tricks?
He is one of my dearest friends.
Tom thought that no one knew what he was doing.
Tom thought that nobody knew what he was doing.
Tom thought nobody knew what he was doing.
Tom thought no one knew what he was doing.
Tom pretended that he didn't see Mary.
Tom pretended that he didn't know what was happening.
Tom pretended that he didn't know what was going on.
Tom knows Mary is with John.
Tom knows that Mary is with John.
Tom knew that Mary was with John.
Tom doesn't seem to know a lot about Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Mary.
Tom doesn't know a lot about Mary.
I'm not as young as Tom is.
I'm not as worried as Tom.
I'm not as worried as Tom is.
I'm not as tired as Tom.
I'm not as tired as Tom is.
I'm not as stupid as Tom.
I'm not as stupid as Tom is.
I'm not as stubborn as Tom.
I'm not as stubborn as Tom is.
I'm not as old as Tom.
I'm not as old as Tom is.
I'm not as lazy as Tom.
I'm not as lazy as Tom is.
I'm not as good at speaking French as Tom.
I'm not as good at speaking French as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing the trombone as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing the trombone as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing tennis as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing tennis as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing chess as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing chess as Tom is.
I'm not as good at doing that as Tom.
I'm not as good at doing that as Tom is.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't know what to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't know what to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom was in the room.
I wasn't aware that Tom was in the room.
I wasn't aware Tom was doing that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was doing that.
I wasn't aware Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware Tom should do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom should do that.
I wasn't aware Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't done that.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't done that yet.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't yet done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom had done that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't want me there.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't want me there.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom did that.
I wasn't aware that Tom did that.
I wasn't aware Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't aware Tom could do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom could do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't yet done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't done that yet.
I wasn't aware I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I wasn't aware I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware I was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware I shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that I shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware I should do that.
I wasn't aware that I should do that.
I wasn't aware I needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I needed to do that.
I wasn't aware I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't as lucky as Tom.
I wasn't as lucky as Tom was.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom was.
I was just as surprised as Tom.
I didn't know Tom was in the room.
I didn't know that Tom was in the room.
I didn't know Tom didn't want me there.
I didn't know that Tom didn't want me there.
I didn't know I wasn't going to be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that I wasn't going to be allowed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary want to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary both want to learn how to do that.
I wasn't bored.
Tom has a key.
I did that here.
Tom cashed the check.
I did that a lot.
Tom let Mary do that.
I wasn't annoyed.
I wasn't jealous.
I wasn't afraid of Tom.
I wasn't seasick.
Tom managed to do that.
I did that for us.
Tom saw Mary fall down.
I did that for free.
I didn't do that. Tom did.
I wasn't busy today.
I didn't make Tom do that.
I wasn't frightened.
I wasn't listening to Tom.
I did that at school.
This Japanese garden is beautiful.
Tom wasn't at the concert.
I did that in Boston.
I wasn't as mad as Tom was.
I did that in school.
I wasn't worried about Tom.
I did that willingly.
I wasn't intoxicated.
I did that for Tom for free.
I wasn't ready to go.
I wasn't as busy as Tom was.
I wasn't very sleepy.
This time for sure.
Why doesn't someone pick this garbage up?
Can you pick up after your dog?
Do you have a sleeping bag?
Why do spend so much time in the bookstore?
Whatcha doin'?
Didn't you read this book?
It'll be more for you.
The dog twisted out my grip.
Can't you walk the dog?
I can't see the TV. Move!
When can we return?
What's the weather for the weekend?
Any plans tonight?
I lost your sunglasses.
Can I have some butter?
I think I have a concussion.
How long ago did you hit your head?
Do you have a calculator?
Do you want me to make copies?
Do you want a slice?
I was on the brink.
When are you going to apologize?
You've created a hostile environment.
You're a bitter person.
You've always been mad.
When are you going to apologize to Tom?
He purchased land with a good view for building his house.
Why do you watch television all afternoon?
My father leaves for the United States next Wednesday.
We need to have a lot of money for a good life.
Tom's friend is very beautiful. No?
Shush! It's a secret.
Offer available for a limited time only.
Why's it alway so cold in here?
Tell me why?
Thank goodness it's Friday.
Tom opened a new restaurant.
Mary, where are my boots?
