Let's try something.
I have to go to sleep.
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
Muiriel is 20 now.
The password is "Muiriel".
I will be back soon.
I'm at a loss for words.
This is never going to end.
I just don't know what to say.
That was an evil bunny.
I was in the mountains.
Is it a recent picture?
I don't know if I have the time.
Education in this world disappoints me.
You're in better shape than I am.
You are in my way.
This will cost €30.
I make €100 a day.
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
It's because you don't want to be alone.
That won't happen.
Sometimes he can be a strange guy.
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
I miss you.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
You should sleep.
I'm going to go.
I told them to send me another ticket.
You're so impatient with me.
I can't live that kind of life.
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.
I never liked biology.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
It is unfortunately true.
They are too busy fighting against each other to care for common ideals.
Most people think I'm crazy.
No I'm not; you are!
That's MY line!
He's kicking me!
Are you sure?
Then there is a problem...
Oh, there's a butterfly!
Hurry up.
It doesn't surprise me.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
It depends on the context.
Are you freaking kidding me?!
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
I don't want to be lame; I want to be cool!!
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
America is a lovely place to be, if you are here to earn money.
I'm so fat.
So what?
I'm gonna shoot him.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
I'm just saying!
That was probably what influenced their decision.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
This is what I would have said.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
That's because you're a girl.
Sometimes I can't help showing emotions.
It's a word I'd like to find a substitute for.
It would be something I'd have to program.
I don't intend to be selfish.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
How many close friends do you have?
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
This is always the way it has been.
I think it is best not to be impolite.
One can always find time.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
When I woke up, I was sad.
That is somewhat explained at the end.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
Most people write about their daily life.
If I could send you a marshmallow, Trang, I would.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
Every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others.
Why do you ask?
I am not an artist. I never had the knack for it.
I can't tell her now. It's not that simple anymore.
I am a flawed person, but these are flaws that can easily be fixed.
Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.
How long did you stay?
Maybe it will be exactly the same for him.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
Humans were never meant to live forever.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
I think I have a theory about that.
That is intriguing.
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
I do not have an account in these forums.
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is, I really don't know.
I didn't know where it came from.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
This is not important.
I didn't like it.
She's asking how that's possible.
You're just running away from life's problems.
If you look at the lyrics, they don't really mean much.
There's a problem there that you don't see.
You can do it.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
I wish I could go to Japan.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
I have to go to bed.
After that, I left, but then I realized that I forgot my backpack at their house.
I won't ask you anything else today.
It may freeze next week.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
The police will get you to find the bullets.
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot.
That wasn't my intention.
Thanks for your explanation.
Theoretically, I'm doing math.
If you didn't know me that way then you simply didn't know me.
It almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day.
I don't know what you mean.
My computer has got to be useful for something.
You wanted to tell me about freedom?
Uh, now it's really weird...
If I wanted to scare you, I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
One can't expect everything from schools.
There are many words that I don't understand.
I don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can't express themselves explicitly.
You're really not stupid.
I need to ask you a silly question.
I don't know how to demonstrate it, since it's too obvious!
I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
Can it be phrased in another way?
No one will know.
I found a solution, but I found it so fast that it can't be the right solution.
It seems interesting to me.
Except that here, it's not so simple.
I like candlelight.
What did you answer?
No, he's not my new boyfriend.
It's too bad that I don't need to lose weight.
You never have class or what?!
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you.
Where is the problem?
I can only wait.
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
I love you.
I don't like you anymore.
I am curious.
Congratulations!
I don't want to wait that long.
Why don't you come visit us?
But the possibility seems unlikely.
I shouldn't have logged off.
I don't know what to do anymore.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
I hate chemistry.
I didn't want this to happen.
You can probably guess what happens though.
Next thing you know, you'll be in the papers.
What other options do I have?
I am not much of a traveller.
I have nothing better to do.
I can't explain it either.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing.
It only shows you're not a robot.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
It's not something anyone can do.
I don't know if I still have it.
What do you think I've been doing?
Don't underestimate my power.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
I don't speak French well enough!
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
Therein lies the problem.
How do you find food in outer space?
All you can do is trust one another.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?
I utterly despise formal writing!
Foreign people intrigue me.
Whatever I do, she says I can do better.
What keeps you up so late?
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.
You're not fast enough.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
Bearing can be unbearable.
Stop it! You're making her feel uncomfortable!
Nothing is beautiful but the truth.
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
I don't speak Japanese.
This is a pun.
Nobody understands me.
I learned to live without her.
It's useless to keep on thinking any more.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
I just wanted to check my email.
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
I suppose that behind each thing we have to do, there's something we want to do...
You really don't have the right priorities!
Don't expect others to think for you!
You never have time for important things!
It's no use pretending to make me believe that I believe things you don't believe!
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
I'm so dumb... I'm trying to explain things to you that I don't understand myself.
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
Are you referring to me?
There will always be things I will never learn, I don't have eternity before me!
It can't be!
I wish I could care more about my grades but it seems that, at a certain point of my life, I decided they wouldn't be so important anymore.
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a proverb.
Would you like something to drink?
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
"What's the matter?" asked the little white rabbit.
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
We must learn to live together as brothers, or we will perish together as fools.
Uh... How's that working?
"To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights." "You are a coward!"
"Trust me," he said.
"This is what I was looking for!" he exclaimed.
"This looks pretty interesting," Hiroshi says.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
"That's very nice of you," Willie answered.
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."
Someday I'll run like the wind.
"She likes music." "So do I."
Please don't cry.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."
"Haven't we met somewhere before?" asked the student.
A Japanese would never do such a thing.
Allen is a poet.
The archer killed the deer.
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
Rye was called the grain of poverty.
In the 1950's, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
Place the deck of cards on the oaken table.
The Germans are very crafty.
If you don't eat, you die.
How do you spell "pretty"?
Why don't we go home?
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
Ten years is a long time to wait.
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
One million people lost their lives in the war.
It is not rare at all to live over ninety years.
First, I'm going to do an outline of my new website.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
It wasn't me, commissioner!
Oh, my white pants! And they were new.
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.
When I left the train station, I saw a man.
You're an angel!
People from Madrid are weird.
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
You're lucky because he didn't bite you.
Did you miss me?
Are they all the same?
Thank you very much!
Where are the eggs, please?
I'll take him.
It's a surprise.
That's a good idea!
Round trip? Only one-way.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
They were left speechless.
Damn! It's not bad!
Pull into shape after washing.
Wash before first wearing.
Don't open before the train stops.
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
They say love is blind.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Math is like love - a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
Poor is not the one who has too little, but the one who wants too much.
Seeing that you're not surprised, I think you must have known.
How long does it take to get to the station?
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
Excuse me; allow me to point out three errors in the above article.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "yes" and "no".
Do you speak Italian?
"I can't think with that noise," she said, as she stared at the typewriter.
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
May I ask a question?
"How do you feel?" he inquired.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting it.
It would be fun to see how things change over the years.
I would never have guessed that.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
You'll forget about me someday.
That is rather unexpected.
I wonder how long it's going to take.
I can't live without a TV.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
Many people drift through life without a purpose.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
I think exams are ruining education.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
Do you have a condom?
Do whatever he tells you.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
It is already eleven.
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
"Yes, orange juice please," says Mike.
"Ah!" is an interjection.
What do you want?
The mandatory character of schooling is rarely analyzed in the multitude of works dedicated to the study of the various ways to develop within children the desire to learn.
You suck dude! I have to tell you everything!
I have a bone to pick with you.
Do you need me to give you some money?
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
I have a dream.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
The cost of life increased drastically.
All that which is invented, is true.
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
But the universe is infinite.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
The world is a den of crazies.
You opened up my eyes to what it's like when everything is right.
You found me where no one else was looking.
You're by my side; everything's fine now.
What do you mean you don't know?!
You look stupid.
I think I'm gonna go to sleep.
My name is Jack.
I like it very much.
We're meeting up tomorrow?
How do you say that in Italian?
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
Is it far from here?
These things aren't mine!
Thanks, that's all.
Would you like to dance with me?
Italy is a very beautiful country.
It's not my fault!
I'd like to stay for one night.
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
Is there a youth hostel near here?
Where are the showers?
Open your mouth!
Is it bad?
I have lost my wallet.
Love is never wasted.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Not wanting is the same as having.
He's very sexy.
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."
There are too many things to do!
Come on, play with me, I'm so bored!
Don't you even think of eating my chocolate!
Stop asking me for a drink! Go get it yourself.
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.
I really need to hit somebody.
Who doesn't know this problem?!
It has been so long since I last went to Disneyland with my family.
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
My friends always say I'm too calm, but my family always says I'm too annoying.
I hate those spiders. They're always there to freak me out when I'm cleaning.
So annoying... Now I get a headache whenever I use the computer!
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
It is very hot today.
Nobody came.
I never saw a red fridge.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
It's lonely in the saddle since the horse died.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
You know the phrase, we reap what we sow. I have sown the wind and this is my storm.
Look at me when I talk to you!
What would the world be without women?
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
This is not my type.
I was trying to kill time.
How did you come up with this crazy idea?
I'm tired.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
Speak more slowly, please!
When do we arrive?
The check, please.
And what are we going to do?
I have a headache.
Where can one make a phone call?
I must admit that I snore.
Tonight we're going to church.
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
I don't feel well.
Call the police!
It's too expensive!
She's faking sleep. That's why she's not snoring.
My shoes are too small. I need new ones.
We're getting out of here. The cops are coming.
Merry Christmas!
It would be so cool if I could speak ten languages!
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
You should have listened to me.
It's a complete mess, and it's getting on my nerves.
When the body is touched, receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins.
What does it involve?
One hundred and fifty thousand couples are expected to get married in Shanghai in 2006.
Those selected will have to face extensive medical and psychological tests.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
It will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready.
Bicycles are tools for urban sustainability.
The French government has launched an online game that challenges taxpayers to balance the national budget.
He would be glad to hear that.
What do you believe is true even though you cannot prove it?
Computers make people stupid.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
When you're trying to prove something, it helps to know it's true.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
Most scientific breakthroughs are nothing else than the discovery of the obvious.
If you don't understand something, it's because you aren't aware of its context.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
The key question is not what can I gain but what do I have to lose.
Anything that can be misunderstood will be.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
Why is life so full of suffering?
Despite the importance of sleep, its purpose is a mystery.
What does it mean to have an educated mind in the 21st century?
Passion creates suffering.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
I'm starving!
Do you have friends in Antigua?
A cubic meter corresponds to 1000 liters.
I have so much work that I will stay for one more hour.
I am married and have two children.
He plays the piano very well.
I see it rarely.
I'd like to study in Paris.
You don't know who I am.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
Why do people go to the movies?
I'm undressing.
The car crashed into the wall.
There are no real visions.
There's no point telling me "Hi, how are you?" if you have nothing else to say.
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with "fridge".
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
The wind calmed down.
I don't want to propose to you!
Give me time to give you everything I have!
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Who searches, finds.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Silence gives consent.
"Have you finished?" "On the contrary, I have not even begun yet."
"Good morning", said Tom with a smile.
Why does one say "Good day" when the day is not good?
Wine is poetry filled in bottles.
That was the best day of my life.
I don't understand German.
I made my decision.
I give you my word.
You are the great love of my life.
Being objective means not telling everybody whose side you are on.
We have a Pope.
The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
A mathematical truth is neither simple nor complicated; it is.
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
Mathematicians are like French people: whatever you tell them they translate it into their own language and turn it into something totally different.
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his field, and how to avoid them.
Doing math is the only socially acceptable way to masturbate in public.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
I don't think, therefore I am not.
Nowadays we want our children to make their own decisions, but we expect those decisions to please us.
Don't worry, be happy!
I find foreign languages very interesting.
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
Take a book and read it.
Face life with a smile!
Most schools were designed not to transform society, but to reproduce it.
You make me dream.
I'm beside myself with joy.
He's already a man.
The vacation is over now.
I'm afraid to fall.
Evening dress is desired.
That's the absolute truth.
It's cold.
I'm thirsty.
When I ask people what they regret most about high school, they nearly all say the same thing: that they wasted so much time.
When you can't do what you want, you do what you can.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
You did this intentionally!
You didn't tell him anything?
You made me lose my mind.
You're my type.
You're irresistible.
Could you call again later, please?
Who am I talking with?
I accept, but only under one condition.
Smile now, cry later!
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.
Life is beautiful.
There are days where I feel like my brain wants to abandon me.
I can't cut my nails and do the ironing at the same time!
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Why would you marry a woman if you like men?
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
Are you for or against abortions?
What made you change your mind?
Hey, look, a three-headed monkey!
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
I love lasagna.
If you know that something unpleasant will happen, that you will go to the dentist for example, or to France, then that is not good.
Half an eye is very useful actually, because an animal can see half of another animal, which wants to eat it, and can get out of the way, and it will eat the animal, which has only one-half eye or only 49% of an eye, because this to it will not be enough, and the animal, which was eaten up, will have no children, because it is dead.
Prime numbers are like life; they are completely logical, but impossible to find the rules for, even if you spend all your time thinking about it.
If you raise an eyebrow, it can mean "I want to have sex with you", but also "I find that what you just said is completely idiotic."
The brain is just a complicated machine.
A schedule is an identity card for time, but, if you don't have a schedule, the time isn't there.
This baby penguin is too cute!
I'm at the hospital. I got struck by lightning.
Let's face it, it's impossible. We're never gonna make it.
What is your greatest source of inspiration?
You don't marry someone you can live with — you marry the person whom you cannot live without.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
I was rereading the letters you sent to me.
I don't want to go to school.
It's over between us. Give me back my ring!
It is raining.
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
She's really smart, isn't she?
An opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction.
People who love doubt nothing, or doubt everything.
Justice is expensive.
Liberty consists of being able to make everything as harmless as possible.
The slowest one to make a promise is the most faithful one in keeping it.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
Life is a fatal sexually transmitted disease.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
Our opinion is an idea which we have; our conviction an idea which has us.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
Too late.
I went to the zoo yesterday.
We won the battle.
Hello? Are you still here?
I make lunch every day.
I watched TV this morning.
I read a book while eating.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
I started learning Chinese last week.
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street.
I live near the sea so I often get to go to the beach.
Someday I will buy a cotton candy machine.
It's practical to have a laptop.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
We went to London last year.
She doesn't want to talk about it.
I lost my inspiration.
If you don't have anything to do, look at the ceiling of your room.
It doesn't mean anything!
Be patient please. It takes time.
Close the door when you leave.
This is such a sad story.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
My little brother is watching TV.
It's presumptuous for humans to assume that our task is to do what only God can do.
An astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read, including anonymous sources.
Denying she was an anarchist, Katja maintained she wished only to make changes in our government, not to destroy it.
Blindness is responsible for a staggering toll of poor health, suffering, and loss of dignity and diminution in the quality of lives of people worldwide.
The formation and movement of hurricanes are capricious, even with our present-day technology.
When you send a telegram, brevity is essential because you will be charged for every word.
David has a keen interest in aesthetics — the qualities that make a painting, sculpture, musical composition, or poem pleasing to the eye, ear, or mind.
Despite Trang's constant affirmations of love, Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him.
You met him at the university?
Aaah!! My computer is broken!
The private colleges and universities of the United States are autonomous.
Every time I join a new game of Warcraft, I am pitted against a new team of adversaries.
From the moment that I knew that the university existed, I've wanted to go there.
My apathy for voting comes from my distaste for politics.
The ascendancy of monarchs is what keeps their subjects from rebellion.
Sarah was discerning enough to realize that her friends were trying to prank her.
The orchestra makes discordant noises when tuning up.
The discrepancy between the stories of the two parties involved in the accident was so great that the authorities had a hard time deciding which side was telling the truth.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
I have a great fear of being disdained by those I love and care about.
Most people have great disinclinations to get out of bed early, even if they have to.
Most people only want to hear their own truth.
The audience acclaimed the actors for their performance.
It is good to have ideals... don't you think?
The student decided to abridge his paper by taking out unnecessary details.
People in the world are always advocating for more freedom and equality.
Politicians are always censured for outrageous or inappropriate behavior.
Ms. Eichler had a notorious reputation for being austere to her students.
If you don't listen to us, we will have to resort to coercion.
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me.
Spenser's sarcastic and joking remarks are often misinterpreted as signs of ambivalence and often taken too seriously.
My mother prefers the arbitrary selection of the lottery machines over my lucky numbers.
To him, hunger was an abstract concept; he always had enough to eat.
The convicted drug dealer was willing to comply with the authorities to have his death sentence reduced to a life sentence.
I consider the Jehovah's witnesses who knock on my door all the time to be no different from religious zealots trying to force their beliefs on me.
The war on Iraq is a volatile subject of political debate; any wrong word and a heated argument could spark.
My next door neighbor is a virtuoso whose skills with the piano have earned him a name among music experts.
He was sick of being vilified all the time by people who were jealous of his ability.
Sven was so verbose that his friends resorted to calling him a chatterbox.
Even people who don't believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
Unsure of which suitor she wanted to marry, the princess vacillated, saying now one, now the other.
With the heirless king going crazy and royal family poisoned, the general of the army finally had his chance to usurp the throne.
The recent scandals involving altar boys and religious leaders have undermined the faith people have in the Church.
As the plane was approaching turbulence, the pilot asked the passengers aboard the plane to fasten their seat belts.
There is a fine line between speech that is terse and to the point and speech that is too abrupt.
Though his stay in Europe was transient, Spenser felt he had learned much more about interactions with other people from traveling than he did at college.
Jason was a taciturn individual, so it was always a real surprise when he said anything.
The king was tired of his sycophants always praising him, so he sent them away.
Spenser would not tell anyone his surreptitious plan to get back at his friends for pranking him.
If Spenser doesn't keep adding and translating sentences, the other contributors will surely surpass him.
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays.
His essay gave only a superficial analysis of the problem, so it was a real surprise to him when he got the highest grade in the class.
It depends what you mean by "believe" in God.
Professors should explain everything in detail, not be succinct and always tell students to go home and read their books.
If I gave no answer, I would not have spoken.
Prosecutors in court have to substantiate their claims in order to prove a suspect is guilty.
The people who come on the Maury Povich show often make pretentious claims about their lovers cheating on them.
It is a prevalent belief, according to a nationwide poll in the United States, that Muslims are linked with terrorism.
My roommate is prodigal when it comes to spending money on movies; he buys them the day they're released, regardless of price.
The profane language used on network television makes many parents with young children not want to subscribe to cable.
Freud's insights into human behavior led to him being honored as a profound thinker.
Food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests.
The proliferation of Internet usage has given birth to a new generation of young people.
My friends say I'm a prolific writer, but I haven't written anything for months.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them.
A miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy.
When both girls told John they had feelings for him, he was in a quandary as to which girl he should be with.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much rancor between the Russians and the Germans, especially in areas once occupied by the Soviet Union.
The defense lawyer was confident that he would be able to answer the prosecutor's arguments in his rebuttal.
Johnson is a recluse; he prefers to isolate himself from the rest of the students in our class.
Teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
The bottles of beer that I brought to the party were redundant; the host's family owned a brewery.
The witnesses were able to refute the false testimony of the suspect.
The guild leader relegated Vince to a lesser officer because he was abusing his power.
Joan of Arc refused to renounce her belief that the voice she heard was from God and none other.
Shocked by the events of September 11th, politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed.
James had a great fear of making mistakes in class and being reprimanded.
The principal severely reproved the students whenever they made a mess in the hallway.
My parents would repudiate my brother if they ever found out he was gay.
In order to keep his original idea from being copied, Henry resorted to reticence.
I would like to retract my previous statement.
To win his audience, the speaker resorted to using rhetorical techniques he learned from his communication courses.
His father would never sanction his engagement to a girl who did not share the same religious beliefs as their family.
Tim is a huge fan of satirical comedy.
Though Alfred is scrupulous in fulfilling his duties at work, he is less conscientious about his obligations at home.
Spenser's mother often scrutinizes him for every small mistake he makes.
All the king's subjects, fearing his wrath, often acted quite servile.
People are often quite skeptical about things unless given believable proof.
From the doctor's grim expression, it was clear he had somber news for the patient.
I always have to check my yard for stagnant pools of water so mosquitoes don't breed there.
Sometimes he has difficulties with being articulate about his views.
Peter was an altruistic video game player; he would give items to people who needed them, rather than selling them for personal profit.
Jimmy tried to cajole his parents into letting him drive across the country with his friends.
Censorious people delight in casting blame.
Pop artists thrive on the adulation of their loyal fans.
We must learn to meet adversity gracefully.
Bill Clinton spoke in ambiguous language when asked to describe his relationship with Monica Lewinsky.
He was a benevolent old man who volunteered to mow his neighbors' lawns for free.
His stern tone and loud voice belied his inner sensitivity and caring nature.
The wealthy, self-indulgent young man felt oddly drawn to the strict, ascetic life led by members of some monastic orders.
The statue of the Minute Man commemorates the valiant soldiers who fought in the Revolutionary War.
Baffled by Sherlock Holmes' cryptic remarks, Watson wondered whether Holmes was intentionally concealing his thoughts about the crime.
What criterion did you use when you elected this essay as the winner?
Con artists take advantage of the credulity of inexperienced investors and swindle them out of their money.
I cannot dance one single step of Salsa.
Even if your sentences were actually senseless, you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences.
I like my job very much.
Ray was willing to corroborate Gary's story, but the police were still unconvinced that either of them were telling the truth.
The murderer was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
Sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out.
There was a feeling of constraint in the room; no one dared to tell the king how foolish his decision was.
The consensus indicates that we are opposed to the proposed idea.
A small forest fire can easily spread and quickly become a great conflagration.
Even though he had served his time in prison, the murderer was never quite condoned by the public for his crime.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
He was still mad about the accident despite his wife's conciliatory words.
A cursory examination of his teeth indicated that he had gingivitis.
It was a surprise to see all the students behaving with decorum on prom night.
The news article painted the defendant as a guilty man, even though he had been proven innocent.
The politician pushed for reform by denouncing the corruption of the government officials.
The depravity of the king's deeds lead the people to believe he was nothing more than a tyrant that needed to be overthrown.
I dreamt about you.
I have to get a new computer.
I won't lose!
I was late to school.
Classes are starting again soon.
I think I'm gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
This day was just a waste of time and money.
It caught me off guard; I didn't know what to do.
But you've never told me about this!
I've changed my website's layout.
When we are small, everything seems so big.
He won't beat me.
I have to do laundry while it's still sunny.
Sorry, I don't think I'm gonna be able to.
You had plenty of time.
Stop criticizing me!
Come on! Talk to me, Trang.
I'm almost done.
Take the other chair!
How many sandwiches are there left?
I'm not inspired anymore.
I won't lower myself to his level.
We could see the sunset from the window.
It's driving me crazy.
Did you say that I could never win?
It's all dark outside.
What happened? There's water all over the apartment.
During summer breaks, I ate dinner at midnight.
You can finish your essay now.
You will say and do things your parents said and did, even if you swore you would never do them.
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of life.
Never try to die.
I am too old for this world.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
Life starts when you decide what you are expecting from it.
Life begins when you pay taxes.
What you don't have is better than what you do have.
Life begins when you're ready to live it.
It is never too late to learn.
It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.
He told me the story of his life.
I never said I was fragile.
I wonder if I am made for this world.
What are you talking about?
I want a piece of candy.
I knew that today would be fun.
A child is not a vessel for filling, but a fire to light.
Sadly many people will believe things told to them via an email which they would find implausible face-to-face.
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.
The police are really good at understanding "Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges." It's a lot harder to get them to buy into "Someone stole my magic sword."
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
I have class tomorrow.
I can't believe it!
"Thank you." "You're welcome."
How do you pronounce "pronounce"?
Winter is my favorite season.
It's difficult to have great ideas.
The data suggest that the optimum length of a lecture may be 30 instead of 60 minutes.
I tend to look at the pictures before reading the text.
I learned a lot from you.
We walked a lot.
I spent twelve hours on the train.
She got sick this weekend.
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
He's rich. He doesn't need money!
He's sleeping like a baby.
They're making too much noise. I can't concentrate.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
You're sick. You have to rest.
There's a secret path on the left.
Smith has spent years studying the effects of sleep and sleep loss on memory and learning.
She's asking for the impossible.
He disappeared without a trace.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
There cannot be progress without communication.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
The world is full of fools.
Are you saying my life is in danger?
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
So what if I am gay? Is it a crime?
My life is hollow without him.
I don't want to fail my exams.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
She was wearing a black hat.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
I spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends.
I want to be more independent.
Are you just going to stand there all day?
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
My heart was filled with happiness.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
Sir, you are not allowed to park your car here.
Your secret will be safe with me.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
Tell them to call me before they leave.
You should have refused such an unfair proposal.
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
Mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas.
I didn't mean to give you that impression.
Yes! I won twice in a row!
I'm tired of eating fast food.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
The rooms in this hotel are really very bad at muffling sounds. I can hear my neighbor chewing his gum!
The essence of mathematics is liberty.
Can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity?
Where is the bathroom?
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
The essence of liberty is mathematics.
His story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe.
How many hours of sleep do you need?
Each person is a world.
I have French nationality but Vietnamese origins.
It's very frustrating to try to find your glasses when you can't see anything without glasses.
Do you think mankind will someday colonize the Moon?
What famous songs do you wish you had composed, and why?
I'm going to buy myself a new camera, digital this time.
I'm crazy about you.
I don't know what is worse.
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.
Who buys this type of art?
Why can't we tickle ourselves?
The answer leads us to a vicious circle.
I'm too lazy to do my homework.
What... you still don't know how to drive?
Have you got a beard already?
I feel that I am free.
Freedom is not free.
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
I want an MP3 player!
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.
While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
At this rate, we're not likely to be done before the end of the week.
I guess my view on friendship is pretty bleak because I've never really had to rely on anyone for anything.
What?! You ate my chocolate bear?!
No, I cannot let you in, there's one person too many.
Where are you?
He will make you eat dirt.
He's got a face like a month of wet Sundays.
Holy crap, who's the asshole who dares call me in the middle of the night?!
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
You piss me off!
No way!
It's a dead end.
I don't necessarily trust translations.
To share one's passion is to live it fully.
The day before yesterday you impressed everyone, but I already knew you.
If I showed you my house, my neighborhood back then, would you understand where I am from?
Life is not long, it is wide!
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
She is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
If you teach me how to dance, I will show you my hidden scars.
The elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems.
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
Cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows, goats, sheep, and other mammals.
I still don't like Cavalieri, Tonelli, or Fubini... and my oral calculus exam is already tomorrow.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
He spent the evening reading a book.
You have been thinking about this problem the whole morning. Take a break; go eat lunch.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
Good night. Sweet dreams.
This song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
Perhaps you are right, I have been selfish.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
When we borrow money, we must agree on the conditions.
What is the advantage of this technology?
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
The headline caught my eye this morning.
Gonzales offers a bike to all his employees in Europe.
There are 1000 movies that one must watch before dying.
I have been told that I am pragmatic, and I am.
I prefer to look for a solution to problems, not only to report them.
I'm running out of ideas.
The seven questions that an engineer has to ask himself are: who, what, when, where, why, how and how much.
You are still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
When can one say that a person has alcohol issues?
Remember that we are all in the same boat.
All I need to know about life, I learned from a snowman.
Check that your username and password are written correctly.
Goodbyes are always sad.
Don't forget about us!
Time has passed very fast.
Which is your luggage?
Open the cupboard to the left, the bottles are in there.
There are also nightclubs where you dance flamenco.
The entrée includes a beverage.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
That way I kill two birds with one stone.
Do you have professional experience?
How much do you leave for a tip in Spain?
Who painted this painting?
At this hour, there is incredible traffic.
We men are used to waiting for the women.
Aren't you ashamed to talk like that?
Now I have to leave, they're calling for my flight.
He's Argentinean and he gives tennis lessons.
Please, can you indicate this to me on the map?
The tap is running.
Please tell us where there is a spice shop.
I am four months pregnant.
I've got a pacemaker.
I would like batteries for this device.
Can I pay by credit card?
Cut, wash and dry, please.
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
Could you please repeat that?
Generally, who visits their parents more, sons or daughters?
It would of course be cheaper for you to sleep at our place.
You will find this in a hardware store.
Every effort deserves a reward.
It costs an arm and a leg.
More than 90 percent of visits to a web page are from search engines.
I need your advice.
Any chance you know where I put my keys?
I'm getting ready for the worst.
Why did you wake me up to tell me something that big? Now, I'll never be able to concentrate on my work!
That sounds interesting. What did you tell her?
Where is your twenty? I'll give you five bucks for it.
Little by little, you will notice improvement in your writings.
I knew it was plastic but it tasted like wood.
Sometimes Spenser cares so much about Trang that he leads her to believe he is being overprotective.
There are things in this world which simply cannot be expressed in the form of words.
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.
Take good care of yourself.
As he sits in the dark, typing away at his computer, he hears the sound of morning birds chirping away and realizes he has been up all night - but the insomniac still refuses to sleep.
Try as you might, but you cannot force a belief onto someone else, much less your own self.
The functions sine and cosine take values between -1 and 1 (-1 and 1 included).
I am against using death as a punishment. I am also against using it as a reward.
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
Can I stay at your place? I have nowhere to go.
Girls are more likely than boys to be malnourished, suffer poverty, face violence and be refused an education, according to a new report.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
On May 18, a young Japanese couple was arrested after their one-year-old baby was found wrapped in a plastic bag and dumped in a gutter.
We are haunted by an ideal life, and it is because we have within us the beginning and the possibility for it.
Death is only a horizon, and a horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight.
The scientific theory I like the best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost luggage.
The only way on Earth to multiply happiness is to divide it.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Everything is theoretically impossible until it's done.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time; serenity, that nothing is.
Never lose sight of the importance of a beautiful sunrise, or watching your kids sleep, or the smell of rain. It's often the small things that really matter in life.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
We can travel through time. And we do at the remarkable rate of one second per second.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
My interest is in the future because I'm going to spend the rest of my life there.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The problem with many things is the pre-conceived ideas we have about them!
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, not the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
Hope is not a strategy.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for instance.
They are waiting for you in front of the door.
Do you have a pen on you?
Whose is this?
Since Mario lied to me, I don't speak to him anymore.
It's a good deal.
Pick up your things and go away.
Put your hands down!
He laughs best who laughs last.
The sooner, the better.
He doesn't look his age.
Do you like rap?
I love trips.
I really wasn't expecting that from you.
I've been waiting for hours.
He died at a very old age.
He's an old timer.
That's the snag.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
I don't know him.
I liked this film.
She's rolling in money.
It's not important.
I don't care.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
Look carefully. I'm going to show you how it's done.
People should understand that the world is changing.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
Fifty-two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex.
I don't like these remarks.
I'm not convinced at all.
Why do you want to leave today?
I'm going to take my car.
It's too good to be true.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You should only count on yourself--but even then, not too much.
To be quiet in class is to respect other people's sleep.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good, you should run for your life.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
Better late than never.
Like father, like son.
The early bird catches the worm.
In life there are ups and downs.
All cats are grey in the dark.
Teach me how you do it.
No news is good news.
Wealth comes to those who make things happen, not to those who let things happen.
If you think education is expensive, wait till you see what ignorance costs you.
I was expecting it!
The world is divided into people who get things done, and people who get the credit.
I don't expect anything from you.
Wait in the waiting room.
More people get into trouble for things they say rather than for what they do.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
There's no doubt.
There isn't any solution.
In business today, too many executives spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't need, to impress people they don't even like.
I didn't know he drank so much.
Any activity you need to accomplish will take more time than you have.
It's well done.
Do you want fruit juice?
He's a good person.
Do as you want.
Enjoy your meal!
There's no love without jealousy.
No love is foul nor prison fair.
There was not a bloody soul.
We are cut from the same cloth.
The walls have ears.
I've got a frog in my throat.
Make yourself at home.
Nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe.
In general, little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations.
Mali is one of the poorest countries in Subsaharan Africa.
At this stage there is still not a clear energy policy for bringing decentralised power to rural areas.
Why aren't you coming with us?
I can't say the opposite.
Why are you telling me about hippos all of the sudden? I don't see the connection between that and your twelve red goldfishes.
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
You can't get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
I don't want it anymore.
He came several times.
We wonder why.
We must think about friends.
I'm going to take a bath.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
We left by train.
If you eat too much, you'll become fat.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
Would you like to come?
I knew he would accept.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
I thought it was true.
This is the town I told you about.
This is the boy I think about.
He has been warned on several occasions.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
We tried so hard to make things better for our kids that we made them worse.
Hi, I just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed.
How can you have a laptop and not a cell phone?
I went to drink a beer with friends.
He jumped out the window.
Yesterday we had fun.
They quarreled.
I ate caviar.
He changed a lot since the last time.
This knife was very useful to me.
You took the wrong key.
I managed to get in.
How much is it?
I'll bring you the bill immediately.
Here is your change.
I'll pay by cheque.
Did you leave a tip?
Don't forget the ticket.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
The situation is worse than we believed.
We have to expect the worst.
They don't even know why.
I want you to tell me the truth.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately.
It's not serious, I don't bear him a grudge.
Who is coming with me?
I want to know who is coming with us.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
On your feet, children!
I talked to friends.
The film started at 2 o'clock.
This girl changed her look.
The film lasted 2 hours.
I'm glad to see you back.
You changed a lot.
Those who know him like him.
Tell me what happened.
They are sensible girls.
How beautiful you are!
It's easier to have fun than to work.
You must work more.
It's more difficult than you think.
He told me he would go to Venice.
Who are those guys?
I don't agree with him.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
There's quite a lot of things to do; do you want some help?
It seems to me that the train is late.
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
Ask Trang if he's going out this evening.
She's got a fair complexion while her brother is very dark.
In a town you may pass unnoticed, whereas in a village it's impossible.
Who said that? It's totally wrong!
When I was a child, I would spend hours reading alone in my room.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."
Please will you close the door when you go out.
You've given me your cold.
Ah! If I were rich, I'd buy myself a house in Spain.
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
They will never accept; it's too far.
Her garden is a work of art.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
If you take care of the small things, the big things will take care of themselves.
Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or a picture or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Forget it. It's not worth it.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
You need not telephone me.
Brian repeatedly told Chris that he owed him a pretty large amount of money.
How dare you say such a thing to me?
You ask me to do the impossible.
I brought you a little something.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
You are as tall as I am.
You have the same racket as I have.
She has as many books as I.
We have to take him to the hospital immediately; he is seriously injured!
Go and speak to my colleague.
Tell me about it!
Let's not be in too much of a hurry.
Does it also work without registration?
In which folder did you save the file?
I heard a cotton candy shop has just opened. Let's go, dudes.
Maria has long hair.
You don't have to come tomorrow.
I have to take medicine.
Please do not take photos here.
Nara is a quiet and beautiful city.
I'm taking a walk in a park.
My hobby is to listen to music.
If you are free, give me a hand.
I work even on Sunday.
He's not working much at the moment.
It happened a long time ago.
Where have you been?
Here comes the bride!
What have you been doing all this time!
It's been snowing all night.
It's been ten years since we last met.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
Could you turn on the light please?
She's selling drugs at concerts.
Turn right at the crossroad.
I buried my dog at the pet cemetery.
They forgot to lock the door.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
If you will come this way...
How did your interview go?
He's moving in with his girlfriend.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
Could you do me a favour please?
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
She is mad at me.
I can't believe my eyes.
I couldn't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that I would be a pilot someday.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
She has always done her best to make their life easier.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
During winter I sleep with two blankets.
"Do you have any siblings?" "No, I'm an only child."
Her eyes were shining with joy.
You are to come with me.
You have to come with me.
Are you angry at what I said?
Can you justify the use of violence?
You are a busy man, so I will adjust myself to your schedule.
You are supposed to obey the law.
Can you do bookkeeping?
You have no sense of direction.
You must practice grammar.
You had better go to the infirmary.
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
You should pay your rent in advance.
You must keep your room clean.
You must take off your hat in the room.
You are wavering.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
Your undaunted spirit will carry you through.
You should take care of your sick mother.
You have to learn standard English.
You have bought more postage stamps than are necessary.
You are not at all wrong.
Have you ever traveled in a plane?
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
You are idle to the bone.
Can you keep a secret?
Since you look tired, you had better take a rest.
Now that you are tired, you'd better rest.
You are tired, and so am I.
You are tired, aren't you?
Are you not tired?
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
You are too sensitive to criticism.
You can rely on him.
You can rely on her.
You must help her, and soon!
You must not take advantage of her innocence.
You should have acted on her advice.
You are treading on her corns.
I think that you ought to apologize to her.
You must apologize to her, and that at once.
Just a minute.
You asked after her? What did she say?
You are expecting too much of her.
Did you meet her?
Do you want to see her very much?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
You were taken in by her.
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
Unlike her, you are diligent.
You are not less pretty than her.
When did you see her dancing with him?
You'll come to like her.
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
I think you had better call on him.
You must be careful not to make him angry.
You must give him up for dead.
You needn't have seen him to the door.
You shouldn't look down on him.
You are selling him short.
You had better keep him at a respectful distance.
You must not look upon him as great.
You're required to help them.
Are you younger than him?
All that you have to do is to wait for his reply.
You must take his age into account.
Are you for or against his idea?
You must pay attention to his advice.
You should have accepted his advice.
You may as well follow his advice.
You may make use of his library.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
You must allow for his youth.
You should have helped him with his work.
You should pay more attention to what he says.
You must pay attention to him.
You should pay more attention to his warnings.
You ought to have adopted his plan.
You must make allowance for his lack of experience.
You had better blink at his eccentricities.
You should not play on his generous nature.
You had better not play on his generous nature.
You overestimate him.
You can depend on his help.
Did you accept his statement as true?
You should have told him the truth.
You should restore the money he lost to him.
You cannot expect much of him.
You should tell him the truth.
You had better tell him the truth.
You ought to ask him for advice.
It would be better for you not to ask him for advice.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
You need only ask him to pay the debt.
You told him that he should have a reward.
I don't think you can gain his ear.
You ought to thank him.
You have only to give him a little help.
You ought not to have said a thing like that to him.
You will do well to leave him.
Can you swim as fast as he?
You had better not keep company with him.
You can trust him to keep his word.
Do you know who he is?
I'm certain of your success.
You should not give him up for lost.
You work as hard as he did at your age.
Have you ever seen him swimming?
Do you think he made that mistake on purpose?
What subject do you think he is interested in?
You should have told him about it while he was here.
Didn't you know that he passed away two years ago?
Don't you know that he passed away two years ago?
Don't you know that he has been dead for these two years?
You should get your hair cut.
You must be a fool.
Can you ride a horse?
You can't ride a horse.
You will progress in proportion to your abilities.
You should work hard.
You must study hard.
You don't have a temperature.
You must not come in.
Need you work on Sunday?
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
What do you usually do on Sundays?
Are you a Japanese student?
Do you keep a diary?
Do you know how to cook meat?
You could count to ten when you were two.
You could count to ten when you were two years old.
You are not old enough to go swimming by yourself.
You work too hard.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You can't feel at ease with a headache.
You are too clever not to solve the hard problem.
You know the answer?
Do you live here?
I take it for granted that you will join.
I took it for granted that you were on my side.
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
You had better study English thoroughly.
You may as well leave at once.
You must go home at once.
It is necessary for you to see a doctor at once.
You may as well withdraw from the club right away.
Don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town?
You must be a late riser.
What do you have for breakfast?
Do you have bread for lunch?
How do you account for your being late?
You won't be late, will you?
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
You must have stayed up late.
You must be back on Sunday at the latest.
Sooner or later, you will regret your idleness.
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.
You ought to be ashamed.
You should have refused his request flatly.
Who are you waiting for?
You must build up your courage.
Whom are you speaking of?
You may invite whomever you like.
Are you meeting someone here?
Your reading is very advanced.
Can you tell wheat from barley?
You look very pale.
I'm proud of you.
You're running a big risk in trusting him.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Now that you are a big boy, you may do as you please.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
You look bored.
Do you like to be kept waiting?
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.
You may have read this book already.
You will be up against many difficulties.
You mustn't depend on others for help.
You are too inquisitive about other people's affairs.
You are too critical of others' shortcomings.
Can you throw a fastball?
You depend too much on others.
You have foul breath.
You are too sensitive to noise.
You look tiny next to a sumo wrestler.
You know quite a lot about Sumo.
You're giving me the same old line.
You look as healthy as ever.
You are to apologize to her for it.
All you have to do is try your best.
You should have locked, or at least closed, all the doors.
You never listen. I might as well talk to the wall.
You are a good student.
Can't you tell right from wrong?
You should distinguish between right and wrong.
You would do well to tell it to him in advance.
You will have heard this story before.
You made the same mistake as last time.
Are you for the war or against it?
Do you believe war will start?
You should follow your teacher's advice.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
You may as well ask for your teacher's advice.
You ran a red light.
You should swear on the Bible.
You must cultivate your mind.
Can you eat raw oysters?
You are made to be a poet.
You seem an honest man.
You seem to be an honest man.
You didn't have to dress.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
I should think you are right.
You may be right, but I am against your opinion.
Are you concerned with politics?
You can get ahead in the world.
He is ignorant of the world.
You will find it stated a few pages further on.
Are you fond of swimming?
You will soon get used to speaking in public.
You must not lose sight of your goal in life.
You were kind to help me.
Can you break away from your parents?
Do you believe in God?
If you study earnestly, you can expect to pass the exam.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
It is high time you started a new business.
How thoughtless of you to do that.
You can rely on him. He never lets you down.
You must clear the table.
Do you wash your hands before meals?
I think you'd better go on a diet.
You bought the food, so if I buy the wine that will even things up.
You really have a passion for food.
You had better not eat too much.
You had better be careful not to overeat.
You must account for your neglect of duty.
You are way off the track.
Are you in jest or in earnest?
You had better take a little rest.
I think you'd better take a rest; you look ill.
You're going too far.
What do you want to do in the future?
You work hard.
You are free to go out.
You have a way with women.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it.
You should start as early as you can.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
You are too old not to see the reason.
I take it that you are fully acquainted with the facts.
You are too negligent of those around you.
You won't be in time for school.
You should give up drinking.
You should not resort to drinking.
You should give up drinking and smoking.
You ought not to have spent so much money on your hobby.
You have a light hand, don't you?
Since you like to write letters, why don't you drop her a line?
Are you writing a letter?
You needn't have gone to the trouble.
He looks young. He cannot be older than I.
You are young. I, on the contrary, am very old.
You should pay back your debts.
You should pay your debts.
You should get your car fixed.
You had better have your car washed.
You cannot be too careful when driving.
You had better not drive a car.
Can you drive a car?
You can drive a car, can't you?
You don't have to make an apology.
You should apologize.
Did you actually see the accident?
Don't set your failure down to bad luck.
You should acknowledge your failure.
You must work hard in order not to fail.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
Do you know how to use a dictionary?
You should learn how to use your dictionary.
You are free to go home.
Do you have a room of your own?
You should learn to restrain yourself.
You should be true to your friends.
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.
What account can you give of your misbehavior?
You should try to cut your way.
You must cut down on extra expenses in order to live within your means.
You should live up to your principles.
You must share your jobs with others.
You should attend to your own business.
You must account for your conduct.
You'll have to answer for your behavior.
You are responsible for what you do.
You should be responsible for your actions.
You should be ashamed of your conduct.
You can't afford to neglect your health.
You are at liberty to make use of this room in any way you please.
You must perform your duty.
You should be more thoughtful of your safety.
You should read such books as will benefit you.
You are responsible for what you have done.
You should read such books as you consider important.
You yourself have to finish it.
You must do it yourself.
Are you sure of your facts?
You had better take into consideration that you are no longer young.
You must admit that you are in the wrong.
You should have introduced yourself.
You must control yourself.
You are the next in line for promotion.
You ought to get to work on time.
You should look after the children from time to time.
There is need for improvement in your handwriting.
You write a very good hand.
You must face the facts.
You ought to see a dentist.
You must employ your capital well.
You may as well prepare for your examination.
You should study hard so that you can pass the examination.
You are expected to pass the exam.
Do you take me for a fool?
You may laugh at me.
You do me wrong.
You can number me among your friends.
What on earth did you take me for?
You are the wickedest witty person I know.
You need not have helped my son with his homework.
You may use my new car.
You must do as I tell you.
You are to do as I tell you.
Are you for or against my plan?
You are welcome to the use of my yacht.
You have no claim on me.
I wish you had told me the truth.
You should have told me the truth.
You lied to me, didn't you?
I think you had better stay with us.
You ought to have come to our party.
You insist upon our taking that course of action.
You are to stay here until we come back.
All you have to do is to wait for me to return.
You don't know how worried I am.
You had better do as I suggest.
Can you imagine me making a cake?
You have only to follow the directions.
You must learn to obey instructions.
You finally succeeded in getting a job.
You are frustrated with your work.
You were late for work.
You should go about your business.
You'd better knuckle down to work.
Your hair wants cutting.
You had better take an umbrella with you.
All you have to do is wash the dish.
Did you call me up last night?
You are guilty of murder.
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.
Did you go out last night?
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
You did not come to school yesterday.
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
Why were you absent yesterday?
I advise you to be careful in making notes for the lecture.
All you have to do is do your best.
You should carry out his offer.
You must do your best.
You should be ready for the worst.
You work too hard these days. Aren't you tired?
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight.
You had better not see her now.
You look happy today.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
You look pale today.
You'd better not go out today.
You must not go out today.
You had better not see her today.
You look very charming today.
You ought to be on time if you start now.
It is necessary for you to start now.
You worked a lot this week.
You need not have a haircut this week.
You're coming with us now.
What are you about now?
You will need much more money than you do now.
Have you ever seen a kangaroo?
Can you get by on your wages?
You'd better start now.
It is necessary that you start at once.
Are you a senior high school student?
You were careless in your action.
You had better go.
You are old enough to behave yourself.
It is necessary for you to go.
You may go or stay at will.
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.
You have to go.
It's necessary for you to go.
You'd better not go.
You should make your ideas correspond with reality.
You will see a forest of masts in the harbor.
Are you happy?
You are really full of curiosity, aren't you?
You are free to do as you please with your money.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
You must do as you are told to do.
It was careless of you to lose the key.
You made a wise choice.
You did an excellent job.
Didn't you see a dog pass through the yard?
You had better give up smoking for your health.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
You had better leave there on Monday.
How many times a month do you write home?
You should do the honorable thing and resign.
You must make up your mind, and that at once.
You have to account for your absence.
How do you account for your absence?
You're off in your reckoning.
You had better call off your plan.
You must go through with your plan.
You should advocate disarmament.
You are the master of your own destiny.
You must judge for yourself.
You need to have friends who can help you out.
What do you base your theory on?
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
You must live up to your principles.
You should pay attention to your well-being.
You are wearing your socks inside out.
You have cleaned your shoes, haven't you?
You need not take off your shoes.
I suppose you're hungry.
You needn't have hurried to the airport.
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
You must come back before nine o'clock.
You can get a loan from a bank.
You should make an effort to stop smoking.
You had better not smoke while on duty.
You've left out a word in copying the textbook.
Are you trying to fish in troubled waters?
I think you had better take a rest.
You have no need to hurry.
You need not have hurried.
You needn't have hurried; you've arrived too early.
You'd better hurry up.
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is?
Where are you going to spend the vacation?
You are in need of a holiday.
You must go up the hill.
You must form regular habits.
You broke the rule.
You must act in accordance with the rules.
You should conform to the rules.
Did you inform your friends of your home-coming?
Clear up your desk a bit.
You had better make the most of your opportunities.
You're stepping into dangerous territory.
You must know you're faced with a crisis.
You look pale.
You look pale. You had better lie down in bed at once.
You are as white as a sheet.
I think that you're wrong.
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
You've done a perfect job.
You are nothing but a student.
You must not be absent from school.
You may be late for school.
What subjects are you taking at school?
He is, indeed, a man of his word.
Indeed you know a lot of things, but you're not good at teaching them.
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.
Would you like to go abroad?
Do you plan to go abroad?
You should have attended the meeting.
You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
You don't have proper dignity as chief of the section.
You like fruit.
You must be mindful of your family responsibilities.
You did not need to have your house painted.
Will you stay at home?
You will stay at home.
What grade are you in?
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
You may go anywhere.
What time are you going on duty?
What time will you get to the station?
You're too suspicious about everything.
How many books do you have?
What are you looking for?
What are you looking at?
What do you learn?
What do you intend to do?
You have put everything out of order.
What are you going to be?
What do you want to be?
What will you have?
What are you going to have?
You will have your own way.
What woke you up?
You want to have a finger in every pie, don't you?
What did you come here so early for?
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
Please let me know what you want.
I wonder if you have something to write with.
What do you like?
What do you want now?
You seem to be thinking of something else.
Do you belong to any clubs?
Do you love music?
You really have an ear for music.
You are not a coward.
You dropped your pencil.
Do you have any pencils?
First, you have to stop smoking.
It is necessary for you to stop smoking.
Are you not able to speak English?
Do you study English?
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
Did you try to review the English lessons?
Can you make yourself understood in English?
You can't speak English, can you?
He asked me if I could speak English.
You can speak English well, can you not?
You can swim, can't you?
Can you swim?
You can't swim, can you?
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
You're in luck. The plane is on time.
You are tallest.
You must not tell a lie.
What are you driving at?
Did you read it at all?
You have only to study hard, and you will pass the test.
You have only to study hard.
Being a teacher, you must learn to keep a tight rein on your emotions.
You'll never be alone.
You should follow the doctor's advice.
You'd better consult the doctor.
You had better ask the doctor for advice.
You are strong-minded.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
You've done it!
Do you remember seeing me before?
You must conquer your fear of the dark.
You should return home before it gets dark.
You are in a safe place.
You may rest assured; I have no ulterior motive in making this donation.
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
You've set a bad example.
Did you break the window on purpose or by accident?
How many days will you remain in London?
You must make up for the loss.
Don't you like apples?
You had better put on a raincoat.
You don't like love stories.
If you studied hard, you would get good marks.
You worked hard, or you would have failed.
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
How dare you speak to me like that?
How dare you speak like that?
You have a good chance to get well.
How dare you say that?
You're really a hard worker.
You have a good sense of humor.
Have you ever seen a UFO?
You are no longer a mere child.
You are apt to be forgetful.
You must take things as they are.
You should act more calmly.
It would be better for you to read more books.
You must study more.
You should have known better.
You should know better.
You are old enough to know better.
You should study harder.
You must study much harder.
All you have to do is to work harder.
You should be more careful.
You should take better care of yourself.
It is regrettable that you did not start earlier.
You should have come home before.
You should have completed it long ago.
You should eat more, or you won't get well soon.
You had better speak more naturally.
You'd better try to assert yourself more.
You should have been more careful with your health.
You ought to have been more careful.
You need to study harder.
You should have worked harder.
I think it necessary for you to study harder.
You should have been more careful.
You belong in a better place than this.
You should have come earlier.
Do you like Mozart's music?
Have you taken your medicine yet?
Have you solved all the problems yet?
It's high time you had a haircut.
You are old enough to stand on your own feet.
Now that you're grown up, you must not behave like that.
Now that you are grown-up, you ought to know better.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
You are now an adult.
Now that you have come of age, you should know better.
Now that you have come of age, you should be responsible for what you do.
Now you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
You must go to bed now.
You had better go to bed now.
You should have come a little earlier.
You must get up a little earlier.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
You must be less impatient.
You had better stay here a little longer.
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
Have you done all your homework?
Now that you have passed your test, you can drive on your own.
You are not a child any more.
You may go home now.
It is time you went to school.
Have you turned in your report?
It's high time you got going.
Have you finished reading that book yet?
Have you finished the work yet?
You are old enough to know this.
If you read this book again, you will have read it three times.
Now that you are eighteen, you can get a driver's license.
You are now old enough to support yourself.
You surprised everybody.
You've been properly led up the garden path.
You look as if it were none of your business.
You look as though nothing has happened to you.
You haven't changed at all.
You have made the very same mistake again.
Are you still smarting over my remarks?
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
Have you got a pen?
You will not take Bob's advice.
Are you planning on staying long in Berlin?
Can you speak French?
You can't speak French, can you?
You neglected to tell me to buy bread.
You failed to wake Harry up.
You'd better go by bus.
You must put an end to your foolish behavior.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
It appears that you have made a foolish mistake.
You have to go to the party.
You say Nessie is an imaginary being, but I think she exists.
You'll have to manufacture some kind of excuse.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
What a man you are!
How tall you are!
How kind you are!
How rude of you!
How lucky you are!
You're such a cute boy.
Do you want anything?
Why can't you come?
Why did you try to run away?
Why did you not go to the office?
Why do you accuse my son?
Why did you absent yourself from class yesterday?
What prevented you from coming earlier?
Why do you want to study abroad?
Why do you want to buy this book?
What do you need the money for?
Why did you use up all the money?
What a good thing you say!
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
How long have you been in Japan?
How often do you go abroad?
How long will you stay here?
You can always count on Tom.
You're a friend of Tom's, eh?
How do you get to school?
Which club do you belong to?
How high can you jump?
How tall are you?
You are very brave.
You look very tired.
That's very sweet of you.
Which bed do you want to use?
It's about time you got here!
Which one do you take?
Which of your parents do you take after?
You may go anywhere you like.
Wherever you go, you'll be welcomed.
Which college are you aiming for?
Where do you attend high school?
Where were you?
Do you feel at home anywhere?
How did you obtain these old postage stamps?
How about you?
What are you doing?
How did you come to know her?
Why don't you try to take your money back?
What has made you decide to work for our company?
How did you come up with such a good excuse?
Why did you say such a thing?
What have you come here for?
What has brought you here?
You don't know German, do you?
Do you not play tennis?
You'd better go home as soon as possible.
You don't like chocolate, do you?
You have just done your homework.
You should make sure of the fact without hesitation.
You have been imposed upon.
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.
You've been had.
You should give up smoking.
You must give up smoking.
It is best that you stop smoking.
You should give up smoking and drinking.
All you have to do is to obey my orders.
All you have to do is wait for his arrival.
All you have to do is to wait.
All you have to do is to join us.
All you have to do is wash the dishes.
You are to start at once.
You needn't have taken a taxi.
You have only to touch the button.
You have many books.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
Are you able to type?
You must not rely upon such a man.
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.
You had better not repeat such an error.
You must not depend so much on others.
You need not have hurried so much.
You need not have come here so early.
You don't need to worry about such a thing.
You shouldn't do such a thing.
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
You are not to do that.
It is impossible for you to do so.
You ought not to have done such a thing.
You shouldn't have done such a thing.
You may as well keep it a secret.
You can bank on that.
Who did you give it to?
You could have done it.
Were you to take it back?
Have you finished it?
Do you have one?
You can see it, but you cannot take it away.
You will wish you had never seen it.
You must practice it at regular intervals.
Did you buy it on the black market?
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.
What did you open it with?
You shouldn't have done it.
You ought not to have done that.
You needn't do it at once.
You must do it at once.
When did you finish it?
You have to cope with those difficult problems.
You're going about it in the wrong way.
Are you in favor of the workers getting more money?
You will not be able to catch the train.
Do you know the reason?
You have to judge the case without bias.
Could you solve the problem?
You should have introduced yourself to the girl.
You must return the book to him.
You need not have bought the book.
You may keep the book.
You will not be able to go through the book so quickly.
Are you for or against the bill?
You ought to know better at your age.
You ought to have seen the exhibition.
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
You should apply for that post.
Do you know where the girl lives?
Have you finished reading the novel?
You make too much of the event.
Are you sure about the cost of that car?
You should emphasize that fact.
You need not take account of the fact.
How do you account for the fact?
You must state the fact as it is.
You have no business complaining about the matter.
Did you watch the game?
Did you cut the paper?
You must look after the child.
You may as well do the task now.
Will you take on the job?
You have to overcome the difficulties.
You have a responsibility to explain that behavior to me.
You owe me an apology for that.
You have to account for the result.
You must inform your superior of the results.
You should abide by the consequences.
You are responsible for the result.
You should carry out the plan on schedule.
Are you for or against the plan?
You shouldn't have eaten the fish raw.
Did you ever see the fish?
You have to raise funds for the relief work.
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
Can you make out the meaning easily?
You'll have some difficulty in carrying out the plan.
Are you in favor of the plan or not?
You must get rid of that bad habit.
You must promise not to take the rope off.
You must be above such mean conduct.
Did you ever hear the like of it?
You look smart in the shirt.
Did you tape that concert?
Dare you ask him about it?
You are sure to succeed in time.
You'd better not go there.
You may go there.
Do you deny that you went there?
You had better not have gone there.
All you have to do is to meet her there.
You may as well say so.
You should have done so.
You will be delayed for only thirty minutes at worst.
You had better make a clean breast of everything.
You're wet through.
You aren't a spy, are you?
I hear that you've been ill.
You should have told me a long time ago.
You've got a lot of guts.
You'd better have your hair cut at once.
You may as well go to bed at once.
You may go at once.
You'd better set off at once.
You'll get well soon.
You've got it in one. That's right.
You will soon get accustomed to living here.
It is necessary for you to start at once.
You had better start at once.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
You may as well begin at once.
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.
You are to give up smoking at once.
You are to do it at once.
You will soon come to like this town.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
You ought to do it at once.
You may as well wash your shirt.
You're forever making mistakes.
You can stay with us for the time being.
What are you staring at?
You will soon regret your rash conduct.
You must adapt to a variety of conditions.
You may have mistaken Jane for his sister.
You'd better stay at home rather than go out on such a day.
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.
You are fortunate for having such good friends.
Did you do this on your own?
You have to put up with all these noises.
I hope you can come up with a better plan than this.
You must put these mistakes right.
You must read this book also.
Have you read this book already?
Have you read this book yet?
You have only to read a few pages of this book.
You are not to leave this room.
Do you know what this box is made of?
You have to put up with all this noise.
Where did you go last Sunday?
Can you swim across the river?
All you have to do is sign this paper.
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
You are not excused from the responsibility for this serious situation.
You will come to like this kind of music.
You can use this car.
You are asking too much for this car.
Since you have nothing to do with this matter, you don't have to worry.
You are old enough to understand this.
Can you make sense of this poem?
You are suitable for the job.
You'll have this composition written by noon tomorrow, won't you?
This ticket entitles you to a free meal.
You have no choice in this matter.
You should not think little of this result.
You had better avail yourself of this opportunity.
You should make use of this chance.
Can you read this kanji?
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
Can you get at the meaning of this passage?
You'll find yourself in deep water if you continue to live beyond your means.
It is important for you to keep this secret.
You should take advantage of this chance.
You are deeply involved with this.
How did you come by this money?
You have only to come here.
You have only to sign your name here.
All you have to do is sign your name here.
You have only to sit here.
You are safe so long as you stay here.
You had far better stay here.
You are to stay here.
You are secure from danger here.
You can study here.
You have only to wait here for him.
You'd better not wait here.
Are you going to sing here?
You are prohibited from smoking here.
What ever are you doing here?
How long did it take you to drive from here to Tokyo?
You had better get away from here at once.
You've drunk three cups of coffee.
Have you had any experience with this kind of work?
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
You must be mentally exhausted.
You'll certainly pass the coming exam.
Not only you but also I was involved.
Where are you from in Canada?
You will catch cold.
Since you have a cold, you must not go out.
You ought to have taken your father's advice.
You ought to take your father's advice.
You may as well follow your father's advice.
Have you visited the town where your father was born?
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.
Have you ever visited the office where your father works?
You don't get up as early as your sister.
You look just like your big brother.
You haven't any money.
Haven't you got any money?
Aren't you happy?
You have done very well.
You're starting to warm up now.
You are, so to speak, a fish out of water.
You are now among the elite.
When did you come to Japan?
When will you leave here?
You are at liberty to leave any time.
When will you be free?
When did you begin studying English?
You are always as busy as a bee.
You're always criticizing me!
You always like to trip me up, don't you?
You're always finding fault with me.
You always take things too easy.
You are always complaining.
You are always wearing a loud necktie.
You are always the cause of my worries.
You're always anticipating trouble.
You always excuse your faults by blaming others.
You always insist that you are in the right.
You are always doubting my word.
You are always finding fault with me.
You always talk back to me, don't you?
What time do you usually get up?
What time do you usually go to bed?
You are always watching TV.
You are watching TV all the time.
You are always hearing but not listening.
You are quite a man.
Once you begin, you must continue.
You can always ask a question in return.
What on earth are you talking about?
You will know the truth some day.
Some day you will have to reap the harvest of your own sowing.
How long have you been living in Kobe, then?
How long have you been alienated from your family?
You are naughty.
How much money do you want?
You have some books.
You've given me good advice.
You are a good boy.
You need not to have called me up so late at night.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.
You shouldn't talk back like that.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
You are right in a way.
Have you ever been to America?
You better brush up your English if you go to America.
You had better not work too hard.
You don't exert yourself much.
You are too much letter-bound.
You cannot buy that judge.
Have you ever been to that village?
I wish you had told me the truth then.
Are you on the committee?
You should have taken a chance then.
Do you know how high the television tower is?
You must stick to your promise.
You're a philosopher, aren't you?
You had better not associate with those men.
You are supposed to come at 7 o'clock.
You have to leave home at six.
You are expected to come by 5:00.
You must be at the station by 5 o'clock.
You must be here till five.
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.
You must keep quiet for a few days.
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.
You may as well have a day off, because you have been overworking those days.
I would rather you had a day off.
Can you do it in one day?
You should have refused his offer.
You need to have breakfast.
Did you leave the window open?
You should by all means read the book.
You should be ashamed of your folly.
Are you doing what you think is right?
You are the only man in the world that I can call my friend.
It is better for you to do it now.
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?
You had better set some money apart for your wedding.
You only started this job an hour ago.
Which party do you belong to?
You may as well tell me all about it.
You may choose either of the two books.
You have to report to the police at once.
All you have to do is wait on any customers that come to the shop.
You can't go naked in this hotel.
You must always keep your hands clean.
You are always digging at me about my clothes.
When did you begin learning German?
Please go on with your story.
Your story doesn't corroborate what I've heard before.
There may be some truth in your story.
Your story reminded me of my younger days.
Assuming your story is true, what should I do?
Judging from what you say, he must be a great scholar.
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.
I can hardly hear you.
Omit needless words!
Please give me your permanent address.
Your parents didn't come, did they?
Meg called you during your absence.
Your situation is analogous to mine.
I understand your position perfectly.
If I were in your situation, I would do the same thing.
I don't mean to challenge your theory.
I think your theory does not hold water.
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
Your summary is not up to par.
He came out shooting, same as you said he would.
Your prophecy has come true.
Your friendship is most precious to me.
I admire you for your courage.
I admire your courage.
I admire your brave deed.
I rest on your promise.
I'll keep your problems in mind.
I see no analogy between your problem and mine.
You have lovely eyes, don't you?
Your eyes are red with crying.
Where are your eyes?
Your eyes have a certain magnetism.
Your driver's license has expired.
I will sell the boat in accordance with your orders.
Are you sure you want to put your life in her hands?
Write your name in capitals.
I know your name.
Didn't you hear your name called?
Your daughter is not a child any more.
I admire your ignorance.
I have no interest in putting my money into your dreams.
This business plan of yours seems almost too optimistic. All I can say is I hope it's more than just wishful thinking.
Your dream will come true some day.
It won't be long before your dream comes true.
The day is sure to come when your dream will come true.
The day will surely come when your dream will come true.
The time will come when your dream will come true.
You have a regular pulse.
Tell me about your program for the future.
Your comic books are on the shelf.
How pretty your sister is!
What has become of your sister?
When did your sister leave Tokyo for London?
What grade is your sister in?
What's your real purpose?
Your book is double the size of mine.
Your book is on the desk.
I will be your guarantor.
Better to get advice from your lawyer.
I am sick of your complaint.
Your allotment is $20.
Your dress is unsuitable for the occasion.
Your room is out of order.
Your room is twice the size of mine.
Your room must always be kept clean.
You have been beaten. Give in!
Your father's supporters are not limited to his friends.
Please give my regards to your father.
Your father went through all that trouble for your sake.
I'm tired of your complaints.
Your wrongdoing is a disgrace to our school.
Your smile always makes me happy.
Your estimation of him is a little high, to say the least.
It's your move.
Your hair is too long.
Your hair really does look untidy.
Your remarks are off the point.
I can't help being a fool.
Your problem is similar to mine.
You should know better at your age.
At your age, I would think so, too.
At your age, you ought to know better.
Tell me about your daily life.
At your age you ought to support yourself.
Your second button is coming off.
You may read whichever book you like.
Without your consent, nothing can be done about it.
Your motive was admirable, but your action was not.
Check your answers with his.
Check your answer with his.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
Your answer is to the point.
Your answer isn't correct. Try again.
Your answer is right.
Your answer is anything but perfect.
Your answer is wrong.
Your answer is far from perfect.
Your answer is far from satisfactory.
If your answer is correct, it follows that mine is wrong.
I think your answer is correct.
It doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong.
Your efforts will soon pay off.
I'm sure your efforts will result in success.
Your efforts will pay off one day.
Your efforts will bear fruit someday.
Your effort will be rewarded in the long run.
Your efforts will be rewarded in the long run.
I hope your efforts will bear fruit.
Come and see me when it is convenient for you.
You can come and see me whenever it's convenient for you.
I forget your phone number.
I forget your telephone number.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
May I use your phone?
Your suggestion came up at the meeting.
His proposal is out of the question.
Your suggestion amounts to an order.
Your suggestion will be rejected by the teacher.
Your proposal is a bit extreme.
Your suggestion is of no practical use.
I can't agree to your proposal on the ground that it is not fair and reasonable.
I am in favor of your proposal.
I cannot agree to your proposal.
There is certain to be some opposition to your suggestion.
I don't mean to object to your proposal.
Bring your brother with you.
Is there no alternative to what you propose?
Your brother said you'd gone to Paris.
You'll be paid according to the amount of work you do.
How many schools are there in your city?
Can I count on your loyalty?
I'll act on your advice.
If only I had taken your advice.
If it were not for your advice, I would be at a loss.
Without your advice, I would have been robbed of my bag.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
Your idea leaves nothing to be desired.
It's none of your business.
Mind your own business!
When is your birthday?
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
Your birthday is drawing near.
You shall have a bicycle for your birthday.
I'll find someone to fill in for you.
Aren't you being very rude?
There's no room for excuses when it comes to your negligence, is there?
Your son has come of age.
Your son took part in the student movement, I hear.
Is this your son, Betty?
I cannot accept your gift.
I'm fed up with your constant complaining.
What's your major field?
Your explanation won't wash; it's too improbable to be true.
Your explanation sounds plausible, but it just doesn't hold water.
Go back to your seat.
You may have good reason to think that your youth is over.
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
Your voice carries well.
I don't for a moment doubt your honesty.
Your policy is mistaken.
Your marks were well below average this term.
I was glad to hear of your success.
I'm sure of your success.
Your success excites my envy.
Your success will largely depend upon how you will make good use of your opportunity.
Your success depends upon whether you work hard or not.
Your success depends on whether you pass the STEP examination or not.
Your success is the result of your hard work.
I am glad to hear of your success.
Which of your parents do you take after in character?
You're wide of the mark.
Your guess is entirely off the mark.
Your philosophy of life varies from mine.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
Your loving friend.
With reference to your request, I will support.
I read your new book with real delight.
Your new dress becomes you very well.
Let me put down your new phone number in my notebook.
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems.
I am far from pleased with your behavior.
What was it that caused you to change your mind?
I didn't mean to hurt you.
As you make your bed, you must lie on it.
Your principles are not consistent with your actions.
I don't like your taste in color.
We will make an exception of your case.
The button on your coat is coming off.
I like the way you smile.
Let's have a serious talk about your future.
I hope you have a happy future ahead of you.
Your advice has helped me see the light regarding my future.
Your advice is always helpful to me.
I expect your help.
I don't need your help.
But for your help, I should have failed.
Without your help, we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan.
He is equal to the task.
We'll start whenever you are ready.
We will exempt you from attending.
When will your assignment be completed?
The ice will give under your weight.
Write your address here.
Your income is about twice as large as mine.
Your income is about twice as large as mine is.
Your income is three times larger than mine.
Your attendance at classes was irregular.
I'll miss your cooking.
This happened prior to receiving your letter.
I received your letter yesterday.
Your letter made me happy.
What position do you hold?
Are your hands clean?
Your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father.
Please lend me your car.
Pull your car out a bit, I can't back my car out.
Would you mind lending me your car?
Your car makes too much noise. You should have it looked at.
Give me a lift in your car.
Compared with yours, my car is small.
What have you done with your car?
It is important that you attach your photo to the application form.
May I take your picture?
I would like your picture.
Your question does not bear on the subject under discussion.
Your question is not relevant to the subject.
Your questions were too direct.
Your question is hard for me to answer.
You have Jim to thank for your failure.
Will you lend me your dictionary?
May I borrow your dictionary?
Look up the definition of 'guy' in your dictionary.
Look up the words in your dictionary.
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
Your bike is better than mine.
Is your watch correct?
Your watch seems to be very valuable.
Your watch is similar to mine in shape and color.
Your watch is more expensive than mine.
Your watch is ten minutes slow.
What time is it by your watch?
Where are your things?
It is not my part to meddle in your affairs.
Your examination results are excellent.
Your point may be a little off target, but it certainly is close.
Just follow your heart.
The population of your city is about five times as large as that of my town.
Your sister enjoys watching sumo wrestling on TV.
Your sister's as beautiful as ever.
I am only too glad to help you with your work.
I think your work is all right.
Your work is below average.
Your work didn't come up to our expectations.
Your work comes short of the expected standard.
What do you do?
Your work has greatly improved.
How is your work coming along?
Don't take it amiss if I criticize your work.
When your business gets rolling we'll talk about an increase.
May we accompany you on your walk?
I left your umbrella in the bus.
All the compositions were good except yours.
Compare your composition with the example.
Your English composition is above the average.
Your composition was good except for the spelling.
Your composition leaves nothing to be desired.
Your composition is very good, and it has few mistakes.
Your composition is as good as ever.
Your composition is perfect except for a few mistakes.
Your composition is free from all grammatical mistakes.
There are few mistakes in your composition.
Your essay has some mistakes, but as a whole it is very good.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
When talking about your last results, it is dependent on the last examination.
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.
The trouble with you is that you talk too much.
What you have said doesn't apply to you.
Where do you come from?
Do you eat rice in your country?
You should come early in order for him to read your manuscript before your speech.
Your conduct is perfectly legal.
Your conduct doesn't become a gentleman.
Your behavior is in conflict with your principles.
Your behavior is quite out of place.
Your behavior is too extraordinary.
Your behavior admits of no excuse.
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.
You are not consistent in your actions.
Your action has offended his dignity.
Your conduct is beyond bearing.
What you did brought disgrace on the whole class.
I am ashamed of your conduct.
I cannot support your conduct.
I can't decide unless you tell me your plan.
Show me a fact which supports your idea.
Please sum up your idea.
Express your idea clearly.
We have decided to adopt your idea.
Your ideas are different from mine.
Your way of thinking is quite distinct from mine.
Your guess is almost right.
We all consider that your idea is impractical.
Your idea is absolutely impossible.
Your ideas are ahead of the times.
Your idea seems to be similar to mine.
Your view is too optimistic.
Your ideas are quite old fashioned.
Your thoughts are of no significance at all.
Your idea differs entirely from mine.
Say frankly what, in your own eyes, is right.
I liked your idea and adopted it.
I envy you your luck.
You may invite any person you like.
Choose your favorite racket.
Do as you like.
You may act however you wish.
Make your choice.
You have the freedom to travel wherever you like.
I am amazed at your audacity.
You should make the best of your limited time.
Your words are as good as violence.
Your remark amounts almost to insult.
Judging from what you say, he may succeed.
I know what you mean.
What you are saying does not make sense.
What you are saying is equal to "no", isn't it?
What you are saying is nothing but building a castle in the air.
I don't quite follow you.
You're just being diplomatic.
You are not consistent.
It appears to me that you are right.
She cannot have understood what you said.
I accept what you say to some extent.
What you said does not apply to this case.
What you said is also true of this case.
What you say is neither here nor there.
Admitting what you say, I cannot agree with you.
I think you're right.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are wrong.
Admitting what you say, I still think that you were wrong.
I admit that what you say is true, but I don't like the way you say it.
Though I admit what you say, I still think you are wrong.
Admitting what you say, I still think I am right.
While I accept what you say, I still think I'm right.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are mistaken.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are in the wrong.
I can not make out at all what you say.
You may be right.
What you say is right.
I find it difficult to believe.
Your words must correspond with your actions.
Aren't you pushing it too far?
While I see what you say, I can't accept your offer.
What you say is quite wide of the mark.
You are off the point.
All that you say is perfectly correct.
What you say is usually true.
What you say is quite different from what I heard from him.
I can't see what you mean.
You should pay more attention to what you say.
There is much truth in what you say.
I can make nothing of what you do or say.
If what you say is true, it follows that he has an alibi.
I don't follow.
I don't get what you mean.
Your study will bear fruit.
Your dog may be really depressed.
What's become of your dog?
I have been anxious about your health.
I envy your good health.
Your conclusion is highly arguable.
Your decision is open to some debate.
You can go or stay, as you wish.
I'm sorry to upset your plans.
I will go along with your plan.
Your plan is of no earthly use.
Your scheme is like a house built on the sand.
Your plan is bound to fail.
I'm afraid your plan will not work.
Tell me the object of your plan.
Your plan seems better than mine.
I approve of your plan.
Tell me about your plan.
Admittedly your plan makes sense, but I still think it will be very hard to carry out.
There is a big hole in your stocking.
Your shoes do not go with the suit.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
Your shoes are here.
I'm sick of listening to your complaints.
I cannot help laughing at your folly.
You can read any book that interests you.
It is not wise to put your money on a horse.
Had it not been for your cooperation, I could not have finished the work in time.
Do you know what you're asking?
I forbid you to smoke.
His argument is more radical than yours.
Your poor memory is due to poor listening habits.
The sooner you return, the happier your father will be.
Leave your desk as it is.
I think your basic theory is wrong.
Your wish will come true in the near future.
What's your wish?
Your eyes remind me of stars.
That is no business of yours.
Where is your school?
How many pupils are there in your school?
Your singing puts professional singers to shame.
Your house needs repairing.
Your house is three times as large as mine.
What direction does your house face?
Make a sketch of your house.
I wish I could live near your house.
How many rooms are there in your house?
Let's meet halfway between your house and mine.
How far is it from your house to the park?
Let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school.
The time has come for you to play your trump card.
It is surprising that your wife should object.
Can I use your pencil?
Your pencils need sharpening.
You burnt a hole in my coat with your cigarette.
Your speech will be recorded in history.
I count on your help.
If it had not been for your aid, I would not have succeeded in my business.
Without your assistance I would have failed.
If it had not been for your support, he would have failed in business.
Your English composition leaves nothing to be desired.
Your English leaves nothing to be desired.
Your English is improving.
Your English is perfect.
I think your English has improved a lot.
Your English has improved a lot.
Your English has made gradual progress.
You are now quite at home in English.
Your method of teaching English is absurd.
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.
Every little thing you say gets on my nerves.
I want your opinion.
Don't press your opinions on me.
Your opinion is similar to mine.
Your opinion is far different from mine.
Your opinion is very constructive.
I agree with some of your opinions.
Are your opinions representative of those of the other students?
Your opinion is off the mark. That's plain to anyone.
Granting that favor is out of the question.
Do you think that you can put your idea into practice?
Your idea sounds like a good one.
It all depends how you handle it.
I'm annoyed at your selfishness.
Do the first example in your workbook.
I'll study your report.
Your report is pretty good, if not excellent.
There are several spelling errors in your essay.
I was disappointed with your paper.
If it had not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
Had it not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
Will you give me your radio for my bicycle?
Your selfishness will lose you your friends.
Your sense of humor is beginning to exert itself.
I entirely approve of what you say.
I am losing my patience with you.
I don't know what to make of your actions.
Your method is different from mine.
You're on the right track.
What you did is against the rules.
Your time is up.
It was very hard for me to find your flat.
Look about you.
I blush for your mistake.
I'll give you anything that you want.
What's new with you? How is your new job working out?
You have the advantage of me.
Can I use your pen?
Your pen is better than mine.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Your plan sounds great.
Your pitching is far superior to mine.
If I find your passport, I'll call you at once.
Your tie blends well with your suit.
Your tie has come undone.
Your dress is very nice.
I'll give you a call before I visit you.
I'll come to your place.
Your team doesn't have a prayer to win the championship game.
I'm glad that your team won the game.
I have good news in store for you.
I'll make a model plane for you.
I'm not going out on a limb for you because you never helped me before.
Choose such friends as will benefit you.
I will do all I can for you.
You should keep company with such men as can benefit you.
Don't be angry with me, for I did it for your sake.
I am ready to do anything for you.
I will do anything for you.
I'd do any damn thing for you.
I'd jump through hoops for you.
Your excellent work puts me to shame.
What's the weight of your suitcase?
Your joke bears repeating.
You went too far in your joke.
Your shirt is torn. You better put on another shirt.
Your shirt button is coming off.
I respect you for what you have done.
This advice of yours will go a long way toward solving the problem.
We are worried about you.
I have absolute trust in you.
Your word puts me in fear of death.
What are you fond of?
Is this your glass or your sister's?
Your cake is delicious.
How many are there in your class?
Your collar has a stain on it.
Your camera is not as excellent as my camera.
Your camera is only half the size of mine.
Here is your bag.
I took your umbrella by mistake.
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
Your mother is in critical condition.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
We came on account of your sick mother.
I think your father hoped you would go to college.
A friend of your father's friend is not always your father's friend.
I'd like to see your father.
Your sister looks as noble as if she were a princess.
Is your uncle still abroad?
What does your aunt do?
Where does your uncle live?
Thanks to your help, I could succeed.
Thanks to you, the job went well.
Thanks to you, I spent all my money.
Your essay is admirable in regard to style.
I have no idea what you mean.
I'm tired of your everlasting grumbles.
Your chair is identical to mine.
I believe you.
While I understand what you say, I can't agree with you.
I don't agree with you.
Is your apartment well maintained?
Your idea cannot be brand new. I heard about it from another source last year.
Your idea is definitely worth thinking about.
I will dry your T-shirt.
Your T-shirt will dry soon.
I regret that I told you.
I have something to tell you.
I was almost afraid to talk to you.
I have some good news for you.
I will find you a good doctor.
I want you to go to the post office.
You can count on the $3,000 I have promised you.
I'll make you a model plane.
I will forgive him out of consideration.
I will forgive him out of consideration for you.
There's a phone call for you from Akemi.
I want you to read this book.
Didn't I lend you some books? I'm sure I did.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
What you need is, in a word, patience.
All you need is to get a driver's license.
I will tell you a secret.
I have a message for you from her.
You can't have understood what he said.
I feel for you.
I cannot help you, not but that I pity you.
I'll boil you the beans.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
You are wanted on the phone.
I couldn't call you; the telephone was out of order.
I must offer you an apology for coming late.
I'll lend it to you.
I look around but it's you I can't replace.
You shall have a nice present.
Do you know good from evil?
We'll give you your revenge.
Dozens of letters are awaiting you.
I'll make you a new suit.
Let me give you a bit of advice.
I will never forget seeing you.
I ordered you to get out.
I was going to write to you, but I was too busy.
Who is that girl waving to you?
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
I would like you to go instead of me.
I'll lend you my notebook.
I'm adamant that you should go.
I can only say that I agree with you.
I want you to go.
I have been reflecting on what you said to me.
I wanted to show it to you.
I am counting on you to deliver the opening address.
I waited outside on the chance of seeing you.
I'm very glad to see you.
I am looking forward to seeing you.
It's always delightful to see you.
To see you is always a great pleasure.
I was chagrined at missing you.
How I've missed you!
I'll tell you how to swim.
I would like you to come with me.
There is a piece of good news for you.
You are in part responsible for it.
You ought to have seen it.
I want you to work harder.
I want to see you again.
I'm leaving it to you.
You have a bright future.
He couldn't be good for you.
You have no cause for anger.
You've got nothing to complain of.
You shall want for nothing.
I feel indebted to you for your help during my illness.
You have knowledge and experience as well.
What seems simple to you seems complex to me.
I take my hat off to you.
I want you to be the next Soseki.
You have as much right as everyone else.
You have a tendency to talk too fast.
Life lies in front of you.
Don't you have a sense of justice?
You have many caring friends.
You are very trying to me sometimes.
I expect you to be punctual.
You got me!
Can't you understand the pain of your parents?
There is nothing wrong with you.
You have a gift for music.
I can't lie to you.
I can't hide the fact from you.
You make me feel so guilty.
I've given up on you!
You have the advantage of a good education.
I expect you to work harder.
There are few high-ranking positions left open for you.
You are entitled to try once again.
You are hopeless.
You have a good friend in me.
I bear no grudge against you.
I'm afraid this job is too much for you.
I expect you know all about it.
You have no business doing it.
You deserve the prize.
You have no right to say so.
I take my hat off to you!
I blush for you.
Green suits you.
I am disgusted with you.
I can't thank you enough.
You seem to be insensible of their good intentions.
You have no right to oppose our plan.
All you can do is to wait.
I can't keep up with you.
I'd like to talk with you in private.
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.
How can you say that?
You should have seen it.
I'll stand behind you if you are going to do it.
I guess that you can't do it.
We want you to sing the song.
I hope you have brains enough to see the difference.
Didn't I tell you so?
When you put it so strongly, I can't say I don't agree.
I'm anxious to see you.
You shall have a reward.
I'll lend you this book.
I'll give you this pendant.
I'll give you this camera.
I'll give you this money.
Never did I dream of meeting you here.
It is quite a surprise to see you here.
I little dreamed of seeing you here.
You play the guitar quite like a professional, don't you?
Let me give you some advice.
I'll treat you.
I have a nice present to give you.
Can you do that?
I never see you but I think of my brother.
I owe you ten dollars.
A thousand yen is owed to you.
You should not play a joke on me.
Do your work in your own way.
I thought you'd be the last person to do such a thing.
If I were you, I'd be able to succeed.
You can make it! Go for it. I'll stand by you.
You deserve to succeed.
You could get into the Guinness Book of World Records as the heaviest drinker.
I can't think of life without you.
It's not the time but the will that you lack.
I have no more time to talk with you.
You and I are good friends.
You and I are the same age.
Is it right that you and I should fight?
Beside you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
What's your relation with him?
I am not to blame any more than you are.
He, just like you, is a good golfer.
I as well as you am to blame.
I am not excited any more than you are.
I as well as you was late for school yesterday.
I share your idea.
I bought the same shirt as yours.
He is no more a fool than you are.
If only I could speak English as fluently as you!
You and I are very good friends.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
Either you or I have to go there.
It is hard to distinguish you from your brother.
I feel relaxed with you.
I'll take my chances with you.
I'd love to go with you to the show, but I'm flat broke.
I'd like to go with you, but as it is I can't.
I'd like to go to the seaside with you.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
It is a great pleasure being with you.
I beg to differ, as I disagree with your analysis of the situation.
It pains me to disagree with your opinion.
Listen, um, I was wondering, what are you and Molly doing tonight?
You and I are good friends, but we have little in common.
I'm leaving you tomorrow.
I often think about the place where I met you.
I would like to go to the concert with you.
He'll be sure to smell a rat if I'm with you.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
You really are hopeless.
You two are the nucleus of the team.
I'll get something to drink for both of you.
I don't like both of you going to such a place.
There is enough bread for all of you.
Divide the cake among you three.
You students are supposed to be diligent.
How old will you be next year?
You had better not start until they arrive.
You should pay attention to his story.
You must not smoke till you grow up.
What are you learning from the teacher?
You are young boys.
You belong to the next generation.
You may swim now.
You are to hand in your assignments by Monday.
You didn't need to hurry.
You must conform to the rules.
All of you did good work.
What do you learn at school?
You should try to be more polite.
All of you are diligent.
You must start at once.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
You must study hard and learn many things.
All you have to do is to learn this sentence by heart.
Are you students at this school?
You have to share the cake equally.
You should know what to read.
Compare your translation with the one on the blackboard.
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
Who is your teacher?
What was the cause of your quarrel?
I don't approve your decision.
I wonder which of you will win.
There are merits and demerits to both your opinions so I'm not going to decide right away which to support.
Your team is stronger than ours.
Any of you can do it.
Which of you came here first?
Did any of you gentlemen wait on this man?
I think I might join you, but I haven't decided yet.
You've got no alibi for the day of the murder.
Just as you treat me, so I will treat you.
If you're going to the beach, count me in.
When will you complete the preparations?
Boys, don't make any noise.
All you have to do is wait.
Not only you but I also was to blame.
Not only you but also he is ignorant of the truth.
He as well as you likes baseball.
Not only are you wrong, but I am wrong too.
We are both to blame.
You are not the only one responsible for it, I am too.
Only you answered the question.
Only you can carry the bag.
What a memory you have.
You're the only one who can do it.
I'm quite all right if you have no objection to it.
You are the man I've been looking for.
You're the best man for the job.
Don't you move from here.
I hadn't recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it.
I was disappointed at your absence.
Well may you ask why!
I had been to the hospital before you came.
I took it for granted that you would come.
I had no idea that you were coming.
It doesn't matter whether you come or not.
It does not matter to me whether you come or not.
It's a pity that you can't come.
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.
What is it that you want?
I want you.
Either you or your friend is wrong.
I'm amazed by the ease with which you solve the problem.
I will have left when you return.
He will have left here by the time you return.
I will have left here before you return.
I take it from your silence that you are not satisfied with my answer.
We thought we would write out the directions, in case you got lost.
I want to know if you'll be free tomorrow.
I am glad that you have returned safe.
What would you do if you were in my place?
I would like you to think about what you would have done in my place.
What would you do in my place?
That you don't believe me is a great pity.
The information you gave me is of little use.
You or I will be chosen.
Either you or I am wrong.
It is not necessary for you to take his advice if you don't want to.
If you're busy, I'll help you.
Didn't they teach you common sense as well as typing at the school where you studied?
I noticed you entering my room.
Never did I dream that you would lose.
I will lend you whatever book you need.
I need you.
You do not necessarily have to go there yourself.
You did well to keep the secret.
Whether you like her or not, you can't marry her.
I don't know whether you like her or not.
It is not good that you did not ask her name.
It is cruel of you to find fault with her.
What you said to her isn't accepted as a joke.
Either you or she has to go there.
As you have insulted him, he is cross with you.
We thought it wrong that you should punish him.
It is no use your waiting for him.
It is no use your trying to persuade him.
Does he know that you love him?
Imagine yourself to be in his place.
You did well not to follow his advice.
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.
You did wrong to refuse his help.
Either you or he is wrong.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
It was wise of you to ask him for help.
You are quite justified in answering him back.
Whatever you said to him made him feel better.
I can't approve of your going out with him.
I cannot approve of your going out with him.
I don't approve of your going out with him.
Either you are right or he is.
Show me what you bought.
How much is the car you are planning to buy?
I saw you with a tall boy.
He is no more foolish than you are.
It is amazing that you won the prize.
It is amazing; you should have won the prize.
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
I'll take over your duties while you are away from Japan.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
I don't object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
I'm very happy you'll be visiting Tokyo next month.
You have good reason to be angry.
The success resulted from your efforts.
We were just talking about you when you called.
It is difficult for you to climb to the mountaintop.
It's quite plain that you haven't been paying attention.
Your advice led me to success.
It is a pity that you can't join us.
You had better not wake me up when you come in.
I sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness.
Unless you make a decision quickly, the opportunity will be lost.
I hope that you will get well soon.
I found the very thing you had been looking for.
It is plain that you have done this before.
I don't care whichever you choose.
It is not surprising that you should be scolded by your teacher.
You speak first; I will speak after.
Well do I remember the day you were born.
I guess you are right.
If you are honest, I will hire you.
Do what you think is right.
Your success depends on your efforts.
Whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts.
I'm so glad that you succeeded.
I am glad that you have succeeded.
I'm glad to hear of your success.
Tell me when you will call me.
It's to your credit that you told the truth.
What happened to the girl you were sharing the bedroom with?
I should be glad if you got the job.
You may or may not win.
I will do it on the condition that you help me.
If it were not for your help, I might have failed.
Thanks to your help, I could understand the book quite well.
Your o's look like a's.
They will have arrived there before you start.
He came after you left.
You must do your homework at once.
Who took care of the dog while you were away?
I will wait till you have written the letter.
It is strange that you should fail.
You may fail, for all I care.
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough.
When you speak of a pay-raise before recognition, I am inclined to think you are putting the cart before the horse.
A time will come when you will regret your action.
You may as well go yourself.
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
You talk next and you be quiet.
We heard the news that you had passed the exam.
I think it's a pity you could not come to our party.
I don't like you any more than you like me.
I love you more than you love me.
Either you or I must go in his place.
What's the reason that made you call me?
What is it that you want me to do?
I can't thank you enough for what you did for me.
I hope you will join us in the parade and march along the street.
I wish you could come with us.
I'll look after your affairs when you are dead.
I don't have as much money as you think.
How much money did you spend in total?
Can you account for all the money you spent?
I will wait until you have finished your homework.
It makes no difference whether you agree or not.
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.
It was wise of you to take your umbrella with you.
Show me the doll that you bought yesterday.
Nothing is so tasty as the dish you make.
I'll help you so long as you do your best.
Choose the color you like the best.
The paint on the seat on which you are sitting is still wet.
It makes little difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
It will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
Your mother has made you what you are.
What you've just told me chimes in with what I heard yesterday.
What you need the most now is courage.
This is all you have to do now.
It is necessary for you to go and encourage the girl.
It makes no difference whether you go or not.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
If you don't go, I won't, either.
You don't have to go unless you want to.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
Your meaning is beyond me.
What you have said applies only to single women.
What you said surprised me.
Whatever you may say, I won't give it up.
The picture you are looking at is a copy of a Picasso.
The picture you are looking at costs 100,000 yen.
What I can't make out is why you have changed your mind.
I'll make allowances for your lack of experience.
By the time you get out of jail, she'll probably have gotten married.
Either you or your brother is wrong.
I know you are rich.
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
I hope you'll never turn Communist.
What a lonely world it will be with you away!
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
I will not allow you to be ill-treated.
He will be studying when you get up.
She'll have left before you come back.
I wish you could drop in at my house on your way home.
I'll stay here till you get back.
I will have finished the work before you return.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
Thanks to your stupidity, we lost the game.
It's clear that you're wrong.
I do not for a moment think you are wrong.
I can't help but think you're making a mistake.
If you are wrong, I am wrong too.
You shouldn't have paid the bill.
It is important for you to learn a foreign language.
I'll open the curtain for you to look out.
I'm counting on you to join us.
I am counting on you to join us.
It is a pity that you cannot travel with us.
Hearing you sing, people might take you for a girl.
I'll come again when you are free.
It's no use your saying anything.
Whatever you may say, you won't be believed.
Say what you will, he won't accept your invitation.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
It matters little what you do.
I do not mind what you do.
Whatever you say, I'll marry her.
Say what you will, I will act on my own judgement.
No matter what you say, he still won't do it.
Whatever you may say, I don't believe you.
It's good to talk things over before you buy something.
I wish you were close to me.
It was bad of you to get angry at your wife.
Your refusal to help complicated matters.
I can no more speak French than you can speak English.
What is the main purpose of your studying English?
If you could only speak English, you would be perfect.
It's evident that you told a lie.
What is that thing in your right hand?
Would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some?
It seems as if you are the first one here.
It is risky for you to go into that area alone.
I enjoyed the holiday all the better for being with you.
As long as you stick to one style, you can't hit upon a wonderful idea.
You are to blame.
You are not to blame, nor is he.
It is plain that you are to blame.
You need not take the trouble to go there.
You're going to leave for London next Sunday, aren't you?
It is because you are lazy that you cannot write your report.
I will come on Monday unless you write to the contrary.
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
You go first.
I heard it from you.
I stayed home last night to be able to receive your call.
I didn't expect such a nice present from you.
You can do whatever you want to.
It was silly of you to trust them.
I would do it in a different way than you did.
What you've done is profitable only to the enemy.
In terms of the pay you will get, is this a good job?
If you were to fall from that bridge, it would be almost impossible to rescue you.
If you ask him again, he may change his mind.
No harm will come to you.
I think it's wonderful that you're going on a picnic.
Is it true that you are going to Paris?
I am not any more foolish than you are.
The shoes you are wearing look rather expensive.
I will see to it that you meet her at the party.
Say what you will, I think he is an honest person.
I will help him no matter what you say.
Say what you will; I won't change my mind.
I marvel how you could agree to the proposal.
It is obvious why you have a stomach-ache.
I can imagine how you felt.
However fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
Try as you may, you will not be able to read as many as five novels in a day.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
I have a good mind to strike you for being so rude.
No matter where you may go, don't forget to write to me.
I must go there irrespective of what you think.
You should have nothing to complain about.
No wonder you could not open the door.
What is it that makes you think that way?
I'm surprised at your behavior.
It's strange you say that.
I will do my best to put such an idea out of your head.
How can I feel relaxed, with you watching me like that?
I can't abide hearing you cry so bitterly.
It is outrageous that you should spend so much money.
It is a pity that you should lose such a chance.
It is foolish of you to believe such a thing.
It's absurd of you to do that.
It is absurd of you to do that.
It is no use your trying to deny it.
It is a great pity that you don't know it.
It makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not.
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not.
It is right that you should write it.
The day will come when you will realize it.
The time will come when you'll regret it.
I'm glad you liked it.
You are mad to try to do it all alone.
I wish you had not told the story to my mother.
When was it that you visited the museum?
It is no wonder that you are turning down the proposal.
What made it difficult for you to carry out the plan?
It is absolutely necessary that you be at the meeting.
You have no good reason for thinking as you do.
I cannot believe you did not see him then.
Ten to one you can pass the test.
The time will come when you will be sorry for it.
I'll do it, if you insist.
I can't work with you standing there.
By the time you got there, the sun had set.
You gave me a real surprise when you showed up there.
Since you say so.
You may well say so, but I cannot agree.
There is no reason why you shouldn't do such a thing.
I don't blame you.
I can't allow you to do that.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it.
I don't blame you for doing that.
We will pay you according to the amount of work you do.
I'm glad you enjoy skiing, but I guess it's just not my cup of tea.
I'll do everything you tell me to do.
Your conduct is absolutely shameful.
I cannot see you behaving like that.
I didn't expect you to get here so soon.
It was too bad you couldn't come.
It's a pity that you couldn't come.
It is easy for you to solve this problem.
You wrote this book?
I didn't know that you were in this town.
It is dangerous for you to swim in this river.
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.
It is very difficult for you to do this work.
The time will come when you will understand this.
Where was it that you found this key?
I didn't expect you to turn up here.
There is no need for you to stay here.
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
With you here beside me I'm not afraid of anything. You're my fortress.
The watch you gave me doesn't keep time.
I had no notion that you were coming.
My life would be completely empty without you.
You'll be missed by your friends.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
I miss you badly.
How I miss you.
I miss you very much.
We all miss you very much.
We will miss you badly.
Whenever you come, I'm ready.
It is because you work too much that you are sleepy all the time.
Why is it that you are always late?
You may stay here as long as you like.
You can talk until you're blue in the face, but you'll never convince me.
Laugh as much as you like; I'll stick to my plan to the bitter end.
I cannot endure your going.
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.
If only you had told me the whole story at that time!
It is impossible for you to jump two meters high.
We think it is very dangerous that you're climbing the mountain alone.
Here is a letter for you.
Are you saying that our plan was accepted? I hope you're not showing me any premature happiness here.
You, be quiet!
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
You've filled out.
What time will you leave?
You don't understand.
You can do this with ease.
You come here.
Repetition helps you remember something.
Chestnuts have to be boiled for at least fifteen minutes.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
A bear can climb a tree.
The bear left no stone unturned in his search for fat bugs under the rocks.
Bears also tend to sleep more during the day than at night, although in the summer, with twenty-four hours of light, this does not apply.
How long does a bear sleep?
The bear began tearing at the tent.
When bears sleep or lie down, their postures depend on whether they want to get rid of heat or conserve it.
No one noticed the bear's appearance.
Take off your socks, please.
Stockings should be of the proper size.
Are my socks dry already?
There is a hole in your sock.
There are fashions for socks as well.
Put on your shoes. Let's go out for dinner.
Please put on your shoes.
Put on your shoes.
Before buying shoes, you should try them on.
Take off your shoes.
Please take off your shoes.
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
I bought a pair of shoes.
Give my shoes a good shine.
The shoelace came untied.
Your shoes need brushing. They are muddy.
Shoes are stiff when they are new.
Shoes are sold in pairs.
Where're the shoes?
You must keep your shoes clean.
How soon can I have my shoes mended?
Tie your shoelaces.
Gum got stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
The soles of my shoes are worn.
Brush off the dust from your shoes.
What size shoes do you wear?
My shoes hurt. I'm in agony.
Your feet are swollen because your shoes are too small.
Please remove the mud from your shoes.
I'd like some shoes.
My shoes are worn out.
The shoes are worn out.
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.
It's a catch.
I would rather die than live in dishonor.
The Sumida is not a good river for us to swim in any more.
Could we have a table in the corner?
Don't leave it up to chance.
The man in the corner addressed himself to the husband.
I met her by accident.
By chance we saw him as he came out of the shop.
It just so happened that Mr Yamada came from the same town.
It is true that he did it, whether by accident or by design.
What a coincidence!
I just came up with the word.
I found the book by accident.
I found that restaurant by accident.
I met her by chance.
I happened to witness the bullying in the corridor.
By chance, I met her in the street.
By chance I met my ex-girlfriend in Portugal.
It happened that I saw my friend walking in the distance.
Even times odd is even, odd times odd is odd.
The sky promises fair weather.
The sky looks angry.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain at any moment.
Judging from the look of the sky, we may have snow tomorrow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is going to snow.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will clear up in the afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is likely to rain.
Judging from the sky, it will rain soon.
From the look of the sky, it may begin to snow tonight.
From the look of the sky I'm afraid the rain won't let up for a while.
I felt hungry.
With hunger and fatigue, the dog died at last.
Hunger is one of the greatest social miseries.
Hunger is the best sauce.
He cannot be hungry; he has just had lunch.
Hunger compelled the boy to steal money from the cash register.
Hunger drove him to steal.
It is a shameful fact that, while there are lands where people suffer from hunger, within Japan there are many households and restaurants where much food is thrown away.
Hungry and thirsty, we at last reached the inn.
He has a hungry look.
My stomach is clenched with hunger.
I must make up for lost time.
Fantasy is often the mother of art.
Our house was robbed while we were away.
In his fantasy, he imagined he was a famous writer.
With the power of imagination, we can even travel through space.
He built castles in the air all day.
Are seats available?
There is no sense in standing when there are seats available.
Fill in the blanks.
Fill in the blanks with suitable words.
Karate is an art of unarmed defense.
You are hearing things.
I saw a flock of birds flying aloft.
Where can I get a shuttle bus at the airport?
I'll drive you to the airport.
I arranged for a car to meet you at the airport.
May I accompany you to the airport?
How much will it cost to get to the airport?
How far is it to the airport?
How long do you think it will take to go to the airport?
I'll accompany you to the airport.
Let's stay somewhere with easy airport access.
Where does the airport bus leave from?
Please tell me how to get to the airport.
I went to the airport by taxi.
You should allow an hour to go to the airport.
I could've met you at the airport.
The airport was closed because of the fog.
Where can I get the airport bus?
Where do I get an airport bus?
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?
The airport is close at hand.
I prefer a hotel by the airport.
As soon as he arrived at the airport, he phoned his office.
Arriving at the airport, I saw the plane taking off.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
Upon arriving at the airport, he said, "I'm glad I could come back."
Arriving at the airport, I called her up.
I had a hard time getting to the airport.
I have to go to the airport to meet my family.
There were a great many people at the airport.
There were hundreds of taxis at the airport, all touting for business.
What time should I go to the airport?
Upon arriving at the airport, he made a phonecall to his wife.
Please pick me up at the airport at five.
We saw her off at the airport.
The long wait at the airport was tedious.
A time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people.
They shook hands when they met at the airport.
Please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown.
How long does it take to your office from the airport?
Is there a shuttle bus between the hotel and airport?
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?
Is it possible to take a shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel?
To live without air is impossible.
Oxygen from the air dissolves in water.
Tiny particles in the air can cause cancer.
Because of the problem of air pollution, the bicycle may some day replace the automobile.
Air is a mixture of gases that we cannot see.
Air is invisible.
Air is a mixture of several gases.
Air, like food, is a basic human need.
The air was infected with photochemical smog.
Air is a mixture of gases.
The air is a medium for sound.
The air is soft, the soil moist.
Air is a mixture of various gases.
Air is indispensable to life.
As for the air, there is always some moisture in the atmosphere, but when the amount increases a great deal, it affects the light waves.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
The idea that air has weight was surprising to the child.
We cannot live without air.
Both air and water are indispensable for life.
If it were not for air and water, we could not live.
Without air and water, nothing could live.
Air is to man what water is to fish.
If it were not for air, we could not live on the earth.
The balloon descended gradually as the air came out.
The air became warm.
Were it not for air, no creatures could live.
No living thing could live without air.
Without air, nothing could live.
We would die without air.
But for air, nothing could live.
It is clear that we cannot live without air.
If there were no air, man could not live even ten minutes.
If it were not for air, we could not live.
But for air, all living things would die.
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
A bat flying in the sky looks like a butterfly.
Seen against the sky, the mountain looked really beautiful.
It is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air.
Who is looking up into the sky?
The skies promise better weather in the morning.
Look up to the skies.
A balloon is ascending into the sky.
The sky was fiery with the setting sun.
The sky was as clear as ever.
The sky is becoming cloudy.
The sky is blue.
The sky is clear and the sun is bright.
The sky was bright and clear.
The sky is full of stars.
The sky is over our heads.
The sky grew darker and darker.
The sky was ablaze with fireworks.
The sky is covered with clouds.
The sky clouded over.
The sky was completely dark.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky is clear almost every day.
The sky is a hazy shade of winter.
The sky became darker and darker.
The sky misted over.
The sky will soon clear up.
He is as rich as any man in this town.
The sky is as blue as blue can be.
There is nothing like air travel.
Nothing is so pleasant as traveling by air.
Air travel is fast; sea travel is, however, restful.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
His plane leaves for Hong Kong at 2:00 p.m.
I want a few empty glasses.
Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
A beautiful rainbow is spanning the sky.
Were there any stars in the sky?
We can see thousands of stars in the sky.
I saw something strange in the sky.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
There were countless stars in the sky.
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.
The sun is shining in the sky.
Numerous stars were visible in the sky.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
The sky was full of stars.
Not a star was to be seen in the sky.
There are more stars in the sky than I can count.
There were several stars to be seen in the sky.
There are billions of stars in the sky.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
Not a single cloud could be seen in the sky.
There was not a cloud in the sky.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
There were a lot of stars seen in the sky.
Many stars were shining in the heavens.
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.
The contrast between the sky and the mountain is striking.
Birds were singing in the sky.
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.
Empty cans were scattered about the place.
Drinking on an empty stomach is bad for your health.
The brightness of the sky showed that the storm had passed.
The sky has brightened.
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
The sky has become clear.
The sky seemed to blend with the sea.
The sky has become overcast.
The sky is getting dark.
Seen from the sky, the bridge appears more beautiful.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
The houses and cars looked tiny from the sky.
The whole sky lit up and there was an explosion.
Seen from the sky, the island was very beautiful.
The sky brightened.
The sky has gradually clouded over.
Is there a vacant seat?
The only room available is a double.
Do you have any vacancies?
Stop grumbling.
A fool's bolt is soon shot.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
Who lives without folly is not so wise as he thinks.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
His parents' view was that he was wasting his earnings on a silly girl.
You've acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
I want specific information.
Are you feeling under the weather?
Take this medicine in case you get sick.
Is anything the matter with him?
I'm sick. Will you send for a doctor?
You are doing well for a cub reporter.
No pain, no gain.
Cares and worries were pervasive in her mind.
No gains without pains.
No cross, no crown.
No gain without pains.
Toil and worry caused his health to break down.
If you're not prepared to take the trouble to learn how to train a dog, don't get one.
All my troubles came to nothing.
We arrived at that plan out of pure desperation, but the book sold well.
Prolong the agony.
I cannot bear the pain any more.
His face is distorted by pain.
After all the trouble we went to in coming up with that project, it only took them a second to shoot it down in the meeting.
That was well worth the trouble.
Make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible.
No pain, no gains.
It helps us in times of difficulty.
It is man's lot to suffer.
It's so painful. Stop it!
Danger past, God forgotten.
No sweet without sweat.
The 1990's saw various incidents.
The bus service is not good between nine and ten.
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.
I'd like you to come at nine.
I escaped death.
Have you ever had a narrow escape?
By September the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off.
By September I will have known her for a whole year.
Open your book to page nine.
There is a shuttle bus that goes to the Ginza Tokyu Hotel.
I ran into a friend while walking in Ginza.
Is the Ginza the busiest street in Japan?
We will make the payment by bank transfer.
The bank robbers dispersed in all directions.
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison.
I'm looking for a bank. Is there one near here?
I've been to the bank.
Can you tell me the way to the bank?
You'll see the bank on the left hand side of the hospital.
A bank lends us money at interest.
The bank holds a mortgage on his building.
The bank accommodated him with a loan of 10,000 yen.
The bank loaned him 500 dollars.
The bank isn't open on Sundays.
The bank keeps money for people.
Banks are cutting lending to industrial borrowers.
The bank loaned the company $1 million.
The bank reassured us that our money was safe.
The bank came through with the loan we had requested.
How late is the bank open?
What are the banking hours?
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
The bank accommodated the company with a loan.
Is the bank open?
Banks open at nine o'clock.
The bank is three blocks away.
I recognized the bank teller as the man I had seen in the movie theater.
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
I've got to get some money somehow to repay the bank loan.
You'll have to get off at the bank and take the A52.
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.
The balance at the bank stands at two million yen.
Please go to the bank.
We must ask the bank for the loan.
The bank will cash your fifty dollar check.
While employed at the bank, he taught economics at college.
I'm afraid the bank is going to repossess my house.
How much money do you have in the bank?
Please deposit the money in a bank.
When you put money in the bank, you deposit it.
I made a deposit of $1,000 at the bank.
Banks will try to lend you an umbrella on a sunny day, but they will turn their backs on a rainy day.
You'll find the shop between a bank and a school.
He works for a bank.
I have to withdraw some cash from the bank.
Please draw a hundred thousand yen from the bank.
A banking scandal is sweeping across Capitol Hill.
How do you expect to weather the financial storm when the bank refuses to extend a helping hand?
I have to take some money out of the bank.
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?
There are innumerable stars in the galaxy.
Can you distinguish silver from tin?
It is difficult to peg the direction of interest deregulation.
Bank lending is rising because of lower interest rates.
Falling interest rates have stimulated the automobile market.
Six percent home loans represent the industry average now.
I'm tied up with a project that is due Friday.
Be sure to telephone by Friday, OK?
I need to know your answer by Friday.
Can you manage to complete the manuscript by Friday?
He said he would give us his decision for sure by Friday.
Friday is the day when she is very busy.
Friday is when I am least busy.
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up.
Read chapter 4 for Friday.
On Friday night, three men came into Mr White's hotel and asked for rooms.
There will be a dance Friday night at the high school.
There were no tickets available for Friday's performance.
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
The bank shuts late on Fridays.
We can hardly wait for the party on Friday.
We're going out for a meal on Friday.
When Friday comes around, it's time for me to let my hair down and enjoy the weekend.
A dance will be held on Friday.
Is there a table available for two on Friday?
A fiscal tightening policy is being enacted.
Interest rates will rise due to monetary tightening.
Costs of financial services are rising in every country.
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of iron.
How long is the Golden Gate Bridge?
He will do anything to make money.
To make money is not the purpose of life.
Apart from earning money, I have no interest in real estate.
We ran short of money.
A blonde is speaking to her psychiatrist.
A girl with blonde hair came to see you.
Kanazawa is a quiet city.
There are sometimes blizzards in Kanazawa.
Metal contracts when cooled.
The acid burned the metal.
Love of money is common to all men.
I think the love of money is common to us all.
We should not place too much emphasis on money.
Money is not a criterion of success.
Money is the measure of worth.
Money is the root of all evil.
My financial worries are past.
Take part in the activity not for money but for learning through experience.
I had a quarrel with him over money.
Give me your money.
There are many things which we cannot evaluate in terms of money.
The rich have trouble as well as the poor.
The rich are apt to look down upon the poor.
The rich are not always happy.
The rich are apt to look down on people.
The rich sometimes despise the poor.
The rich are often misers.
The rich merchant adopted the boy and made him his heir.
The rich have troubles as well as the poor.
For all his wealth, he is unhappy.
If I get rich, I will buy it.
Some people identify success with having much money.
I prefer being poor to being rich.
The richer he became, the more he wanted.
He became rich.
Do you want to be rich?
Though she is rich, she is not happy.
Were I rich, I would help the poor.
I wish I were rich.
Few rich men own their own property.
He is rich yet he lives like a beggar.
For all his wealth, he is not contented.
Rich as he is, he is not happy.
Just because a man is rich it does not necessarily follow that he is happy.
We see things differently according to whether we are rich or poor.
The rich are not always happier than the poor.
He may be rich, but he is stingy.
The papers that were in the safe are gone.
I put money in a safe.
Lock the safe.
I'm broke.
I'm feeding the goldfish.
Regardless of the amount, Brian wants the correct, entire amount by next week.
The gold coin was much more valuable than was supposed.
There is a gold coin.
I had to resort to threats to get my money back.
Many men went west in search of gold.
Lend your money and lose your friend.
I should have taken the money.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
Get out your wallet.
I don't want to lend or borrow.
Lend me some money, if you have any.
It is foolish to equate money with happiness.
I will do it on condition that I am paid.
We die whether we make money or not.
The loss of money made it impossible for him to go abroad.
It's money down the drain.
We must cut our expenses to save money.
Some people look down on others because they have less money.
Don't ask for money.
Making money is his religion.
Health is better than wealth.
I prefer silver rings to gold ones.
No money, no job, no friends. He was truly at loose ends.
Money does not grow on trees.
I will give you the money tomorrow.
Money will make the pot boil.
Money comes and goes.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Gold is more precious than iron.
The gold was beaten into thin plates.
Money ruins many.
Money is a good servant, but a bad master.
Gold is far heavier than water.
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
I have little money.
I have a little money.
Was the money actually paid?
Ready money will away.
Gold is heavier than silver.
Keep the money in a safe place.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
Poor as he is, he is generous.
Money is welcome everywhere.
There is a lot of money.
I have some money with me.
I wouldn't like to be in his position, for all his wealth.
Gold is more precious than any other metal.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
I feel the want of money.
The price of gold varies from day to day.
The end of money is the end of love.
I have no money on me.
As soon as there is any talk of paying, he cools down.
The price of gold fluctuates daily.
It is certain that the price of gold will go up.
We had a bar of gold stolen.
Money doesn't grow on trees, you know.
I am short of money.
Send me the best employees that money can buy. Money is no object.
I'm not pressed for money.
Money is the last thing he wants.
Money and I are strangers; in other words, I am poor.
Power and money are inseparable.
Money cannot compensate for life.
Money soon goes.
Money cannot buy happiness.
Money cannot buy freedom.
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.
Money can't buy happiness.
Gold will not buy everything.
In this harsh, petty world where money does the talking, his way of life is like a breath of fresh air.
Too much money?
He is rolling in riches.
It seems like there's no money left.
Money talks.
Little money, few friends.
Have more month left over at the end of the money.
Money is not everything.
Some of the money was stolen.
If I had money, I would pay what I owe you. As it is, I can't pay.
Money enables you to buy anything.
If I were rich, I would do so. As it is, I can do nothing.
The neighboring countries never submitted to his terrorism.
Prices have been gradually rising in recent years.
In recent years, they have often moved.
Many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years.
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.
Modern travel enables us to go around the world in a few days.
Recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
In recent years electronic computers have become increasingly important.
Chemistry has made notable progress in recent years.
We will have some visitors one of these days.
I will be seeing her again one of these days.
We are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut.
Take a short cut.
Let's take a short cut.
Mr Kondo is the most hardworking in his company.
Modern methods improved industry.
The lack of modern post facilities caused trouble for many shippers.
The art of modern warfare does not necessarily require soldiers to be armed to the teeth to be effective as combatants.
Among modern novels, this is the best.
Modern technology gives us many new things.
Why didn't modern technology develop in China?
The advancement of modern medicine was a long process.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
His neighbors are suspicious of him.
My neighbors provided food for me.
The whole neighborhood mourned his death.
The neighbors took turns sitting up with him.
You must be friendly with your neighbors.
The neighbors made a fool of him.
Before saying goodbye to their neighbors, the Smiths had to tie up some loose ends inside the house.
Our American neighbor will have lived in Japan for five years next year.
There was a big fire in my neighborhood.
The farmer that lived nearby came to investigate.
I'm a regular at a restaurant in this neighborhood. Let's have lunch there today.
A fire broke out near my house.
Have you met the new family on the block?
There are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood.
A fire broke out in the neighborhood yesterday.
There has been another case of cholera in the neighborhood.
I haven't slept well recently.
I have seen little of him of late.
I have seen much of him lately.
The number of Japanese students returning after life abroad has been increasing as of late.
Young people wear their hair long these days.
The sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day.
Nowadays we are apt to forget the benefits of nature.
Beef is expensive nowadays.
These days more and more people are traveling abroad.
Travelling is easy these days.
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous.
Honesty seems to be rather at a discount today.
Nowadays jobs are hard to come by.
Few people visit me these days.
Many young Japanese travel overseas these days.
Business is so slow these days.
Good lumber is hard to find these days.
Many shoes nowadays are made of plastics.
How are you these days?
How are you getting along these days?
That young critic is in high demand for a lot of places.
It is not rare for girls today to talk as if they were boys.
There aren't many good tunes coming out nowadays.
As for the students of today, I don't know what they are thinking about.
What kinds of sports do you go in for these days?
These days you can't walk down the street without seeing people dropping litter.
Boys have their own bikes these days.
These days, the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure.
I've been on edge recently.
Nowadays children do not play outdoors.
I hope to see you soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again before long.
The chill of coming winter discouraged our picnic.
She has improved her skill in cooking recently.
I have not heard from her recently.
Nowadays his father goes to work by car.
I have seen little of him lately.
We have had bad weather recently.
Prices are high these days.
Meat is very expensive nowadays.
I haven't seen anything of her lately.
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?
As these days most parents indulge their children, many children don't know what good manners are.
What kind of songs are popular these days?
These days, the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure.
These days, the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure. Take Jennifer for example.
Recently juvenile delinquency has been on the rise.
Please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood.
Close things look blurred.
How about playing catch in the vacant lot near by?
We could hear the donnnng ... donnnng of the church bells nearby.
There is a hospital nearby.
There is a shopping area nearby.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
Sit near at hand.
There is a flower shop near by.
Are there any movie theaters near here?
Is there a McDonald's near here?
There is a bus stop near by.
Are there any towns with festivals near here?
There's a nice Thai restaurant near here.
A fire broke out nearby.
Baskets are being made nearby.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you before long.
I would like to repay your kindness in the near future.
Do you think you'll be getting more in soon?
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
We may meet again in the near future.
There is no telling what will happen in the near future.
In the near future, space travel will no longer be just a dream.
There will be an energy crisis in the near future.
Will there be an earthquake in the near future?
Can we get to the moon in the near future?
In the near future, we will be able to put an end to AIDS.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
Before long, we'll be able to communicate with each other by T.V. telephone.
We will soon most likely be charged for garbage disposal by how much of it there is.
They dance in circles to communicate a short distance, and shake their bodies and dart back and forth to indicate a longer distance.
I'll get in touch with you soon.
I'll drop in on you sometime in the near future.
I hope it won't be long before I hear from her.
One of these fine days he will get his just deserts.
I hope to see his picture soon.
They say we'll have an earthquake one of these days.
It is said that there will be a big earthquake in the near future.
It is said that there will be an election soon.
Spring will be here before long.
Why don't you come to my house one of these days?
This city will suffer from an acute water shortage unless it rains soon.
I look forward to meeting you again soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon.
We'll meet some time soon.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
You'll be hearing from us soon.
I'll be able to see you one of these days.
I'll come and see you one of these days.
I would like to call on you one of these days.
We'll visit you one of these days.
I'm thinking of visiting you one of these days.
May I come to see you one of these days?
I'm looking forward to seeing you one of these days.
Tension is a major cause of heart disease.
The fiscal austerity may lead to an overkill of the economy.
What is the emergency telephone number?
Report to the emergency room.
We have reserved a lot of food for emergencies.
An emergency may occur at any time.
I canceled my appointment because of urgent business.
I need to make an urgent call. Is there a public phone near here?
Don't look to me for any help except in case of emergency.
In case of an emergency, call the police.
This rule doesn't apply to emergencies.
What number should I call in case of an emergency?
In case of an emergency, push this button.
In case of emergency, call 119.
In case of an emergency, dial 110.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.
In case of emergency, call the police.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent right away.
Muscle tissue consists of innumerable cells.
My muscles have got soft.
Apart from the plot, the book interested me.
During prohibition days, racketeers used to rub each other out to get control of the rum-running racket.
I asked for a seat in the no-smoking section.
I asked for a seat in the non-smoking section.
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
Do you have a non-smoking section?
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
Smoking or non smoking?
I advise you to stop smoking.
It is difficult to give up smoking.
There are marked and rapidly, steadily increasing health benefits to giving up.
The sooner you give up, the greater the benefits.
I'll give up smoking.
What method did you use to give up smoking?
Please refrain from smoking, while the non-smoking signs are on.
Thank you for not smoking.
Hard work has made Japan what it is today.
You must work very hard on duty.
The police officer on duty sensed an elderly man coming up behind him.
Smoking on duty is not allowed.
Don't smoke while you are on duty.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
Diligence is the way to success.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Hard work is the price of success.
Hard work is the main element of success.
Diligence is essential to success in life.
Diligence led him to success.
His diligence earned him success.
Industrious people look down on laziness.
A diligent man will succeed in the long run.
In the end, the diligent person succeeds.
Some boys are diligent, others are idle.
His diligence and good conduct earned him the scholarship.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
Hard work has brought him where he is.
Diligence may compensate for lack of experience.
Hard work enabled him to succeed.
It goes without saying that diligence is a key to success.
Needless to say, diligence is a key to happiness.
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.
I gave him what little money I had.
Tears came into my eyes when I was chopping onions.
Don't go to extremes.
Don't go to extremes. To be moderate is important in anything.
He does not, in short, write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis.
Even the smallest worm will turn if trodden on.
The habits of highly intelligent people offer a clue as to how to do that.
It's a long road with no curves.
Though imperfectly, he finished writing his manuscript.
I'll give you a local anaesthetic.
I have an itch in my pubic area.
The director wanted the local Asahi reporter to go to the scene of the crime.
I'm glad we didn't go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers.
We decided to branch out into selling some foodstuffs.
An accomplishment cannot be looked upon as yours unless you paddled your own canoe.
A delivery man is dropping off an arrangement of artificial flowers.
Fair competition is necessary for the healthy growth of industry.
Turn on your back.
You startled me!
Amazingly, the old man recovered his health.
To my astonishment, my money was gone.
Between astonishment and sorrow, she could not speak a word.
I was too astonished to speak.
Astonishment deprived me of speech.
I was too surprised to speak.
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise.
Her eyes become round in surprise.
I stared back at her in surprise.
I start in surprise.
To my surprise, she was alive.
To my surprise, she could not answer the question.
To my surprise, there were no people in the village.
To my surprise, the child came here by himself all the way from Yokohama.
It's astonishing, the size of his head.
What a surprise!
I found, to my surprise, that she was dead.
To his surprise, she was nowhere in sight, and he wondered if she had returned home alone.
To our surprise, he scoffed the lot.
To my surprise, he won the prize.
To our surprise, he was defeated in the match.
To my surprise, they ate the meat raw.
To our surprise, our son has suddenly shot up recently.
To my great surprise, we won!
To my surprise, he has failed.
To my surprise, the door was unlocked.
To my amazement, it disappeared in an instant.
To our surprise, she has gone to Brazil alone.
To my surprise, she spoke English very well.
To our surprise, she revived at once.
To my surprise, he got married to a very beautiful actress.
To my surprise, he failed the examination.
To my surprise, he refused my offer.
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.
To my surprise, he had a beautiful voice.
Surprisingly enough, he turned out to be a thief.
To my dismay, my wallet was gone.
Surprisingly, he did his last job in one-third the time it would take me.
To our surprise, Tom came to our party with Mary.
To my surprise, the noted psychologist was accused of a kidnapping.
To my surprise, the anthropologist was accused of murder.
Hasn't he looked at himself in a mirror?
Don't break a mirror.
A mirror reflects light.
Fragments of the mirror were scattered on the floor.
In nostalgic moments we may tend to think of childhood as a time of almost unbroken happiness.
To be an interesting person you have to feed and exercise your mind.
Thank you for your interest.
The phenomenon of interest is in itself, a most interesting subject.
He is not just interested, he's crazy about it.
The excitement reached its peak.
Her heart was throbbing with excitement.
Getting excited is not at all the same as getting angry.
As he grew excited, he spoke more and more rapidly.
Excited girls look pretty sometimes.
I was so excited that I could not fall asleep.
The excited woman tried to explain the accident all in one breath.
The excited crowd poured out of the stadium.
The excited audience ran into the concert hall.
When the excitement died down, the discussion resumed.
A wet blanket is not always unpleasant when you come to know him well.
A promise given under a threat is worthless.
Don't scare me like that!
I'd like you to have a chest X-ray.
With her heart pounding, she opened the door.
I waited for the curtain to rise with my heart beating in excitement.
Would you like me to massage your chest?
I have heartburn.
It was a heartbreaking story.
I feel like vomiting.
I have a sharp pain in my chest.
I have butterflies in my stomach.
I could not speak a word, for my heart was full.
I had an angina attack.
Enter by the narrow gate.
I made the best of my small room.
A small road ran across the bridge, through the fields, and over a hill.
Two fat men trying to pass through a narrow doorway are in checkmate.
I am confused by your frenzied behaviour.
Look out for the wild dog!
It is no use trying to separate the sheep from the goats while in a state of madness.
Are you mad?
Mr. Hashimoto is fair to us.
Mr Hashimoto was confused by Ken's question.
Tom started the engine.
Mr Hashimoto is known to everyone.
As he crossed the bridge, he looked down at the stream.
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.
Bridges are burning and chances are few.
The bridge is being repainted.
The bridge was carried away by the flood.
The bridge was washed away by the flood.
The bridge is made of stone.
The bridge is designed to open in the middle.
The bridge is being repaired.
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.
The bridge couldn't sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed.
The bridge is open to traffic.
The bridge is safe; you can drive across.
The bridge is one mile above.
The bridge had been built before that time.
There is a waterfall above the bridge.
I saw a boat above the bridge.
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
Don't cross a bridge till you come to it.
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.
Bids were invited for building the bridge.
There is a hut below the bridge.
Don't cross your bridges before you come to them.
It was dark under the bridge.
Several bridges have been damaged or swept away.
A bridge gives access to the island.
The bridge crashed under the pressure.
With the bridge destroyed, there was nothing to do but swim.
In culture, they are on the same plane as savages.
As is often the case with educated people, he likes classical music better than jazz.
The fact that educated Americans in general no longer share understandable background knowledge is a chief cause of their inability to communicate effectively.
Teaching is a profession of my own choosing.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
The faculty meeting adopted the dean's proposal.
The professor seemed to be lost in thought.
The professor treated her as one of his students.
The professor gave a lecture on the Middle East.
The professor ordered some new books from New York.
The professor scolded John for skipping class.
The professor made sure the test was checked carefully.
The professor encouraged me in my studies.
The professor is in Japan on sabbatical leave.
Our professor promised to hold off on the final exam for another week.
The professor requires excellent work of his students.
The professor teaches English conversation.
The professor lectured on French history.
The professor smiled.
The professor solved the problem at last.
The professor thought it rude to say such a thing.
Can you take notes for me during the professor's talk?
The professor's speech was full of humor.
The professor's boring lecture put me to sleep.
Our professor paid the bill for all of us.
It was ordered that the classroom be put in order.
Keep your classroom clean.
The classroom was full of pupils.
The classroom has finally warmed up.
Line up the desks in the classroom.
It is the students' duty to clean their classrooms.
There is a tall man in the classroom.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
As soon as he entered the classroom, our teacher burst into angry speech.
I found that I had left my umbrella behind in the classroom.
There was an expensive camera left in the classroom.
The children ran toward the classroom.
There were few students left in the classroom.
There were few children in the classroom.
There were some students in the classroom.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
I wish our classroom were air-conditioned.
You must not make noises in the classroom.
Do you eat it in the classroom?
Your hat should not be worn in the classroom.
Don't you talk in the classroom.
Get out of the classroom.
The teachers are trying to motivate their students.
The teacher is likely to get angry with the students.
The teacher often emphasizes that students should have courage.
The teacher exhorted his pupils to do well.
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
Teachers shouldn't fall back on their authority.
Teachers should give their children the faith that tomorrow will be brighter and happier.
Teachers must understand children.
A teacher should never laugh at his students' mistakes.
The teacher gave way to the students' demand.
The teacher had to evaluate all the students.
Teachers stimulate the students' interest, have them think, ask questions, and debate among themselves.
The teacher accused one of his students of being noisy in class.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absence from class.
Teachers should occasionally let their students blow off some steam.
Teachers should treat all their students impartially.
Although teachers give a lot of advice, students don't always take it.
A teacher should never make fun of a pupil who makes a mistake.
The salary of a teacher is lower than that of a lawyer.
You should be respectful to your teachers.
I intended to have been a teacher.
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
The teachers greeted the little boy.
Patience is essential for a teacher.
It is not fitting for a teacher to overly favor certain pupils over others.
A student raised his hand when the teacher finished the reading.
When the teacher is very strict, the students must mind their P's and Q's.
An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept.
The vicar often refers to the Bible in his sermon.
The instructor advised me to get exercise every day.
The church bells are ringing.
The church is on the hill overlooking the city.
The church sits on the outskirts of town.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
The church is surrounded by woods and lakes.
The church is between my house and yours.
The church is decorated with flowers for the wedding.
The church is at the foot of the hill.
The church stood alone on the hill.
The church is just across the street.
The clock in the church tower struck nine.
The church bell used to ring at three.
All the church bells started ringing together.
The church clock gains three minutes a week.
The church congregation was moved by the fine sermon.
Let's pass by the church.
Go straight ahead until you reach the church.
Whoever goes to church believes in God.
There is usually an organ in a church.
Rituals were performed in churches.
Churches were erected all over the island.
You must not forget your schoolbooks.
Listen to me with your textbooks closed.
Where do we get the textbooks?
You must read the textbook closely.
Each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions.
Open your texts to page 50.
The educational system is in transition.
People want more money to expand educational institutions.
And I call on the chairman of the Education Committee to support the motion.
The local school board would go to any length to ban that book.
The Board of Education governs the schools.
Education is one of the most essential aspects of life.
Education is an investment in the future.
Education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts.
Education aims to develop potential abilities.
Education helps to mold character.
Education is the agent of progress.
Education is a critical element.
Education must not be limited to our youth, but it must be a continuing process through our entire lives.
Education starts at home.
Education shouldn't be aimed at passing a test.
The goal of education is not wealth or status, but personal development.
Education should be carried further than it is now.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of education.
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
Educational reforms still have a long way to go.
The value of education cannot be overemphasized.
My education has made me what I am.
One of the great superstitions about education is that learning is the result of teaching.
More money for education will spur economic growth.
Examinations play a large part in education.
Education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts.
Education means something more than going to school.
Education should not be a burden on the parents as well as on the children.
Teaching is learning.
Teaching asks for a lot of patience.
With teaching and studying my time is taken up.
They learn to do without being taught.
Where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?
Oh! Show it to me please.
Thank you for the information.
Kyoko went away, humming a song.
Dinosaurs are now extinct.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
Fear robbed him of speech.
His legs were trembling from fear.
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
May I make so bold as to request your assistance?
Will you kindly come here at nine?
I am very sorry, but I must cancel our appointment for February 27.
I'm afraid you have to work overtime.
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and he has decided not to pay a red cent more.
Fear crept into my heart and settled there.
It's awfully cold today.
It's awfully cold this evening.
A fearful thought entered my mind.
A terrible fate awaited him.
Would you please open the window?
Move over a little if you please.
Would you be kind enough to explain it to me?
Sorry, we're full today.
Would you mind opening the window?
Would you be so kind as to post my letter?
I'm sorry, but he isn't home.
Please make certain your seat belt is fastened.
Excuse me, but let me have another look at the photo.
Don't be afraid.
It will be fine weather tomorrow, perhaps.
She is probably over forty.
It is probable that he will win the speech contest.
I am afraid to jump over the ditch.
The bold man glanced at the gangster with hatred and contempt.
The heat is intense.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Mr. Satoyama's work made a big impression in the world of haiku.
Flying against a strong wind is very difficult.
The strong wind died away at night.
Strong winds stripped the tree of its leaves.
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.
When they pass through strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.
The strong wind cut the electric wires in several places.
They say we're going to get high winds.
Fanned by a strong wind, the fire spread in an instant.
We got our roof blown off in the gale.
A strong wind began to set in.
The wind blew in gusts.
Tall buildings may sway in a strong wind.
There was a strong wind.
The thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery.
The robbers fell on him from behind the trees.
The robber attacked her on a back street.
The burglar locked the couple in the basement.
The robber bashed her head in.
The thief forced her to hand over the money.
The burglar broke into the post office in broad daylight.
The robber aimed his gun at the clerk.
The burglar tied my hands behind my back with a rope.
The robber aimed his gun at the police officer.
The robbers made away with all the money in the safe.
The cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
The burglar shut the child in the closet.
The robber seized the bag from his hand.
Robbers wrecked the mail train.
The burglars broke into the bank at night.
The robbers fell on her there.
The burglar burst into his house.
A burglar broke into his house.
A burglar broke into the bank last night.
A thief broke into the house to steal the money.
Have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house?
As long as there are sovereign nations possessing great power, war is inevitable.
The slugger was easily put out.
The strong will survive and the weak will die.
The strong must help the weak.
The strong should take care of the weak.
The aggressive salesman urged me to sign the contract right away.
Bite down tightly, please.
The sail tightened in the strong wind.
A strong wind was blowing.
A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
The strong winds were blowing.
A strong wind arose.
A strong wind blew all day long.
Due to the intense sunlight, his back was sunburnt.
The hot sun baked the ground dry.
The strong east wind lashed at our faces.
No one but a strong man is fit for the post.
A strong yen is shaking the economy.
I was drenched to the skin because of the heavy rain.
It is hard to wake up without a strong cup of coffee.
The sound of shouting grew faint.
You'll get a reward for your cooperation.
When you want cooperation, share over many hands.
I'm willing to do the job if you cooperate.
We can lift the restrictions on imports once the joint agreement is signed.
There is very little probability of an agreement being reached.
The society made him president.
The association is still a far cry from being well organized.
The society was founded in 1990.
The fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect's.
A fanatic threw a bomb at the king's coach.
The GOP accused the Democrats of pork barrel politics.
A republic is a nation whose head is not a king or queen, but a president.
We suggested Kyoritsu Bussan approach you for assistance.
What's everybody's business is nobody's business.
They came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture.
Two different parties with common interests were on the warpath when he cut in to settle the dispute.
Communism is the system practiced in the Soviet Union.
Communism was the political system in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, but that stopped in 1993.
In communism, the means of production are owned by the state.
As communism has collapsed, capitalism is now accused of trying to "dominate the world."
We will be willing to make a deal with you after the auction.
I obtained the painting at an auction.
Before the horse race begins, the jockeys grip the reins tightly to restrain the impatient horses.
With horse racing and such, these are called "stakes". For this meaning the plural form is often used.
I'm tickled pink about winning 10,000 yen at the horse races.
I just lost at the races so I'm flat broke.
The horses are coming down the track and it's neck and neck.
Competition is not by nature evil.
The competition has become fierce.
Having run the race, Jane had two glasses of barley tea.
Effectively dealing with competition is an important part of life.
He came in fifth in the race.
Competition is neither good nor evil in itself.
Competition is not bad in itself.
How long does it take to get to the stadium?
How did you get to the stadium?
The athlete was full of spirit and confidence.
The athletic meeting went on as scheduled.
Supply is relative to demand.
Supplies cannot keep up with the demand.
The supply can not keep up with the demand.
Supply will soon overtake demand.
Your name was given to us by Mr. Hayashi of Keyo Steel Corporation.
Do you have a map of the city of Kyoto?
Will you tell me the way to Kyoto Station?
You should visit Kyoto.
You should visit Kyoto, which is famous for its old temples and shrines.
Kyoto is worth visiting.
Kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
Kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the world.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
Kyoto is most beautiful in autumn.
Kyoto is most crowded when it is most beautiful.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
Kyoto is internationally famous for its scenic beauty.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
Kyoto was the former capital of Japan.
Kyoto is visited by many tourists.
Kyoto was an old capital of Japan.
How do you like Kyoto?
Kyoto is visited by many people every year.
Kyoto is worth visiting once.
The charm of Kyoto consists of the beauty of its old temples.
There was an enormous traffic jam in downtown Kyoto.
Are you from Kyoto?
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
Don't forget to give us a ring when you arrive in Kyoto.
He acted as a guide while I was staying in Kyoto.
I would often visit the museum when I lived in Kyoto.
There are many famous old buildings in Kyoto.
A heavy snow fell in Kyoto for the first time in ages.
There are many places to visit in Kyoto.
Kyoto has many universities.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
Have you been to Kyoto?
There are many old temples in Kyoto.
There are a lot of sights in Kyoto.
Kyoto has many places to see.
There are many places to see in Kyoto.
I have been to Kyoto once.
There are many sights to see in Kyoto.
My brother in Kyoto became a teacher.
Speaking of Kyoto, have you ever visited the Kinkakuji Temple?
How about stopping over at Kyoto and sightseeing at the old capital?
In Kyoto, you can see both old and modern buildings.
From the airport, the Keisei Line Sky-Liner will take you to Ueno Station in 75 minutes.
Kyoko is lying on the grass.
Kyoko had the kindness to carry my baggage for me.
I don't know exactly where Kyoko lives, but it's in the direction of Sannomiya.
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.
Fishing is one of the most popular hobbies.
Fishing just isn't my line.
I prefer staying home to going fishing.
My hobbies are fishing and watching television.
How is it going in the fish market?
Eating fish is good for your health.
Fish, please.
They sell fish and meat.
Fish are cold-blooded animals.
A fish swims by moving its tail.
Fish live in the water.
Fish cannot live out of water.
Do you like fish?
Fish live in the sea.
There are as good fish in the sea now as ever.
Do you think fish can hear?
A fish can swim.
Is the fish still alive?
I'll show you how to catch fish.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
I nearly choked on a fishbone.
Air is to us what water is to fish.
How often do you feed the fish?
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.
Fish and red wine don't go together.
Fish and meat are both nourishing, but the latter is more expensive than the former.
Fishing is not in my life.
Eat not only fish, but also meat.
I can no more swim than a fish can walk.
A fish leaped out of the water.
We saw a fish splashing in the water.
The fish is burnt black.
Fish have ceased to live in this river.
I'd like some fish.
I'm allergic to fish.
A third party makes off with the profits.
I have no intention of fishing in troubled waters.
Two dogs fight for a bone, and the third runs away with it.
The fisherman exaggerated the size of the fish he had caught.
The fisherman cast his line into the water.
I can't judge distance.
A fishing light wavers under the lee of an island.
You can't enter the building without a permit.
You can't enter here unless you have a pass.
Don't enter the room without leave.
Thank you for granting your permission.
Please refrain from speaking without permission.
You mustn't enter this room without permission.
You shouldn't read people's private letters without permission.
You cannot take a picture in the theater without permission.
Please refrain from smoking without permission.
We talked quite frankly.
I'm going to speak to you with utmost candor so I want you to take everything I'm about to say at face value.
In the end, he landed in jail.
And on top of it all, I was fired.
A huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the American economy for many years.
I was hit by a huge chunk of meat.
A gigantic bird came flying toward him.
A huge tanker put off just now.
I have two tickets to the Yomiuri Giants - Chunichi Dragons night game. Want to go?
It's so comfortable here, I really feel at home.
An izakaya is a Japanese style pub.
We're doing the same old routine: going bar hopping and then to karaoke.
Those who were present were disappointed at the report.
Those present were all moved to tears.
Those present were surprised at the news.
The living room adjoins the dining room.
When I was playing video games in the living room, Mother asked me if I would go shopping with her.
I had an operation for glaucoma last year.
I had a miscarriage last year.
I had a stroke last year.
I had otitis media last year.
I delivered my first child last year.
I put on a little weight last year.
I lost my wife last year.
I took an art class last year.
Having failed last year, I don't like to try again.
Thanks to the amusement park built last year, the city has become popular.
We could go out together like we did last year.
Mr Brown took charge of this class last year.
There was a sharp rise in prices last year.
The crops failed last year.
We had a lot of snow last year.
We had a lot of rain last year.
We had frequent snowfalls last year.
I wore out two pairs of jogging shoes last year.
We had a mild winter last year.
We had a good deal of snow last winter.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
I took a cooking class last spring and learned to bake bread.
We moved to New York last fall.
I visited my father's hometown last summer.
She went there last summer.
Last summer, I worked part time on the farm.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
Last summer, I always took a walk in the morning.
We had a good deal of rain last summer.
I'll never forget visiting Paris last summer.
The village which I visited last summer was a small one in Nagano Prefecture.
It was not until last summer that my oldest son learned to swim.
As compared with last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Last year's pop hit was set off by a serial TV drama.
Compared with last year, this year's crops are much better.
I grew tomatoes last year and they were very good.
He began to work for that company last year.
We had a kid just last year.
Hence, loathed melancholy.
Out of sight out of mind. When you're separated you lose touch.
My sister married a high school teacher last June.
The milkman came around at six every morning.
Is there a milkman?
Add a little milk.
Do you have some milk?
Won't you have another glass of milk?
We make milk into cheese and butter.
I bought two bottles of milk.
I want a quart of milk.
The milk froze and became solid.
Milk is a popular beverage.
Milk boils at a higher temperature than water.
Milk does not agree with me.
Milk makes us strong.
Milk easily turns sour.
Milk is made into butter and cheese.
Milk is a good beverage.
There's only a little milk left.
Milk is made into butter.
Milk can be made into butter, cheese, and many other things.
Milk will do you good. You'd better drink it every day.
The milk turned sour.
Will you drink wine instead of milk?
The milk was adulterated with water.
Blend milk and eggs together.
The milk has gone bad.
The milk has turned sour.
You must buy milk, eggs, butter, and so on.
It will be four years before the definite result of beef liberalization emerges.
Beef, please.
Have you got any preference between beef and lamb?
You cannot sell the cow and drink the milk.
I raise cattle.
And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
A cow is a useful animal.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
The cows looked big and docile.
Cows live on grass.
Cattle feed on grass.
Cows supply us with many things we need.
Cows give us milk.
Cows provide us with milk.
Cows provide us with good milk.
The cow is anything but bright.
Cows are anything but bright.
The cow missed being hit by a gnat's whisker.
An ox is captured by the horns, a person is bound by his word.
The cow supplies us with milk.
Cows supply us with milk.
Cows give us milk, and hens eggs.
A cow gives us milk.
Cows are sacred to Hindus.
Cows are more useful than any other animal in this country.
Yoke the oxen to the plow.
Cattle were grazing in the field.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
The cows are eating grass.
I ran into an old friend.
Meeting my old friend was very pleasant.
Old friends called on me.
My old friend dropped in at my house.
My old friend wrote to me, informing me of his return from abroad.
Old friends were invited to the reception.
I've used up my wages, but I have my bank account to fall back on.
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back.
I received a five hundred dollar advance on my pay.
Wages vary in relation to the age of the worker.
The salary is fixed according to age and experience.
The wages will be paid in proportion to the work done.
You will be paid according to your ability.
Pay will be based on experience and educational background.
Can I get an advance on my salary?
In terms of salary, that job is fantastic.
Aside from his salary, he receives money from investments.
It's a good job, as far as the pay goes.
He is not better off because he is poorly paid.
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.
You should not despise a man because he is poorly paid.
Since I got a raise, I can manage.
This is a better way of paying people, according to Paula Grayson.
The income tax rate increases in proportion as your salary rises.
Do you have a school lunch at school?
The printer needs paper.
The waiter brought a new plate.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
On behalf of my classmates, let me say a few words of thanks to you.
The classmates felt for him deeply.
His classmates' jeers reduced him to tears.
Some of the classmates passed the examination, but the others didn't.
He will wriggle out of the fix.
A cornered rat will bite a cat.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
Ultimately, space flight will be beneficial to all mankind.
The stadium was quite still.
There were a lot of people in the stadium.
The ball rolled into the stream.
The ball slightly curved.
The ball bounced over the wall.
One-third of the Earth's surface is desert.
Crying is an expression of grief.
It's not worth crying over.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief.
Misfortunes never come singly.
I can't let the matter drop.
We just have to swallow it.
I quickly laugh at everything, for fear of having to cry.
Rub salt in the wound.
I feel like crying.
Try to keep from crying.
I could've cried.
I can't help crying.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
Crying is of no avail.
There is only one day left, whether we like it or not.
It's hard to handle crying babies.
And, many times, I've cried.
Don't shout at the crying child. It only adds fuel to the fire.
The young man who has not wept is a savage, and the old man who will not laugh is a fool.
The job advertisement specifically requested females.
Ask, and it shall be given you.
There is nothing that does not decay.
The lifeguard is ever ready to help others.
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake.
Try to hold on until a rescue team arrives.
The rescued refugees were longing for freedom.
We waited for hours before help arrived.
She did not eat anything until she was rescued.
Where should I go to be admitted into the emergency room?
Call an ambulance.
Please send an ambulance.
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.
Do you need an ambulance?
The ambulance broke down in the middle of the busy avenue.
The rescue worker beat the area, looking for the child.
He was still alive when the rescue party arrived.
The rescue flight had to reckon with strong winds and freezing temperatures.
Urgent business prevented him from going.
Urgent business kept me from going shopping with you.
Urgent business kept me from coming soon.
Urgent business prevented him from coming.
Urgent business has called him away.
Urgent business kept him from going to the concert.
A sudden illness prevented him from going there.
A sudden illness forced her to cancel her appointment.
A sudden illness prevented me from going to the station to meet him.
The express train does not stop between Shibuya and Naka-Meguro.
The express train is an hour faster than the local.
Are there any express trains?
The express train went by so fast that we hardly saw it.
The express arrives at 6:30 p.m.
The express starts at six and gets into Tokyo at nine.
How much is the express?
To take an express train, we have to get an express ticket in addition to an ordinary ticket.
I need medical help.
Please hurry, it's urgent.
I burst into tears.
I suddenly stood up and felt faint and light-headed.
I'm sorry we gave you such short notice of our visit.
There was a sudden change in her tone.
Suddenly, he changed the subject.
I've suddenly started to gain weight.
Don't burst out laughing like that. It's creepy.
He suddenly missed his watch.
Don't take that dramatic attitude all of a sudden.
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
Suddenly the heavens opened.
Suddenly I got lucky.
Suddenly rain began to fall.
Suddenly, it rained.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
I've suddenly lost weight.
Don't brake suddenly.
Suddenly Jim pulled the car up in front of the bank.
The storm broke.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
Suddenly, it started to look almost nice and warm.
If you hurry, you'll catch up with him.
If we hurry, we'll make it.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
If you hurry up, you will be in time.
I think we'll make it if we hurry.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the bus.
If you hurry, you can make the next bus.
Hurry up, and you'll be in time for school.
Hurry, help.
Hurry up. You'll be late for school.
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.
Come on! We're going to be late.
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.
Hurry up, or you will be late for the last train.
There seems no need to hurry.
We needn't have hurried.
You don't have to hurry.
There is no hurry; you have five days to think the matter over.
There's no hurry.
We didn't need to hurry.
Let's hurry up.
Hurry up, or you'll be late for school.
Hurry up, and you can catch the train.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
You will miss the train if you don't hurry.
Hurry up, or you won't catch up with him.
Hurry up! The concert is starting.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.
Hurry up, or you will be late for school.
Hurry up, or we'll miss the train.
Hurry up, and you will be in time.
Hurry up, or you'll miss your plane.
Hurry up, and you will be able to catch the train.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the train.
Make haste, and you will be in time.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for school.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.
Hurry up, and you can catch the bus.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.
Make haste, or you will be late.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
Hurry up, or you will miss the bus.
More haste, less speed.
Be quick, or you will miss the train.
You must hurry up, or you will miss the express.
Unless you hurry, you will be late for school.
You can take your time.
We've got to hurry. Mr Itoh will call the roll.
Hurry, or you'll miss the train.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.
Hurry or we'll never make the train!
Hurry up, or it will start raining.
You'll miss the train if you don't hurry.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
Don't dash off a sloppily written report filled with mistakes.
You make mistakes if you do things in a hurry.
Please hurry and finish the prospectus.
Hurry up and set the table for dinner.
There's enough time for a quick snack.
Having been written in haste, his letter was hard to read.
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
As it was written in haste, the book has many faults.
Having been written in a hurry, this letter has many mistakes in it.
As it had been written in haste, the report was poor.
I must hurry to class.
Let's finish up in a hurry.
It is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
Hurry along or you'll be late.
There is no need to draw a hasty conclusion.
I hurried home.
It's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
I rushed out of my house.
I hurried and managed to catch the bus.
Let's catch a quick bite.
Let's get something quick to drink.
I hurried to the station only to find that the train had already left.
As it was printed in haste, the book has many misprints.
I avoid crossing the street here if I am in a hurry.
Be more careful. Rushing through things is going to ruin your work.
Haste makes waste.
If you run fast, you can catch the train.
Hurry up, Tom.
I have an urgent matter to attend to.
Please hurry.
Our bus comes late particularly when we are in a hurry.
We've really got to step on it.
Are you in a hurry?
That sort of thing can happen when you are in haste.
When you're in a hurry, it's easy to make a mistake.
People who are not in a hurry stand on the right side of the escalator.
We'd better make some time.
Hurry up. The train leaves in ten minutes. We don't want to miss it.
Hurry up. We've little time to waste.
Hurry up, or we'll be late.
Hurry up! Here comes the bus.
You had better hurry. The train leaves at three.
Even though she rushed, the elderly woman missed the last train.
All my haste was in vain.
In my hurry I bumped into someone.
In the palace live the king and the queen.
The palace has a tall tower.
Miyazaki is not what it used to be.
Blotting paper absorbs ink.
Legends of vampires flourish in the Balkans.
I will help you all I can.
Instead of taking a rest, he worked much harder than usual.
You just need a good rest.
We are looking forward to the holidays.
Enjoy your holidays.
It will do you good to have a holiday.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
She agreed with him about the holiday plan.
I'm just sorting out some suitable clothes to take on holiday.
I'd like to spend my holidays reading history books or classics.
The holiday traffic crawled along the highway.
If we would rest a little we would feel surely very much refreshed.
Take a rest.
The closing of school was due to the heavy snow.
He stayed there during the vacation.
During the interval, Takashi and Harumi got a drink at the theater bar.
If you work too long without a rest, it begins to tell on you.
You have only a short rest, so make the best of it.
Pretty soon we'd better wrap up this break and get back to work.
When is the intermission?
Let's have some coffee during recess.
Shall we take a rest?
Let's take a break for coffee.
I move that the meeting adjourn.
What did you do on your vacation?
I spent idle days during the vacation.
In the vacation, I read the entire works of Milton.
During the vacation my sister and I stayed at a small village at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
Let's take advantage of the vacation to mow the lawn.
The number of students who travel abroad for vacation is increasing.
Let's take advantage of the vacation to go on a hike.
Please cut short your vacation and return.
If you don't take a vacation, you'll collapse.
Enjoy your vacation.
It's costing me a lot to spend the holidays.
We argued with each other about the best place for a holiday.
How did you spend your vacation?
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
Can you extend your holiday by a few days?
Make the most of your vacation.
The vacation is close to an end.
The holidays came to an end at last.
We have five days to go before the holidays.
The holidays seem to be doing her health good.
We must make the most of our vacation, as it is so short.
I'll be only too pleased to help you.
Where are you going on vacation?
How was your vacation?
The holidays always end all too soon.
How did you enjoy your vacation?
The holidays ended all too soon.
The holiday ended all too soon.
My vacation went by quickly.
The vacation came to an end all too soon.
My wife and I agreed on a holiday plan.
Tell me what you did on your holidays.
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
Would you look after my children while I am away on vacation?
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.
Do you sometimes go abroad on your holidays?
She was very brown after her holiday.
When the vacation is over, I will catch up with a lot of work.
When I return from vacation, I shall have to catch up with a lot of work.
May I take a rest?
Who is absent?
Stand at ease!
Will this cover the holiday expenses?
Where are you going to go on your vacation?
He is lively during recess.
Taking a little time off?
I did nothing during the holidays.
There are many tourists in the city on holidays.
What do you usually do on holidays?
In her leisure time, she enjoys swimming and tennis.
Please come and see us sometime during the vacation.
Do you feel like resting?
Too much rest is rust.
Too long a holiday makes one reluctant to start work again.
The holiday continues to be very boring.
I'm dying to see Kumiko.
Kumi did not talk about her club.
Hearing this song after so long really brings back the old times.
After a long absence he came back.
An old friend of mine dropped in on me for the first time in ages.
It's been so long since we've met, let's have a drink or two and talk about the good old days.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
Please forgive me for not having written for a long time.
Will Mr Oka teach English?
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
The hills are bathed in sunlight.
The hill lay covered with snow.
The hill slopes downward to the river.
The hill was all covered with snow.
The hill glows with autumnal colors.
The hill is always green.
You see a white building at the foot of the hill.
The wind blew harder yet when we reached the top of the hill.
The building which stands on the hillside is our school.
A castle stands a little way up the hill.
Our school on the hill commands a full view of Mt. Fuji.
The building on the hill is our school.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
That church on the hill is very old.
Situated on a hill, his house commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on a hill, the hotel commands a fine view of the bay.
Look at that tower standing on the hill.
Look at that building standing on the hill.
There stands a beautiful church on the hill.
The house which stands on the hill is very old.
Are there oak trees on the hill?
There is a large house on the hill.
There is a house on the hill.
His house was in sight from the top of the hill.
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
Lots of campers were parked all over the hill-side.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
We came in sight of the hill.
At the foot of the hill is a beautiful lake.
Lots of low trees grow on the hill.
We can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill.
My neck snapped when I did a headstand.
Paradoxically, he is right.
She carries on smiling even in the face of adversity.
Despite adversity, the ingenious man achieved worldwide fame.
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
Adversity is the best school.
The converse is also true.
Please turn over.
The footnotes are at the bottom of the page.
Footnotes are notes at the foot of a page.
Throw away the chairs whose legs are broken.
I'll be about again when my leg heals.
The guests wished the happy couple a long and prosperous life.
A flight attendant walks up to the boys.
From an objective viewpoint, his argument was far from rational.
The visitor sat across from me.
Guests arrived by twos and threes.
The guests are all gone.
The customer did not come.
Customers stopped coming to our shop.
The number of guests is 20.
You should prepare a room for the visitor.
I saw some of the guests leave the banquet room.
She was pleased to be treated as a guest.
The visitors were greeted with warm handshakes.
When the visitor entered the room, we stood to greet him.
Give me one kibidango.
I've lost my filling.
This tooth has to have a filling.
As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered a tearoom, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
I asked for a seat in the smoking section.
Smoking, please.
Smoking or non-smoking?
Is there a place I can smoke?
Could we have a table in the smoking section?
Smokers are far more likely to develop lung cancer than non-smokers are.
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes, they get nervous and irritable.
Smokers take twice as many days off sick as non-smokers.
Being in a room full of smokers is my pet peeve.
I gave up smoking and I feel like a new man.
The doctor told me to give up smoking.
Please refrain from smoking.
Smoking will do more harm than good.
You must give up smoking, as it is unhealthy.
Smoking may be harmful to his heart.
Smoking has an ill effect upon health.
It is said that smoking is bad for your health.
Smoking is strictly prohibited.
Smoking means suicide.
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane flights.
Smoking is harmful to health.
Smoking affects your health.
Smoking affects our health.
Don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health.
Smoking is bad for the health.
Smoking is a danger to your health.
Smoking will do you a lot of harm.
Smoking has a great deal to do with cancer.
It's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer.
Smoking does damage your lungs.
Smoking does you more harm than good.
Smoking is bad for you.
The habit of smoking is very difficult to get rid of.
I wish I could break the habit of smoking.
Smokers are as aware as anybody else of the disadvantages of their hobby, but manage to live with that knowledge for two main reasons.
Some people find it easier to grasp the short-term effects of smoking.
Short-term effects of smoking include unfitness, wheezing, a general vulnerability to illness, bad breath, bad skin and so on.
Most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers.
Is there a link between smoking and lung cancer?
There is no denying the fact that smoking is harmful.
Smoking has affected his lungs.
Smoking is responsible for many cases of lung cancer.
It is a fact that smoking is bad for health.
It is a fact that smoking is a danger to health.
We have absolute proof that smoking is bad for your health.
Smoking or health, the choice is yours.
Yoshio helped me lift the box up.
Yoshino is a place famous for its cherry blossoms.
Mr Yoshimoto taught us many trivial matters.
Mr Yoshida directed me to come at once.
Mr Yoshida never breaks his promise.
Mr Yoshida is at home in French history.
Mr Yoshida is too severe with his children.
Take your time, Yoshida.
Hello, I have a reservation, my name is Kaori Yoshikawa. Here is the confirmation card.
Chrysanthemums smell sweet.
Let's carry on the discussion.
He is second to none when it comes to debating.
The discussion was heated.
Discussion is based upon mutual respect.
The argument ended in a fight.
All the arguments pointed in the same direction.
My argument is indebted in a number of places to the aesthetic theories of Adorno, Horkheimer and others.
The essential points of my argument have been expressed in the preceding pages.
The bell went off right in the middle of our discussion.
Let's not argue for the sake of arguing.
Imagine, for the sake of argument, a tribal group in which mother-son incest was countenanced.
No one could get the better of him in an argument.
Women will have the last word.
It is hardly worth discussing.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
The discussion produced a great deal of noise, but no forward motion.
The chairman rejected his absurd proposal.
The chairman resigned out of the blue.
The chairperson ordered silence.
The chairman should take the minority opinion into account.
The chairman would only make her comments off the record.
The chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem.
The chairman put forward an important plan at the meeting.
The chairman did not rule out the possibility of a disagreement.
The chairman called the committee to order.
The chairman rejected the proposal.
The chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years.
She attended the meeting at the request of the chairman.
I would like to nominate Don Jones as chairman.
The brunt of criticism was borne by the chairmen.
The chairperson cut me short.
Please address the chair!
Suppose we change the subject.
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.
I apologize for the delay in sending the agenda.
The bill was eviscerated before being passed by the legislature.
It's a sop to Congress.
Congress went into recess.
Parliament has been dissolved.
Parliament has its beginnings in 14th-century England.
Do you know when the first parliament came into being?
The bill was passed by an overwhelming majority.
The chances are that the bill will be rejected.
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.
My sister-in-law had four children in five years.
It was just polite applause.
Try to fulfill your duty.
You are not to neglect your duty.
You must do your duty.
Yoshio said he would pay as much as 15000 yen for a new pair of basketball shoes, but I thought that was quite expensive.
My brother-in-law is ready to lose his temper at trifles.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
There's a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt.
There is no room for doubt.
One question was what I was going to be.
The question is whether Mike knew the fact or not.
It was not what he said, but the way he said it that made me suspicious.
One thing remains doubtful.
Without a doubt!
Suspicion is destructive of friendship.
There is little room for doubt.
I feel profound sympathy for the victims.
You cannot make omelets without breaking eggs.
As to onomatopoetic expressions, we find interesting examples in Hopi.
Engineers are crazy about solar energy.
The engineer seeks not so much to know nature as to make use of it.
The shortage of engineers is the greatest bottleneck to the development of our company.
Technological innovation brought about the rapid progress of the information industry.
Thanks to the technological innovation, the maximum output of the factory has doubled.
The engineer climbed the telephone pole.
The engineer demonstrated how to operate the sophisticated system.
The ceremony began with his speech.
What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?
Beware of imitations.
Hypocrisy is my abhorrence.
Hypocrisy is the homage that vice pays to virtue.
I don't need fake friends.
Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
Even the hard-hearted can be moved to tears.
Fortune is the rod of the weak, and the staff of the brave.
There's no telling what kind of trouble this proposal might stir up. The result is certainly going to be something to see.
In the days of the knights, they wore shields to protect themselves from sword-fight wounds.
The prospect of famine hangs over many areas of the world.
Because of the famine, the cattle starved to death.
Disease and famine go together.
Can you share food with others in the face of famine?
Famine caused great distress among the people.
I might as well drown as starve.
Hunger knows no law.
Hunger is one of the strongest griefs.
Hunger impelled him to crime.
We can say that Japan was fighting a constant battle against hunger during the war.
It is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry.
Provide starving people with food.
Shine on my brilliant soul.
I gasped with surprise at the horrible picture of the starving people.
All that glitters is not gold.
It was a bright and clear Sunday morning.
You should be alert to the possible dangers.
You need not have woken me up.
Time to get up.
It is too early to get up.
Do get up, it's very late.
Get up!
What is done cannot be undone.
You will be able to play soccer.
Go to the hospital.
You are beautiful.
You are her daughters.
You are teachers.
You are human.
You are actresses.
You like rain, don't you?
You are the only one.
You are doctors.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
Didn't you hear her speaking French?
You are much too kind to me.
Do you know how to use a personal computer?
You lent a book.
You'll go to school tomorrow.
You have a telephone.
You study Chinese history.
You go to the Chikushi river.
You are my best friend.
You like Kawaguchi.
You tried.
You like elephants.
You have three cars.
Do you study chemistry?
You drink tea.
You study English.
You are a doctor.
You like balls.
You are a tennis player.
We'll leave as soon as you are ready.
Let us know when you'll arrive.
Put your affairs in order.
What's your shoe size?
Your shoes want mending.
I've been anxious to meet you.
What's your home address?
I have some appreciation of your problems.
She rushed to the office, and was ushered right into an examination room.
She was very shy about her emergency problem, and asked the gynecologist to please examine her.
Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener.
You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water.
Your daughter's on drugs.
Your dog has worms. Give him vitamins.
Thank you again for your kind assistance.
You have been a great mentor to me.
He was created a peer.
I'd like to check some of my valuables.
Will you keep my valuables for me, please?
Could you hold these valuables?
Can I deposit valuables here?
A valuable object decreases in value if it is damaged.
Put your valuables in the safe.
The valuables are in the safekeeping of the bank.
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.
She kept her valuables in the bank for safety.
Please check your valuables at the front desk.
That'll make for a memorable time.
Can you spare me a few minutes of your valuable time?
Would you please send me details of your products via e-mail as an attachment?
I'm very impressed with your quality control.
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.
If the quality of your product meets with our customer's approval, we will place regular orders.
What is the percentage of overseas markets for your products?
I'd like some information about your new computers.
I learned about your portable copier at the Tokyo-Office '97 Expo.
It was a great pleasure for me to meet many associates of your company.
Please tell me the closest station to your office.
Your technical manager arranged a meeting for 1:00 p.m. on April 6, but how about April 7, at 10:00 a.m.?
Please indicate what action you will take.
Please change your database to reflect the new address as follows.
We are afraid that our new address is not registered on your database.
We are interested in your service.
We have considered your proposal, and we have decided that we are not able to reduce the price.
In reply to your request, we offer you an extra discount of 5% on this order.
We have given your order highest priority.
I would appreciate it if you could reserve a room at a convenient location for visiting your office.
We appreciate the opportunity you've given us to learn more about your organization.
We would like to ask your help in clearing up our financial problems with your company.
I would like to come and see you.
Any orders you place with us will be processed promptly.
Please inform us as to what quantity you can deliver at regular intervals.
Here is our answer to your fax message dated April 1st.
We believe that you will be able to make a price concession.
Please do not touch the record side.
Records certify that Bob passed his driving test.
The monument was set up in the park.
On top of the statue, Sadako is holding a golden crane over her head.
The commemorative ceremony ended with the closing address.
The press besieged the minister with questions.
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.
During the press conference, the President touched on foreign relations.
The reporter shot questions at the politician.
The reporter took down everything that was said.
The journalist was too upset to distinguish vice from virtue.
The reporter covered the gas explosion in Shibuya.
The reporter criticized the politician.
The reporter refused to name his sources.
She cried bitterly at a press interview.
The press is interested in his private life.
A reporter is interviewing Dr. Patterson about Koko, a talking gorilla.
Reporter: Can you give me an example?
How did she tell them?
Did she hurt that kitten?
Reporter: Did you buy her a kitten?
I read about All Ball.
Most people think that gorillas are stupid. Is that true?
The article's tone was one of pessimism.
The length of the article is not to exceed 1000 words.
She has a good memory, too.
My memory is failing.
A good memory is his weapon.
It is still fresh in my memory.
People who regularly work in the open air do not suffer from sleeplessness.
Regular exercise is beneficial to good health.
I believe in exercising regularly.
You should practice playing the piano regularly.
An orderly lifestyle and a regular diet are the keys to health.
Those who violate the rules will be punished.
Anyone breaking the rules will be asked to leave on the spot.
All of the rules must be in line with company policy.
The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
The rules must be few, and more importantly, simple.
Rules are to be observed.
We must observe the rules.
Technically he is still a student.
We punished him according to the rules.
You must follow the regulations.
Don't go against the rules.
You must not violate the regulations.
A fussy referee can ruin a bout.
The rule requires that theses be written in English.
The rules require us all to be present.
Gas is a little cheaper with self-service, now that deregulation is kicking in.
Noriko really is a nice person, isn't she?
In 776 B.C., the first Olympic Games were held at the foot of Mount Olympus to honor the Greeks' chief god, Zeus.
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
We can clearly see the cycle of the seasons in Canada.
Just keep your fingers crossed.
A whistle blew, and the boat slowly began to pull out of port.
The steamer is now out of sight.
A steamship is, without doubt, a city in itself.
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?
Reading kills time on a train trip.
The train was brought to a sudden halt.
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
The train was held up for two hours on account of the snowstorm.
The train was not so crowded as I had expected.
The train was so crowded that I was kept standing all the way.
The train will arrive on time without fail.
The train hasn't arrived yet.
The train left the station and was soon lost in sight.
The train has not arrived yet.
The train is ready to start.
The train was about to leave the station.
Trains come more often than buses.
The train traversed a tunnel.
The train was due at six.
The trains leave at two-hour intervals.
I had my purse and commutation ticket stolen while I was sleeping on the train.
We were roused at daybreak by the whistle of a train.
Beware lest you should miss the train.
Hurry up in order to catch the train.
I got there in time for the train.
The train was delayed, so I could not arrive there on time.
We should take into account that the train was delayed.
The train was derailed.
They waved good-bye to their parents as the train pulled out.
As the train was crowded, I kept standing all the way to Kyoto.
If your windows are not airtight, moisture will seep in.
Our train stopped suddenly.
Why don't we drive out to the country for a change of pace?
Let's take a walk for a change.
Mother advised me to take a walk for a change.
Let's eat out for a change.
Let's take a break for a change.
I wish you would take me to a restaurant for a change.
Are you feeling sick?
Are you feeling OK?
If you need a change of pace, why don't you come for a visit?
We are having a whale of a time.
How do you feel now?
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.
When I feel fine, I go for a walk.
Not feeling well, I stayed home all day.
I'm not feeling well.
I can't see you today because I feel ill.
I'm not up for it.
I felt ill and was admitted to the hospital, but in the event, it was nothing serious.
Sick and tired, she went to bed early.
Not feeling well, I stayed home on that day.
Do you feel sick?
Because she felt sick.
I don't feel well. Could you give me some medicine?
Not being well, she stayed home.
I'm feeling ill, but I intend to go out anyhow.
I'm feeling fine now.
I'm feeling low.
I feel refreshed.
It is easy to get the cranky man's goat by teasing him.
You have to be patient.
The generous dentist contributed some two billion yen to charity.
I think I'm going to faint.
He gives me the creeps.
The weather bureau says it will rain tonight.
I don't like girls who put on airs.
Try and calm down.
Everybody loved the simple scholar.
Don't change your mind.
I understand how you feel.
Speak your mind.
I really feel for you.
I know how you feel.
Isn't it a lovely morning?
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
For somebody who feels rushed all the time, I sure make slow progress.
Your mind is not occupied with your own affairs.
A strange feeling came over me.
It's a lovely day.
Roll up your sleeves and get busy.
The weather will soon begin to calm down.
I really enjoy the climate.
The climate has much to do with our mind and body.
Don't be upset by sudden change of the weather.
Because of the difference in climate, the same crop is not cultivated in the North and East of the country.
The climate affected the growth of trees and plants.
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
I can't get over how different the weather is here.
Please make yourself at home.
Take it easy!
Care has made her look ten years older.
Care aged him quickly.
Worry affected his health.
The balloon floated off into the west.
A balloon was floating in the air.
The balloon descended slowly.
Take it easy. I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
Take it easy. I can assure you that everything will turn out fine.
Take it easy.
Let's take it easy.
You're happy-go-lucky.
The temperature has been below freezing for several days.
What's the temperature?
Low temperatures turn water into ice.
The temperature fell several degrees.
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
My joints ache when it gets cold.
It's fine to make grandiose plans, but I'd like you to start with what you have on your plate.
I want to get away from the rat race.
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.
I had enough sense to get out of there.
Look out! There's a car coming.
Look out! There's a hole in the road.
She'll get the better of you if you aren't careful.
Take care.
If you're not careful, you might slip and fall on the icy steps.
I fainted.
I pulled myself together and started my work.
I didn't know you cared!
Let your hair down a little.
Relax, and above all, don't panic.
Take heart and do it again.
Watch out, the man has a gun.
If you're not careful you'll miss a traffic sign!
I was very careful, but I caught a cold.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
Beware! There's a car coming!
Take care of yourself, and have a good time!
After an awkward pause, Bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs.
The weather is fickle.
He is a good fellow, to be sure, but he isn't reliable.
Are you crazy?
I wish I could think of something to say.
The pitiful sight moved us to tears.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
It's just your imagination.
Whether you like it or not, you have to go.
Like it?
I hope you'll like it.
You like it, huh?
Please think nothing of it.
Don't worry about it!
Never mind.
Never mind. Anyone can make mistakes.
Never mind!
Caring means being alive.
I just brush it off.
It's all right.
Forget it.
I appreciate your concern.
It's not easy to part with one's favorite possessions.
You've got a good head on your shoulders.
I found myself lying in my bedroom.
Please drink the beer before it goes flat.
I'm exhausted.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
You should continue until you're satisfied.
I'm out of my mind.
I'm not in the mood.
Now that I notice it, I have nowhere to run.
It was there, when I noticed it.
I found myself back in my room.
Thank goodness, you've come to.
It took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to.
He was so sad that he almost went mad.
I met nobody on my way home.
Could you show me your return ticket?
In the car on the way home, he was making plans for the next day.
I met Naomi on my way home and we had a chat.
On my way home, I fell asleep on the train and rode past my station.
I met him on my way home.
On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was an American.
I was caught in shower on my way home.
On arriving home, I discovered the burglary.
You can go home if you like.
I may have to come home late, in which case I'll telephone you.
Returnees have trouble getting used to life in Japan.
I will inquire about the matter after I return home.
Why don't you look in on Mr Anderson on your way back?
Be sure to call home before you leave the office.
Please turn out the lights when you leave.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
You are home late.
It is not my intention to return.
You're back late. What have you been up to?
Can you find your way home?
Don't fool around on your way home.
Don't play around too much after school.
I'm fixing the radio which I found on my way home.
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.
I was caught in a shower on my way home.
The trip back was very comfortable.
Do you have a return ticket to Japan?
Hopefully you can rest and relax on the flight home.
Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
Please drop in at my house on your way home.
Please drop in on your way home.
It'd be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home.
I don't wanna go back.
I'll call by at the post office on the way home.
Wait here till I come back.
I will see him after I get back.
He asked me to wait there until he came back.
She scolded the child for coming home so late.
So nice that you are back.
On his return he found her daughter asleep.
My bicycle was gone when I returned.
Get back, get back!
How many pieces of carry-on are you going to take?
Are there movies on the plane?
Dinner will be served on board the plane.
His seat in the plane was on the aisle.
The riot police arrived on the scene.
Wit gives zest to conversation.
The captain will go to the meteorological office to get a weather briefing.
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate.
He is cranky.
The locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars.
Mechanical power took the place of manual labor.
The downtime is caused by a mechanical problem.
The agonies of the machine age do not originate from the machines as such.
It is impossible to substitute machines for people themselves.
Press this button to start the machine.
I got the machine running.
The machine squealed for lack of oil.
Machinery uses a lot of electricity.
Machinery dispenses with much labor.
Machinery robs work of creative interest.
The machine was clogged with grease.
The machines are idle now.
You must feed the machine.
I can do it if you give me a chance.
I seize the moment and turn it to my advantage.
Don't throw away your chance.
You must take advantage of the opportunity.
One should always make the most of one's opportunities.
Thanks to the opportunity, we were able to avoid substantial effort.
I'll speak to him at the first opportunity.
A family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine.
Chance is a nickname for Providence.
You should see this film if you get the opportunity.
You should change your job if the occasion arises.
I will see him at the first opportunity.
I will do it at the first opportunity.
It's a pity we didn't visit Tom when we had the chance.
The plane rose sharply before leveling off as it left the coast.
When the time is ripe, be bold and go for it! I'll stand by you.
There were two abstentions.
I was busy with work for the term exam.
The results of the term examination were anything but satisfactory.
I have to give myself up to studying for final exams.
I've really got to buckle down and study for our final exams.
I'm busy because the finals are drawing on.
Submit your term papers to Professor White.
How is your term paper coming along?
He passed the test as was expected.
As had been expected, the weather turned out to be very fine.
We were filled with joyful expectation.
Prospect is often better than possession.
As was expected, he succeeded in winning the prize.
I'm sure you'll whip us up something really good.
The restaurant was a bummer.
As was expected, he won the prize.
You must get the job done before the deadline.
Let's get an open ticket.
How long do you want it for?
The known must be separated from the unknown.
She knew what it was like for married women to look after houses, husbands and children.
Let bygones be bygones.
We tend to welcome only proofs of what we already know.
Now, the situation is out of hand.
I have already done my homework.
As you already know.
The odds are against me, so I think I'll quit now.
The flag is up.
Keep sight of the flag.
When I tried to move the desk, one of its legs made a jarring sound as it scraped across the floor.
The desk is covered with dust.
I hit my funny bone on the edge of the table.
The watch on the desk is mine.
Let's straighten out the desk.
Look at the book on the desk.
Whose is the book on the desk?
Not every book on the desk belongs to me.
The hat on the desk is Chama's.
He noticed a letter on the desk.
The dictionary on the desk is mine.
The radio on the desk is a Sony.
The lamp on the desk had an out of kilter lampshade.
The money on the desk is not mine.
The watch on the compact disk is mine.
A book is lying on the desk.
I see a book on the desk.
There is a book on the desk.
There is a book on dancing on the desk.
There is a map on the desk.
There is a fan on the desk.
There are some books on the desk.
There is a key on the desk.
I see a flower on the desk.
What is on the desk?
There is an album on the desk.
There is a card on the desk.
There is a dictionary on the desk.
Was there a book on the desk?
There is an apple on the desk.
There is one apple on the desk.
Are there any pens on the desk?
There are no pens on the desk.
There is a pen on the desk.
Is there a pen on the desk?
How many pens are there on the desk?
Fan letters lay in a heap on the desk.
The comic books were piled on the desk.
There wasn't any book on the desk.
Dust had accumulated on the desk.
There is only one book on the desk.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
There are several books on the desk.
There is a bag on the desk.
The word processor on the desk is my father's.
Look at that picture on the desk.
There were no more than two books on the desk.
There is a cat under the desk.
There is an apple under the desk.
There are not any books under the desk.
Are there any books under the desk?
A cat appeared from under the desk.
The desk drawer is open.
I put down a rug under my desk.
I fell asleep while studying at my desk.
I am tied to my desk and chair.
Desk work is just not my cup of tea.
I agree with you to a degree.
You can not appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
The treaty has been concluded after many twists and turns.
After having fought many hard battles, we were able to bring home the bacon and set up a new government.
Some people kept interrupting the speakers, and finally broke up the meeting.
I'll give you as many as you like.
Geometry, about which I know nothing, seems like a very dull subject.
Several newspapers published the story.
You should not give up your hope.
You must not give up hope.
Having realized his hope, he returned home.
Don't give up hope.
Thoughts of hope, dreams I'll never find.
Hope is the last thing that man has to flee unto.
I didn't give up for lack of hope.
As long as you have hope, a chance remains.
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.
No one can turn the clock back.
When you take shelter, make sure you go under a big tree.
I was too glad not to jump up.
What with joy and shame, she blushed to the ears.
To my joy, my daughter passed the examination.
To her joy, she passed the entrance examination.
I know you're happy about it. Why don't you just show it?
Strange to say, the figure went out of sight suddenly.
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.
Strange as it may sound, this is true.
It may sound strange, but what he said is true.
It sounds strange, but it is true none the less.
It may sound strange, but it is true.
Strangely, the number of students is decreasing each year.
Strange to say, he saw the ghost of his father.
Oddly enough, he insisted on his innocence.
Strange to say, no one voted for the candidate.
A curious disease struck the town.
A strange fellow, he never speaks unless spoken to.
Strange to say, he met someone who was said to be dead.
He's possessed by a strange idea.
There are strange rumors afloat.
Curiously, a flower bloomed on the withered up tree.
Curious to say, I didn't find it anywhere.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
Strange to say, the door opened of itself.
Strange as it is, the story is true.
Strange things happened on her birthday.
A novel idea occurred to me.
It's nothing short of a miracle.
He won't be able to escape from there without a miracle, will he?
Unless there is a miracle, we won't be able to make it on time.
Odd numbers alternate with even ones.
The magician had the children's attention.
The magician's tricks surprised us.
Basically, I agree with your opinion.
Fundamental instincts will not go away.
The master plan includes programs to provide employment as well as recreation.
That game is easy, once you learn the basic rules.
On base and off, buckle your seat-belts.
I'm keeping a record of basal body temperature.
It is important to strengthen the basis.
It is foolish of you to build a castle in the air while forgetting to drive in pilings for its foundation.
Don't let your feelings show.
You could tell by the ear-to-ear grin that came to his face that he really had something to smile about.
I'll be glad to help him.
I'm willing to help him.
We gladly accept your offer.
I'll be happy to answer your question.
I'm quite agreeable to doing my duty.
I'll be glad to come.
I will gladly help you.
I thought you'd jump at the chance.
I'll do it with pleasure.
I am glad to accept your invitation.
I will be very happy to accept your invitation.
I'll be glad to.
I'll be only too glad to go with you.
I will be glad to help you.
I am ready to go with you.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I'd be glad to go in your place.
I'd be happy to attend your party.
I will be pleased to help you.
I am only too pleased to come with you.
Joy was mingled with sorrow.
Short pleasure, long repentance.
Tears of joy rained down their cheeks.
Delight is the opposite of sorrow.
Waves of joy drift through my opened heart.
It is easier to sympathize with sorrow than to sympathize with joy.
Her face was animated by joy.
I jumped for joy.
His joy showed on his face.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
He stayed behind in view of possible danger.
Let's take a chance and go for broke.
Danger comes soonest when it is despised.
He was brave in the face of danger.
He was still as still in the presence of danger.
When they are in danger, they run away.
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.
The red lamp lights up in case of danger.
There's a scent of danger.
Dangerous driving should be punished.
Is there any danger?
He remains calm in the face of danger.
No idea of danger crossed my mind then.
The more danger, the more honor.
This doesn't mean the danger has passed.
The danger past and God forgotten.
Dangers give relish to an adventure.
Danger. Keep out!
In a crisis you must keep your head.
It is essential to keep calm in a time of crisis and avoid going haywire.
I almost missed the train.
I was nearly run over by a car.
If it gets dangerous, give me a call.
Don't run risks.
Don't take chances.
The weather is threatening.
Look out! There's a truck coming!
Look out!
I came near to being drowned.
I was almost run over by a car.
She wasn't hurt, but she got goose bumps when her car nearly crashed.
I barely missed being struck.
I had a narrow escape.
It was a close call when the little girl almost drowned in the lake.
Corporate bankruptcies continued at a high level last month.
Corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply.
The deterioration of corporate earnings has yet to bottom out.
One problem is how the enterprises arrange posts for excellent female students, but another important point is whether the educational industry can grow and supply creative students needed for Japan's future.
Improving corporate performances are behind the stock market recovery.
Scott is an entrepreneur with much spirit of enterprise.
Companies welcome workers who take initiative.
Corporations are downsizing and reducing the amount of profits they put back into R&D.
Corporations are competing to fill the vacuum.
Corporate political donations are coming under heavy scrutiny.
Stock prices soared in active trading as corporations announced good financial results.
Company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger.
We soon believe what we desire.
If wishes were horses, beggars might ride.
Make a wish and blow out the candles.
I hope my dream will come true.
Did you get your wish?
I have spots coming out all over my face.
You look pale. Shall I call the doctor?
He looks pale.
You look pale. What's the matter with you?
You look pale. You'd better take a day off.
Billy often hits his face against windows.
You look green.
Wash your face.
He told me to wash my face.
Wipe your face clean.
To lose face means to be humiliated.
A shave, please.
Turn your face this way.
Looks aside, she is very good-natured.
Slapped on the face, I didn't fight back.
Wash up.
I'm getting little pimples on my face. I wonder if I've been getting enough sleep lately.
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.
His face went to pieces with tears.
It's an advantage to be good looking.
Your face is red.
My cheeks burn.
My face twitches.
Beauty without goodness is worth nothing.
Hang in there, and you can do it.
Come on, Shougo. You can do it.
I try.
I thought our boss was stubborn as a mule but actually he has his cute side.
The more stubborn you are, the more isolated you become.
If it becomes stubborn indeed it stands alone.
You must not be stubborn and should be friendly.
I've got my stubbornness from my father.
Look out for rock slides.
The fall from the ledge shattered his leg.
Rocks and minerals are useful for us in many ways.
The rock rolled down the hillside.
Sitting on the rock, she sang a sweet song as she combed her hair.
A small stream ran down among the rocks.
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms.
A rock stuck out from the bank into the river.
I don't exist to you.
You have to adjust your glasses to your eyes.
I've lost my glasses.
Wearing glasses should correct your vision.
Without his glasses, he is as blind as a bat.
Since the bridge looks like a pair of glasses, they call it Meganebashi.
Survey the landscape below.
The eye may see for the hand, but not for the mind.
A person with weak eyes can't see far.
The cancer has spread to her stomach.
Cancer can be cured if discovered in time.
We have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer.
Silence grows like cancer.
Can you hear the noise of the waves on the beach?
I can see some boats far away from the shore.
I'm getting sick and tired of Ms Maruta and her noisy friends.
The logs flamed brightly.
I was exhausted by a full day's teaching.
I am glad that the matter was settled amicably.
Is there an information counter?
Korean food is generally very spicy.
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
Korea is now up and coming.
What languages do they speak in Korea?
A customs declaration is required.
Proponents of increased import duties are at odds with each other.
I would like to stress that it is more convenient to control tariffs as a bloc rather than country by country.
We hope to lower the tariff.
The countries concerned settled the dispute by peaceful means.
They found out truth while examining a pile of relevant documents.
Give me any books you have on the subject.
Such an accurate, lightning-quick reply. What can I say?
Social unrest may come about as a result of the endless rising of prices.
Don't eat between meals.
Eating between meals is bad for the figure.
Eating between meals is a bad habit.
It is not good to eat between meals.
It's a small noisy apartment, but it's where I live and I call it home.
We found the failure of the experiment at the last moment.
It's as deep as it is wide.
The geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours.
Business recovery, which looks just around the corner, will be rapid and strong.
He was saved by a hair.
Seen close-up, things have a way of showing their defects, their innate ugliness.
That was a close call.
By mistake I boarded a train going in the opposite direction.
I'm afraid I took your umbrella by mistake.
Correct my spelling if it's wrong.
It was you that were wrong.
It is you who is in the wrong.
Cross out all the wrong answers.
I'm afraid you got off at the wrong place.
Should we send back the wrong merchandise?
The wrong time, the wrong place.
If you make a mistake, just cross it out neatly.
I think you have sent me a wrong order.
I must have made a mistake.
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.
To make mistakes is not always wrong.
I entered someone else's room by mistake.
I put my gloves on inside out by mistake.
It was you that made the mistake!
You have the wrong number.
Correct the errors if there are any.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
I'm very sorry about the mistake.
You won't make mistakes.
We must concede that we committed an error.
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg.
It took him only a few minutes to realize his mistakes.
People who are afraid of making mistakes will make no progress in English conversation.
It's absurd never to admit your mistakes.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
There is no one but commits errors.
Let's take the utmost caution against errors.
Don't worry about making mistakes.
Don't make a mistake.
The number of mistakes is ten at most.
Make sure that you arrive at seven o'clock.
You better believe it.
It's a common mistake.
Correct errors, if any.
An error was made.
There appears to have been a mistake.
You'd better believe.
Soon the bath was cool enough for him to get into.
Soon the plane begins to move, and then it takes off.
It won't be long before they get married.
The approaching exam, they knew, would be quite easy.
It was not long before the news came.
The dry season there will set in soon.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon.
We are looking forward to seeing you soon.
Easter will soon come around.
I hope it won't be long before I can see you again.
It's going to clear up soon.
It will not be long before we meet again.
We will soon be ready for the party.
A hedge between keeps friendship green.
Let us settle the matter without a third party.
A fence between makes love more keen.
I'm afraid not.
I just hope it makes it in time.
I didn't think you were going to make it.
Walk fast so as to be in time.
To be on time, I ran.
We're counting on you to wake us up in time, so don't fall asleep.
Send me the account.
Do you think we can get there in time?
You look very dignified.
Investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today's fire.
What I like best is going on Ferris wheels.
The audience was excited at the game.
The crowd may be on the side of Luciano, but the champ has got the skill to win and that's what matters.
All the audience was excited.
Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
Local shops do good business with tourists.
The tourists wandered around the stores.
The tourists painted the whole town red.
The way tourists dress offends the local standard of propriety.
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years.
Tourists have increased in number.
Have the tourists all gone on board?
Would you give me some travel brochures from your country?
Where is the tourist information office?
Please refer to the tourist information office.
The tourist information center gave a city map to whoever asked it.
I want to get a sightseeing visa.
Tourism is important to the economy of my country.
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel.
Is there a tour guide available?
Tourism generated many new jobs.
It would demoralize the opposing team to give it the razz from the spectators' side.
The audience reacted in different ways to her performance.
I've staked out places for us in the front row of the auditorium.
His home run excited the crowd.
The audience was carried away by his touching performance.
The audience appeared bored.
The audience is really charged up.
With a scream the spectators scattered.
The audience sobbed throughout the climax of the movie.
The audience applauded for a full five minutes.
The audience applauded the actress.
The audience was immersed in an aftertaste of the concert.
The spectators were moved by her graceful performance.
It is not what you read but how you read it that counts.
A new treatment for hepatitis is being studied.
Canned food doesn't interest her.
The can is empty.
Check all the loose knots and fasten them tight.
You must begin with books like these that are easily understood.
I had no difficulty in finding his office.
That which is easily acquired is easily lost.
To make a long story short, we married.
To put it briefly, I do not agree.
I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.
People could have avoided many mistakes by simple experiments.
As it is written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
It is written in simple English.
It's simple. Just ask anybody.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Briefly stated, Hobsbawm's thesis is that the history of the twentieth century is that of the decline of civilization.
I need a concise explanation.
Will you show me how to set up a cot?
The orchestra struck up nostalgic music.
Water shot from the pipe.
Nurses attend sick people.
The nurse is dressed in white.
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer.
The nurse looked after the babies.
The nurse gave me a shot.
The nurse soothed the crying child.
The nurse anticipated all his wishes.
The nurses must see to the comfort of their patients.
The nurse recommended that he try walking.
The nurse told us not to enter the room because the patient was in a critical condition.
Please follow the nurse's directions.
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
The nurses were run off their feet every day.
The nurses attend to the patient day and night.
A nurse wears white.
The nurse wound my leg with a bandage.
The nurse took his temperature.
A nurse took my temperature.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
Two nurses are attending her.
The manager sat on the bench with his arms folded.
The manager has put him back in the major league.
The manager bestowed a trophy on him.
The manager sent the bunt sign to the batter.
The manager assembled the players on the field.
The manager balanced the strength of his team against that of their opponent and sighed.
The director cast me as the devil.
In the film, the director makes Hamlet an active person.
The supervisor enforced the rules here in this factory.
You must act under the leadership of your supervisor.
He left his team as he could not get along with the manager.
Sugar replaced honey as a sweetener.
You shouldn't expect things to be easy.
I want something sweet.
Some are deceived by fair words.
Do you care for sweets?
I can't resist sweet things.
Sweet scents are borne on soft breezes.
Too many sweets cause your teeth to decay.
You shouldn't let children eat too many sweets.
When it comes to sweets, I just can't control myself.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
He's a pushover.
Environmental problems call for quick action.
The environment was the focus of student council activities.
The destruction of the environment is appalling.
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.
Fear of pollution discouraged people from building homes near power plants.
How to deal with environmental pollution is a serious matter.
Everybody will have to pitch in to save the environment.
Some factories pollute the environment.
We ought to do our best not to pollute our environment.
Environmental changes gave rise to new species.
Teach me some kanji, please.
Almost no students get full marks in Chinese classics.
Sweat is dripping from his face.
Kanji are difficult to read.
I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
I'm dripping with sweat.
The shouting echoes loud.
We cheered him and chose him as our captain.
Shouts of joy burst forth.
The cheers swelled to a roar.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
I like it better now that I'm used to it.
So great was his emotion that he could not utter a word.
I was moved to tears.
Can other people catch it?
I don't want to let my emotions out.
The bill was paid in coin.
Have a nice Thanksgiving!
If we let our reasoning power be overshadowed by our emotions, we would be barking up the wrong tree all the time.
Happy Thanksgiving Day.
I can't think of the right words with which to express my thanks.
I'd like to express my gratitude.
I don't know how to express my thanks.
May I present this to you in token of my appreciation?
Even though I felt that there was something strange, I just didn't know what it was.
The patient was lying in the bed with his eyes closed.
The patient was recovering daily.
The patient is steadily recovering.
The patient was discharged from hospital.
The doctor emphasized that the patient had only a few days.
The patient got better little by little.
The patient is out of danger now.
The patient was allowed up.
The patient will soon recover from his illness.
The patient was quite beyond help, so that the doctors could do no more.
Patients often die simply because they yield to their diseases.
The condition of the patient turned for the better.
The patient's life was in danger.
The patient's condition changes from day to day.
The condition of the patients changes every day.
The patient is sick beyond all hope.
Give medicine to the patient right away.
I cannot say for certain that the patient will recover.
The construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs.
Dried fish is not to my taste.
If the hay caught fire, it would be a real disaster.
We stored the hay in the barn.
A spontaneous fire started in the hay.
Try to be generous and forgive.
It's his greatest fault to be too generous.
Generosity is innate in some people.
The bureaucrats maintain solid ties with the gigantic corporations.
Bureaucrats are testing the waters over revising old regulations.
I have yet to find a perfect husband.
Perfection is a trifle dull.
No problem at all!
The best is often the enemy of the good.
I beat him completely in the debate.
It seems unlikely that any society could completely dispense with myths.
This stone-dead guy had no friends.
It cannot be completely cured.
Full religious freedom is assured to all people.
It no longer seems to be a perfect circle.
You have our permission to include our software on condition that you send us a copy of the final product.
My patience has come to the breaking point.
Fluency in English is a must.
Give me a break.
Check, please.
Please add up the bill.
We'd like separate checks.
I think there's a mistake in my bill.
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.
Give me the bill, please.
May I have the check, please?
The bill amounts to fifty dollars.
The bill must be paid today.
I'll foot the bill.
The bill amounts to 500 dollars.
I paid the bill out of my expense account.
Business is business.
Charge this bill to me.
The bills are all done by computers.
The bill amounted to 500 dollars.
The bill amounts to five thousand yen.
The cold wind cut me to the bone.
A cold spell gripped Europe.
A cold wave passed over Japan.
The thermometer went down below zero.
Thermometers often go below zero.
I have a chill.
I feel cold.
I have very bad chills.
Don't you feel cold?
Making nothing of the cold, he went out in thin clothes.
I don't mind the cold, but I can't stand the heat.
The warmth after the chills intoxicated us.
Some plants are quickly affected by cold.
I do feel the cold.
The cold soon penetrated his quilted jacket.
I feel cold. Do you mind closing the window?
As the day got cooler, I had to put on a sweater.
You must take your coat in case it should become cold.
As long as it doesn't get cold, it's okay.
The cold weather has turned the leaves red.
As I felt cold, I put on my overcoat.
Feeling chilly, I turned on the heater.
I'm freezing.
My hands are numb from the cold.
My teeth chattered with cold.
It was cold, and, in addition, it was windy.
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
It was so cold I clung to the blanket all day.
The cold weather kept us indoors.
It being cold, we made a fire.
Though it was cold, he didn't light the fire.
It was cold, and in addition, it was windy.
Nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
It's often cold, so overcoats are advisable.
The cold weather continued for three weeks.
Anticipating a cold winter, we bought a bigger stove.
The cold winter will soon be over.
Spring brings mild weather after the cold winter.
Cold winter came on.
When the cold winter began, the old man's health deteriorated.
The cold weather may keep the plants from budding.
This meat stays good in cold weather.
When you breathe out in cold weather, you can see your breath.
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.
It is difficult to wake up on cold mornings.
It's difficult to get the car going on cold mornings.
In cold weather we must be sure to keep our bodies warm.
Those who are delicate in health are apt to catch a cold when the cold season sets in.
Cold weather is coming.
The cold climate affected his health.
We have had a long spell of cold weather.
It's cold. It was foolish of you not to bring your coat.
I'm cold. May I close the window?
I feel cold. Would you shut the window, please?
It's cold so you should wear a coat.
As it is cold, you may keep your overcoat on.
I wonder if they don't have meetings anymore where strong words fly and everyone goes at each other tooth and nail.
Bottoms up!
I'm looking for batteries.
It was all-or-nothing and we struck out spectacularly.
The dry season will set in soon.
Dry wood burns quickly.
Dry sand absorbs water.
Bring me a dry towel.
The Kamo runs through Kyoto.
The smell of cut grass summons up images of hot summer afternoons.
When I bite down, this tooth hurts.
Don't come near to the bulldog in case it bites.
Kamakura is a place noted in connection with the Genji family.
I have lived in Kamakura for twelve years.
Air the futon.
The shareholder's meeting was held.
Shareholders were concerned about the company's swift expansion overseas.
Shareholders voted to liquidate the company's assets.
The stockholders are making money hand over fist.
Stock investments do not always yield profit.
The stock market is often called a dangerous one.
The stock market tumbled.
The stock market is in a prolonged slump.
The stock market was surprisingly quiet today.
The stock market has dropped today.
The stock market is very active.
The stock market is severely depressed.
The stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market.
The stock has gone down over night.
You have no grounds for accusing Jill of stealing the stock certificates.
The stock price index was off 200 points yesterday.
The stock price index soared to an all-time high.
The price of the stock declined by half in a month.
Stock prices plunged to a record low.
Stock prices declined for five consecutive days.
The price of stock declined by half in a month.
There was a rapid decline in stock prices.
Stocks fell hard.
A record number of shares changed hands in busy trading as prices soared to a historic high.
Stock prices dropped.
Stocks hit a new high.
What a fool she is to dabble in stocks!
He was a stock-market tycoon until the bears got him.
I lost my shirt on the stock market.
It was careless of you to leave your bag.
Stick the bag down under the seat.
Will you open the bag?
You may leave your bag here.
I need a bag. Will you lend me one?
Kasai was credited with 30 saves.
He was in the middle of a funny story when he stopped to answer the telephone.
Well begun is half done.
The eagle does not catch flies.
Activists are stepping up their protest drive.
Activity keeps the mind from rusting.
The boy was bored with home routines that were dull and unchanging.
I think it's a good thing because it keep us on our toes.
The appropriation is pin-money; it wouldn't be enough even to build a gym, much less build the administration building.
Don't step on the broken glass.
You must perform all assignments in a timely manner.
How much was the additional charge?
Don't cut in line.
Let's split it.
An old oak is groaning in the storm.
Don't buy things on credit.
Hang your coat on the hook.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
My forehead burned with fever.
Wipe the sweat from your brow.
Come feel my forehead.
A high forehead is indicative of great mental power.
The frame itself is worth more than the picture.
The sweat was dripping off my brow.
The band played marvellously under the baton of a new conductor.
The band played several marches.
The band sprang into life.
The band paraded the streets.
The band played for the visiting monarch.
A band led the parade through the city.
It's a piece of cake.
Do you play a musical instrument?
Some learned to play musical instruments.
The optimist looks into a mirror and becomes more optimistic, the pessimist more pessimistic.
After a storm comes a calm.
Easy come, easy go.
It was easy for me to solve the problem.
Have fun.
Have a nice time.
Have a good time.
Are you enjoying it?
Time goes by quickly when you're having fun.
Enjoy yourself!
I'm looking forward to it.
Have fun, but don't get lost.
We enjoyed seeing the city, but we got a little tired.
Did you have a good time?
Did you enjoy yourself?
We are having a good time.
Singing merrily, they started for home.
Let's have some fun.
I hope you're having fun.
Are you having a good time?
Enjoy your trip.
I wish you a pleasant voyage.
I hope you had a nice trip.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
Sweet dreams, Timmy.
Have a nice weekend.
Have a nice flight.
Did you have a good weekend?
When you're enjoying yourself, the time seems to fly by.
A pleasant trip to you!
Have a nice vacation.
Let's sing a happy song.
My happy schooldays will soon be behind me.
Let's sing some merry songs.
Have a nice summer vacation.
Wishing you a Halloween filled with fun.
It's our pleasure.
It's been nice talking to you, but I really must go now.
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad.
Pleasure is the source of pain.
The head of the college, whose name was Miss Baker, therefore had a special place in the car park for her own small car.
Scholarship must always be exact whether it is interesting or not.
There is no easy road to learning.
Without hesitating, the dean selects infinite wisdom.
He was at a loss as to which faculty to choose.
I'll rely on my father for half of my tuition.
The pupils burst out laughing.
The president addressed his students as follows.
The school uniform is convenient because it can be worn for both informal and formal occasions.
They hate him because he gives them a mountain of homework.
The students volunteered for community service.
The students were animated by the agitator's appeal.
The students sat still, listening to the lecture.
The students demonstrated against the new government.
The students are busy preparing for the examination.
The students are having a recess now.
The students gathered at the call of the principal.
The students noted the professor's main points.
Students are open to the influence of their teachers.
The students are making good progress in English.
The students cheered in honor of Dr. Baker's birthday.
The students stood waiting for a bus.
None of the students have arrived on time.
I don't think any more students want to come.
Not all the students were present at the class.
There was no objection on the part of the students.
This is a store that caters specially to students.
All the students recognized her as their representative.
All of the students were present.
All the students will partake in the play.
It is absurd to idle away the student life.
In his school days he wasn't as gentle as he is now.
He was far from clever in his school days.
I was keen on classical music in my school days.
I got to know him when I was a student.
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.
I regret having been idle in my school days.
I used to go fishing in my school days.
Read as many books as you can while you are a student.
John would often go mountain climbing when he was a student.
I studied in England for six months when I was a student.
His stock with the students has soared.
Do you have a student fare?
The student hall is for benefit of the students.
There are several restrictions on working to support yourself abroad on a student visa.
Students should develop their reading skills.
Students are supposed to study hard.
Students should try not to be late.
Every student has access to the library.
The students are for the most part diligent.
A student spends a lot of time studying.
Students have a holiday on Foundation Day.
Students have access to the library.
Students should make use of the books in the library.
Students must keep silent during a class.
Students should make the most of their free time.
A student should not lose sight of his own identity.
Students are apt to waste time.
Students are longing for the vacation.
Students are supposed to turn in reports at the end of the school year.
All of the students stood up together.
Each student received his diploma in turn.
All the students protested against the war.
The student left without saying anything.
Students often study with music playing in the background, and people working around the house will usually turn on the television or radio to keep them company.
Students bustled about all the night.
None of the students were late for school.
Study the student more.
The teacher as well as his students has come.
Each student has expressed his opinion.
All the students shouted with joy.
Every student has free access to the library.
All the students attended the party.
All the students come from the US.
The students have an excellent gym at their disposal.
Students often pursue their teacher with questions.
Students will take one of these English courses.
Students have access to these computers.
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
Half of the students are absent.
Half the students were absent.
The students' lunch period is from twelve to one.
Some of the students come to school by car.
Some of the students like to play the guitar.
A majority of students dislike history.
Not all the students are against the plan.
The number of students is decreasing year by year.
I was used to studying when I was a student.
Being only a student, I can't afford to get married.
I used to play tennis when I was a student.
Some of the students were from Asia and the others were from Europe.
Almost all the students like English.
One student says the purge is still going on in China and terror is widespread.
I often wrote to her when I was a student.
Memories of my college days come to my mind.
Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.
I asked the student what image he had of black people.
Admission to students only.
Allow a student to be absent.
Books are popular with students.
Have students read such books as will make them think more.
Do you take in students?
You had better leave the students to find out for themselves.
If you are a student, behave as such.
Students are expected to stay away from dubious places.
The students chose her chairman.
His students adored him.
Students discussed the problem of brain death for a long time.
The students learned many poems by heart.
The students noted down every word the teacher said.
The students grimaced at the teacher.
Students have been protesting against the government's decision.
The students sat still all the time.
Students came of their own accord to help the villagers.
The students were ill at ease before the exam.
The students wanted us to help push the car.
The students revolted against authority.
The students assisted the professor in the investigation.
The students assembled in the classroom.
The students turned in their term papers.
Each of the students has to attend the morning.
Students are impatient for the summer holidays to come.
The students discussed the plan for many hours.
Each of the students has his own shoes.
Each of the students has his own locker.
The students were all looking forward to the summer vacation.
Some of the students went by bus, and others on foot.
The students met here to hear the speech.
Students often find it very difficult to understand a lecture in a foreign language.
The students have taken no notice of these instructions.
The students learned this poem by heart.
The students performed Hamlet.
The students were required to learn the Constitution by heart.
Students took the lead in the campaign against pollution.
There were hardly any teachers at the school that students could talk to.
The student center is a good place to strike up conversations.
I'll bet he'd have a fit if his students fell asleep.
It is taken for granted that students know how to express themselves.
A student visited the house of the great playwright.
A student wants to see you.
Three students. Here's my student ID.
I am tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity to learn.
He is something of a scholar.
There is no easy process of learning.
Some scholars ascribe the settlement of America to social unrest in Western Europe.
According to some scholars, a major earthquake could occur at any moment now.
Scholarly as he is, he can't be relied on.
A man of learning is not always a man of sense.
He is proud of his scholarship.
In terms of learning, he is superior to all of his friends.
Learning is one thing, and common sense another.
He was very learned, but he didn't know it.
It should be clear that the curriculum reform is mandatory in order to enhance interdisciplinary research.
Our school administration decided to do away with that school rule.
My time in school will be one of my happiest memories.
School systems have to cope with changing numbers of pupils.
I usually went to bed at ten in my school days.
He was very happy in his school days.
I would often take part in an English speech contest in my school days.
He ended up expelled.
On leaving school, he went to Africa.
I graduated from the school.
On leaving school, he went into business.
On leaving school, she got married to her classmate.
What are you going to do after you leave school?
I will have to wait till I finish schooling and start earning money.
What a fool he is to leave school.
The cost of operating schools continued to rise.
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.
As soon as he graduated, he went to work in his father's general store.
Let's skip school and go see the movie.
Cutting school is the first stage of delinquency.
I like summer holidays better than school.
Will you walk down to the school with me?
The school is only a five-minute walk.
I can walk to school in half an hour.
I ran to school, but the bell had already rung.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
The street to school was flooded and we had to go around.
Remember to post the letter on your way to school.
Don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school.
I met her on my way to school.
While crossing the street on my way to school, I met with an accident.
I met Tom on my way to school.
Wash your face before you go to school.
He was going to school.
Go to school.
Can you walk to school, or do you have to take the bus?
It takes us half an hour to walk to school.
It's a shortcut to the school.
Schools were started to help young people prepare for living in the world.
School begins tomorrow.
School begins the day after tomorrow.
Schools are expected to meet the needs of every child, regardless of ability.
Our school begins at eight in the morning.
Is the school on this side of the river?
The school adopted the new method of teaching English.
Our school was reduced to ashes.
School begins in spring.
They announced an increase in tuition fees.
The school is within walking distance of my house.
School begins on April the tenth.
School begins in April.
School starts next Monday.
School begins at 8:10 a.m.
The school is situated in healthy surroundings.
School will open on Monday.
School begins at nine.
School reopens in September.
You shouldn't go to school.
Our school is within ten minutes' walk of my house.
Is your school far from your home?
What time does school begin?
School will break for the summer.
The school is farther than the station.
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
The school awarded Mary a prize.
School will soon break up for the summer vacation.
The school drains the pool once a month.
Where do you go to school?
The school is only five minutes' walk from here.
School has closed for the Christmas holidays.
The school stands about one mile off.
The school is across from our house.
When is school over?
When does your school break up?
When does school break up?
Does school start at eight-thirty?
School begins at nine and is over at six.
School begins at eight-thirty.
Our school begins at eight.
The school is two kilometers ahead.
School begins on April 8.
He excels all his brothers in scholastic ability.
The school grounds extend as far as this fence.
The school gymnasium was enlarged.
Don't tell tales out of school.
We celebrated the centenary anniversary day.
You see some trees in front of the school.
School children have colds twice as often as adult.
My school grades were average.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
You could also say that he's at the bottom of the class, for sure.
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
The closing of school was due to the snow.
You must follow school rules.
I do a lot of work on the school newspaper.
There is a bus stop near our school.
Living near the school, I usually walk there.
School discipline is not as it should be.
I called at Nancy's house on my way home from school.
We went on a school trip to Nara.
We went to Lake Towada on a school excursion.
I heard the school bell ring.
Though he lives within a stone's throw of the school, he is often late.
I'm going to join the school orchestra.
When the school had no books or paper or pencils, she wrote the alphabet on the ground with a stick.
It's up to you to get to school on time.
Arriving at school, I found the race was over.
I cared for the rabbits when I was at school.
Don't be late for school.
You must not be late for school.
The number of students who were late for school was much smaller than I had expected.
Some of the students were late for school.
I'm afraid we're going to be late for school.
Your contribution to the school is tax-deductible.
I lost my purse on my way to school.
John met Mary on his way to school.
While I was going to school, I was caught in a shower.
What is the principle reason for going to school?
It's time to go to school.
I put on a cap when I go to school.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
You are not going to make it in time for school.
I live within walking distance of school.
Why are you here when you should be in school?
Would you mail this letter for me on your way to school?
If you are to do well in school, you must study hard.
Teaching spontaneous thinking is difficult in schools.
How often do you study English at school?
Remember well what you learn at school.
The school is crying out for good teachers.
You are not supposed to smoke at school.
At school he was always at the top of his class.
At school I am on the Newspaper Committee.
My school is getting ready for the campus music festival.
What subjects do you study at school?
Schools have tried to limit their use by not allowing them to be used in math classes, although they allow them in science lessons to save time.
This was third school shooting incident in six months.
I wanted to have finished it by the time school was over.
Success in school calls for much hard study.
School being over, we went home.
I am very glad school is over.
School being over, we went swimming in the pool.
You must be hungry after school is over.
The school provided us with textbooks.
The month when school begins is April.
School has started and I like it so far.
The school will provide tents for us.
Some go in groups organized by their schools, but most go in twos and threes.
On my way home from school, I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
When she returned home from school, she began to help her mother in the kitchen.
I have just come back from school.
I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I was caught in a shower on my way home from school, got soaking wet and caught a cold.
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.
I was also impressed with the school's cleanliness and the students' pride in it.
School is where we spend most of our time every day.
Success in school calls for hard study.
It is silly of you to neglect your studies.
The final exams are approaching.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
Our campus festival is to be held next week.
Learning without thought is labor lost.
The more you learn, the more you want to.
The more we learn, the better we realize our ignorance.
The more you study, the more you discover your ignorance.
The more we learn, the more we realize how little we know.
You're never too old to learn.
One is never too old to learn.
No one is too old to learn.
The man who stops learning is as good as dead.
The learned are apt to despise the ignorant.
The revolutionary council met to plan strategy.
After the revolution, France became a republic.
The revolution brought in a new era.
The revolution has brought about many changes.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
I'd like a room in the corner of the building.
One lump of sugar, please.
Please put a lump of sugar in my coffee.
As we went around the corner, the lake came in sight.
'Round the corner came a large truck.
You'll find the shop around the corner.
There is a bookstore just 'round the corner.
Will you run down to the corner and buy me a paper?
There's a pub just around the corner.
The house on the corner is ours.
I had my car filled up at the service station at the corner.
Not worth the remembered value.
I will get even with you some day. Remember it.
I will get even with you some day.
Do you remember?
I can't promise anything, but I'll do my best.
You want commitment, don't you?
Be sure to drop in at my house.
Please make sure.
She certainly looks beautiful in a Japanese kimono.
She is rich, to be sure, but I don't think she's very smart.
She is not beautiful, to be sure, but she is good-natured.
No doubt she loves him, but she won't marry him.
It is true she is a rare beauty.
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
She sings well, to be sure, but she can't act.
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.
Certainly he is independent of him.
You can certainly rely on him.
He is a clever boy, to be sure.
Indeed he may be a little dull, but he is diligent.
No doubt he did his best, but he didn't succeed.
He is not handsome, to be sure, but he is good-natured.
He is, without question, the best man for the job.
I am positive that he is wrong.
Certainly there are inequalities in level of education even within a generation, but there have been no visible inequities between machines and materials in recent years.
I did write to him.
It is hot, no doubt, but then the heat is dry.
A car is convenient, to be sure, but, after all, it will prove expensive.
It is true that he is over seventy.
I'm sure I've seen him before.
I'm alive all right, but don't ask where or how.
I did see him.
I'm sure that's no fault of yours.
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside, but she isn't a good swimmer.
I am sure I met him somewhere, but I do not remember who he is.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
Indeed, some writers do not think the relation of brain to consciousness is a causal relation in the first place.
Surely the most curious of sources consulted is Mankind Quarterly.
There is one thing that is certain.
He did not get any game.
The hunter cannot exist without the hunted.
Only by prohibiting nuclear weapons altogether can we stop the arms race.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to all humanity.
Nuclear weapons will bring about nothing but the ruin of mankind.
Nuclear weapons may bring about the annihilation of man.
Nuclear weapons are a threat to the race.
Nuclear power plants are dangerous, not to mention nuclear weapons.
We think nuclear weapons will destroy our earth.
Nuclear war will bring life on this planet to an end.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
Who can survive after a nuclear war?
Few people, if any, could survive a nuclear war.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
Come off it!
The nuclear family makes better communication possible between parents and children.
Let's get discount tickets.
The expansion is aging.
I'm going to make enlarged copies.
Round-trip fares to each destination are as follows.
The top favorites of each section were gathered together.
Each room is equipped with large desks.
PTAs in various places are discussing school regulations.
Each party shall consist of not less than fifteen people.
Each generation would have to rediscover for itself the truths of the past.
Each person has his own way of doing things.
Each speaker was allotted five minutes.
Each man's pay will be in proportion to his work.
Each man's pay was in proportion to his work.
The more unique each person is, the more he contributes to the wisdom of others.
Each man must cast a vote.
The lack of harmony between colors makes this painting stand out.
It has been demonstrated in various researches that the private sector has little influence over policy making.
The different character typologies are represented schematically in figure one.
Go to your respective seats.
Each of us has to be careful when driving.
Go to your posts.
Every nation has its peculiar character.
Each country has its own customs.
There is a limit of two pieces of luggage for each passenger.
Each member has to pay a membership fee.
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.
Each robot is equipped with a talking machine.
He who wears armor falls with a big crash!
Like water off a duck's back.
The street, lined with trees, provided a vista of the sea.
The streets are laid out quite well.
No one was to be seen in the street.
We had lunch at a roadside restaurant.
Houses were lined up alongside the highway.
The road tends to the south at the next village.
I walked about aimlessly on the street.
Give us a ride downtown.
I want to see the streets.
The town was defended by a large army.
More people live in the northern part of the city.
Please give me a map of the town.
Living in the town is quite different from living in the country.
There's an old movie theater in town.
Let's have lunch downtown and take in a show.
The town was flooded with strange foreign words.
As a rule, she is an early riser.
I cannot get the lid off.
Generally speaking, Japanese are hard workers.
It may be said, as a rule, that the climate of Japan is mild.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
As a rule we have much rain in June in Japan.
As a rule, twins have a lot in common.
In general, people were against the consumption tax.
As a rule, man is inclined to be lazy.
Generally speaking, women are better linguists than men.
Generally speaking girls are better linguists than boys.
As a rule, we have a lot of rain in fall.
Altogether, things are going well.
As a rule, I prefer a comedy to a tragedy.
I like Chinese food in general.
On the whole, I am in favor of your opinion.
As a rule, our English teacher gives a lot of homework.
Generally speaking, what she says is right.
Generally speaking, the climate here is mild.
In general the relation between parents and children is essentially based on teaching.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
On the whole, the country has a severe climate.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
Generally speaking, we Japanese are a little too timid in speaking foreign languages.
The weather in Florida is generally moderate.
As a rule, hail falls in summer.
On the whole, the result was unsatisfactory.
On the whole, the elite are not sensitive to criticism.
On the whole, my company is doing well now.
As a rule, I prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved.
Generally the Americans are a kind people.
On the whole, I think your plan is a very good one.
As a rule, he arrives at the office at about nine-thirty in the morning.
On the whole, the older a man grows, the more conservative he becomes.
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.
As a rule, Japanese people are not good at foreign languages.
Generally speaking, men are stronger than women.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
As a rule, the game of life is worth playing.
As a rule, the more fundamental a new truth, the greater will be its practical possibilities.
By and large, women can bear pain better than men.
By and large, reporters don't hesitate to intrude on one's privacy.
As a rule, the inhabitants of warm countries keep early hours.
In general, Susie is a nice student.
By and large, Tom is an easygoing person in almost everything he does.
On the whole, Canada has a severe climate.
If you shout from the top of a cliff, you can hear the echo of your voice.
There is a narrow path running along by the cliff.
Down went the bus over the cliff.
The man and his horse that fell off the cliff were soon rescued.
Some medicine does us harm.
You must not read such books as will do you harm.
You must not read such a magazine, as it will do you harm.
I cleared my throat, but no words came.
Do you have any cough medicine?
You should buy some cough medicine and aspirin.
Do you have any coughing?
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.
External application only.
The foreign minister attended the talks.
Outside advice may be necessary.
External pressure grows ever more intense.
Save it on the external hard drive.
Can I sleep out?
The Foreign Minister said that war was inevitable.
People shouldn't stare at foreigners.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
As is often the case with foreigners, John dislikes nattou.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese food.
See to it that the door is locked before you leave.
I don't feel like going out.
I have to do my homework instead of going out.
Don't forget to polish your shoes before you go out!
Are you going to pull curfew on me?
It was careless of her to leave the door unlocked when she went out.
Comb your hair before you go out.
See to it that all the doors are locked before you go out.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
It is better to stay in than go out.
I'd rather stay home than go out.
I would rather stay home than go out.
Didn't you go out?
People traveling abroad always have to get used to new food.
There are lots of benefits from travelling abroad.
We should not put restrictions on foreign trade.
Foreign products arrived on the market in large quantities.
If you engage in espionage for a foreign power, you are selling your country down the river.
We should not use foreign workers as a buffer against Japan's economic slowdown.
The influx of foreign workers has caused a serious housing problem in this area.
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.
We give foreign tourists the privilege of tax exemption.
Foreign students demanded help from us.
It is difficult for foreign students to speak English well.
Another tendency of many Japanese that bothers foreigners is to make statements that are too general and too broad by using or implying words like "all" and "every".
Foreigners admire Mt. Fuji.
Foreigners complain that it is difficult to get to know Japanese people. To some extent this may be true.
Only if a foreigner has read much English poetry can he understand Shakespeare.
Foreigners in general don't need as many compliments as Japanese are required to give each other, and it is good to keep this in mind.
Don't make fun of foreigners' mistakes in Japanese.
He will come with his wife, as is often the case with foreigners.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, i.e. Tokyo.
Being spoken to by a foreigner, I did not know what to do.
It is interesting to make friends with a foreigner.
It is difficult for foreigners to master Japanese.
It is difficult for a foreigner to study Japanese.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese meals.
Foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest.
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.
You'll find it your advantage to know a foreign language.
It is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time.
The best way to learn a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
To speak a foreign language well takes time.
The best way to master a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
It takes a great deal of practice to master a foreign language.
It is by no means easy to master a foreign language.
You must have a lot of patience to learn foreign languages.
Few people can speak a foreign language perfectly.
Learning a foreign language is difficult.
What is the best way to learn a foreign language?
It is often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
It's difficult to learn a foreign language.
We should make good use of dictionaries when studying a foreign language.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
If I want to master a foreign language, I must study as much as possible.
You can't master a foreign language in a short time; you have to study it step by step.
A foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so.
I will show you a new approach to foreign language learning.
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.
Regular attendance is important in a foreign language class.
Are you interested in foreign languages?
It's by no means easy to master a foreign language.
It's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language.
Speaking of foreign languages, can you speak French?
Isn't it difficult to make yourself understood in a foreign language?
It is so good to be able to speak a number of foreign languages.
Some knowledge of foreign languages, of Spanish in particular, is essential.
Traveling abroad is very interesting.
The best way to know a foreign country is to go there yourself.
The very idea of being sent abroad delighted them.
The good way to know a foreign country is to go there.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
He had not been abroad for one month before he was taken ill.
You should avail yourself of the chance to go abroad.
Have you been abroad?
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.
He took his daughter with him whenever he went abroad.
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.
Do people behave differently when they go abroad?
Mary's dream of going abroad finally became a reality.
I want to go abroad.
It's fun to learn about foreign cultures.
Do you have any foreign stamps?
There are a number of shops selling foreign books and periodicals.
Keep in touch with what is happening in foreign countries.
Do you have any imported beer?
You need a passport to enter a foreign country.
Don't you feel any inconvenience living abroad?
Living abroad is the best way to learn a foreign language.
You learn a lot about your own country if you live abroad.
I'm thinking of going abroad.
If I were to go abroad, I would go by boat.
In a foreign country most of us go through culture shock.
I haven't heard from my son who is overseas.
I couldn't make myself understood in a foreign country.
No matter how busy he was while living abroad, he never failed to write home to his parents at least once a week.
It is important to try to get along with people from foreign countries.
We have to buy them from abroad.
The foreign executives visited the manufacturing plant.
A group of foreign students visited Akira's high school.
In foreign countries, especially in Western countries, students are encouraged to express and develop themselves as individuals.
Have you visited foreign countries, say America?
Diplomatic dialogue helped put an end to the conflict.
Diplomacy is to do and say the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
An ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country.
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.
I am no match for him in diplomatic shrewdness.
You must not rely too much on appearance.
Don't be deceived by appearances.
He deceives others with his appearance.
Don't judge a man by his appearance.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
Judge him by what he does, not by his appearance.
We cannot separate the sheep from the goats by appearance.
No matter how we try, it is impossible to distinguish good people from bad people by outward appearances.
Judging from her appearance, she seems to be very rich.
One cannot judge people only by their outward appearances.
Judging from his appearance, he is ill.
Judging from his appearance, he must be the conductor.
The air felt a little cold.
Appearance is deceptive.
The exchange rates for foreign currency change daily.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation.
The surgeon took out his patient's appendix.
The surgeon persuaded him to undergo an organ transplant.
The surgeon persuaded me to undergo an operation.
Please go to the Surgery Department.
Shine your shoes before going out.
I felt a chill when I went out of the house.
Once outside, I gave a deep sigh of relief.
You can't go out.
I feel like going out.
Get out, or you will be sorry.
It seems warm outside.
It was piercingly cold outside.
It was pitch black outside.
There is a strong wind blowing outside.
It is cold outdoors. Put on your coat.
Come inside because it's cold outside.
Since it's cold outside, you'd better put your overcoat on.
You should put on a raincoat because it's cold outside.
It is getting dark outdoors.
It is getting dark outside.
It is still light outside.
It is dark outside.
It's very gray outside.
It's raining buckets outside.
It is very cold outside. You'll catch a cold without a coat.
It is getting lighter outside.
It's getting dark little by little outside.
It's like summer outside.
I feel a chill seeing the blizzard outside.
I didn't feel like studying because the noise outside was getting on my nerves.
I have a spare key to my house hidden outside.
Could we have a table outside?
Get out.
May I go out to play?
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain.
I stepped outside and was bathed in the harsh direct sunlight.
As soon as I went out, it began to rain.
I shivered with cold when I went outside.
He would not go out.
Could you let him out?
He is playing outdoors.
A sudden loud noise broke in on my meditation.
I hear footsteps outside.
The cold north wind was roaring outside.
Please invite us out to dinner.
The sky is getting light.
I don't like to cook when it's hot outside.
Don't stay indoors because it is cold outside.
You can from the outside.
I couldn't sleep well because it was noisy outside.
I don't like shellfish.
I missed a step on the stairs and I'm afraid I sprained my ankle.
He called his father as he went up the stairs.
Go up the stairs.
I'm out of breath after running up the stairs.
Watch your step in going down the stairs.
I fell down the stairs and hit my back very hard.
The hierarchy of rank has long been fixed.
Please come downstairs.
Election returns were what we had expected.
Grand opening sale.
The settlers learned that the land in the valley was fertile.
The settlers embraced the Christian religion.
Pioneer men and women had a hard life, and so did their children.
The pioneers met with many dangers.
The colonists bartered with the natives for fur.
The opening ceremony took place on schedule.
The opening of the country had a great influence on Japanese civilization.
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.
I plan to invite a lot of guests to the opening ceremony.
The opening address alone lasted one hour.
The curtain rises at 7 p.m.
No admittance during the performance.
What time does the play begin?
I found the box empty.
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.
Open up.
If you turn on me like that, I cannot talk any more.
You cannot make a crab walk straight.
I would like to excuse myself from receiving the Akutagawa Prize.
Picture books will cultivate the minds of children.
Paintings should not be exposed to direct sunlight.
The first virtue of a painting is to be a feast for the eyes.
I draw for a hobby.
Drawing is a lot of fun; it helps me to relax.
Look at the picture.
How many pictures did you buy?
The picture looks better at a distance.
Is the picture straight?
I'm going to France to study painting.
Everybody in the picture is smiling happily.
The girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers.
You must not touch the paintings.
Never confuse art with life.
The picture is hung crooked.
The picture hangs over the table.
Strange to say, all the lights in the house were on, though no one was at home.
May I begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome?
May I have your attention, please?
Excuse us for the inconvenience.
I esteem it an honor to address this audience.
May you all be happy.
I don't have the slightest idea.
All were satisfied.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
Everybody was disguised, so I couldn't tell who was who.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
Everybody seems to pay attention to what he says.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Everyone opposed it, but they got married all the same.
A cellar was dug on top of the hill and they slowly moved the house from the road to the hill.
Everybody came to the class on time.
The project was successful in the sense that it drew the attention of everyone.
Is there enough food to go around?
I will see you, each in your turn.
Let's extend our heartiest welcome to Miyake-san.
Each is good in its degree.
Everybody was interested in the story.
Make sure that all of you arrive at nine.
You are making history.
You don't have to trouble yourselves.
You can enter the library freely.
How is everyone?
Are you creating for us a future world where there is a greater danger of skin cancer, weakened bodies, less food and fewer plants and animals?
With kind regards to you all.
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to say a few words of welcome.
I will miss you all.
I'll never forget having a good time with you all.
Ladies and gentlemen, please come this way.
Make yourselves comfortable.
Please be quiet, everybody.
I hope you are all well.
All aboard!
Good morning, everybody.
Be silent in the library, boys.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like you to listen to my opinion.
All right, everyone, let's not stand on ceremony tonight. Cheers!
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
Good morning, everyone.
My best wishes to you and yours.
Speak clearly so that everyone may hear you.
Everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens.
Everyone regarded him as a great singer.
Everybody laughed.
Everybody looks up to him.
Everybody laughed at me.
He got angry because he thought that everyone was trying to make a fool of him.
Everyone looked on me as a leader.
I was happy to find that they agreed to my plan.
Everybody blames me for my careless mistake.
We went to the theater early, so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat.
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.
They all looked up to him as their leader.
This meeting is a waste of time. Everybody is just talking in vague theoretical terms.
I broke your ashtray.
I need an ashtray.
Put the ashtray within eyes reach.
Throw a sprat to catch a whale.
Has a change in ocean currents occurred?
Mountains in the ocean and even whole ranges are still being discovered, and most of them have not yet been explored in detail.
Voyages of exploration were the earliest in the history of studying the ocean.
If we are to judge the future of ocean study by its past, we can surely look forward to many exciting discoveries.
Driving along the coast is wonderful.
The seaside is an ideal spot for the children to play.
The air by the sea is pure and healthy.
I am taking a holiday at the beach.
Mr Kaifu is used to making speeches in public.
Low-lying lands will flood. This means that people will be left homeless and their crops will be destroyed by the salt water.
We want to explore an underwater oil field.
A submarine cable was laid between the two countries.
The pirates had no choice but to surrender.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
Larger pirates often preyed on unarmed merchant ships.
Let's make believe that we're pirates.
The pirates sailed the seven seas.
This is the first time I've had seaweed.
A sailor frequently has no time to get his sea legs after leaving port before a battle starts.
The seawater stings my cut.
He met his friend while bathing in the sea.
There was a violent storm at sea.
Kaishuu made nothing of hardship.
It seems the navy jets had a major screw-up in navigation and they bombed their own troops by mistake.
A short stroll along the beach gave me a good appetite for breakfast.
What do you say to taking a walk by the seaside?
There is no reason to wear a suit to the beach.
Which way is the beach?
Seaside resorts, such as Newport, are very crowded in summer.
They went to the beach.
There were few people on the beach.
Paul's family spends the summer at the coast every year.
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.
I saw a fishing boat about a mile off the shore.
You will benefit by a trip abroad.
Would you like to travel abroad?
Traveling abroad is one of my favorite things.
Traveling abroad is now more popular.
I had a chance to travel abroad.
I've been invited on a trip abroad, but I don't want to go.
Traveling abroad is out of the question.
Unfair tariffs are imposed on foreign products.
Canada is a good place to go if it's your first experience living abroad.
Overseas food exports are one of the mainstays of agribusiness.
It's going to be six dollars because it's international.
When you travel abroad, you usually need a passport.
The number of students going abroad to study is increasing each year.
More and more couples go on honeymoon trips abroad.
The number of Japanese going overseas has been increasing year by year.
The number of students going abroad is on the increase.
If you are going abroad, it's necessary to have a passport.
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.
The cost of flying overseas has risen with the cost of fuel.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
Overseas subsidiaries are putting out top-of the-line products.
When you go abroad, you'd better keep in mind that tipping is necessary.
You should take another pair of glasses when you go abroad.
When you travel abroad, you feel very expansive, and it's easy to overspend in a mood like that.
I've never been abroad.
Whenever I go abroad, I suffer from jet lag and diarrhea.
Our international sales continue to grow, bringing the name of Toyo Computer into businesses world-wide.
By studying overseas, students can come into contact with other manners and customs.
Japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to Japanese schools after returning, even though they have a perfect command of Japanese.
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.
I work for a shipping company.
Let's get a picture of us with the sea in the background.
When I contemplate the sea, I feel calm.
It is no more than half a mile to the sea.
It is no more than a mile to the sea.
Let's drive as far as the sea.
The sea covers nearly three-fourths of the earth's surface.
The sea was truly calm.
The ocean was calm.
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.
The ocean melted into the sky on the horizon.
The sea was running high.
The sea was as smooth as glass.
The ocean affords various kinds of resources.
The sea looks calm and smooth.
The sea is far from calm.
The sea grew wilder and wilder.
The sea is very wide.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the moon.
The sea ice is highly variable - frozen solid during cold, calm weather and broken up in large areas of open water during storms.
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea?
A variety of creatures can be seen under the water.
You can not drink the seawater, for it is too salty.
Marine plants grow on the sea bed.
Could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean?
Do you have a table with a view of the ocean?
Despite having lived near the sea, she still cannot swim.
Far away across the sea lies the sunny land of Italy.
There is a low hill near the sea.
I'd like a room facing the ocean instead.
I'd like to get a view of the ocean.
It's on the coast about 13 kilometers to the north of its more famous neighbor, Dover.
I cast my net into the sea.
If you go underwater, hold your nose and blow to clear your ears.
Most creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
I would rather go to the mountains than to the beach.
Surrounded by the sea, Japan has a mild climate.
Which do you like better, the sea or the mountains?
The colors of the sea and the sky blend into each other.
The sea is to fish what the sky is to birds.
You must be careful when swimming in the sea.
It is fun to swim in the sea.
Swimming in the sea is great fun.
Some children are swimming in the sea.
To swim in the ocean is my greatest pleasure.
The sea is down.
The sea got rough, so that we had to give up fishing.
Some people like the sea; others prefer the mountains.
The sea came into sight.
The sea indented the coastline.
The sun rose from the sea.
Winds from the sea are moist.
The sea is not clear.
Turtles live to a great age.
Improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program.
There's a lot of room left for improvement.
Show your ticket at the barrier.
The reformers were subject to every attack from the Establishment.
It is never too late to mend.
I have nothing particular to say.
I thought it would be a good idea to get back in touch with Japanese culture and history.
I groped for a flashlight.
She shone her torch onto the floor before us.
Flashing lights transmit messages between ships and to motorists along city streets.
I have plenty of money with me.
The good old days have gone, never to return.
I like to talk about the good old days.
We're on our way home.
There go the twelve bars blues.
The monster's smile was cruel.
The Sphinx howled with rage.
Hearing the monster's footsteps, they began running in all directions.
Cover up the injured man with this blanket.
You will hurt yourself.
Don't cry trouble half-way.
We could hear the groans of the injured man.
An injury put the shortstop out of action.
She fumbled with the glasses as she brought them in.
A good appetite, sound sleep, and regular motions are the three signs of good health.
Some people pursue only pleasure.
She greeted me with a pleasant smile.
Mere decay produces richer life.
Would you please replace the broken one promptly?
I replaced the broken cups with new ones.
The broken window was boarded up.
Cold blasts from the broken window chilled us.
I fix broken radios.
The clock that got broken must be repaired right away.
Can you fix the broken radio?
I made a temporary repair to the broken door.
It took three hours to put the broken toy together.
The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapse.
You must switch off the power before checking the circuit.
Recovery was almost impossible.
May I have coupon tickets?
It was twenty years ago as I look back on it.
I order you to turn right.
About face!
If it isn't out of your way, please take this letter to the post office.
There was a thick fog around.
Don't talk around it.
Stop beating around the bush and give it to me straight!
Don't say it in a roundabout way.
Don't beat around the bush.
You have to pay the price.
I am considering how to settle the matter.
All answers must be written according to the instructions.
Finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error.
It was apparent that there was no way out.
The settlement is a matter of time.
His explanation that a solution would take time didn't satisfy anyone.
There are many problems to solve.
We have some pressing problems to solve.
I will show you how to solve it.
He went to France to brush up on his speaking ability.
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.
In conversation, one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily.
Do you know that conversation is one of the greatest pleasures in life?
When you enter a conversation, you should have something to say.
Won't you join our conversation?
Wit is to conversation what salt is to food.
Why don't you join in the conversation?
Cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues.
With regard to the membership fee, you must ask the treasurer of the club.
Many members dropped out of the club when the dues were raised.
The hall resounded with pealing bells.
For whom will you vote for president?
The President did me the courtesy of replying to my letter.
You cannot be too polite when you meet the president.
The talks continued for two days.
The hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn't even standing room.
This hall was full of people.
The concert hall was so jam-packed there wasn't room to breathe.
The congregation was moved by the fine sermon.
We held a party in honor of the 20th anniversary of our company.
Send this parcel to him in care of his company.
We need a new leader to pull our company together.
Whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all.
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company.
Don't put the company in danger.
I hope I can hold on to my job.
Hans sold the patent to a company.
Call me at the office.
I had my wallet stolen on my way to the office.
The company engaged him as an advisor.
When you return to your company, don't forget to keep in touch with me.
The company rejected his request for a transfer.
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
The company pays me 100,000 yen in various allowances a month in addition to the regular salary.
The company appealed for people to take voluntary resignation.
The company was in the red and went under.
The company moved its corporate domicile to Hong Kong for tax purposes.
The company gave him enough pension to live on.
The company is caught up in a serious business slump.
The company is struggling for survival.
Our advice is that the company invest in new equipment.
The office was besieged by anxious inquiries.
The company rewarded him with promotion.
The company exploited its workers with low pay.
The company is attempting to stagger work hours.
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
The company has growing pains now.
The company is turning to export markets to make up for a decline in domestic sales.
The office has been topsy-turvy since the merger upset everything.
The community is made up of individuals.
The company took action against its former accountant.
The company is in financial difficulties.
The firm has a great deal of trust in your ability.
The company managed to keep afloat.
The company plans to close its U.S. sales unit in New York.
The company bought shares in the venture.
The company abandoned that project.
The company drew back from the project.
The company was in want of money.
The company called in all the baby food made in July.
The company went after its No. 1 customer gripe: power outages.
The company's gamble paid off.
The company's profits soared.
It took me several days to balance the company books.
This company owes its success to him.
In some companies, employees use paid holidays for their summer vacations.
Some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference.
Scott's job is to evaluate the assets of companies.
The office manager will explain to the new typist where she should work and what she should do.
My responsibility is to keep the company solvent.
We used to meet at a coffee shop in Shinjuku after work.
He bore the future of the company on his shoulders.
The company is at the end of its rope.
Want to grab a drink on the way home?
They chartered a bus for the firm's outing.
My company is sending us all to Hakone this year.
We all pigged out at the company Christmas party, especially on the roast beef.
New hires who just joined the company do everything in this timid manner.
Some companies guarantee their workers a job for life.
He's a pretty unique guy wearing bell bottoms and Hawaiian shirts to the office.
Try to get ahead in your company.
His official title at the company is Assistant to the President.
The company is in deficit.
The prospects for his career at the company are not quite promising.
When the company refused to increase their wages, they walked out.
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end.
We are having a meeting.
We insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible.
We got the meeting over with quickly.
The meeting is to be held next Thursday.
There was a convention last month.
The meeting was last month.
The meeting was put off until next Friday.
The meeting will take place next Sunday.
The meeting will commence.
The meeting began at five in the afternoon.
His meeting began at five in the afternoon.
The meeting ended at three in the afternoon.
The meeting is held twice a month.
The meeting was arranged for Tuesday.
The meeting will be put off.
The meeting dragged on.
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
The meeting broke up at eight.
The meeting begins at three.
The meeting will start at four o'clock sharp.
The meeting lasted two hours.
We will let you know the time and date of the meeting soon.
The date and place of the meeting have been fixed.
Where will we meet?
Please remind me of the time of the meeting.
I had intended to attend the meeting.
Only a handful of people came to the meeting.
Twelve are present at the meeting.
No less than 100 people attended the meeting.
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
I don't know why the meeting was postponed.
The accountant would not concede the mistake.
A bookkeeper computes all the company's income and expenses each week.
The treasurer was short in his accounts.
The accountant was blamed for the mistake.
The accountant will go into these figures.
When the accountant was arrested, rumour had it that it was for his creative bookkeeping.
Could I have the check?
Pay the cashier on the way out.
Could you add the cost to my room bill?
Where is the counter to pay my bill?
The accounts have been audited.
Could you please call him into the meeting?
My stomach started growling right there in the meeting. It was embarrassing.
Please let me know immediately if you would like to set up an area of the conference room for your products.
The meeting room is downstairs.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo.
We adjourned the meeting for lunch.
How do you account for your absence from the meeting?
We'll resume the meeting after tea.
The meeting is to be held next week.
The meeting will be held next month.
The meeting has been put off until next week.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
The meeting will be held tomorrow.
The conference was cloaked in secrecy.
There was an air of excitement at the meeting.
The meeting will be held regardless of the weather.
The meeting was canceled.
The meeting was attended by many.
The conference was drawing to an end.
The meeting was adjourned until the next week.
The meeting was adjourned until the following week.
The meeting will be postponed till the 20th of this month.
The meeting will be held this afternoon.
The meeting is scheduled for 10 a.m.
The meeting closed at four p.m.
The meeting lasted until 5.
The conference went off according to the plan.
It has been agreed that the meeting will be held on Friday.
The meeting ended on an optimistic note.
It was announced that the meeting would be put off.
Meetings are held every other week.
The conference will commence in due course.
The conference is already over, sir.
The meeting went on in this manner.
The meeting was held here.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
Meetings are to be held on the afternoon of July 15 (Tuesday), all day July 16 (Wednesday), and the morning of July 17 (Thursday).
The meeting will begin at 6:00 and dinner will be served at 7:00.
The conference closed at five.
The meeting broke up at four.
The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
Can the meeting be finished within two hours?
The meeting is ten days away.
The council began at 9:00 and should be finished by 10:45.
Fix a date for the meeting.
Guess what the managing director started off the meeting by saying. The first thing out of his mouth was an announcement of some major restructuring.
At the meeting he monopolized the discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding.
The chairman of the meeting became ill.
Please note the change in the meeting agenda.
The agenda for the meeting has been distributed.
It would help us if you would reserve the following hotel during our conference.
Taking notes at each meeting is one of the official duties.
I had a little chat with John after the meeting.
Did he show up at the meeting?
Sorry I'm late for the meeting.
Are you going to attend the meeting?
I came to Tokyo to attend a conference.
Attend the meeting.
Those present at the meeting supported the bill.
Few people attended the meeting.
Let's hurry to be in time for the meeting.
Only a few people showed up on time for the meeting.
I can't attend the meeting.
How many people were present at the meeting?
His proposals were adopted at the meeting.
You have to raise your hand if you want to speak at the meeting.
When Kawazoe pinned me down at the meeting, I broke out in a cold sweat.
I was asked to put away all the papers we used at the meeting.
I'd like to discuss the following at the meeting.
At the meeting I pointed out the plan's merit.
Her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting.
After the meeting she headed straight to her desk.
The session will be prolonged again.
The audience filled the hall.
The members numbered thirty, all told.
All the members were present.
Each member was called upon.
Were all the members present at the meeting?
All the members were present at the meeting.
Any member can make use of these facilities.
The members decreased to five.
The members decreased by 50 to 400.
Mention each member by name, please.
When did they register the names of the members?
I absented myself from the meeting.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
The attendance at the party was larger than had been expected.
The meeting will take place next Monday.
The meeting was canceled because of the typhoon.
The meeting was arranged for next Sunday.
The meeting came to an end at noon.
The meeting took place yesterday.
The meeting was canceled because of the rain.
The meeting was all but over.
How did you enjoy the party?
The meeting finished at nine.
The meeting broke up at five.
The meeting started at ten.
The meeting was well attended.
Prior to the meeting, they had dinner.
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.
You do not really understand a man till you have met him.
It's not until you have met him that you really understand a man.
I wonder if you could find some time to see me.
It was around eight last night when the meeting broke up.
Whenever they meet, they quarrel.
I never see her without wanting to kiss her.
Nice seeing you!
It's been nice meeting you.
I'm glad to see you.
We never meet without parting.
It is nice of you to come and see me.
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
You may bring anyone you want.
It is Tom whom I want to see.
When we were on the brink of starvation, they saved our lives.
The buds are just showing.
Come closer in order that you may see the screen better.
Please advise us, if possible, of a company which has developed image processing software.
Where can I go to buy art books and catalogues?
A painter only becomes a true painter by practicing his craft.
The artist captured the charm of the lady.
A painter's eyes are his most important tools.
I'm not a toothless barking dog.
I can't put up with it.
I'll bite the bullet.
Bite the bullet.
Our company has annual sales of a thousand million yen.
We Japanese live on rice.
We Japanese come of age at twenty.
The two of us don't belong here.
Not all of us can speak English.
We all agree to the new plan.
We consumers must buy more domestic products.
We students all like baseball.
We spent the afternoon fooling around on the beach.
We students are now at our best.
We were all assailed with fears.
He died, so we might live.
We came together to form a group.
We had better do what other people do.
Were you just pulling my leg when you said we were all going to get extra bonuses?
We were cut off while talking on the telephone.
We should hold old people in reverence.
We must provide for old age.
We were worried we might miss the train.
We started early so as not to miss the train.
We are very interested in the history.
We helped each other to overcome the difficulties.
We should cultivate our minds by reading good books.
We should obey our parents.
We had to walk the last leg of the journey.
Can we check the rapid spread of the 'flu?
We rowed up the river against the current.
We entered the room by the back door.
We had to put off the meeting because of the storm.
We were caught in a storm.
We took cover from the thunder shower.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
It is important that we make plans in relation to anticipated changes.
We arrived here in the evening.
We got together for short meeting after dinner.
We carried on the discussion till late at night.
We talked late into the night.
We discussed the problem far into the night.
We advanced under cover of darkness.
We passed through a town at night.
We use computers to solve problems and to put information in order.
We have achieved all our aims.
We planted peanuts instead of cotton.
We'll likely go to the ball game tomorrow.
We will have to get over the feeling of helplessness.
We danced in the subdued lighting.
We carried out our mission successfully.
We chaired the meeting democratically.
We stand for democracy.
We believe in democracy.
We live in a society of democracy.
We were looking for buried treasure.
We heard it from Mr Such and such.
We cannot really predict anything.
We should not resort to violence.
We will not bend to the will of a tyrant.
We are bound to obey the law.
We were attacked by swarms of bees.
We gave our mother a watch.
We derive further pleasure from our study.
We broke up and went our own ways.
We must preserve our peaceful constitution.
We parted, never to see each other again.
We should try to make the conquest of peace.
We are a peace-loving nation.
We are working in the interest of peace.
We tried to project our analysis into the future.
We must be able to discriminate between objects and situations.
We believe in Buddhism.
We sailed against the wind.
We see things differently, according to whether we are rich or poor.
We should help the needy.
We want freedom from poverty.
We should not despise a man because he is poor.
We should check the spread of the disease.
We're banking on you to provide all the money we need.
We smell with our noses.
We are lovers of the beautiful.
We looked down at the beautiful sea.
We went to New York by plane.
We traveled to Mexico by plane.
We furnished the refugees with blankets.
We must keep down expenses.
We extended a hearty welcome to them.
We admire her for her bravery.
We hadn't so much as heard of her name.
We are anxious about her health.
We got her to attend to the patient.
We bound her to secrecy.
We cannot distinguish her from her younger sister.
We can depend on her helping us.
We confirmed her death.
We waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed.
We delegated him to negotiate with them.
We invited him to the dinner party.
We appointed him as our representative.
We argued him into going.
We assume that he is honest.
We number him among our closest friends.
We must help him immediately.
We look up to him as our leader.
We should follow his example.
We elected him to be mayor.
We banished him from the country.
It appears to me that we misunderstand him.
We have lost sight of him.
We tried to cheer him up by taking him out.
We elected him as our Representative.
We looked down on him as a coward.
We look up to him as a good senior.
We must not give way to their demands.
We had to yield to their request.
We thought their shop was a failure, but now they've gotten out from under and even expanded.
We will give them moral support.
We provided them with money and clothes.
We went to court when they refused to pay for the damage.
We were unable to follow his logic.
We have specific proof of your innocence.
We cannot help respecting his courage.
We can rely on his judgement.
We applauded his honesty.
We expect him to succeed.
We accepted his offer.
We opposed his plan to build a new road.
We got into his car and went to the sea.
We were surprised to see his injuries.
We are under his command.
We were shocked at the news of his death.
We regret his death.
We compared his work with hers.
We appreciate his talent.
We cannot help admiring his talent.
We thought much of his first novel.
We were surprised at his conduct.
We were greatly surprised at the news of his sudden death.
We are sorry for his mistake.
We were afraid that we might hurt his feelings.
We cannot speak too highly of his great achievements.
We cannot but wonder at his skill in skiing.
We were all greatly amused by his jokes.
We came to the conclusion that we should help him.
We bound him to secrecy.
We should have told him the truth.
We basked in his favor.
We called upon him for a speech.
We demanded that he explain to us why he was late.
We had no choice but to leave the matter to him.
We expect much of him.
We showed him some pictures of the Alps.
We are expecting him any moment.
We are, in large measure, responsible for students' success in the entrance exam.
We took his success for granted.
We could not but give him up for dead.
We received word of his death.
We expected him to support us.
We expect that he'll help us.
We objected, but she went out anyway.
We admit that he is a man of ability.
We went to the museum.
We walked along an avenue of tall poplars.
We had a gallop over the hill.
We never work on Sunday.
We are enthusiastic Hanshin Tigers fans.
We work on every day of the week except Sunday.
We tend to think that our time is our own only on Sundays and holidays.
We are subject to the Constitution of Japan.
We must maintain the friendly relations between Japan and the U.S.
We should have taken the schedule into consideration.
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.
We work by the day.
We have kept in constant touch for twenty years.
We are entitled to vote at the age of twenty.
We weighed one opinion against the other.
We are confronted with a difficult situation.
We learn to read and write.
We found that we had lost our way.
We hold the same principles.
We gave you credit for more sense than that.
We found the stolen bag in this bush.
We lack an incentive for pursuing the eastern market.
We decided by vote.
We selected the chairman by a vote.
We took a ferry from the island to the mainland.
We met along the way.
We talked on the telephone.
We spent our holiday exploring rural France.
We must have respect for tradition.
We had better utilize our natural resources.
We postponed our picnic pending a change in the weather.
We must try to conserve our natural resources.
We prevailed over our enemy.
We contracted to build a railway.
We crept toward the enemy.
We took the enemy by surprise.
We fired guns at the enemy.
We are faced with the alternatives of resistance or slavery.
We should deal with this matter without delay.
We must die sooner or later.
We eat bread and butter for lunch.
We felt the ground sinking.
We have to respect local customs.
We must think about the community.
We haven't known each other long.
We had to learn to read the word.
None of us are related to the problem.
Every one of us is more or less interested in art.
We were taught that World War II broke out in 1939.
We sang in loud voices.
We roared with laughter.
We came up against massive popular resistance.
We used to compete furiously in college.
We arranged the books according to size.
We arrived at a compromise.
We have no choice but to compromise.
We will explore every planet that goes around the sun.
We watched the sun setting behind the mountains.
We should make the most of solar energy.
We are exploring new sources, such as solar and atomic energy.
We must get over many difficulties.
We build and maintain relationships with others.
We've become a mockery to the whole village.
We are forty three in all.
We looked out the window but saw nothing.
We must sow the seeds of mutual understanding.
We must beef up our organization.
We agreed to start early.
We named my son after my grandfather.
We set to work with might and main.
There are seven of us.
We all knelt down to pray.
We shared the profit among us all.
We're elected.
We have to distinguish right from wrong.
We are entering a new phase in the war.
We are against war.
We had to do without oil during the war.
We will never countenance terrorism.
We were driven to the wall.
We take oil for granted.
We sang songs in chorus.
We need to nourish our spirit.
We work for our living.
We eat to live, not live to eat.
We eat so we can live.
We found him alive.
We must continue to study as long as we live.
We will get to Tokyo Station at noon.
We are to meet at noon.
We studied the government's economic policy.
We argued politics.
We should observe the speed limit.
We are longing for world peace.
We are anxious for world peace.
We should make every effort to maintain world peace.
We beamed the message to the world.
We debated on the question of world population.
We provided the flood victims with food and clothing.
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.
We compare life to a journey.
We shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination.
We cannot stand quiet and watch people starve.
We have just enough to live.
We talked in sign language.
We exchanged phone numbers at the end of the gathering.
We deepened our friendship.
We entered into a serious conversation.
We went due north.
We cleared a path through the woods.
We went astray in the woods.
We are faced with new kinds of diseases.
We began on a new project.
Now that we are established in our new house we shall be glad to receive visitors.
We've got to move very carefully.
We enjoyed ourselves to the fullest.
We live in a three-bedroom house.
We must pay attention to traffic signals.
We went into a shop to get some food.
We must always try to serve others.
We should always be careful of what we do.
We must always do our best.
We must always be prepared for disasters.
We must always be prepared for the worst.
We are always aiming at improving the quality of service.
We heard a cry from above.
We have to stand up for minority rights.
We headed for the mountain cottage.
We discussed our future plan.
We have to look the future straight in the eye and prepare to get through the coming crisis.
We must provide for the future.
We had to start our business from zero.
We are firmly confident of victory.
They gained a victory.
We ought to win.
We said we should win.
We laid the injured man on the grass.
We failed due to a lack of preparation.
You may rest assured that we shall do all we can.
We should strike a balance between our expenditure and income.
There is nothing for it but to put off our departure.
In the fall we harvest our summer crops.
We negotiated with the president about our working hours.
We looked about us.
We're eating up a lot of time writing letters by hand.
We can dispose the car.
We agreed to refrain from smoking while we are at work.
We must work hard to break down social barriers.
We have to put right what we have done wrong.
We stand for liberty.
It is important that we should do our duty.
We are to preserve nature.
We cannot subdue nature.
We have to transmit our culture to the next generation.
We've fixed on starting next Sunday.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
We must keep up with the times.
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun.
We are apt to waste time.
We value punctuality.
We regard the situation as serious.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
We must make a close analysis of the causes of the accident.
We have to get at the truth of the matter.
We have limited resources.
We abandoned the project because of a lack of funds.
We've run short of money.
We enjoyed watching the game.
We must abide by the rules of the game.
We should do away with the death penalty.
We explored all possible ways of cutting expenditures.
We usually met at a certain place in the city.
We left early so that we can catch the first train.
We returned to Honolulu on April 2.
We were forced to work hard.
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.
We crawled like so many ants along the mountain pass.
We stood on the top of the mountain.
We climbed up the stream in the mountain.
We were filled with anger against the murderer.
We skied down the slope.
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.
We can count on him for financial help.
We were financially troubled, in short, we were bankrupt.
We must do our job as best as we can.
We did our best only to fail.
We arrived first.
We left the final decision to him.
We have not kept pace with the latest research.
We think we are over the worst.
We were greatly relieved to find that the worst dangers were over.
We must not go to war again.
We are engaged in a difficult task.
We found the footprints in the sand.
We've been matched up with some strong teams this year.
We'll go for a drive next Sunday.
We are suffering from a severe water shortage this summer.
We are in the era of atomic energy.
We're in no danger now.
We need more workers.
Even now, we still doubt that he is the real murderer.
We were crushed into the crowded train.
We toiled up a hill.
We traveled around the country by car.
We searched the woods for the missing child.
We are constrained to and restrained from an action.
We have the alternative of going or staying.
We didn't want to go, but we had to.
We began to sail in the direction of the port.
We prepared for an attack.
We stood face to face.
We consider it the citizens' legitimate right to have public libraries.
We walked as far as the park.
We sat on a bench in the park.
We must observe the traffic regulations.
We got involved in a traffic accident.
We were deprived of transportation.
We took turns with the driving.
We took turns driving the car.
We bargained that we should go on a five-day week.
We left a margin for error in our estimates.
We made a bargain that we wouldn't forsake each other.
We will reap rich rewards later on in life.
We need to communicate with each other.
We knocked at the door for five minutes, but in vain.
We made camp near the lake.
We stood at the door to welcome our guests.
We discovered relics of an ancient civilization.
We had a rough crossing on an old ferry.
We express thought with language.
We need action, not words.
We communicate by means of language.
We found the front door locked.
We import raw materials and export the finished products.
We have to reduce the cost to a minimum.
We deal in silk goods.
We elaborated on our study plan.
We can have dogs, cats, birds, and so on.
We made arrangements to meet at 6 p.m. on Monday.
We should not be influenced in our decisions by our prejudices.
We must control our passions.
We will never agree.
We will never give in to terrorist demands.
We fought a hard battle.
We had to abandon our plan.
Your help is vital to the success of our plan.
We were disappointed because we could not carry out our plan.
We learn by experience.
We cannot exclude feeling from our experience.
We hope to come to an accord with them about arms reduction.
The President says we must beef up our military forces.
We lost sight of her in the crowd.
We have a good opinion of your invention.
We had a good opinion of your son.
We are attracted by what you are.
We are looking forward to hearing from you.
We can get along very well without you.
We take air and water for granted.
We got an interesting piece of information.
We are bored with the joke of professorial custom.
We have to bring our teaching methods up to date.
We have a lot of sympathies in common.
We must prevail against our rivals by all means.
We went as far as Kyoto.
We eat fish raw.
There is no need for us to hurry.
We spent the major part of our holidays in the country.
We hoped to have done with the work before the holidays.
We must hand down our craft to posterity.
We set out on our journey full of hope.
We are trying to keep the wolf from the door.
We have to cope with hosts of difficulties.
Our views are in agreement with theirs as to the essential points.
We must be alert to dangers.
We are free from danger.
We're booked for the whole month on Broadway.
We escaped death by a hair's breadth.
We are influenced by our environment.
We are influenced both by environment and by heredity.
We were moved to tears.
We are all but ready for the cold winter.
We made a promise to meet at school.
We turned left at the corner and drove north.
We turned a corner and drove north.
We went early to make certain that we could get seats.
We definitely heard that sound.
We had to obey the foreign law.
All of us want prices to decline.
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
We were all rather exhausted.
We must all take care to preserve our national heritage.
All of us devoted ourselves to the development of our country.
We were all amused with the comedy.
We all suffer from it to some degree.
We all worked at the company by the hour.
We all share the heartfelt wish that he and all the others will pass the admission examination.
We all pondered over what had taken place.
We face competition from foreign suppliers.
We are comfortably established in our new home.
We gained admittance to the meeting.
We should stick to our plan.
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
We live in the age of technology.
We grew up within our family circle.
We felt the house shake.
We have come to an arrangement with the dealer about the price.
We ordered some new books from England.
We kept on working for hours without eating anything.
We should act so as to solve the problem.
We must prevent a war by all possible means.
We live in a cozy little house in a side street.
We danced to the music.
We must rescue the environment from pollution.
We didn't help him, so he did it off his own bat.
We had the luck to win the battle.
We set out when the rain had eased.
We eat a meal three times a day.
We have three meals a day.
We painted the house once, then we went over it again.
We are facing a violent crisis.
Ever since we've been wearing clothes, we haven't known one another.
We hit the right road in the dark.
We must feel our way carefully in the dark.
We were completely victorious.
We must instill patriotism into the young people of today.
We went by bus as far as London.
We are familiar with the legend of Robin Hood.
We went together to Laramie, and there we parted.
We often eat fish raw.
We enjoyed our travels in Europe.
Circumstances forced us to put off the meeting.
We were compelled to put off our departure.
We are all eager for him to win the Nobel prize.
We cannot follow your plan any longer.
We fought for everyone.
We all had such a good time.
We lifted the table with our combined strength.
We are all in daily pursuit of happiness.
We were all shouting at the same time.
We are all in agreement.
We all desire success.
We all went in search of gold.
We are all impatient for our holiday.
We all suspect him of murder.
We have to save for a rainy day.
We won hands down, because the other players were weak.
We waited with a faint expectation.
We never repent having eaten too little.
It behooves us to do our best.
We walked more quickly than usual.
We saw another ship far ahead.
We flew to Paris, where we stayed a week.
We almost broke our necks trying to meet the quota.
We came upon them in New York.
We killed time by playing cards.
We have to call on him tomorrow at any rate.
We are getting on first-rate.
We must know about it.
We will get through the jungle somehow.
We gained the top of Mt. Fuji at last.
We had a rough time.
We enjoyed playing tennis.
We finally decided to give him over to the police.
We came to an agreement in the end.
We were able to settle the matter finally.
We have to do a great deal of reading.
We overwhelmed the many enemies.
We are inclined to think that most dogs bite.
We associate Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We didn't go very far.
There was nothing for it but to tolerate it.
We looked for it here and there.
We depended on the newspapers for information about it.
We shared the benefit together.
We put up at a lakeside hotel for the night.
We fought for our lives in the storm.
We bedded down at the roadside park for the night.
We investigated the matter from all angles.
We will discuss the problem with them.
We debated the problem.
We must look at the problem from a global point of view.
We have discussed the problem several times but to no avail.
We discussed the matter at large.
We have to bring the matter to a close.
We should try to look at the wider problem.
We beat about for a solution to the problem.
We discussed the problem.
We discussed the matter.
We bought the goods at $3 a dozen.
We will crop the field with cotton this year.
We would play baseball after school in those days.
We captured the thief.
Let's ally ourselves to that group.
We are liable for the damage.
We marveled at the little boy's eloquence.
We saw the lady carried away to the hospital.
We supply parts to the auto manufacturer.
We were not prepared for the assault.
We didn't actually see the accident.
We went on talking about the matter.
We actually saw the accident.
We took a turn around the city in our car.
We lost on that job.
We were watching the child at play.
We had native guides on our trip to the mountain.
We climbed up the mountain, but with difficulty.
We have established friendly relations with the new government of that country.
We voted for the candidate.
We stayed at a hotel by the lake.
We camped on the border of the lake.
We fail to grasp the meaning of the word.
We found a secret passage into the building.
We found a secret door into the building.
We balloted for the resolution.
We must carry out that plan.
We talked over the plan with him.
We voted against the bill.
We obeyed the rules.
We were talking to each other all the time.
We gave the performer a clap.
We saw the film and had dinner together.
We confirmed the hotel reservations by telephone.
The whole building has been put at our disposal.
We were surprised at the news.
We must look into the matter at once.
We made him go there.
We began to see what we can deduce from it.
We gathered all the books together and put them in the spare room.
We have to abolish all nuclear weapons, because they are deadly to mankind.
We got all the materials together.
We have left undone what we ought to have done.
We have come a long way.
We have to start at once.
We received an immediate answer to our letter.
After much debate, we decided to spend our holidays in Spain.
We elected Mr Jordan chairperson.
We chopped our way through the jungle.
We sat up half the night just talking.
We spoke to no purpose.
We pressed on, regardless.
We talked over Jack's plan to put in air conditioning, but could not come to a decision.
We talked to each other for a while.
We often associate black with death.
We often fail to realize the extent to which we depend on others.
We were landed on a lonely island.
We must think about these plans in terms of what they would cost.
We've gotten into this fixed pattern.
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.
We've come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
We should face up to this issue.
We should approach this problem from different angles.
We are in agreement on this subject.
We have to somehow come through this troublesome situation.
We refer to this city as Little Kyoto.
We made fun of him about this.
We mustn't make too much of this incident.
We are solidly behind you.
We must get over this difficulty.
We've been living here since July.
We made Mr Grey chairman of the committee.
We studied Greek culture from various aspects.
We ascribe his success to hard work.
We had been rival lovers at one time.
We communicated with each other by gesture.
We bought a pound of tea.
We partook in each other's joy.
We agreed among ourselves.
We use gestures as well as words to communicate with others.
We kept track of all our expenses while we were in Australia.
We received a large parcel.
We went up and down by elevator.
We mustn't waste our energy resources.
We must reduce energy demand.
We spoke about many subjects.
We can communicate with each other in many ways.
We talked of many things.
We should always keep our promise.
We should always act in obedience to the law.
We must always stand up for our rights.
We are always exposed to some kind of danger.
We had an early lunch and set out at 12:30.
We started all at once.
We will someday make the world a better place.
We shall all die some day.
We will run short of oil some day.
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy.
We must achieve our aim at any price.
We have every advantage over them.
We must go forward getting the better of all obstacles.
We should keep every school open and every teacher in his job.
We tried to eliminate all danger beforehand.
We were nearly frozen to death.
Are we making a nonstop flight to the U.S.?
We ran down the hill.
We should deny our children things too sweet.
We are in a fierce competition with that company.
We made the best of that bad situation.
We cannot meet your needs.
We are looking to you for help.
How lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you!
We expect you to carry out what you have once promised.
We were running to and fro.
We looked for it high and low.
We will fight to the last.
We have made up our minds to fight it out.
We have breakfast at seven.
We got to the station at six.
We have enjoyed peace for more than forty years.
We have enjoyed peace for more than 40 years.
We arrived at an agreement after two hours' discussion.
We retire at eleven o'clock.
We should look after our parents.
Can we create something out of nothing?
We regard him as a great man.
We asked several questions of him.
In everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities.
We arrived on the island two days later.
We work by day, and rest by night.
We will not tolerate anyone who engages in terrorism.
We have a plentiful supply of water.
We know that just being born with a good mind is not enough.
Newspapers, magazines, and newscasts tell what is going on in the world.
We have to play fair, whether we win or lose.
We must make do with what we have got.
It is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
More than ever do we need goals or leading ideas that will give purpose to whatever we are doing.
All we have to do is to try our best.
We took a rest one after the other.
We ran all the way to the station.
We'll finish the work even if it takes us all day.
We insist that this project be carried out immediately.
We have a substantial stake in the venture.
Our train went at 200 kilometers an hour.
We are cruising at an altitude of 39,000 feet.
The purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory.
Our trip was unattended by adventures.
The time has come for us to stand up.
Our interests conflict with theirs.
Our interests seem to conflict with each other.
Our interests clash with theirs.
We cannot make a change in our schedule.
Let's drink a toast to our friends!
Our friendship did not last.
Our friendship remained firm.
Our baseball diamond is very small.
Our problem is how to get in touch with him.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.
Cars are running one after another before our eyes.
We have the edge on them.
Our insurance policy covers various kinds of damages.
Our flight was canceled.
In our culture, we can't be married to two women at once.
In our culture, a man is allowed to be married to only one wife at a time.
Our total debts amount to ten thousand dollars.
Our plane took off exactly on time at six.
I have a strong conviction that our judgement was right.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
All our things were turned upside down.
Our ownership in the company is 60%.
Even our brains are all subject to the laws of physics.
Our efforts did not result in success.
All our effort ended in failure.
All our efforts were in vain.
The question before us is an urgent one.
Our city sits on an active fault.
There are none of us who do not respect his honesty.
We have a traitor among us.
Insofar as we know, he is guilty.
Our representative argued against the new tax plan.
Our mutual understanding is indispensable.
Only a handful of activists are articulate in our union.
Our class consists of fifty boys.
We have many difficulties before us.
Our boat drifted to shore on the tide.
Our advance was checked.
Our boat followed a school of fish.
Our boat approached the small island.
Our ancestors knew how to read the stars.
Our teacher is at once stern and kindly.
Our teacher is stern to us.
Our lives are determined by our environment.
Our arrival at Narita was delayed by an hour.
Our success depends on whether he helps us or not.
Our success was due in part to good luck.
Our success depends upon whether you will help us or not.
Our character is affected by the environment.
Our world is only one small part of the universe.
Are there other universes outside our own?
We are not hypocrites in our sleep.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Our new school building is under construction.
Our new head office is in Tokyo.
Our new English teacher is fresh from college.
Our supply of food is exhausted.
No one can find fault with our new plan.
Our food supplies will last till April.
The outlook for our business isn't good.
Our victory is secure.
We seemed secure of victory.
The ice will crack beneath our weight.
Our income is small, but we get by.
We had five dollars left between us.
Our debt is more than we can pay.
Our car was fast and soon got ahead of the other cars.
Our public leaders are imaginative and often come up with new ideas.
Our experiment went wrong last week.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was unreliable.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was inaccurate.
The reasons for our failure are as follows.
Let's synchronize our watches.
Ours is a mechanical age.
Our attempt has proved to be a failure.
I have a high regard for the integrity of our mayor.
Our city has one third as many people as Tokyo.
Our work is almost over.
The success of our business depends on the weather.
Our top priority is to settle this dispute once and for all, so we are ready to meet them halfway.
After our first attack, the enemy fled.
Our country borders on several countries.
Winter sports are very popular in our country.
Our factories are working at full capacity.
Our factory needs a lot of machinery.
Our negotiations broke off.
Far from being a failure, our negotiation was a great success.
I will help you for the sake of our old friendship.
Our calculations show that the rocket is off its course.
We must adapt our plan to these new circumstances.
Our project collapsed.
Our plans are taking shape.
Our plan was fully realized.
Our plans are not yet concrete.
Our plans are to advance toward the city.
The problem with our plan is not so much the cost as it is the time required.
There has been an alteration in our plans.
Our plan has lots of advantages.
Our plan has many additional advantages.
Completely surrounded by our troops, the enemy finally surrendered to us.
It's you who has broken our agreement.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
Our holiday plans are still in the air.
The very air we breathe is polluted with smog from the factory chimneys.
It's clear that our arguments don't overlap at all.
Our interest converges on that point.
Relations between us seem to be on the ebb.
From our point of view, his proposal is reasonable.
Our school is very close to the park.
Our school prohibits us from going to the movies alone.
We will adopt your method at our school.
Our diplomacy and strategy ran in clear contradiction to each other.
In our interpretation, the output data in Table 2 is an acceptable variation of that in Table 1.
Our company needs someone who is at home in advanced technology.
Our company failed to survive against cutthroat competition.
Our company makes use of the Internet.
It took quite a while to sort out all our luggage.
Our earnings are in proportion to our real ability.
Compared to our house, his is a palace.
It is very hard to get rid of cockroaches from our house.
Our yacht club has ten members.
Our meeting rarely starts on time.
Since neither one of us could afford to take the other to the movies, we went Dutch.
Our country's climate is temperate.
Our team is winning.
Our team were wearing red shirts.
Our team competed with a powerful rival.
Our team won the game.
Our team is five points ahead.
We won the game by three goals to one.
Our team can easily beat your team in the first game.
It was apparent to everybody that our team was stronger.
Our team is gaining ground.
Our team has the game on ice.
Our team is two points ahead.
Our staff is eager to help you.
Our soccer team beat all the other teams in the town.
Initially we had some problems with our computer system, but they've been sorted out now.
We are not short of oil in this country.
Our club is affiliated with an international organization.
Our class has increased in size.
More than one student studies French in our class.
No other boy in our class is more studious than Jack.
When our class performed a play, I took charge of stage effects.
Our bodies respond to our feelings.
All our efforts were without result.
Give us the tools, and we will finish the job.
Some members agree with us, some don't, and others haven't expressed their opinions.
Famine stared us in the face.
All we need now is action, not discussion.
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.
We have a rich historical heritage.
We need some formal instruction in literature.
We had no alternative but to fight.
We have the alternative of death and submission.
Nothing bars our way.
We had an implicit agreement that we would support each other.
We had a slight difference of opinion.
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
Stay here with us.
Let us do the work.
We Germans fear God, but nothing else in the world.
We're getting nowhere with those problems.
Our departure tomorrow is contingent on fair weather.
To our great surprise, she held her breath for three minutes.
It is difficult for us to persuade him.
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.
The church we went past crumbled five minutes afterwards due to a huge earthquake and more than a 100 churchgoers were buried alive.
It is good for us to understand other cultures.
It will be little more than a hundred years before we use all the oil up.
We were having a quiet supper when out of the blue my mother announced she was going back to school.
Heat and light are necessary for our existence.
It is up to you whether we can succeed or not.
We have only a slender chance of success.
We know the truth, not only by reason, but also at heart.
I hope the weather clears up before we have to leave.
Our meeting was just an accident.
It was just an accident that we met.
If we hang tight, I'm sure we can make it through these bad times.
We may well take pride in our old temples.
What if we should fail?
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.
We naturally got excited.
Our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station.
The day will soon come when we will conquer space and travel to the moon.
We are the first to arrive.
Let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy.
To our great disappointment, the game was called off.
It will be very important whether we win the battle or not.
We found it impossible for us to cross the river.
We actually didn't see the accident.
There's no need for us to argue about this.
It takes us thirty minutes to walk from here to the station.
It is not important whether we win the game or not.
It is important whether we win the game or not.
To our disappointment, our team lost the game.
We own a few hundred acres between the three of us.
I'm the witchfinder general.
Our travel advice center caters to the independent traveler.
My name is Hopkins.
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
Our party finally had a candidate we could put forward with pride.
Our company is going to be left behind too if we don't create an environment in which we can get instant Internet access.
Our company had the fortieth anniversary of its foundation.
We export various kinds of computers all over the globe.
This is an extremely well run company.
Our company decided on flat rate pricing.
Our company has a long, long history.
We do business with that company.
We're thoroughly prepared for the millennium bug.
The future of our company is at stake. We have been heavily in the red for the last couple of years.
Our company's base is in Tokyo.
Our sales campaign is successful in a big way.
This new product of ours is a serious blow to our rival company.
Skim through this pamphlet before you take the examination for our company.
Our company's agent in Rio will meet you at the airport.
Our company has many clients from abroad.
Our showroom made a hit with young ladies.
You have, no doubt, heard of our company.
Parents who beat their children really make my blood boil.
Our country must develop its natural resources.
We have to defend our country from the foreign aggression.
We must promote commerce with neighboring countries.
We import coffee from Brazil.
The youth of our country is indifferent to politics.
Our trading companies do business all over the world.
The pollution of our coasts is very serious.
Our school adopted his teaching methods.
Our school has adopted a new teaching method.
Our army broke through the enemy defenses.
Our troops were constantly harassed by the guerrillas.
There is no man but loves his home.
Our army took the kingdom by surprise.
There is nothing like home.
Our house is conveniently located.
My house needs major repairs.
The house isn't huge and it's on about two-thirds of an acre, and when we first bought it I spent several hours every week getting the lawnmower fixed and cutting the lawn, in that order.
We are expecting an addition to our family.
There is a kitchen garden behind my house.
My garden is filled with sweet-smelling blooms.
There is a small garden in front of my house.
Our family budget is in the red.
If only we had a garden!
At home we subscribe to the Asahi Shimbun.
My wife holds the purse strings in our family.
We substitute margarine for butter.
We decorated the Christmas tree with lights.
We keep a collie as a pet.
Our team came home in triumph.
Our team lost all its games.
Our team lost the first game.
Our team beat the Lions 3 to 0.
We are happy to have you join our team.
We are excited about having you on our team.
Tom bats cleanup on our team.
Can you account for why our team lost?
We welcome those who want to join our club.
The mere sight of a snake makes her sick.
A swarm of mosquitoes followed him.
I got a lot of mosquito bites.
Don't scratch your mosquito bite. It'll get inflamed.
They say that he hates to study.
A mosquito just bit me.
What with overwork and poor meals, she fell ill.
What with overwork and lack of nourishment, he became very ill.
What with fatigue and lack of sleep, he has fallen ill at last.
What with overwork and lack of sleep, she has lost her health.
Fatigue is the natural result of overwork.
His health has broken down because of overwork.
Her eyes have sunk through overwork.
The strain has begun to tell on his health.
Excessive indulgence spoiled the child.
The word 'excessive competition' is frequently used in Japanese industry, but there is not a precise definition of the practice.
Eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease.
Excessive supply leads to a drop in prices.
Too much exercise does more harm than good.
The doctor advised me to leave off jogging because it was excessive exercise.
Too much drinking may be hazardous to your health.
I feel terrible about my mistake.
We have experienced many changes over the last decade.
In a past-oriented society, people dwell on the past and on tradition.
We can record the past and present.
It is considered impossible to travel back to the past.
We can know the past, but the future we can only feel.
Don't dwell on your past mistakes!
Don't dwell on your past failures.
Don't grieve about your past errors.
My past indiscretions are coming back to haunt me.
Stop clinging to your glory days, or you'll be left behind.
Don't worry about the past.
One day I strolled into the woods.
Have you ever had any serious illness?
In the past, Fletcher Fuel was approached by Japanese companies.
You must live in the present, not in the past.
Women had little choice in the past.
In the past, the old used to be looked upon as experts in solving various problems of life.
Our policy is to build for the future, not the past.
I couldn't run from the past.
Although CFIT accounted for just over a third of crashes in the past six years, it caused 53% of the deaths.
We haven't had a price increase in the last five years.
Prices have risen by 50 percent during the past ten years.
It's never too late to make amends.
He who makes no mistakes makes nothing.
In days gone by, things were different.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
Never too much of anything.
Don't look back on your past.
Too much water drowned the miller.
Money circulates through the banking system.
It is without justification that money has been called one of the greatest inventions of man.
After some freight cars were derailed, services were suspended on the Chuo Line.
The section chief made me work like a slave.
I heard the manager's wife is on vacation. And, well, when the cat's away, the mice play. Now he's out partying every night.
As soon as our manager got off our backs, everything started to go off without a hitch.
The scores are low because the task is cognitively demanding.
Opinions are divided on the issue of taxes.
Do you have anything to declare?
It is often said that sweets are bad for your teeth.
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.
Could I check my bags?
I hope this makes it through baggage inspection.
Would you keep this baggage, please?
Make room for the baggage.
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?
May I leave my belongings on the bus?
I'd like to put my belongings away.
You don't have to carry your baggage.
Could you carry my bags for me?
Please put your baggage on this scale.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Has the shipment arrived yet?
Send your baggage in advance.
The load was too heavy for a driver to carry alone.
How many bags do you have?
Where should I put my baggage?
Where can I get my baggage?
I have three pieces of baggage.
Will you look after my baggage?
Attach this label to your package.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
There is nothing left to do aside from packing.
The label is attached to the trunk.
Have you finished packing yet?
Company A is trying to play us off against Company B in a severe price-war.
I have an allergy to pollen.
Hold the vase in both hands.
I filled a vase with water.
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase.
The vase burst into fragments.
The vase fell to the floor and shattered.
The vase fell from the table and crashed to pieces.
The flowers in the vase are roses.
How many flowers are there in the vase?
I see a rare flower in the vase.
There are some beautiful roses in the vase.
The vase was broken to pieces.
The vase crashed to pieces.
The roses in the garden smell sweet.
The tulips are in bloom in the flower bed.
Hanako called his bluff.
Hanako made the final payment on her car, and felt very satisfied.
It was clear that Hanako did not wish to marry Taro.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
Hanako is set on going to Paris.
Hanako likes cake very much.
Hanako grew taller than her mother.
Hanako seems quiet, but she also get things done when it's necessary.
Hanako has attended an American college for four years.
Hanako came all the way from Hokkaido in order to see her father.
Hanako turned out to be a surprisingly nice person.
I can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees.
A wreath was bound around his head.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
Blossoms have come out on the embankment.
They set off fireworks with a great bang.
The fireworks were set off on all sides.
She was all the more beautiful dressed in her wedding costume.
The bride came into the room with lowered eyes and with everyone staring at her.
The bride came into the room, with everyone staring at her.
The bride looked very beautiful.
The bride's father showed up late for the wedding ceremony.
All at once the bride burst into laughter.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The flower shop is opposite the park.
The flower shop is just across the street.
Happy are those who love flowers.
A loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds.
Flowers and trees need clean air and fresh water.
The vase broke into fragments.
Put some water into the vase.
The petals are floating on the water.
The blossoms expand under the influence of the weather.
The flowers give off a very pleasant scent.
Flowers soon fade when they have been cut.
The flowers were dying without water.
The flowers died for lack of water.
Flowers bloom.
The flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green.
The flowers are at their best now.
The flowers revived after the rain.
The flowers are already out of bloom.
Flowers attract bees.
The flowers are still in bud.
Blossoms develop from buds.
Flowers are always acceptable.
They awarded her first prize at the flower show.
I've finished watering the flowers.
Many weeds were growing among the flowers.
They are dancing, intoxicated with the beauty of cherry blossoms.
I needn't have watered the flowers. Just after I finished, it started raining.
I need not have watered the flowers. Just after I finished, it stared raining.
We must water the flower.
Don't touch the flowers.
The flowers brightened the room.
The flowers are opening.
The flower is crying out for water.
The flower will come out soon.
The flowers withered up.
No poverty can catch up with industry.
Poverty is a stranger to industry.
When an ill wind blows it does good to no one.
You might as well wait until Tuesday.
I'll expect to hear from you by Tuesday.
I will have finished my homework by Tuesday.
Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Are you free on Tuesday?
The phone number for the Thursday evening phone conference is 415-904-8873.
The plan announced Tuesday calls for $54 billion in tax cuts.
The Diet will meet on Tuesday.
Allan works on Tuesday and Friday nights at the Konbini.
It has been raining since Tuesday.
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.
Gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully.
It won't be long before we can travel to Mars.
Mars is all the more interesting for its close resemblance to our Earth.
Mars resembles our planet in some ways.
Mars is a promising place where we may be able to live.
There is no sign of life on Mars.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
Is there any life on Mars?
He contends that primitive life once existed on Mars.
A burnt child fears the fire.
A big crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.
Their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police.
It was not easy to put out the fire at once.
The fire started in the bathhouse.
It transpired that fire was caused by a careless smoker.
The fire went on for some time before it was brought under control.
Fire cannot be prevented by half measures.
The fire was put out before it got serious.
The fire broke out toward midnight.
The fire was put out at the cost of a fireman's life.
The fire was extinguished at once.
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
A fire broke out on the first floor.
A fire broke out on the fifth floor.
A fire may happen at any moment.
The fire took 13 lives.
In case of fire, ring the bell.
Break this glass in case of fire.
In case of fire, dial 119.
In case of fire, press this button.
In case of fire, you should dial 119.
In case of a fire, use this emergency stairway.
In case of a fire, use the steps.
Please use this exit when there is a fire.
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.
In the case of fire, dial 119.
The cause of the fire is not known.
The cause of the fire was his cigarette butt.
There is not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
The cause of the fire was known.
In case of fire, telephone the fire station.
In case of fire, break this window.
I lost my shoe in the fire.
When the fire broke out, he was dead asleep.
Half of the town burnt down in the fire.
The fire deprived us of our property.
The fire consumed the whole building.
The fire caused a panic in the theater.
Four families were killed in the fire.
Fire! Run!
Always keep a bucket of water handy, in case of fire.
The family had been sleeping for about two hours when the fire broke out.
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.
I awoke with a start because of the fire.
The surface of the earth rose due to the volcanic activity.
The volcano shoots out flames and lava.
Famine followed upon the eruption of the volcano.
The volcanic eruption threatened the village.
The volcano has become active again.
The volcano is belching out flames and smoke.
The fire alarm sounded.
The fire alarm rang.
What is the cause of the fire?
In case of fire, call 119.
Insure your house against fire.
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire.
The company faced a major interruption in business when a fire destroyed their archive of computer hard drives and optical discs.
Twenty people perished in the blaze.
The origin of the fire is unknown.
Keep the fire alive.
Give me a light, would you?
Put out the fire.
Don't forget to put out the fire.
It was as clear as day that Shinji would die from hunger.
Never forget to put out the fire.
Fire is very dangerous.
The fire spread out in a fan-shape.
Fire burns.
The fire started in the kitchen.
The fire burned brightly, giving forth a comforting warmth.
The fire was burning brightly.
Fire is always dangerous.
The fire had spread to the next building before the firemen came.
The fire went out.
The fire went out by itself.
Fanned by the strong wind, the flames spread in all directions.
The fire spread throughout the house.
The fire burned up brightly.
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out.
I burned my forefinger on fire tongs.
A fire can spread faster than you can run.
Guard against the danger of fire.
Making use of fire may be regarded as man's greatest invention.
Her cheeks were tinged with red by the warmth of fire.
It's dangerous to play around the fire.
No one can deny the fact that there is no smoke without fire.
There is no smoke without fire.
It only adds fuel to the fire.
I warmed myself at the fire.
Keep away from the fire.
Stay away from the fire.
Be on your guard against fire.
We sat over a fire.
Oxygen is needed for combustion.
Warm yourself while the fire burns.
No one can deny the fact that fire burns.
The fire has gone out and this room is cold.
Please keep the fire from going out.
The fire is out.
The fire is going out; will you add some wood?
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
The fire spread and licked the neighboring house.
The fire is burning furiously.
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.
There is no rose without a thorn.
The best swimmers are oftenest drowned.
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.
The basin of a river usually has rich farmland.
The mere idea of swimming across the river made me tremble.
In Kabuki not only talent but also heredity counts.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
Do you know kabuki?
A bad cold caused the singer to lose his voice.
Everyone called out to the singer for an encore.
As singers go, she is among the best in the country.
The girl who I thought was a singer proved to be a different person.
The singers sang together in order to raise money to help people with AIDS.
The crowd cheered the singer's entrance.
He makes his living by singing.
The boy singing a song is my brother.
Let us sing a song.
She knew a lot of songs, too.
As we were singing songs, we climbed to the top.
Hum baby to sleep.
Let's sing and dance.
Singing is her strong point.
A poor singer, he doesn't like to sing in public.
I wish I were a good singer.
Do you like singing?
Everything comes to those who wait.
Would you like some fruit?
Please help yourself to some fruit.
Please help yourself to the fruit.
Won't you have some fruit?
Fruits decay in the sun.
Fruits tend to decay soon.
There is an abundance.
I prefer apples to all the other fruits.
You seem to like fruit.
The fruits are dried in the sun.
Fruits have seeds in them.
Few flowers develop into fruit.
Fruit trees require a large amount of space in which to grow.
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
Let's play some video games to kill time.
The more leisure he has, the happier he is.
You may go at your leisure.
Read this book at your leisure.
If you are free, come around to see me.
Don't you have anything better to do?
What do you do in your free time?
Come and see me whenever you are free.
I'm free.
Do this at your leisure.
You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you are free or busy.
Being free, she went out for a walk.
Scientific knowledge has greatly advanced since the 16th century.
With every increase of scientific knowledge, man's power for evil is increased in the same proportion as his power for good.
Scientific truth is a creation of the human mind.
Scientific research is not a mechanical routine, but a continuing struggle on the part of the scientist.
This theory was founded on a scientific basis.
Scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place.
Reading science fiction sometimes does much to encourage a scientific view of the universe.
Scientists seem to have known the truth.
Scientists have been discovering new drugs, so there is always hope for the unconscious person.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
Scientists deal mainly with physical matters.
Scientists have come up with many explanations for why the sky is blue.
The scientist maintained that the theory should be tested through experiments.
The scientist insisted on proceeding with the research.
A scientist had to know how to ask the correct question and to state it so clearly that the answer would be, in effect, a definite yes or no, not "maybe".
Some scientists predict that the world oil reserves will be used up within a century.
According to scientists, the atmosphere is getting warmer year after year.
Scientists say many factors bring about changes in weather.
I am determined to be a scientist.
Scientists will come up with new methods of increasing the world's food supply.
Scientists regard the discovery as important.
Scientists began to find answers to these questions.
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.
Scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the AIDS virus.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
As scientists keep insisting, there is neither good nor bad in any scientific discovery.
Technology is in itself meaningless unless it serves mankind.
Technology has failed to ease the conflict between man and nature.
Science and technology have come to pervade every aspect of our lives and, as a result, society is changing at a speed which is quite unprecedented.
Technology has differentiated our cultures.
Technology has given us immense power.
Some people argue that technology has negative effects.
A revolution has occurred in technology.
A great revolution has taken place in technology.
I don't think that technology provides us with everything we need.
Science can be dangerous when applied carelessly.
Science is based on very careful observations.
Science has made remarkable progress.
Science is based on careful observation.
Science is far more than a collection of facts and methods.
Science brought about many changes in our lives.
Science has brought about many changes in our lives.
Science has made rapid progress in this century.
I do not like science.
Science rests upon observation.
Science is a good thing, but it is not an end in itself; it is a means toward an end and that end is human betterment.
Science is the way to prepare for the 21st century.
The aim of science is, as has often been said, to foresee, not to understand.
The primary aim of science is to find truth, new truth.
Advances in science don't always benefit humanity.
Advance in science is continuous.
Progress in science was often barred by convention.
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives.
In science class, we drew pictures of cells.
Science and art must contribute to the promotion of human welfare.
Science as such is not interested in the value or worth of things.
Science does not solve all the problems of life.
Science has not solved all the problems of life.
If science makes progress, we'll be able to solve such problems.
As science makes progress, old ways give place to new.
Chemistry gave us plastics.
When science was less important than it is now, it was all very well to leave science to the scientists.
Science produced the atomic bomb.
Science builds our lifestyle.
My uncle's brother's son got involved in a shady business and disgraced the family.
Sleep and wait for good luck.
A canal flowed between two rows of houses.
My wife will be glad to see you, too.
My wife is preparing dinner right now.
My wife often rings me up, while she travels abroad.
My wife is partial to apple pie.
I'm sick of listening to her complaints.
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.
There is no place like home.
You'll find domestic articles on the third floor.
Home life was being screened from foreign eyes.
My tutor scolded me for my stupid behavior.
The spirit of patriotism has its source in the love of the family.
I have peace at home.
Are you happy in your house?
A lot of problems derive from a lack of reading in the home.
We tend to use more and more electric appliances in the home.
Unable to pay the rent, I asked him for assistance.
The rent is due tomorrow.
How much is the rent per month?
How much is the monthly rate?
Our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago.
You're a month behind with your rent.
Regarding the matter of house-rent, I have come to terms with him.
The dog had the liberty of the entire house.
I rear cattle.
The cattle starved to death.
Their cattle are all fat.
The whole house was ill in bed.
All the family set off on the trip.
It made my mother's day when all the family gathered and had a party.
His whole family is like that. They're like peas in a pod.
All my family is very well.
His whole family is like that.
Supporting his family was a great burden for him.
He has to work hard so as to support his family.
May I bring my family along?
All the family got out of the car.
We're practically family.
My family are all well.
A family is the smallest unit of society.
The family is the most important unit in society.
The family is the basic unit of society.
The family were all out reaping the corn.
The family assimilated quickly into their new environment.
We are a family of four.
Family members should not compete against each other.
May I take a few days off to visit my family?
How is your family?
Please give my best to the entire family.
He was happy in the bosom of his family.
The members of the family nursed the patient by turns.
May you and your family be happy.
I feel homesick when I remember my family.
I'd like to call my family.
May I ask about your family?
They have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies.
My family will be away for a week.
I've always wanted to go to Australia with my family.
I had a hand in the family deciding to move to New York.
It's great to have a family.
If it were not for my family, I would give up this job.
The landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent.
The landlord won't permit him to paint the door red.
The landlord told me a cock and bull story about why we didn't have heat for three days.
If we pay the rent to the landlady, we won't have any money for food; we are between the devil and the deep blue sea.
More and more married couples share household chores.
I had to do all the housework, but I wish I had gone to the movies or shopping.
It's easier for me to have a job than to do housework.
Having finished all her housework, she sat down on the sofa to watch television.
Lots of women both run a home and go out to work.
I got him to help me when I moved the furniture.
The furniture was dusty.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
Some furniture is put together with glue.
The houses stand near to each other.
The fronts of the houses were hung with flags.
The houses looked like so many matchboxes.
There are a lot of persons who try to buy a house.
There are a great many people trying buy houses.
I mortgaged my house.
We'll borrow some money on the house.
I'm getting a new house built.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house.
Before you leave home, make sure your pets have enough food.
The weather was lovely when I left home.
I had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard.
I had hardly left home when it began raining.
As soon as I left home, it began to rain.
I was leaving home when Tom telephoned me.
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.
As soon as I left home, I came across her in the street.
As soon as I left home, I ran into her.
As I left the house, I remembered the key.
We have made numerous improvements to our house since we bought it.
It took them two years to build the house.
I will take you home.
I want you to refurbish the house.
Could you please drive me home?
I'll drive you home.
Shall I drive you home?
It is no inconvenience to drive you home.
Are we to remove our shoes before entering the house?
Let us go home.
On my way home, I came across an old friend.
As soon as he got home, he began to play a computer game.
Both buildings burned down.
The telephone was ringing when I got home.
It was not until I got home that I missed my watch.
The house collapsed in an earthquake.
The house was burned to the ground.
The houses caught fire one after another.
Each house is within shouting distance of another.
A house is built on top of a solid foundation of cement.
The house was in flames.
My house was on fire.
We have two cats; one is white, and the other is black.
The house burned down completely.
The house looked good; moreover, the price was right.
My backyard can hold more than ten people.
The homeless sought shelter from a shower.
I spent the holidays decorating the house.
There are scarcely any flowers in our garden.
Let me show you around our house.
We are not cold in the house.
All was silent in the house.
Every door in the house is locked.
I think the only problem I have now is being shut in at home.
There wasn't anybody in the house.
When we have a family argument, my husband always sides with his mother instead of me.
Let's take a rest in the garden instead of indoors.
You can't have lost your coat in the house.
The basements of the houses are likely to have problems.
A horse passed my house.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
There is a garden in front of the house.
A number of cars are parked in front of my house.
There was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday.
I made all my family leave home.
She regretted deeply when she looked back on her life.
A fence runs around the house.
I had to help with the housework.
There is a fence about the house.
The household was already awake at 6 in the morning.
To make our house payments, we're going to have to tighten our belts.
There is a garden at the back of my house.
After tying up loose ends on the house, the carpenter gave the painter approval to begin work.
There is a hut at the back of our house.
Our dog buries its bones in the garden.
My dog follows me whenever I go.
Please wait outside of the house.
Our living room is sunny.
There are always some chores to be done about the house.
Our family consists of five members.
The rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit.
The side of the house was covered with ivy.
Please go around to the side of the house.
The homeless sought shelter from the chilly shower.
The homeless people were annoyed by the flies and mosquitoes.
I was almost home when the car ran out of gas.
This side of the house catches the morning sun.
The oven in my house didn't run well today.
There was a large garden behind the house.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
It is our custom to take off our shoes when we enter the house.
Can you deliver it to my house?
Investing money in your home has some merit; when it is time to sell it you can get more money.
On arriving home, he laid himself on the floor.
Scarcely had I reached home before the telephone rang.
Arrive home.
When I got home, I found your letter waiting for me.
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.
It seemed strange that the door was open when I got home.
When I got home, I was very tired.
I'll give you a call when I get home.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.
I had barely got home when the storm broke.
He had been repairing the car and looked tired when I arrived home.
When I got home, I found I had lost my wallet.
I've left my watch at home.
On my way home, I met him.
I met a dog on my way home.
Please remember to post the letter on your way home.
I did some shopping for Christmas on my way home.
We're goin' home.
Please give me leave to go home.
Let me know when you'll return home.
On her way home, Mary came across John.
I did not miss my purse till I got home.
I would rather sit reading in the library than go home.
I did not miss my purse until I returned home.
I didn't miss my watch till I got home.
When I came home, my mother was standing by the door in tears.
I leave to go home.
As soon as I got home, it began to rain.
I went home and ate a hearty breakfast.
It wasn't until I got home that I missed my umbrella.
I was half asleep when I went home.
When I came home, I felt very hungry.
My advice is for you to go home.
A surprise was in store for me at home.
We spent a lot of money on furnishing our house.
There are more children's stories about the fear of being left home alone.
There was much food in the house.
We had a lot of furniture.
We have two television sets.
There are 5 computers in the house, but 2 of them aren't any use.
He is away from home.
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.
The house was blazing with lights.
I left my card at home.
I have spent a lot of money on my house.
We have two dogs. One is black and the other is white.
I prefer going out to staying at home.
I'm just going to stay home.
I'll fix you some coffee.
I may as well go out than stay at home.
Staying home isn't fun.
When I'm at home there's a lot of stuff to do; I don't even have time to watch TV.
I would rather stay at home.
I'd rather stay at home.
If you take your shoes off before coming into the house you won't bring in any dirt from your shoes.
Houses should be built so as to admit plenty of light as well as fresh air.
There was an unfortunate incident at home.
If you wash it at home, the color will run.
I would rather go out than stay at home.
We will purchase a new car next week.
Father is the heaviest of my family.
We had guests for dinner yesterday.
Stop being lazy and find something to do.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the street.
Feeling the house shake, I ran outside.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the yard at the back of the house.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the garden.
I felt the house shake.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
The house is on fire.
Several houses were carried away by the great flood.
The house was carried away by the flood.
The house is on fire!
How long does it take to go to the office from your home?
I see the tower from my house.
How long does it take you to get here on foot from your home?
Don't go too far afield.
We felt the house shake a little.
I have three daughters to marry off.
Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are a tempest and hailstorm.
Natsume Soseki is one of the best writers in Japan.
The summer goods are now on sale.
Why don't you wear summer clothes?
The summer grass covers the ground.
Tokyo is subject to typhoons in summer.
I was away from home all through the summer vacation.
I usually went to bed at ten during the summer vacation.
I visited Hokkaido during summer vacation.
I'm thinking of going to the States during the summer vacation.
They visited us at the camp during summer vacation.
What do you say to making a trip with me during the summer vacation?
The summer vacation has come to an end, and we will have to go back to school.
Summer vacation is near. Can you think of a good place for the holidays?
The summer vacation is only a week away.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
Summer vacation begins next Monday.
Summer vacation is near at hand.
The summer vacation ended all too soon.
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
How's your summer vacation going?
How was your summer vacation?
What did you do with your summer vacation?
The summer vacation has come to an end too soon.
The summer vacation begins in July.
The summer vacation lasts a couple of weeks.
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
Our plans for the summer are taking shape.
Do you have any plans for the summer vacation?
During the summer vacation, I made friends with many villagers.
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
How much money was saved in preparation for the summer vacation?
I delighted in going to his farm during the summer vacation.
Tourists poured into Karuizawa during the summer vacation.
I'm going away for the summer holiday.
I'm just going to rest during the summer vacation.
Many young people go abroad during summer vacation.
I'm looking forward to your visit during summer vacation.
Because it was summer vacation, I took a trip.
There is nothing like summer and ice cream.
The summer vacation is over.
How soon the summer holiday is over.
I look forward to the summer vacation.
The extension of the summer vacation delighted the children.
I like cold potato salad in the summertime.
As the summer has come, so it will go.
In summer meat easily goes bad; you must keep it in the refrigerator.
The summer had gone before I knew.
Summer is gone.
Do you like summer?
Summer is the season I like best.
In summer it is essential to drink lots of water when we sweat.
The summer is over.
My plan for the summer is to go to Europe.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
It is so humid in summer here.
In summer, eggs soon go bad.
During summers, I used to go to Miami.
There is nothing like ice cream in the summer.
Summer is the season when women look most beautiful.
My father implied our summer trip was arranged.
We cannot sleep well on summer nights.
In late summer and autumn one can see the leaves change colour.
There are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter.
Summer days can be very, very hot.
My summer school dress is blue and white checkered.
I was in London most of the summer.
The summer sun glared down on us.
I'm already accustomed to the heat of summer.
The flowers faded in the heat of the summer days.
The summer heat is rolling in.
The store changed hands at the end of last summer.
The mountains are a lush green in summer.
Some people like summer, and others like winter.
They lent their house for the summer.
We live in the country during the summer.
She took a job in a store for the summer.
What's Scotland like in summer?
I would like to join the summer camp.
St Mark's Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer.
I like everything that comes with summer.
I have to write a paper of more than 10 pages for my summer homework.
We can see a lot of stars at night in summer.
How often do you go swimming in the sea each summer?
Please conserve water in summer.
Grass is luxuriant in summer.
The town was deluged with tourists in summer.
In summer, European people enjoy long holidays.
We have much rain in summer but on the other hand we have little rain in winter.
In summer, we used to go swimming in the river.
Tourists take over this island in the summer.
In summer, we enjoy outdoor sports.
In summer, they used to play on the beach all day long.
In the long summer days she sat in the sun and watched the trees cover themselves with leaves, and the white daisies cover the hill.
In the summer, people go to the seaside.
I often go swimming at the beach in the summer.
It gets hot and humid in summer.
Did you go anywhere for the summer?
Which do you like better, summer or winter?
What do you associate with summer?
Summer has come.
The summer drew near to its end.
Plant these seeds before summer sets in.
When summer is over, the days grow shorter and shorter.
In England, in the summer, the sun rises at about 4 a.m.
The alternative possibilities are neutrality or war.
Take every possible means.
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible.
I'd send my kid out on his own for a while if I were you. A few hard knocks at this point might do him some good.
Some member countries have been lax in abiding by G-7 agreements.
Was Ms. Kato your teacher last year?
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
Mr Kato, who lives in Paris, misses his family left at home.
Kato asked him many questions about the United States.
Kato's class consists of forty boys and girls.
Allow me to introduce Mr Kato to you.
Mr Kato was too old to work any longer.
Mr Kato is a teacher.
I live in Kakogawa.
It is difficult to relate to someone who has different values from you.
Some stores discount the price.
We must cut down on prices; we can't compete.
I'll agree to the terms if you lower the price.
The prices are subject to change without notice.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
The price reflects the demand.
The price varies with demand.
Prices depend on supply and demand.
The price is double what it was last year.
Prices seem to be going down.
Price depends on costs and demand.
What is the price?
If your prices are competitive, we will place a large order.
Prices range from the low $30 to the high $50.
I'd like to discuss pricing with you.
The price includes the postage charge.
The price does not include the case.
The price doesn't include consumption tax.
Observe his facial reaction when we mention a price.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
Who do you think you are?
He emphasized that tens of thousands of people would come to that concert.
How many exposures would you like?
Do you have any CDs?
There are several flowers. One is red, another is white, and the others are yellow.
Minutes or hours later Dr. Numata came in and felt Sadako's forehead.
How long is the ride?
No scam is too outrageous.
Millions of people can see more games than when they have to attend each one in person.
Millions of trees have been cut down for fuel.
Hundreds of people work in this factory.
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office.
Hundreds of boys are playing in the ground.
We shot pheasants by the hundred.
Hundreds of people were on the spot.
Hundreds of people called or wrote to the Gorilla Foundation.
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.
I saw some monkeys climbing the tree.
What number bus do I take?
How many nights would you like the room for?
For how many nights?
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.
Lately, I've been letting my English go. It seems I'll never improve at it, no matter how many years I study.
For years Marina had been inspecting houses.
I haven't seen him for years.
Years of farm work have hardened his body.
For years the picture passed as a genuine Rembrandt.
I wonder if she will recognize me after all those years.
How long have you been studying English?
Some years ago, learning that one had tuberculosis amounted to hearing a sentence of death.
Years ago, she used to hang around with a bunch of bikers.
How long are you going to stay?
You might have to eat those words a few years from now.
How early do I have to make a reservation to qualify for the discount?
Can you hike for days in the wilderness without seeing anyone?
It snowed for many days together.
It rained for several days on end.
How long are you going to stay here?
How long will you be gone?
How many days does it usually take to get there?
About how many days will it take to get there?
How long will it take?
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times.
Having heard it so many times, I can recite the poem by heart now.
Having failed many times, he never gave up the plan.
Many times have I scolded him.
He has lied to me again and again.
Some books are worth reading over and over again.
Having lost the game over and over again, he finally gave in.
Having visited Rome many times, he knows about it well.
Read it again and again.
I tried again and again, but I couldn't succeed.
After several delays, the plane finally left.
I've seen one many times.
Many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct.
Thousands of people were milling around in the square.
Thousands of people gathered there.
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.
Thousands of stars shone in the heavens.
Thousands of people were there.
Thousands of people visited the city.
Thousands of spectators got very excited.
Thousands of people died of hunger.
Thousands of Americans have a hard time keeping the wolf from the door.
Some boats are on the lake.
As the centuries went by and England became more crowded, the people found their food supply a great problem.
How many staff members filed to change departments?
How many people in your party?
No man can be a patriot on an empty stomach.
No man is the wiser for his learning.
No one can be more wise than destiny.
How many people are in this room?
How many children do you have?
How many people are there on the payroll?
How many engineers took part in the conference?
How many people?
Let no one appropriate a common benefit.
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
Some were late.
How many people are now living in poverty?
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police.
We ought to expect some casual visitors.
Some boys came into the classroom.
Some people tried to dig the treasure out, but they couldn't.
Several people have been accused of breaking the law.
Some children brought peanut butter sandwiches, some ham, and others cheese.
Some of the boys are fishing and the others are swimming.
Some of the drivers were laughing and yelling.
I can see some people walking across the street.
Somebody caught me by the arm.
Some were playing tennis on the tennis court.
What newspaper do you take?
Wherever you go, you will find the same thing.
I don't know where we'll arrive.
Getting nowhere.
You can go anywhere you want.
Where can I buy a ticket?
You may sit wherever you like.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
It rained after it had been dry for many weeks.
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
Many kinds of flowers will come out soon.
She screamed with horror as someone took hold of her arm.
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.
What time does it close?
What make of computer do you use?
He had been walking for hours.
After being frightened for many hours, her mother finally saved her.
He was worn out after hours of work.
I felt tired from having worked for hours.
It's painful to keep sitting for hours.
I gazed at the sea for hours.
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up.
It rained for hours and hours.
I have tried for hours to remember where I put my keys, but it has completely escaped me.
It was many hours before he came to.
What time does it open?
When was it finished?
"What time would you like that for?" "Two o'clock would be good."
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
How late can I check in?
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
It became dark before I knew it.
What time can you come?
When should we make reservations?
What time did she check out of the hotel?
What time does boarding begin?
When do I get there?
What time do you go to bed?
What time did you eat?
What time does it start?
What time is dinner?
What time are you leaving?
What time will the game start?
What time is our train arriving at Hakata?
What time shall I pick you up?
What time do you get up?
When did you get up?
When will you come home?
What time does it open and close?
What time should I leave the hotel?
What time will the bus pick us up?
What time and where could we meet?
When should we check out?
What time should I check in?
Can you please tell me what time the train leaves?
Do you know what time the shop is closed?
What time did you arrive there?
What time can I be there?
What time shall we make it?
What time?
What time shall I come?
What time do you have?
Do you know what day it is?
Do you know what the time is?
About what time?
When are you going on summer vacation?
What time do you start check-in?
What time will be right for you?
When is it convenient for you?
When will you be back?
The will is as good as the deed.
Whatever we may undertake, diligence is important.
Everything eventually gets easier with practice.
Nothing is as precious as friendship.
Nothing can prevent her from marrying him.
Nothing can be gained without effort.
Resignation is the first lesson of life.
Don't do anything by halves.
You cannot have your way in everything.
Whatever you're doing, starting off on the right foot is essential.
He smoked as if nothing had happened.
Nothing happened.
All things must have an end.
Don't carry anything to excess.
Moderation in all things.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
Take a mean position in everything.
Do your best in everything.
One has to do one's best in anything.
You should do your best in everything.
Keep in mind that there's no royal road to anything.
Try your best in everything.
You must not go to extremes in anything.
Be the matter what it may, we must persevere.
Whatever may happen.
Should anything arise, she will be prepared for it.
Come what may, I am determined to accomplish it.
I will stand by you whatever happens.
Everybody was anxious to know what had happened.
He felt that something was about to happen.
Whatever may happen, I am prepared for it.
I ordered some new books from America.
Where's your head at?
What language is spoken in America?
Why did she interrupt me?
Why didn't you tell her?
What do you think caused him to lose his job?
I cannot conceive why she has done such a thing.
Do you know why they stopped talking?
Why didn't you tell it to me in advance?
Why am I shooting these guys, tell me, what have they done?
Why were you silent all the time?
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
Why do you think so?
What did you go there for?
Why didn't you come?
What do you mean, why don't I ever say it?
What are you talking about!?
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.
A casual remark can hurt someone.
How often have you been to Europe?
Having failed several times, he tried to do it again.
I got sucked in on a lot of phony deals.
How often do you have to see the dentist?
I got several bites, but could not hook a fish.
How often is it necessary to feed your pet?
Which station are you going to?
Some of the birds didn't fly.
What you're talking about is more important than how you say it.
What's biting you?
What did you buy?
You have to read between the lines to get the most out of anything.
What are you reading?
What are you cross about?
What was stolen?
What was it I left behind?
What shall I go in?
It's not what you wear, it's how you wear it.
What're you waiting for?
What are you concerned about?
What's your major?
What are you laughing at?
What should I eat?
What trifles are you making a great fuss about?
We disputed for hours about what to write.
You should make sure of the facts before you write something.
What should I bring?
What did you make?
A penny for your thoughts.
What do you think you're doing?
How about telling me what you have in mind?
Come on!
What are you thinking about?
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.
Not knowing what to say, she remained silent.
I'm at a loss for what to say.
What to say is more important than how to say it.
What do you mean?
Not knowing what to see, I asked him for advice.
What are you going to see?
No matter what he plays on the screen, Tom looks great.
What will you have to drink?
No matter what you do, do your best.
It's no use trying anything.
What are you about?
I wonder what they have in store for us under the big top?
My view is different from his as to what should be done.
Why are you so happy?
What makes you so sad?
In doing anything, do your best.
Whatever you do, carry it through.
And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men.
No matter what you do, you must follow the correct order.
You should make as much effort as possible in whatever you do.
We need money to do anything.
Whatever you do, you must do your best.
It is up to you to decide what to do.
I'm doubtful about what I ought to do.
Not knowing what to do, I called my mother for advice.
My view was different from his as to what should be done.
Nobody could decide as to what to do.
I must think about what to do.
You are sure to succeed, whatever you do.
Whatever you may do, you must do your best.
What shall we play?
It is clear what must be done.
What do you do to pass the time?
Not knowing what to do, I stood there silently.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for his advice.
Let me know what you're up to.
Not knowing what to do, I did nothing.
I don't have the slightest idea what to do.
Tell me what to do.
What do you want to do?
Please telephone me when you have made up your mind what you want to do.
May I help you ma'am?
What's eating you?
What's taking you so long?
What would you like to drink?
I can't understand what you're trying to get at.
I have a very vague idea of what you are talking about.
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
Thank you all the same.
For some reason or other she shook her head.
Reflect on your own motives when making a decision.
Because of some technical problem, a movie was shown in place of the announced program.
What is most important is your strong will to master English.
The most important thing is thinking for oneself.
Above all, you must take good care of yourself.
I love to jog more than anything else in the world.
What I need worst is a haircut.
Duty should come before anything else.
The one resource more precious than any other was land.
You should put safety before everything else.
We must put safety before anything else.
Chiefly, I want you to be more frank.
You must, above all, be faithful to your friends.
Best of all, he learns things fast.
Above all, don't tell a lie.
Above all, be patient.
Above all, be true to yourself.
Above all, we must be healthy.
Above all, try to be kind to the old.
Above all, watch your diet.
Above all, you must help each other.
Above all, I want to see him again.
Above all, take care of yourself.
First of all, he is very worried about his daughter's health.
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
Not having heard from him, I wrote to him again.
That won't change anything.
You have nothing to fear.
You have no need to be ashamed.
It is no use your pretending that you know nothing.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
There is nothing to worry about.
Nothing can force me to give it up.
There is no hurry.
I could not see anything.
I have no real intent.
Nothing's gonna change my world.
Those who possess nothing lose nothing.
Above all, I want to be healthy.
Nothing is to be compared to its beauty.
I don't feel like anything.
Having nothing to do, he went downtown.
Having nothing to do, I watched television.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
Work is preferable to idleness.
Don't cry before you're hurt.
You can wear my scarf as long as you don't spill anything on it.
Everything points to his guilt.
Those who forget everything are happy.
You had better tell me the whole story.
He looked as if he knew all about it.
Sometimes everything goes wrong.
Everything seemed to go wrong with me.
Everything is now ready for you.
You didn't leave me shit.
Everything went better than I had expected.
No one shall be held in slavery.
Before everything you should take better care of your health.
What were we talking about?
What does this stand for?
It is good for nothing.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
For what purpose did he come here?
Few people are free of care.
What do I have?
What thought do you think had the biggest impact on the English in the Middle Ages?
By what authority do you order me to do this?
Who are you to tell me to get out?
What flower do you like best?
Never hesitate to tell the truth.
What made her so sad?
What do you play baseball for?
Why did her father go to Japan?
What on earth do you want six copies of the same book for?
What are you working for?
What did you buy this expensive dictionary for?
What do you learn English for?
What did you buy it for?
For what?
What kind of sandwich do you want?
What for?
The allusion was not lost on me.
What will you have to eat?
Just tell me what you'd like me to do.
I will be glad if I can serve you in any way.
In fact, I'll even call George at the office and tell him he ought to come home and help out.
What a fine day it is!
What a good teacher Mr Hirayama is!
How well Mr Hirayama teaches!
What a dishonest fellow!
What a beautiful rainbow!
What lovely flowers!
I don't know how to reply to that question.
What a big supermarket!
What a lazy teacher!
How wonderful a time we have had!
How well she is singing!
How serious I looked!
What a pity!
What splendid houses they are!
I am at a loss for what I have to say.
I didn't know what to say.
Let me have your suggestion as to what I am to say.
How blue the sky is!
He exclaimed, "What a dirty face you have!"
I can't say for sure.
What an incredible amount of work he has done!
I can't say.
I have no words to express my gratitude.
I sort of understand.
Boy, did she have egg on her face when she showed up at the formal party wearing blue jeans!
How fast the plane is!
I must save her at all costs.
What a marvelous sight!
What a heavenly dress!
We must prevent war at any cost.
We've got to break out tonight or I'll go crazy!
I ache for a sight of the sea.
I must save the drowning child by all means.
We must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any cost.
She managed to learn to drive a car.
I managed to find his office.
Will you make every effort to come?
I'll manage to fit you in next week.
We just got to first base.
I tried everything to keep him alive.
I'll get my son to wash my car somehow or other.
I hope I can manage to make both ends meet.
Let's try to arrange something.
Could you make time for me?
Push the job and get it done this week.
I managed to make myself understood in English.
What a lovely doll!
I think I can handle it.
I'll work that into my tight schedule.
We made it out of there.
Do something!
Get up as early as you possibly can.
Will you manage to repair my car?
I was determined to fulfill my duties at any cost.
Catch as catch can.
Can't you do something to help me?
Please do something about it.
I'll be there by eight somehow.
Mr. So-and-so called today.
You should struggle so hard to make this program work.
I cannot thank you too much.
I beg your pardon?
Not knowing what to say, she just smiled.
I was wrong all the same.
After all, their form of transport produces no pollution at all.
I was at a loss what to say.
What a waste of water!
What a waste of energy!
How slow you are!
So quick!
What made her do so?
You have a lot of nerve!
Hmmm, how shall I say this?
What led you to believe it?
What a cute little girl!
Why me?
How naughty you are! Stop bothering me!
Ask me anything!
What a good idea!
It's to your advantage to learn everything you can.
You cannot have your own way in everything.
We cannot have our own way in everything.
You may take anything you like.
Call on us in case of any difficulties.
Help yourself to anything you like.
Please get whatever you like.
Jack of all trades, and master of none.
You can't hope to have your own way in everything.
Without motivation, nothing can be achieved.
It was nothing.
I'll do anything.
Stop making a fuss over nothing.
You shall not have your own way in everything.
Anything will do.
A jack of all trades is a master of none.
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.
I am entirely at your service.
I'm sure people would live twice as long if they stopped getting themselves worked up over everything.
Eat whatever you like.
What marvelous weather.
What's it made from?
What was that?
Come again?
I don't care what you say. It's not going to happen!
Holy cow!
The men will be happy if they get anything back.
I didn't hear what you said.
What's my book doing here?
What an ambiguous expression!
I'm sort of tired.
We'll what?
Give me a break. If you have something to say, stop making faces and say it.
Say, he is no more than a kid.
What are you going to do?
Because the store is so small, he has to wear many different hats, from accountant to stock boy.
We discussed what to do.
Come what may, we must remain cheerful.
How many languages can you speak?
For months, he did almost nothing.
I've been going out with her for months.
Do you have anything to talk about?
Won't you give me something cold to drink?
Will you give me something cold to drink?
How about something cold to drink?
I want something cold to drink.
Would you give me something cold to drink?
I want to drink something cold.
Have you thought of any good plans?
He says "want" when he wants something, and "no" when he does not.
Tell me what you want.
I thought you had come on business.
Have you got any plans?
Are you taking any medicine regularly?
A certain problem may come about.
Are there any landmarks?
Don't you smell something unusual?
There should be something for us to talk about.
What have you got to say for yourself?
What's new?
She must have sensed something odd.
There must be another way.
I smell something rotten.
Let me know if you are in need of anything.
Don't hesitate to tell me if you need anything.
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
What tempted him to propose to her?
What made her do such a thing?
What tempted him to come home?
If you have some troubles, I recommend you confer with him.
Please give me something hot to drink.
May I have something hot to drink?
Do you have anything hot?
Time will pass quite quickly when you read something.
Lend me some books to read.
I want something to read.
Are you doing anything special?
Do you have anything to say in particular?
Do you have anything in mind?
Do you have anything to relieve a headache?
We must devise some means of escape.
Whatever happens, I'll stick to my principles to the bitter end.
Would you like to leave a message?
May I take a message?
What is the news?
Can I please have something hot to drink?
I want something hot to drink.
He encouraged his son to do something great.
What is cooking in the kitchen?
Is there anything else you would like to eat?
Is it anything serious?
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?
He's given to going overboard every time he gets a new idea.
We want something new.
Is there any fresh news?
Give me something to eat.
Can I have something to eat?
I want something to eat.
Do you have anything to eat?
Bring me something to eat.
Please give me something to eat.
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
I'd like something to eat.
How about a bite?
Is there anything that I should not eat?
If something goes wrong, you should attend to it at once.
Can I borrow something to write with?
I want something with which to write.
Do you have something to write with?
I need something to write with.
I want something to write on.
Give me something to write with.
Give me something to write on.
Will you give us a statement?
He did not understand what was in the way of his success in life.
Do you collect anything?
Can I help you?
I should have done something.
If something does happen, I'll just play it by ear.
Do you have any questions?
Wire me at once, in case there should be an accident.
There appears to have been an accident.
I need to find out exactly what went wrong.
I will be able to see you tomorrow unless something unexpected turns up.
Give me something to do.
Do you subscribe to any magazines?
I think there has been some misunderstanding here.
What do you want me to do?
Is there anything I can do for you?
May I say something?
If you have something to say, say it now or pipe down.
What's the cause?
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact him.
I was conscious that something was missing.
I haven't heard from him these several months.
You must take up a regular occupation.
I'd like something light.
Do you have a plan?
What's worrying you?
Something terrible is about to happen.
I had a feeling that something dreadful was happening.
I have a feeling that something dreadful is going to happen.
Something dreadful has happened to Miss Davidson.
Ask him if you have any doubt.
What's going on?
No matter what happens, I will never change my mind.
Come what may, I am prepared for it.
I'll stand by you whatever happens.
We ought to be ready for whatever comes.
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
We should obey the law no matter what happens.
Whatever happens, please remember I'll stand by you.
Come what may, I'm ready for it.
Come what may, I will never leave you.
I'll keep my word, whatever may happen.
Come what may; I won't change my mind.
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.
What would happen?
It is unexpected what breaks out.
There is no predicting what may happen.
There is no telling what will happen.
There is no knowing what may happen.
Nobody can foresee what'll happen.
There is no knowing what will happen.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Whatever happens, keep calm.
I don't care what happens.
Keep on the watch for anything to come.
No matter what happens, you must not give up.
No matter what happens, I won't be surprised.
I'll go no matter what.
Whatever happens, you have to stay calm.
What is going on?
I demand to know what's going on here.
I sensed what was happening.
I was astonished to hear what had happened.
I wonder what happened.
What happened, Sally?
What's up?
I explained to her what the matter was.
Do you know what happened?
I cannot account for what has happened.
Give me an accurate report of what happened.
How did it come about?
We need a detailed description of what happened.
We were astonished to hear what had happened.
Something may have happened to him.
Something bad's going to happen.
Have I said something to hurt your feelings?
I feel like eating something sweet.
I want something sweet to eat.
Are there any discount tickets for me?
Can you play any musical instruments?
Have you got any baggage?
Do you hear any sound?
Please give me something to drink.
Give me something to drink.
Will you give me something to drink?
Can I get you something to drink?
May I have something to drink?
I want something to drink.
I'd like something to drink.
Would you like to drink anything?
Are you implying something?
Do you have an opinion?
You must persevere before you can accomplish anything great.
What is the matter with you?
Did you eat anything bad?
Something bad may happen to him.
Something wrong was about to happen.
You don't seem to understand how difficult it is for young people today to believe in something.
To record something, they used knotted cords made of the wool of the llama or alpaca.
If you say that you cannot help doing something, you mean you cannot prevent or avoid it.
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
What shall I begin with?
Do you have any good news?
Come what may, we must do our duty.
Before buying anything, you had better ask yourself whether you cannot do without it.
Do you have any further questions to ask?
I'll let you know if anything comes up.
Show me some others.
What did Bell invent?
Is there anything else you want me to do?
What was invented by Bell?
Do you have any pets?
I'll give you a present.
I'm afraid there's been some awful news.
The doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support.
Complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment.
Can't we use a simile here?
I saw something very bright fly across the night sky.
What is missing?
Something's got to give.
Would you like anything to eat?
What made you so dissatisfied?
What is in the desk?
What makes you so dissatisfied?
Don't you have anything to do?
What is over there?
Do you play any sports?
Did you make anything I can start on now?
I have to do something.
Something must be done!
Let's play something.
What would you like to do while you're here?
If there is anything you want, don't hesitate to ask me.
Will you leave a message?
Do you have anything further to say?
Lend me something with which to cut this.
Something stinks here.
Lend me something with which to cut the string.
Be sure to get in touch with me, if there is anything I can do for you.
Don't you smell something burning in the next room?
I felt something crawling on my back.
I heard something fall to the ground.
Something went off with a loud noise.
I felt something touch my feet.
If anything is sacred the human body is sacred.
I smell something burning.
I felt something crawling up my arm.
Something is being looked for.
It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.
Has anything strange happened?
Something happened and he couldn't keep his promise.
I hope I can be of some help to you.
Can I do anything for you?
I told her that if I could be of any use I would be glad to help.
What shall I do for you?
If you find an interesting book, please buy it for me.
Lend me something interesting to read.
You should put something in your stomach before you go.
Do we have anything I can snack on?
Go and see for yourself what has happened.
Something strange caught my eye.
What makes you laugh like that?
Press the red button if something strange happens.
What are you laughing at? It's a fact. No kidding!
What do you suggest?
I feel that something is wrong.
Have you found any good solution?
I need some good advice.
I had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen.
What's the good news?
What kind of part-time job do you have?
What made you come here?
I will be glad, if I can be of any service to you.
I am wondering if I could be of any service to you.
Is there anything you can do?
What led you to believe so?
Is there anything that I can do for you?
I wish that I could give you something.
What is it that "isn't only you"?
Nothing can ever stagger her belief.
Nothing will stop his going.
What prevented you from coming to the concert?
I shall not change my mind, whatever happens.
Hey, what happened?
Please keep me informed.
If something happens, feel free to call me.
I have some idea of what happened.
What is happening?
Please tell me what happened off the record, of course.
Is anything up?
Anything new?
Did you notice any change?
Well, you have only to ask for his help.
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
We cannot conceive science without a hypothesis.
I have false nearsightedness.
Attached is the tentative agenda.
You'll need a temporary bridge.
If it were to rain tomorrow, the match would be postponed.
If you were to win the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
Were the earth to stop revolving, what do you suppose would happen?
If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
What would you do if war were to break out?
If I were to be born again, I would be a musician.
If I were to tell you the truth, you would be surprised.
If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
If we were to live on the moon, how large would the earth look?
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
If I were you, I would go home and take a good rest.
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
Granted that you are right, we still have to persuade him first.
If I were to go abroad, I would go to France.
If he wants to succeed at all, he must work harder.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Suppose that pigeons have something in their heads which can feel the power lines.
Granting that it is so, what follows?
If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
If UFOs were to attack the earth, what would become of us?
Fossil fuels won't be available forever.
I got a rash from cosmetics.
Fossil fuel prices shot through the roof.
Ayako's skin is sensitive to chemicals.
Chemical products account for approximately two-thirds of our exports.
Chemical companies are waiting until everything dies down before reinvesting.
I have some acquaintance with chemistry.
I would like to consider the implications we can draw from the application of Emmet's theory to chemistry.
He is a mean fellow.
Here's some medicine for diarrhea.
I have a touch of diarrhea.
I have diarrhea.
My lower abdomen feels bloated.
He haunts the lowest resorts.
Did you do your homework? The meeting is only two days away.
I got soaked to the skin.
You can wear your undershirt.
Translate the underlined part.
Correct the underlined words.
Translate the underlined sentences.
The drain is running freely.
The drains are blocked up.
The boarders are now away on vacation.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
Take care not to make a foolish move.
A bad workman complains of his tools.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
We wish to advise you of the following price reductions.
We shipped the following to you last week.
I'd like a quote on the following.
Simply follow the instructions below, and in no time you will be printing full color documents just as easily and quickly as black and white.
The Representative said he will put a brake on spending.
The House cut the budget for foreign aid.
The Congressmen rammed the bill through committee.
Go downstairs and have a wash.
See below.
Can you see something red down below?
Sign at the bottom, please.
Turn down the volume, please.
Reading aloud was a great effort to him.
What passion cannot music raise and quell?
I hope there are some music clubs.
I am interested in listening to music.
Not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall.
The concert was well attended.
The concert was a great success.
The concert will take place next Sunday.
The concert concluded with the national anthem.
There were many late arrivals at the concert.
The musician shook his head and pushed his little piano away.
A musician can appreciate small differences in sounds.
Musicians are usually sensitive to criticism.
Did you come from a musical family?
The musician left his family poor.
Do you know when the musician will come here?
Who that understands music could say his playing was good?
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.
I cheered myself up by listening to music.
Try to reproduce the music in your mind.
It is a lot of fun to listen to music.
Do you like listening to music or singing songs?
I listen to music.
Let's listen to some music.
Music has settled her nerves.
Music has charms to soothe a savage breast.
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
Music gives sound to fury, shape to joy.
Music feeds our imagination.
Music is a common speech for humanity.
Music gratifies the ears.
Music makes our life happy.
The music added to our enjoyment.
Music affords us much pleasure.
Music surrounds our lives like air.
Music moves the feelings.
Are you fond of music?
Nobody is equal to this young woman in the field of music.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
The importance of music is underrated.
You have good taste in music.
Musical talent usually blooms at an early age.
Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
Talent for music runs in their blood.
Who that understands music could say his playing is good?
How do I fix the volume?
Music is universal.
They were dancing with the music.
With regards to music, he is one of the most famous critics.
Tastes in music vary from person to person.
Music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life.
Talking of music, what kind of music do you like?
When it comes to music I have no ear for it.
In music or speaking, a pause is frequently used for dramatic effect.
The music made the show.
I hear music.
He yields to nobody in love of music.
Above the music, I could hear her crying.
Were it not for music, the world would be a dull place.
If not for music, the world would be a dull place.
Still waters run deep.
No music, no life.
Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
Don't make any noise, I'm studying.
Don't make a noise.
Can you keep the noise down?
Leaves were dropping silently to the ground.
The noise was deadened by the insulation.
The music gradually died away.
The noise grew fainter, till it was heard no more.
The sound became fainter and fainter, till at last it disappeared.
Sound travels very quickly.
A talking dictionary is no longer a fantasy.
Silent waters run deep.
There are a few yachts on the calm sea.
The thermometer reads three degrees below zero.
The thermometer stood at 37 degrees centigrade.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
The thermometer stood at 15 degrees.
The thermometer reads 10C.
The thermometer stands at 70.
What is the temperature?
It is difficult to adapt oneself to sudden changes of temperature.
The temperature falls.
Many plants and crops grow here thanks to the mild climate.
The hot spring will do you good.
They say you should consult the past if you want to learn about the future. History has a lot to teach us.
Can I fix you a hot drink?
There's nothing like a good hot bath.
I want to eat warm soup.
Let's eat while the food is warm.
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
It is beneath my dignity to ask a favor.
You bit the hand that fed you.
Wholesale prices had been basically flat.
The wholesalers might try to back out of the deal.
Don't put me in the same class with them.
Don't fall in love because we hate you still.
Cleanse me! Release me! Set me free!
You left me in despair.
Do you enjoy making me feeling like the dead?
Don't make light of me.
I guess I've reached the age where I have to dispense advice to my underlings.
Am I slipping?
Was I really boring?
I have her in my pocket.
I gotta keep on movin'.
How should I know?
I never hear anything.
I am just a castaway on an island lost at sea.
I will not be dictated to by some idiot in the personnel department.
I think you and he wanna be alone.
I'm a free man.
I'm living in the city.
Was I wrong?
I don't wanna clean up dog shit.
I am incomplete.
I'm a hero.
I cried all night long.
I'm a zero.
I gotta try to do my best.
I play in a band.
I have a strong backhand.
There's nothing I can do.
I'm playing a TV game.
Alone in this world I'll be.
Boy I, I really must have passed out.
I've got something on you.
I'm not going to be pushed around by you or anyone else.
I'm just a boy who makes mistakes.
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
Be my right-hand man.
Don't play hard to get with me.
Don't worry about me.
I waver in my mind, a place just for me.
Won't you hear my thoughts?
Don't put it on my desk.
My love has gone far away.
My papa said no.
Leave me alone!
I love that chair.
It's my CD.
Let me handle this.
Are you talking to me?
Keep away from me.
It suits me.
My job search is really going rough. I don't have any connections.
I'm so unimportant and insignificant.
I can hear the sound in your mind.
I can't do it.
I have a card up my sleeve.
You don't... you don't talk to me like that.
I am a lucky budgie, aren't I?
If I were prime minister, I'd give Clinton a good talking to.
I feel something.
It's you I'll always love.
Do you find it funny that I feel this way?
I have chubby fingers, so I can't use a small keyboard.
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.
I'd rather go by train. I have a license, but no real driving experience, so I'm not very sure of myself behind the wheel.
Lady Otohime gave Urashima Taro a beautiful Tamate-box.
He makes young girls' hearts flutter.
Any result obtained through the execution of the Commissioned Business shall belong to each party hereto.
Oysters don't agree with me.
His bread is buttered on both sides.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
With a weak beat, it continues to bleed.
The timid man trembled with fear.
It was too nice a day to stay inside.
You can see for miles from the roof.
Let's clear out the attic.
He says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic.
Dust had accumulated in the attic.
There's ample room in the attic.
The roof was damaged by the storm.
The roof is really in need of repair.
The roof was blown off by the explosion.
The roof is shining in the sun.
The roof was torn off by the gale.
The roof declines at a sharp angle.
The roof was dripping.
We have to clear the snow off the roof.
That house, the roof of which is red, is my uncle's.
Look at the house with the red roof.
I saw the moon above the roof.
I see a bird on the roof.
The bird on the roof is a crow.
I cleared the roof of snow.
What is the name of the building whose roof you can see?
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
Rain was pattering on the roof.
The staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow, steep, and dark.
What is that building with the green roof?
The house whose roof is green is mine.
The house with the damaged roof has been repaired.
That's Tom's house with the red roof.
The tile which fell from the roof broke into pieces.
We saw the bird when we visited Okinawa.
How many hours does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
Okinawa has a fine climate all year round.
How long does it take to reach Okinawa?
Is Okayama a big city?
I've never been beyond Okayama.
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
There is a yellow rose.
The king turned out to be naked.
There's a rich man sleeping on a golden bed.
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.
The King invited not only us but also a lot of other people.
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
The king went hunting this morning.
Long live the King!
The queen stood beside the king.
The princess couldn't help laughing at him.
The royal wedding was a great spectacle.
The royal family lives in the Imperial Palace.
The prince bowed down to Snow White.
The prince was changed into a frog.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
The prince was changed into a tree by magic.
The prince was turned by magic into a frog.
The prince has set out on a long journey.
The prince was lost in the woods.
The prince made it known all over the land that he would marry the poor girl.
The prince was confined in the castle for three years.
The prince succeeded to the throne.
Kingdoms and small countries then developed.
I succeed to the throne.
There was a time when kings and queens reigned over the world.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
The king created him a peer.
The king crushed his enemies.
The king was famous for his splendid palace.
The king imposed heavy taxes on the people.
The king exacted taxes from his people.
The king was executed.
The king ruled his kingdom justly.
The king imposed heavy taxes on his people.
The king abused his power.
The king was stripped of his power.
The king was shorn of his power.
The King was assaulted by terrorists.
The king was greatly entertained by the music.
The king subjected all the tribes to his rule.
Kings have long arms.
What the king says is always absolute.
The royal palace was built on a hill.
Mr. Oh came to Japan to study Japanese.
Mr Wang is from China.
The king governed the country.
In Europe and America, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
In Europe and America they regard the dog as a member of the family.
European currencies weakened against the dollar.
The EC's Twelve are working out a compromise on farm-price.
Learning lessons from Europe, Japan has to switch its economic-oriented policy to a consumer-conscious one, in order to cope with the coming unprecedented aging society towards the 21st century.
Is this the right way to Yokohama Station?
Yokohama is a beautiful port town.
Yokohama is one of the largest cities in Japan.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
Yokohama is the city in Japan with the second largest population.
The population of Yokohama is larger than that of Osaka.
Yokohama is a city where more than three million people live.
A car lying on its side blocked the passage.
I sleep on my side.
Lie down and rest for a while.
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.
We found the beds quite comfortable.
Don't cut in with your remarks.
Push the button, please.
The door gave to my pressure.
Push the door open.
Please fill in the application form and send it back by November 2nd.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
Applicants were requested to submit their resumes.
Applicants must be under thirty years old.
Apply within.
I need first aid.
Is there anybody who knows first aid?
I want to go and cheer.
Please back me up!
I'm really irritable lately. My favorite soccer team is in a slump.
Did you buy a round trip ticket?
I bought a round-trip ticket.
What's the round-trip fare?
I got slapped on both cheeks.
Round trip or one-way?
Is your wife a good cook?
How's your wife?
Please say hello to your wife for me.
Send my greetings to your wife.
May I take your size, madam?
I'd like to speak to the lady of the household.
Where's your better half?
My back tooth has chipped.
How is the wife?
How can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble?
His wife leads him by the nose.
Please say hello to your wife.
After his wife left him, Harold went nuts.
It's an awful shame your wife couldn't come.
When his wife died, he received dozens of letters of sympathy.
I think his wife is going out of town.
Your wife is mad at you.
Imagine that you have a wife.
My nephew was accustomed to sitting up late.
A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
As a result of pollution, the lake is without any form of life.
Pollution is damaging our earth.
Down with corrupt politicians.
Shall I help you with washing-up?
Please clean the dirty floor.
Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty.
You may take the book home so long as you don't get it dirty.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
Don't handle my books with dirty hands.
You should clean your dirty room.
When the trusted confidant of the person who conducted a hostile takeover of the company betrayed him, it was a sort of retributive justice.
I saw a dirty dog coming into the garden.
Don't wash your dirty linen in public.
Maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure.
How do you feel?
Salt water is more buoyant than fresh water.
Did you put in any salt?
Would you be kind enough to pass the salt?
Pass me the salt, please.
Will you pass me the salt?
If you are done with the salt, please pass it to me.
Pass me the salt, will you?
Would you pass me the salt?
Can you pass me the salt, please?
He asked me to pass him the salt.
Would you pass me the salt, please?
The addition of salt greatly improved the flavor.
The excessive use of salt should be taboo.
Could you pass me the salt, please?
Please pass me the salt.
Pass me the salt, would you?
Would you pass the salt, please?
Salt is necessary for a cook.
Salt is necessary for cooking.
Salt is a useful substance.
Salt is sold by weight.
Salt is used to season food.
Salt helps stop food from perishing.
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
Salt preserves fish from decay.
We cannot do without salt even for a single day.
Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
We season with salt.
I wanted some salt, but there was none in the jar.
Is there any salt left?
There is no salt left.
He should have bought some pencils.
Put down your pencil.
Put down your pencil and listen to me.
May I use your pencil? Any one will do.
How many dozen pencils do you have?
I bought a dozen pencils today.
I've lost my pencil.
I have lost my pencil.
Have you got a pencil?
Pencils are sold by the dozen.
The point of the pencil has become dull.
Please write with a pencil.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Please write your name with a pencil.
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
My pencil fell off the edge of my desk.
Please give me a pencil and some sheets of paper.
Lead bends easily.
Which is heavier, lead or gold?
Thank you very much for coming so far as see me off.
How kind you are to come all the way to see me off!
Thank you very much for coming so far to see me off.
Go ahead and talk.
Please feel free to use my dictionary.
Please feel free to ask me questions.
Please feel free to express yourself.
I'll give you a piece of my mind.
Please help yourself to the cake.
Don't be shy about talking to the teacher; if you don't understand, use some initiative!
Never hesitate to have time off whenever you want.
Don't hold back.
Don't hesitate to ask for advice.
Not really. I like hiking better than fishing.
We were glad when we saw a light in the distance.
We felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance.
We saw a castle in the distance.
We saw a little light in the distance.
I saw a town in the distance.
In the distance there stood a dimly white lighthouse.
We can see the island in the distance.
It's hard to get to by bike because it's far away.
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
The picture looks strange because it has no perspective.
I'm afraid my depth perception is very poor.
Please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
Don't beat about the bush.
Don't beat around the bush; tell me who is to blame.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened.
Instead of beating around the bush, Jones got straight to the point.
I sounded him out about his views.
I had not gone far before it began to rain.
We had not gone far before we saw the road blocked by a truck.
We can see distant objects with a telescope.
Distant things look blurred.
I saw a house in the distance.
Reach out and touch someone.
I saw a light far away.
I saw land in the distance.
We can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.
Mt. Fuji could be seen in the distance.
I saw a light in the distance.
I could see Tokyo Tower far away.
We saw an island in the distance.
We saw the tower in the distance.
We saw a bird in the distance.
We could see the lights of the town in the distance.
We could see the ship in the distance.
I saw a cottage in the distance.
Shots were heard in the distance.
We saw a mountain in the distance.
You can see the ancient ruins in the distance.
A church spire could be seen in the distance.
A fire was seen to blaze up far away.
There was something moving in the distance.
We saw a dim light in the distance.
I made out a tower in the distance.
I heard it thunder in the distance.
Little lights were blinking on and off in the distance.
We heard shots in the distance.
They heard a gun go off in the distance.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
Can you see far?
I heard someone calling me from a distance.
I saw a figure approaching in the distance.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
Seen from a distance, it looked like a human face.
Seen from distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
Seen from a distance, the stone looks like a human face.
Seen from a distance, this mountain looks like Mt. Fuji.
The small island looked like a tortoise from a distance.
In the distance you can see Mt. Fuji through the morning mist.
We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse.
There were almost no railroads out west.
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
Marriage is made in heaven.
Don't say such a thing.
We sprinkle salt for purification.
Marriages are made in heaven.
It's bad luck to say that.
Even the worthy Homer sometimes nods.
He is an unsung hero.
Monkeys climb trees.
Don't be a copycat.
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.
The monkeys are grooming each other.
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
A monkey is climbing up a tall tree.
The forest is teeming with monkeys.
A chimney carries smoke from a fireplace to the outside.
The chimney began to give out smoke.
Black smoke came out of the chimney.
Smoke was rising from the chimney.
Smoke is rising from the chimney.
The smoke poured out of the chimney.
Keep your cigarettes dry.
Please put your cigarette out.
Smoking is harmful to the health.
Smoking is a bad habit.
Too much smoking tends to injure the voice.
Avoid smoking excessively.
You'd better break off smoking.
Smoking is harmful to your health.
How many cigarettes am I allowed to take back duty free?
I have a sore throat because of too much smoking.
Will you give me a light?
Don't forget to extinguish your cigarette.
Smoking began to tell on his health.
The smoke ascended into the air.
The smoke went upward through the chimney.
There is no fire without smoke.
Where there is smoke there is fire.
The smoke made our eyes water.
I can't be around smoke.
The smoke blew away.
The smoke is rising in the air.
Turn the flame down low.
Fire devoured the forest.
The concert began with a piano solo.
Concert tickets are on sale at this office.
There was a large audience at the concert.
After the concert, the crowd made for the nearest door.
The concert is about to start.
I'm all in a dither about the concert.
The audience clapped when the concert was over.
The performance was almost over.
It's a lot of fun making people laugh while giving a speech.
The speaker tried to incite the people to rebellion.
The speaker aroused the anger of the audience.
The speaker swaggered into the lecture hall.
François gave a speech.
The speaker banged the table with his fist.
I had little time to prepare the speech.
A person giving a speech should stand where everyone can see him.
The speaker should stand where everyone can see him.
I got more and more bored as the speech went on.
We're going to the theater.
I'd like to see a play. Do you have any information?
Do you enjoy plays, films, and such?
Action!
The coast was warned against a tsunami.
Sail along the coast.
Nobody else offered to help.
His pride didn't allow him to ask for help.
I need somebody to help me.
I am very grateful to you for your help.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world.
There was a continuous line of cars.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
The banquet was in full swing.
And the master of the banquet tested the water that had been turned into wine.
Gardening has been popular for some years.
Can you give me the definition of a cone?
The Maruyama river flows through Kinosaki.
Maruyama Park is a place where a lot of people gather.
The strong yen was advantageous to our company.
The strong yen is acting against Japan's export industry.
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
The strong yen was a fatal blow to the company.
The yen is rising and the dollar is falling.
The influence of the strong yen on the Japanese economy has become very serious.
The yen's appreciation accelerated the decline of that company.
Does depreciation of the yen give rise to inflation?
Draw a circle.
The yen is still low against the dollar.
Can I exchange yen for dollars here?
I exchanged yen for dollars.
Is there a bank where I can exchange yen for dollars?
Please exchange yen for dollars.
The yen is weaker than the dollar.
The yen rose to the dollar.
The yen appreciated 10 percent against the dollar.
The yen was revalued upward against the U.S. dollar from a rate of 360 yen against the dollar to 308 yen on December 18, 1971.
The value of the yen has risen greatly.
The value of the yen has soared.
I'd like to know the exact exchange rate for yen.
The yen is expected to lose value against the dollar.
The bookstore across from the station is very large.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
There is a bank in front of the station.
There is a large parking lot in front of the station.
A lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station.
I ran into an old friend of mine outside the station.
I got a taxi in front of the station.
It's foolish taking a taxi when you can easily walk to the station.
It's too far to walk to the station, so let's take a bus.
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
How long does it take to walk to the station?
Shall we walk to the station?
It's an hour's walk to the station.
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
We ran on as far as the station.
I had to run to the station.
Can you give me a ride to the station?
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
Will you give me a lift to the station?
Could you give me a lift to the train station?
How long will it take me to walk to the station?
It is no more than a mile to the station.
It's a long way to the station.
It's about ten minutes to the station by bus.
How far is it to the station?
The station is pretty far.
It is more than 3 kilometers to the station.
I rode with her as far as the station.
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
Will you tell me the way to the station?
Please be so kind as to show me the way to the station.
I don't feel up to running to the station.
It will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
I managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station.
I'll show you to the station.
We arranged that a car meet you at the station.
I'll accompany you to the station.
I will go along with you as far as the station.
Can you give me a lift to the station?
Allow an hour to get to the station.
It takes you an hour to go to the station on foot.
Could you give me a ride to the station?
It took five minutes to get to the station.
I got to the station only to find that the train had just left.
Arriving at the station, he found his train gone.
I have been to the station.
Would you please tell me the way to the station?
Please show me the way to the station.
Could you tell me the way to the station?
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.
I was caught in a shower on my way to the station.
How can I get to the station?
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
How long does it take to the train station by taxi?
Is this the right way to the station?
Can you tell me how to get to the station?
On arriving at the station, I went to see my uncle at his office.
The station is a little way off.
The station is the middle of the city.
The station is to the west of the hotel.
Where is the railroad station?
The station is situated in between the two towns.
The station is near at hand.
The station is nearby.
The station is dead ahead.
The station is about three miles from here.
The station is a ten minute drive from here.
The station is near here. You'll be in time for the train.
The station is not far from here.
The station is two miles away.
The station is 100 meters away.
You pay for the convenience of living near a station.
There is a post office in front of the station.
There is a fountain in front of the station.
Wherever you go, you see a lot of bicycles left on sidewalks near stations.
It is a great convenience to live near a station.
Is there a bank near the station?
There is a taxi stand near the station.
There's one just near the station.
The train started before we got to the station.
The moment she arrived at the station, she phoned her mother.
On arriving at the station, I called a friend of mine.
On arriving at the station, she rang up her mother.
On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
On my arrival at the station, I will call you.
The sky had become threatening before I got to the station.
Arriving at the station, I found the train had already left.
Arriving at the station, she called up her brother.
Arriving at the station, I found my train gone.
The train had already started when I got to the station.
It was snowing when I reached the station.
As I reached the station, I got off the bus.
When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
The train was just on the point of starting when I got to the station.
We must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
Could you tell me the way to the station, please?
I'll show you the way to the station.
I ran into an old classmate of mine on my way to the station.
We needed a taxi to take us to the station.
Please tell me which bus to take to get to the station.
I could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station.
Can you pick me up at the station?
Please come to meet me at the station.
Although it was a long way back to the station, little by little the old wagon drew near.
You can go to the station by bus.
Buses run between the station and the airport.
I bought a box lunch at the station.
Please wait for me at the station.
Please drop me off at the station.
I ran into my old teacher at the station.
We ran into each other at the station.
Will you wait for us at the station?
I met with an old friend of mine at the station.
An American spoke to me at the station.
I met a certain gentleman at the station.
I'll drop you off at the station.
Who did you see at the station?
The man you met at the station is my father.
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
I called my mother up from the station.
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
It took only about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station by car.
It takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school.
It was a good five kilometers from the station to the school.
The office for disease control reported a 10 percent spread.
An epidemic has broken out.
Liquids are heavier than gases.
You can't see too well with these LCD displays.
A sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
The satellite is now in orbit.
Where is the sanitary section?
Some satellites have exploded or collided.
The satellite is in orbit around the moon.
Like knows like.
Who loves not women, wine and song remains a fool his whole life long.
No man is a hero to his valet.
The first man that succeed in swimming the Channel was Captain Webb.
Some English words derive from Japanese.
Do a composition exercise, please.
The best way to master English composition is to keep a diary in English.
What a big mistake you made in your English composition!
The English are a taciturn people.
England proper does not include Wales.
The English ambassador demanded to meet with the President directly.
Englishmen rarely talk to strangers in the train.
British people are used to standing in queues.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
Englishmen are the heirs of liberty.
An Englishman is an alien in the United States.
The English are generally a conservative people.
Englishmen are, on the whole, conservative.
The English are a great nation.
The English have adopted many words from French.
Some people say that English politeness is, at bottom, really fear.
As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
I hear it takes time to make friends with the English people.
Please behave like an English gentleman.
Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
Have you ever been to Britain?
Alfred, King of England, was a great scholar as well as a great ruler.
Many immigrants to Britain have come from Asia.
England established many colonies.
England expects that every man will do his duty.
Great Britain is no longer in control of world politics.
Britain is separated from the Continent by the Channel.
In 1971 the United Kingdom changed its currency to the decimal system.
English law prohibits children under 16 from buying cigarettes.
The South East region of England is densely populated.
Britain's currency crisis has turned into a political one over government failure to stop the pound from going into free-fall.
In the imperial measurement system, four quarts equals one gallon.
London, the capital of England, is on the Thames.
The English poet Percy Shelley went so far as to call hell a city much like London.
The English sovereign is generally said to reign but not rule.
The climate of England is not so mild as that of Japan, but in summer it is much cooler.
They have few earthquakes in England.
Unlike Great Britain, the Upper House in the United States is an elected body.
In England, Labor Day is in May.
The queen reigns, but does not rule in England.
In Great Britain the king reigns, but does not govern.
They drink a good deal of tea in England.
In Britain, the banks open at 9:00 in the morning.
The English team beat the Brazilian team in the international football tournament.
We will employ a man who can speak English.
You will be able to speak English.
Can you speak English?
Pay more attention to intonation when you speak English.
Speaking English is very difficult for me.
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
It is not difficult to speak English.
I found it easy to speak English.
You speak good English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
Developing his ability of speaking English, it seems, is his purpose of studying abroad.
Speaking English is not easy.
Speaking English is useful.
Speaking English is difficult.
Is it hard to speak English?
To speak English is not easy, but it is interesting.
To speak English is not easy.
Speaking English is a lot of fun.
She is above any of her classmates in speaking English.
Let's speak English.
That boy who is speaking English is taller than I.
Must I speak English?
Have you begun studying English?
Let's study English.
You had to study English.
I'm studying English.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
It is impossible to master English in a short time.
You ought to read English aloud.
English is difficult to learn.
What do you think is the best way to learn English?
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
To speak English well is difficult.
I can speak a little English.
You must exercise more care in writing English.
When he writes English, he often consults the dictionary.
When writing English, she rarely makes a mistake.
You should persist in your efforts to learn English.
It is not easy to master English.
It's hard to master English.
To master English is hard.
Teaching English is his profession.
I hear you are taking English lessons.
All students of English should have a good English-English dictionary at hand.
What's your purpose in studying English?
To study English is important for young people.
To study English is important for today's young people.
What is the best way to learn English?
What is the easiest way to learn English?
Students of English often mix up the words 'lie' and 'lay'.
Those who learn English cannot do without English dictionaries.
Learning English is hard work.
The best way to learn English is to go to America.
Learning English requires patience.
I don't think that there is any better way to learn English than by living in America.
Someone who knows English well must have written this.
Don't give up English.
I do not support the theory that one has to study Latin in order to understand English better.
English isn't easy to master.
To master English is difficult.
You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.
I've studied English for five years.
I cannot speak English, much less Spanish.
You must study English every day.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
English is studied in Japan.
English is difficult, isn't it?
English is a means of communication.
English is studied in China, too.
You have to study English step by step.
I like English so much, but sometimes it is very difficult for me.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is spoken by more people than any other language.
English has spread all over the country.
English is spoken in many countries around the world.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
English is studied all over the world.
English is used in every part of the world.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
English is the world's language.
English is as fine a means of communication as any in the world.
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.
English is useful in commerce.
English is not easy for us.
English is not my native language.
English is not easy for me.
English has become my favorite subject.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.
English has become an international language.
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
English is an international language.
He speaks German, not to mention English.
English is taught almost all over the world today.
The English language surrounds us like a sea.
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
English is easy to learn.
English is not difficult to learn.
Where is English spoken?
English is a kind of universal language.
The English language is cognate to the German language.
English is used by many people.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is taught in most countries.
English is not spoken here.
Is English spoken in Canada?
English is spoken in Canada.
English abounds in idioms.
English is a language abounding in idiomatic expressions.
English is spoken in America.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
We have English third period.
English, as you know, is very much a living language.
She surpasses me in English.
Having studied English, I studied math.
How are you getting along with your English study?
I'll get up your drive for English study.
When you're reading an English book, it isn't a great idea to look up every word you don't know.
In English, the usual sentence structure is Subject - Verb - Object/Complement.
Some English adverbs function as adjectives.
I still can't get the knack of English pronunciation.
I can't find any logic to English spelling. "Ghoti'' can be pronounced as 'fish'.
How many English words do you know?
When it comes to learning English words by heart, nobody can beat him.
English words are often borrowed by other languages.
A lot of English words are derived from Latin.
In addition to English, he can speak French.
"Why are you studying English so hard?" "To be an English teacher."
The future of English seems to be leading in three directions.
We listened to the teacher during the English lesson.
I don't like the new textbook for my English class; I prefer the original.
In English class, sometimes we sit in a circle to talk about a book we are reading.
Do you have an English dictionary?
Can you do without an English dictionary?
I was called on in English class.
We wish we didn't have to take a test in English.
The student, who failed in a test in English, was inspired by his friend's words.
In English examinations, she always gets good marks, not to say straight As.
If only we didn't have to take a test in English.
I keep a large dictionary close at hand when I read English magazines.
Some students like English, and others like physics.
I would like to be an English teacher.
You will derive great benefits from learning English.
In addition to English, he speaks German.
My mark for the English examination was close to the average mark of the class.
Did you ever make a speech in English?
Are you going to take part in the English speech contest?
The English alphabet has 26 letters.
Try to speak English as often as possible if you want to improve your English.
He is proficient in English.
As far as English is concerned, nobody can beat me.
Many English words are derived from Latin.
It is estimated that there are over half a million words in English.
Some English words have two spellings - "gray" and "grey", for example.
Which do you like better, English or music?
English cannot be mastered overnight.
It is fun to speak in English.
Let's speak in English.
I spoke to him in English and found I could make myself understood.
No one can match him in English.
Answer in English.
Must I answer in English?
Written in English, this book is easy for me to read.
You should read books written in English.
Do you have a book written in English?
It was not so simple to write a letter in English.
It is difficult to express one's thoughts in English.
I couldn't make myself understood in English.
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
We were allowed to speak either in English or in Japanese.
As far as English is concerned, she is second to none in her class.
In English the verb precedes the object.
In the English language many words contain letters which are not pronounced.
I can't express myself in English very well.
What do you call this bird in English?
Yamada is second to none in English in his class.
He is second to none in English in his class.
Say it in English.
What do you call this insect in English?
If only I could speak English!
I wish I could speak English.
It would be a great convenience if English were to become everybody's major language.
Some are good at English, and others are good at mathematics.
There is no denying that English is the most widely spoken language in the world.
Try to improve your English.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
Proficient in English, he is looked on as a good teacher.
My poor English cost me my job.
I like English best.
He can speak either English or French.
However, it is good if one can speak English well.
If you want to be fluent in English, you've got to keep at it.
I'd like to master English.
The swimmer, Cindy Nicholas, barely made it ashore at Dover at the end of the exhausting swim, but a spokesman from the Channel Swimming Association announced that she was in very good shape.
How I wish I could swim.
I wish I could swim.
Do you swim very fast, too?
It's warm enough to swim.
It's much too cold to swim.
I find swimming fun.
It is easy for me to swim.
It is easy to swim.
Swimming is fun for me.
The swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath.
It's a cinch to learn to swim.
How about going for a swim?
Is it hot enough to go swimming?
How about going swimming?
Do you feel like going swimming?
I should like to go for a swim.
If you'd like to continue to improve your swimming, just keep on practicing every day.
Swimming across the lake almost finished me.
You may swim.
The swimmers were numb with cold.
The swimming boy is my brother.
Years of hardship had not caused him to lose his faith.
Thanks to Mr Nagata.
They did not have permanent homes, so they did not plant crops for food.
Permanent peace is nothing but an illusion.
I will remember your kindness for good.
I'm forever lost, can't you see? I'm in a bind!
I will love you always.
I'll be with you forever.
You have to eat nutritious foods.
Good nutrition is vital for an infant's growth.
I had a sustaining breakfast.
You can't eat it just because it is nutritious.
A man's life has its ups and downs.
The image is out of focus.
Movie making is an exciting job.
Would you like to go to a movie?
Smoking is not permitted in the cinema.
There were already a lot of people waiting in a line in front of the movie theater.
I was at a movie theater.
I was angry about missing that film at the cinema.
I take a fancy to seeing movies.
Watching movies is very interesting.
What do you say to going to the movies?
How about going to the movie?
I adore going to the cinema.
I like going to the movies.
How about going to the movies?
Don't you feel like going to the movies?
I'd like to go to the movies.
Would you like to take in a movie?
It's not like you to cry at movies.
After seeing the movie, I was impressed.
Was the movie good?
Did you enjoy the movies?
Do you like movies?
The movie is now showing at a theater near you.
Did you enjoy the film?
When does the movie start?
Has the movie started yet?
The movie got more and more exciting, until at length, people were sitting on the edge of their chairs.
All the films are boring.
The movie was so sad that everybody cried.
The show was so boring that Ann and I fell asleep.
How did you enjoy the movie?
Movies often come to a happy end.
The movie starts at ten o'clock.
The movie was interesting, as I had expected.
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
Some of the movies are exciting.
He began to tremble during the movie.
I would have liked to see the ending of the film, but I had to leave the theater.
After the movie they fall asleep.
I can't see the movie.
I'd like to set it to the movie channel.
That's something like a movie scenario.
Could you take me to the cinema?
Why not go to the movies?
How about going to a movie?
Which would you rather do, go to the cinema or stay at home?
You're going to a movie?
I'm going to go to the movies.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies.
I don't feel like going to the movies. Let's take a walk instead.
If you go to the movies, take your sister with you.
Let's stop off and see a movie.
The movie is popular among the youngsters.
The movie starts.
The movie was so dull that the audience left one by one.
The movie "Fight Club" has a surprise ending.
The dinosaurs in the film "Jurassic Park" were true to life.
I was taken aback at the shadow.
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
You shouldn't talk about Jack behind his back.
Say it to his face, not behind his back.
Our sales performance is just skyrocketing.
What hours is it open?
Our store hours are from 10 to 7.
What are the business hours?
We need to reorganize it in order to strengthen our business activities.
Please send your sales reps to this new account.
I talked with our sales people.
Mt. Unzen is such a nice place that many people visit there.
Since it's cloudy with a chance of rain today, we shouldn't go surfing.
The situation is growing serious.
The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
A beam of sunlight came through the clouds.
Not a cloud was to be seen.
What you are saying doesn't make sense.
Today the sky is a cloudless blue.
The clouds were driven away by the wind.
Clouds are flying across the sky.
You can see the sun peeking through the clouds.
The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
The clouds hung low.
The clouds are rolling away.
The clouds hid the sun.
The clouds are breaking.
The clouds cleared up and let the sun shine.
A cloud passed across the moon.
Clouds sail across the sky.
A cloud floated across the sky.
Clouds cast a shadow blacker than the night.
If there were no clouds, we could not enjoy the sun.
The clouds are getting darker.
The clouds are getting darker; it's going to rain.
By good luck, he was in time for the train.
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
Luckily, he found a good seat.
Destiny is sometimes cruel.
It is no use quarreling with fate.
I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate.
I have little appetite due to lack of exercise.
My muscular strength has weakened from lack of exercise.
Lack of exercise may harm your health.
Athletes usually abstain from smoking.
An athlete must keep in good condition.
The athletic meet was put off until next week.
The athletes trained hard every day to be at their best for the Summer Olympics.
The athletic meeting was put off.
The athletic meet was postponed due to rain.
The athletic meet took place on October 15.
The athletic meeting will be put off.
What with having no exercise and being overweight, he had a heart attack.
Exercise makes your body strong.
Exercise is vital for a dog.
Exercise, if carried to excess, will do you more harm than good.
Exercise is good for your health.
Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
You should rest after exercise.
I ache all over after the exercises.
It is good for you to take exercise.
You will be more vigorous if you exercise.
Too much exercise can do more harm than good.
When you exercise your heart beats faster.
Can I do exercises?
Let's do some exercise to work up an appetite.
You should do exercise.
It is refreshing to take a shower after exercising.
We tend to forget that exercise is a key to good health.
Exercise trains the muscles.
Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
I hear you had your driver's license canceled.
Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
Do you have a driver's license?
May I see your driver's license, sir?
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
Don't speak to him while he is driving.
When you are driving, you should make way for ambulances.
Passengers shall not converse with the driver while the bus is in motion.
Fasten your seat belts while you are driving.
Don't speak to the driver while he is driving.
Not being watchful, the driver failed to stop in time.
The driver could not distinguish the signal in the fog.
The driver tipped his cap.
The driver gestured him out.
"Well, I guess I'm going to get a driver's license," he answered.
The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
The driver accelerated his car.
A driver was sleeping in the car.
The driver told us which bus we should take.
A driver is deeply attached to his old car.
The driver felt like taking a rest.
The driver was thrown from his seat head over heels.
Drivers should wear seat belts.
The driver turned the wheel to the right.
The driver increased his speed.
The driver asked me which way to go.
The chauffeur will be on duty after 3 o'clock.
The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
The job of a driver is harder than it looks.
The drivers began arguing about who was to blame for the accident.
The car crashed because the driver was careless.
The driver ignored the stoplight.
Drivers have to attend to the traffic signal.
The driver maintained a high speed.
Drivers must observe the traffic rules.
The driver advised us to fasten our seat belts.
The rules drivers should keep are as follows.
It was obvious that the driver had not been careful enough.
I got my driver's license on the second time I tried to pass the driver's test.
The motorman slowed down the train.
You should obey the traffic laws when you drive.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
You cannot be too careful when you drive.
You have to look out for other cars when you drive.
You're too drunk to drive.
Fasten your seat belt when you drive.
You are not to speak to the man at the wheel.
You should concentrate on the road when you're driving.
The driver was so fortunate as to escape death.
Take your chance, and do it.
The fare is one dollar each way.
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.
Allan was lucky and passed the tax accountant examination.
As good luck would have it, a steamer passed by and they were saved.
Bring as many boxes as you can carry.
He was among those chosen.
Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
I am happy about your good luck.
Luck turned in my favor.
It's a godsend.
Oh, I'm just going to take it easy.
I have no time to engage in gossip.
The media got wind of a rumor about his engagement and came quickly.
Speak of angels and you hear their wings.
Speak of the devil, here comes Kathy.
The rumor is not true as far as I know.
The rumor turned out false.
The rumor turned out true.
The rumor soon went about.
Rumor says that she is a pickpocket.
There are rumors in the air.
The scuttlebutt is they're going to Australia.
Lying and stealing live next door to each other.
It is wrong to tell a lie.
I was made out to be a liar.
It is wrong to tell lies.
To tell a lie is wrong.
If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe your words.
You are lying.
Please forgive me for telling a lie.
His lie weighed on his conscience.
The end justifies the means.
Never tell a lie!
He's above telling a lie.
You're always lying- that's why people don't take you seriously. You get what you deserve.
He was angry at the suggestion that he was dishonest.
No kidding!?
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
He was looking for it like a hunting dog.
We should lay on a second coat of paint for better protection against the weather.
Although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface, over half the world's wild plant, animal and insect species live there.
An absence of rain caused wild plants to die.
In case of rain, the athletic meeting will be called off.
Telephone me if it rains.
After rain comes fair weather.
The rain-water runs off through this pipe.
It is cool after the rain.
The leaves are fresh after a rainfall.
Let's get out of the rain.
Do you go to school by bus on a rainy day?
It's a rainy day.
It's a rainy day, so we can't play outside.
Cheap apartment houses are multiplying rapidly.
Do you have rain gear with you?
It seems that the rainy season has set in.
The rainy season has set in.
The rainy season begins in June.
There is no telling when the rainy season will be over.
It feels like rain.
It looks rainy.
What with the rain and a bad hotel, we didn't enjoy our holiday much.
The rain lasted through the night.
The rain came down in earnest.
The rain soaked through my clothes.
The rain is coming down in earnest.
The rain had a good effect on the farm crops.
It was raining all day long without intermission.
It rained nonstop.
It has stopped raining.
The rain changed into snow.
The rain lasted four days.
I don't think it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case.
In spite of the rain, we enjoyed our holiday.
It will stop raining soon.
It rained heavily.
The rain never let up all night.
The rain lasted a week.
Though it stopped raining, the wind was still blowing hard.
The rain shows no sign of stopping.
Instead of stopping, the rain increased.
The rain hasn't stopped yet, has it?
Has it stopped raining yet?
The rain's letting up soon.
It is raining all the time.
The rain has lasted for the past two days.
When did it begin to rain?
The rain lasted five days.
The rain fell even harder.
The rain continued all day.
Does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops?
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
Rainy days make me depressed.
The best bet on a rainy day is to remain indoors.
How will they amuse the children on a wet afternoon?
Don't you find it unpleasant walking in the rain?
I like to walk in the rain.
I would rather stay at home than go out in the rain.
He caught a chill because he went out in the rain.
Standing in the rain brought on a bad cold.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
I feel like singing in the rain.
In case it rains, I won't go.
In the event of rain, the game will not be held.
Take your coat in case it rains.
After the rain, the sun emerged from the clouds.
We had to call off the baseball game because of the rain.
The rain compelled the water to run over the banks.
The rain prevented me from going.
Because of rain, I could not go out.
The rain kept us from going out.
The rain prevented me from coming.
Because of the rain they had to cancel the game.
The rain damped their spirits.
We had to call off the game because of rain.
We called off the game on account of rain.
The rain prevented us from playing baseball.
I stayed home because of the rain.
The rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis.
We had to call off the game because of the rain.
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.
Owing to the rain, the athletic meeting was put off.
The picnic was put off on account of rain.
The game was called off on account of the rain.
The rain prevented us from playing tennis outside.
The baseball game was called off due to rain.
The baseball game was drawn because of the rain.
The rain prevented him from coming here.
The rain prevented the boys from playing baseball on the playground.
Because of the rain, the audience at the concert was small.
The rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic.
The rain kept the baseball team idle yesterday.
The rain made it impossible for me to drive fast.
The garden was destroyed after the rain.
After the rain, there were puddles on the street.
Wind accompanied the rain.
Stay out of the rain.
Take this umbrella with you lest you should get wet and catch cold.
I was caught in the rain and got wet.
The paint is peeling off the weather-beaten wall.
I was caught in the rain.
Strong winds accompanied the rain.
We are in for rain.
Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
We played golf in spite of the rain.
He went out in spite of the rain.
He started in spite of the rain.
The children went to school in spite of the rain.
In spite of the rain, the game was not cancelled.
In spite of the rain, I went out.
I get caught in the rain, I'm late for my date, and I lose my pocketbook. It's just one thing after another today.
I don't suppose it's going to rain.
The rain was preceded by wind.
They say we're going to get rain!
It looks like rain.
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
I'm afraid it's going to rain.
It looks like rain. We had better shut the windows.
I discouraged him from going swimming as it was likely to rain.
It looks like rain. You had better take an umbrella with you.
I'm afraid it will be rainy.
I was caught in the rain and got soaked to the skin.
The beautiful scene of a lake was not able to be enjoyed because of rain and fog.
The rain laid the dust.
It was a week of alternate snow and rain.
The leaves look fresh in the rain.
The rainy weather prevented her from working in the garden.
I was late because of the rain.
The rain prevented me from going out.
The rain discouraged us from going out.
The rain set our plans back two weeks.
The rain kept the fire from spreading.
The rain necessitated a postponement of the picnic.
The rain spoiled our picnic.
You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
Whether it will rain or not, the game is going to be held.
It being rainy, I could not go out.
It being rainy, I stayed home.
Because of rain, we couldn't go to the beach.
It began raining in earnest.
It began to rain cats and dogs.
The rain came down in buckets.
Down came the rain in torrents.
Wet and stormy areas will get wetter and stormier.
The rain whipped against the window.
The rain is beating against the window.
The rain is beating against the windows.
The rain was beating hard against the windowpane.
The rain began to turn into snow.
The rain changed to snow.
We had hoped that the rain would stop before noon.
When the rain stopped, the game of tennis was continued immediately.
When the weather had cleared, the children began to play baseball again.
After the rain had let up a bit, we made a dash for the car.
The rains entered a lull.
The rain penetrated my raincoat.
I wish it would stop raining.
At any rate, I can go out when it stops raining.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
With the rain having stopped, the game began again.
Hardly had the rain stopped when the ground began to freeze.
No sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
We won't go out unless it stops raining.
It rained for three days on end.
It doesn't matter whether it rains or shines.
Whether it rains or not, I won't change my plan.
I'll be there rain or shine.
Whether it rains or not, Fujita is planning to have a picnic.
When it rains, it pours.
He won't come if it rains.
If it rains, the game will be put off.
I'll stay if it rains.
If it rains, the game will be canceled.
The rain will revive this tree.
I'll take in the washing before it rains.
When it rains, the buses are late more often than not.
It threatens to rain.
We prayed for rain.
I have a hunch that it will rain.
It's raining, so we should go home.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
When it rains, she feels blue.
When it rains, she takes the bus.
Our streets flood when we have rain.
Did the newspaper say it was going to rain?
I am afraid it will be rainy.
Take your umbrella with you in case it rains.
I took my umbrella for fear of rain.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
Don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains.
Since it is bad when it rains, when you come out of the room, please shut the window.
You'd better take your umbrella, just in case it rains.
I took my umbrella lest it rain.
I took an umbrella in case it should rain.
I think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains.
Take an umbrella with you in case it should rain.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
Remember to take your umbrella, in case it rains.
Is it going to rain?
He observed that we should probably have rain.
We thought it would rain; nevertheless, we started on our trip.
I said it might rain.
It may rain, and then again, it may not.
It may rain, but I will go today anyhow.
It's been raining since last night.
It may rain.
We had better start before it begins to rain.
She took in the washing when it started to rain.
Take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain.
It was yesterday evening when it began to rain.
We had not gone so far when it started to rain.
It's beginning to rain. Please share my umbrella.
It began to rain, so he need not have watered the lawn.
It is going to rain.
It has ceased raining.
Let's go back before it begins to rain.
As it began to rain, I ran into my house.
When it began to rain, she told her son to take in the washing.
The rain began to fall.
It began to rain and she got wet.
I am afraid that it will rain.
What were you doing when it began to rain?
I think it's going to rain.
It is likely to rain.
It looks like rain. You had better take in the washing.
It's going to rain. Look at those dark clouds.
Unless it rains, I will go, too.
But for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
The flowers in the garden died from the absence of rain.
Absence of rain caused the plants to die.
Unless it rains, the game will be held on Sunday.
The festival will be held in the garden, unless it rains.
It was raining and the game was called off.
Rain doesn't depress people who like reading.
The rain didn't stop them from doing their job.
I took shelter under my friend's umbrella.
It was raining, and Joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
I don't like to go outside when it's raining.
Avoid crossing this street when it is raining.
Seeing that it is raining, you had better stay home.
It will get dark earlier this evening, as it is raining.
It's raining, but I would like to go out.
It's raining. You might just as well stay home.
If it were not raining, I would go fishing.
It has been raining. The roads are wet.
If it is raining, I won't go out tonight.
I stayed indoors because it rained.
Since it was raining, I took a taxi.
Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining.
The weather being rainy, the baseball game was cancelled.
I took a taxi because it was raining.
It was all the more depressing because it was raining.
Though it was raining, she went out.
Although it rained, everyone had a good time.
Though it was raining, we played football.
I didn't stay home because it was raining.
It was raining.
It was raining, but he went out.
The rain made the autumn day dismal.
Plants grow quickly after rain.
I always wear boots when it rains or snows.
It has been raining off and on.
If it rains, we will put off our practice match.
The game was called off because it rained.
Since it was raining, we stayed at home.
The rain compelled us to put off the gathering.
Few were at the seaside because it was raining.
They stayed at home, because it rained.
Since it rained, we did not go on a picnic.
The picnic was held in the gym on account of the rain.
They went on a hike, though it rained.
Since it rained, I did not go.
The rain was beating against the windows.
The rain was driving against the windows.
A heavy rain began to fall.
It's raining hard and yet I must go.
It was raining hard, but she insisted on going for a drive.
In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
It rained heavily, and consequently the baseball game was called off.
It is raining hard.
Rain formed pools in the hollow spaces on the rocks.
The rain was driving in our faces.
The rain was dripping through a leak in the roof.
Rain dripped off the roof slowly.
She advised us that it would rain all day.
The sky lightened as it stopped raining.
I wish the rain would stop.
If only the rain would stop.
It left off raining and we managed to finish our game of tennis.
Let's play baseball when the rain stops.
I may go out if the rain lets up.
Since it stopped raining, he went out for a walk.
The rain being over, they went on with the game.
Scarcely had the rain stopped before a rainbow appeared.
If only it would stop raining!
Wait till the rain stops.
Let's wait for the rain to stop.
We shall leave for home as soon as it stops raining.
If only the rain would stop!
The rain was falling in my face.
It is raining worse than ever.
It began to rain in earnest.
He closed the window for fear of rain.
Let's go out unless it rains.
It was raining hard, so we played indoors.
It is raining heavily.
It was raining hard, and what is worse, the wind began to rise.
It rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time.
It began to sprinkle.
It was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure.
The rain just stopped, so let's leave.
The wild and windy night that the rain washed away.
I only hope that the rain holds off for a few hours more.
The rain is raining all around.
When the rain stops, we'll go for a walk.
It rained five days on end.
The rain lasted three days.
It has been raining a full five days.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
Let's get home before this rain gets any stronger.
Feathers are peculiar to birds.
A crow is as black as coal.
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
It won't be long before we can enjoy space travel.
The time will come and in it we can enjoy space travel.
Space travel was thought to be impossible.
Space travel is no longer a dream.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
I wonder what it is like to travel through space.
The astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd.
The astronauts were greeted with spontaneous applause.
The astronauts went up to the moon in a rocket.
The astronauts were greeted by their enthusiastic cheers and applause.
People were delighted at the safe return of the astronauts.
The spaceship is out of orbit around the moon.
The space ship will get to the moon soon.
The spaceship made a perfect landing.
A voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream.
If it is seen from a spaceship, the earth looks blue.
Seen from a spacecraft, the earth looks blue.
There is no air in space.
Space science is still in its infancy.
The time has come when we can travel through space.
Space is full of mystery.
The use of space must be limited to non-military purposes, as far as Japan's involvement is concerned.
What is the origin of the universe?
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
I am seeking the path to the end of the universe.
I am invited to the end of the universe.
There are countless heavenly bodies in space.
There are innumerable stars in the universe.
There is no limit to the universe.
There are millions of stars in the universe.
There are many galaxies in the universe.
Seen from space, the earth is very beautiful.
I can't stretch my right arm.
I can't lift my right arm.
I think my right arm is broken.
I can't bend my right arm.
I'm afraid I dislocated my right arm.
I'm afraid I have a crack in my right arm.
I can't see anything with my right eye.
My right eye feels hot.
Something has happened to my right eye.
My right foot is sleeping.
You should keep to the right.
The building on the right side is a school.
Don't bite on the right side.
Turn to the right, and you'll find my office.
My upper right wisdom tooth hurts.
Raise your right hand.
I could see the rippling waves on my right.
You can see the sea on your right.
My right hand is numb.
Pus is coming out of my right ear.
I have a corn on my right foot.
Turn to the right.
Lie on your right side.
Turning to the right, you will find the city hall in front of you.
Turning to the right, you will find the hospital.
Turning to the right, you will see a white tower.
There's a pea in my right nostril.
Take the road on the right.
Take the right road.
Roll up your right sleeve.
You have your right sock on wrong side out.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
Turning to the right, you will come to the museum.
Turning right, you'll find the hospital on your left.
Turn to the right, and you'll find the hotel.
Right and left are opposites.
Always give way to traffic coming from the right.
OK, now turn to your right, a little further, a little further... good. Now lie still on your back.
The hermit lived in a wooden hut.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
Don't hold back anything.
You are a snake!
Nobody likes being spoken ill of behind his back.
Don't speak badly of him in his absence.
You should not speak ill of others behind their backs.
You should not speak of others behind their backs.
Don't speak ill of others behind their back.
You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
Acid rain in drinking water affects human health.
Would you care for a drink?
Is there a drink minimum?
Drinking and driving can be dangerous.
Driving after drinking alcohol is not acceptable behavior.
If you're drunk don't take the wheel of a car.
The more you drink, the less careful you will be.
I'll explain how to take this medicine.
I would like to order drinks now.
Help yourself to a drink.
May I offer you a drink?
I'll fix a drink.
Will you give me a drink?
Are drinks free?
The drinks looked cool and delicious.
The drinks were served in coconut shells.
Please help yourselves to the drinks.
I'm going to make a drink.
Mr. Mitsubishi is drinking at home to save his drinking money.
Let's get you fixed up with a drink.
Each individual paid 7000 dollars.
Have a good supply of drinking water.
He doesn't care, provided he has enough to eat and drink.
One can drink too much, but one never drinks enough.
Too much drinking will make your life a ruin.
The room started to spin after I drank too much.
I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet.
I drank too much. My face is swollen!
I got along so well with the guy sitting next to me at the pub that we ended up drinking together till dawn.
You will ruin your health if you drink too much.
Don't risk your health by over drinking.
Too much alcohol may result in gastric disease.
I was made to drink.
Gravity acts on everything in the universe.
Gravity causes objects to have weight.
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
Gravity binds the planets to the sun.
Without gravity we would be hurled off into space.
When I retire, I'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
The drawer won't open.
Empty the drawer of its contents.
We're going to pull it.
Can you help me when I move?
Could you help me when I move?
She didn't like this city when she moved here, but she has gotten used to it now.
You have to pull that door to open it.
Let's turn back.
I will continue with my efforts.
We appreciate your continued support.
When will they have that picture ready that I wanted to get blown up?
Give me a hoist.
The drawer is stuffed full of odds and ends.
The lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
It is no use your holding me back.
May I see your claim tags?
Don't pull it. Push it open.
I persuaded him to give up the idea.
When was printing invented?
Mistakes in the printing should be pointed out at once.
Many typographical errors were found.
Printing ink is in short supply.
Lightning precedes thunder.
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.
Lightning can be dangerous.
Lightning is an electrical phenomenon.
Lightning lit up the room every now and then.
The dog hid under the bed whenever lightning flashed.
After the lightning, came the thunder.
The lightning flashed.
The flash of lightning precedes the sound of thunder.
Rice is grown in rainy regions.
A festival is held at the rice harvest.
The rice crop is already in.
Ichiro puts friendship above profit.
Ichiro will go to Nagoya for the first time.
The chain of crimes are thought to have been committed by the same man.
A series of blasts reduced the laboratory to ruins.
A chain of events led to the outbreak of the war.
A row of old houses is being destroyed to make way for new flats.
Please line up in a row.
The first baseman tagged the runner out.
An illustration may make the point clear.
A unicycle has only one wheel.
He added that he was coming up to town in a day or two.
I'll let you know in a day or so.
I'll give you an answer in a day or two.
Please book me a room in a first-class hotel.
That's a class act.
I delivered identical twins.
I suppose I'll be in trouble if I don't stay up all night to cram for the examination.
At a glance, he knew that the child was hungry.
At a glance I knew that he was tired.
I recognized Mr Jones at first glance.
She attracted me at first sight.
I recognized her at first glance.
I observed that he was wearing his Sunday best that morning.
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?
Can you break a 10,000 yen bill?
An arrow passed through the hawk.
He took out a piece of chalk.
A tall tree projects its long shadow on the water.
One is tall and the other is short.
I know one of them but not the other.
One is red and the other is white.
One book is thin. The other is thick. The thick one has about 200 pages.
What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
On the one hand he is kind to everyone, but on the other hand he never behaves with too much familiarity.
On one hand he praised my report, but on the other hand he criticized it.
On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss, but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
On one hand he is kind, but on the other hand he is lazy.
On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.
Americans, on the other hand, are more likely to take chances in the hope of achieving great success.
The first step is as good as half over.
One step further, and you will fall into an abyss.
You must learn step by step.
If you move a step, and you will be a dead man.
Move a step, and you'll be a dead man!
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Penny-wise and pound-foolish.
A minute has sixty seconds.
What do you say to taking a rest?
How about a smoke?
I feel quite refreshed after taking a bath.
Give me chapter and verse.
I partly agree with you.
Some hospitals hand out free samples of baby milk.
Some college teachers come to class late and leave early.
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
Some people believe that Japan is No.1 in everything.
Some newspapers distorted the news.
Some Blacks seek more radical solutions.
A second is a sixtieth part of a minute.
A cat ran across the street.
One dog and two people are jumping.
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
I walked quickly so that I might catch the first train.
The best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it.
Charles always takes the line of least resistance.
The youngest boy dropped behind the other hikers.
The greatest number came from Europe, but many also came from Latin America, Asia, Africa, Australia, and Canada.
The boy who writes best wins the prize.
The eldest sister acted for the mother.
Which is the hottest of all the seasons?
I always read the sports page first.
How much is the most expensive car?
The most expensive thing is land.
Where is the nearest telephone box?
Where's the nearest travel agency?
Where's the nearest drugstore?
Where's the nearest museum?
Can you tell me where the nearest zoo is?
Where's the nearest library?
Can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is?
Where is the nearest bank?
Can you tell me where the nearest church is?
Where's the nearest church?
Can you tell me where the nearest courtesy phone is?
Where's the nearest art gallery?
Where is the nearest lost and found?
Can you tell me where the nearest hotel service phone is?
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
Where's the nearest department store?
Where's the nearest shopping mall?
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?
Where is nearest American Express office?
Do you know where the nearest American Express office is?
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
What time are you the happiest?
I was beside myself with jealousy when my youngest sister rose in the world.
My youngest brother was brought up by our grandmother.
The youngest child spent every morning at a nursery.
The rightmost lane is now under construction.
I'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
It's always cheaper in the end to buy the best.
What is most troublesome is the corruption of the best.
The best thing is to telephone her.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourself.
You can hear English on Channel 1, and Japanese on Channel 7.
You will feel better after a night's sleep.
We can accommodate him for the night.
I'll fix you up for the night.
It was blowing hard all night.
We would often sit up all night discussing politics.
I was roaming over the mountains all through the night.
I felt cold and uneasy all night.
It was raining on and off all night long.
After drinking all night, Bob was dead to the world.
The clothes soaked in water overnight were heavy.
Will you put us up for one night?
I wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
I read the whole book in one evening.
He looked refreshed after a good night's sleep.
General admission is $7 for adults.
In general, little girls are fond of dolls.
Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular overseas.
Generally speaking, the weather was mild last year.
Generally speaking, savings are increasing.
Generally speaking, the climate in England is mild.
Generally speaking, children like to play outdoors.
Generally speaking, high school students study harder than college students.
Generally speaking, there is little rain here in June.
The people in this town, generally speaking, are kind to visitors.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
Generally speaking, orchestra conductors wear tailcoats at concerts.
Generally speaking, a waiter in Japan gives good service.
Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
Generally speaking, men are taller than women.
Generally speaking, a woman will live longer than a man.
Generally speaking, Westerners don't eat fish raw.
Generally speaking, little girls are fond of dolls.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men by almost ten years.
Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
Generally speaking, the Japanese are hard workers.
Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
Admittedly, models of hegemonic order cannot provide an explanation for all observed successful bargaining strategies.
The English people in general, are extremely fond of their pets.
Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
Generally speaking, boys like girls with long hair.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
Generally speaking, the young people of today are clever.
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.
Generally speaking, the Englishman is not curious about others.
The people at large are against war.
The public is the best judge.
The public at large are dissatisfied with the present government.
The public is entitled to information about how public money is spent.
In order to elude her eager public, the movie star checked into the hotel under a false name.
The general feeling is that it's wrong.
Does he have general common sense?
The general opinion is against the war.
The people at large were against the war.
The people at large are hoping for great changes in the light of the present situation.
In general, Japanese are hardworking.
The Japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be.
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
People in general are against the new law.
In general, young people dislike formality.
The weather this week has been good on the whole.
In general, young people today are not interested in politics.
In general, it may be said that he is a genius in music.
In general, communication between doctors and their patients is the most important part of medical treatment.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
We'd like a deposit for one night.
What's the daily rate?
Would you join me in a drink?
I wouldn't mind a drink.
I feel like a drink.
I feel like having a drink.
Please give me a cup of milk.
A cup of coffee cleared my head.
How about a drink?
Can I buy you a drink?
Give me a shot.
I'll buy you a drink.
Let me buy you a drink.
Want a drink?
After a year's practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
I'm going to give you a year's worth of allowance all at once.
They have much rain all the year round.
It's the best season of the year.
It was the same all year round.
I was here about a year ago.
Who said you can swagger around like that just because you're one year ahead of me?
No one can determine the amount of money we waste in a year.
It is impossible to master English in a year or so.
The first month of the year is January.
New Year's Day is the key to the year.
We have a lot of snow at this time of the year.
There are four seasons in a year.
Can you pay off your loans in a year?
I only missed one day of work because of a cold and my desk is piled high with papers.
I'm worn out, because I've been standing all day.
You can't stay in here all day.
I walked around all day, and I am all in.
Having worked on the farm all day long, he was completely tired out.
There is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day's work.
It rained heavily all day, during which time I stayed indoors.
After waiting all day, the workers were still looking for a break in the weather so they could resume the search.
It was fine all day.
We are worn out, because we have been uniting all day.
We enjoyed ourselves at the seaside all day.
It is not good for your health to shut yourself in all day.
She hears English all through the day.
It rained continuously all day.
It rained hard all day.
I had to stay in bed all day.
It can't be good sitting in the sun all day.
I sit in front of a computer screen all day, so I get pretty heavily bombarded by electro-magnetic waves.
Do not stay away from English, even for a day.
Any goods can be supplied at a day's notice.
I couldn't wait to get my hands on one of those iBooks and now I got one as a present. I feel so lucky!
Take this medicine three times a day.
Do you mind if I take a day off?
Can you get a day off?
It is getting colder and colder day by day.
Every day of thy life is a page in thy history.
I always feel good after I do my good deed for the day.
After a hard day's work, a man can do with a good, hot meal.
A shit a day keeps the doctor away.
The length of a day or a year varies but little.
A day has twenty-four hours.
The day is almost over.
I spent the best part of the day in reading.
At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
Do you offer any all-day tours?
In no country other than England, it has been said, can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day.
You should brush your teeth at least twice a day.
We have six lessons a day.
It is difficult to walk 60 kilometers a day.
Hardly a day passes that I don't think of you.
It is next to impossible for you to finish the work in a day.
I find it difficult to do all this work in a day.
I've spent $500 a day.
Not even a day can we live without water.
I want to be quiet after a day's hard work.
I think it's going to be a nice day.
We'll finish it if it takes us all day.
We can make a day of it.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire.
No sooner had we finished working on one tough problem than the president sent us yet another straight from the top.
On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
The first prize may be won by him.
I know that if we discuss it, we can find a solution that will satisfy both of us.
Once you have made a promise, you should keep it.
A stone once cast, and a word once spoken, cannot be recalled.
I remember seeing her once on the street.
I'd like to have a good talk with her.
Please try one.
Once across the river, you are safe.
Once a habit has been acquired, it has almost compulsive power over us.
Once lost, time cannot be recalled.
It is not too much to say that time once lost can never be recovered.
Once gone, you will never get it back.
Once we've killed, we enjoy killing.
Once you have decided to do something, stick to it.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
Are you sure you've never met him?
I haven't met him even once.
Don't attempt two things at a time.
Don't attempt two projects at a time.
Don't try to do two things at a time.
I can't do two things at a time.
Learn a little at a time.
Take three at a time.
How many books can I take out at one time?
Do one thing at a time.
You can't just do one thing at a time.
Try to do one thing at a time.
You must not eat too much food at one time.
Too many irons in the fire result in bad workmanship.
I think I try to do too much at a time.
I cannot answer so many questions at a time.
When one has too many irons in the fire, he doesn't know where to start working.
We can prepare to offer you a special discount of 5% for the STL#3456, on condition that you place an order for more than 15 at one time.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.
I wish for once I could be something.
What's done cannot be undone.
Once you leave here, you can't come back again.
Please return one set to us with your signature.
Rome was not built in a day.
Let's close ranks and do something new.
A group of gangsters stole money.
A car passed by at top speed.
A car drew up in front of my house.
What is he mad at, I wonder?
Can his story be true?
Who ever can it be?
What on earth is the problem?
Who's going to clear up all this mess?
Whoever told you such a ridiculous story?
What on earth are you doing here?
Why on earth are you here?
How in the world did you do it?
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?
What on earth is the matter?
Whatever is that noise?
What on earth are you doing in my room?
Why on earth did you sell your newly built house?
What the hell are you going to do with it?
What in the world are you getting at?
Can you speak English at all?
What was it that you gave him?
What the devil are you doing?
I don't know what kind of creature is making such a terrible noise outside tonight.
Where on earth did you meet him?
How in the world did you do such a thing?
How on earth did you know that?
How on earth can we restore our youth?
What's the big idea?
Who's gone and messed up my list of names?
Can the report be true?
Can the rumor be true?
What ever do you want with me?
What on earth are you doing?
Only one stack had a real bill on top.
Let's take a break.
To kill two birds with one stone.
Is it about ten million yen?
At one time, people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations, restaurants, or hospital waiting rooms.
Don't risk putting everything in one boat.
There was a ship sailing on the sea.
If you work hard, you'll pass your exam.
He said to me, "Study hard, and you will pass the test."
Whoever studies hard cannot fail to succeed.
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
It will pay you to study hard.
Work hard, or you'll have to take the same course again next year.
Study hard, and you'll succeed.
Work hard, and you will pass the examination.
Study hard, or you'll fail the exam.
Work hard, or you will fail the examination.
He said to me, 'Study hard, or you won't pass the test.'
If you don't study hard, you'll continue to get poor scores.
If he had not worked hard, he would have failed the examination.
Hard work enabled him to get good marks.
There's a fortune in the making for any hard worker.
Those who work hard will succeed.
You can make your dream come true by working hard.
Work hard, and you will succeed.
Work hard, and your salary will be raised by degrees.
You won't succeed unless you work hard.
Nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work.
He must be tired after such hard work.
He remained poor despite being a hard worker.
He worked hard.
After much effort, he ended up with a contract.
I ran and ran, but missed the train.
I ran as fast as I could.
I know you worked very hard on it, but still I'm not satisfied with your report.
With great effort she managed to fold one more.
What are you doing so hard?
If he tries hard, he will succeed.
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.
If he tried hard, he would succeed.
You cannot make a good mark without working hard.
I decided that I was going to work as hard as I can.
I mean to fight hard.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
It is good to keep studying all your life.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
Youth comes but once in life.
This is the most embarrassing moment of my life.
That might be the most painful experience in my life.
You'll be able to speak English better if you practice hard.
If you try very hard, you will succeed.
I'd been cheated out of my life savings!
I think it is my business to study hard.
I'll get even with you, if it takes me the rest of my life.
Only after a century and a half of confusion was the royal authority restored.
Who can read the future?
The worm turns.
A gust of wind swelled the sails.
Nothing is so pleasant as traveling alone.
My parents objected to my traveling alone, saying it would be dangerous.
I began living by myself.
Living on my own, I really miss my mom's cooking.
It was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son.
Left alone, the baby began to cry.
One murder makes a villain, millions a hero.
Each man stood up in turn and introduced himself.
If each would sweep before the door, we should have a clean city.
Choose the one.
All but one were present.
All except one agreed to his plan.
All the workers went home save one.
Left alone, the little girl began to cry.
One is a teacher, another is a doctor, and the other is a journalist.
One stayed and the other went away.
I dislike being alone.
The bus was empty except for one elderly woman.
An old man was at rest under the tree.
An old man broke into our conversation.
An old man came along.
One eyewitness is better than ten earwitnesses.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
A man overtook her.
A man drew near.
A man came up to me and asked for a match.
No student was able to answer the question.
A man appeared at the site.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him round.
A girl approached the king from among the crowd.
A boy is walking across the street.
I found that there was a little girl sobbing.
A woman appeared from behind a tree.
Within every man are thousands.
One of his colleagues whispered.
A student with a crew cut was sitting in the front seat.
The moment she was alone she opened the letter.
When left alone, he cried to his heart's content.
The little boy got into mischief when he was left alone.
Left alone, I sometimes feel like crying.
Left to itself, the baby cried itself to sleep.
Leave me alone.
Left alone, he began to read a book.
I like to travel by myself.
Nothing is so pleasant as travelling alone.
I got accustomed to living alone.
Can you put on a kimono by yourself?
Is it dangerous to take a subway alone?
One can't help many, but many can help one.
It is lonely to live alone.
Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
I'd rather stay home than go alone.
Let me go alone.
I don't want to go alone.
She allowed him to go alone.
It was careless of her to go out alone.
Though she wished to travel abroad by herself, she thought better of it.
You cannot lift the piano alone.
I think it's dangerous to climb that mountain alone.
Can you move this desk by yourself?
Did you come here alone?
One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
Each individual paid 1,000 dollars.
The admission is ten dollars a person.
For personal reasons.
It's good to be able to concentrate single-mindedly on your work, but you're completely ignoring the people around you.
It won't hurt you to skip one meal.
Take me with you.
Won't you come with me?
Come with me, will you?
I'm sorry for your not having come with us.
Would you play with me?
Won't you go shopping with me?
I'm looking forward to serving your company.
Working together, they cleaned the entire house in no time.
He was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
Come along with me and go fishing.
Do you mind if I join your trip to the country?
What do you say to going fishing with me?
May I run with you?
What do you say to dining out together?
Would you like to have lunch together?
How about eating out with me?
Can I take your picture with us?
Let us go together. We can swim across the river, carry off the bear cubs, take them to the house on the mountain, and together find happiness.
I wish I could go with you, but as it is, I can't.
I would like to go with you.
Do you want to come along?
Let's work together to do our best.
Put it on one bill, please.
Let's sing some English songs together.
Will you join us for a swim?
Would you like to go swimming with us?
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
Will you join me for a drink?
She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movie with him.
Why don't you come in for a cup of coffee and a chat?
When we are with a person we don't want to be seen with, we often meet someone we know.
Do you want to come along and give it a go?
I'm coming with you.
Shall I go together with you?
Hard work has brought him success.
With great effort he climbed up the tree.
A moment's hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
I must have stolen it when I lost control of myself momentarily.
There was a momentary pause.
For a moment, he thought of going after the man.
We have used our ration of coal for the week.
I was in the hospital for a week.
We plan to stay a week.
A week's reflection led to a new plan.
I will give you back the CD in a week.
I stayed home for a week.
It kept raining for a week.
Don't commit yourself to doing it within a week.
We are able to deliver within a week.
I'll finish the work in a week or less.
I went without food for a week.
There are seven days in a week.
I would like a week off with pay.
He took a week off.
How many days a week do you go to school?
How often a week do you take a bath?
We have five English classes a week.
You can read ten books in a week? Don't you mean in a month?
I will lend you some money, on condition that you will repay it in a week.
We had to learn the lines of the play in park.
I shall see him in less than a week.
The weather has been nice all week.
I'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation.
I've been laid up with flu for the last week.
It's a temporary condition.
For a while, I was really into cola- drinking it every day.
I waited for an hour, but he didn't appear.
I've been waiting for one and a half-hours.
I met her an hour ago.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
An hour's drive brought us to the airport.
I've been waiting for you for over an hour.
I'll be back within an hour.
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
Will you lend me your bicycle for an hour?
He should get to your house in an hour.
Do you think you can make out the list in an hour?
Please cover for me at the reception desk for about one hour.
He who steals a pin will steal an ox.
Nothing succeeds like success.
At one time we were enemies, but we've buried the hatchet and we are now on friendly terms with each other.
For a guy who was chosen by his father as the only son to be taught the secrets of this martial art, he doesn't have much of a kick.
I can't afford $40 for one book!
I arrived at Narita the day before yesterday.
It has been raining since the day before yesterday, but it may clear up this afternoon.
It has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday.
I received your letter the day before yesterday.
They left there the day before yesterday.
He may have absented himself from school the day before yesterday.
The day before yesterday we arrived at Osaka.
I met her by chance on the train the day before yesterday.
The economic strength of a country lies not alone in its ability to produce, but also in its capacity to consume.
It is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies.
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.
We should lose no time in leaving here.
Not a moment could be lost.
There is no time to be lost.
The party returned safe and sound.
The party went to China by sea.
The party set out for Kobe.
The party reached the mountaintop yesterday.
The party arrived at Kyoto.
The party fought their way up.
The party went forward in the face of danger.
The party set out regardless of the bad weather.
The party started for New York.
The party flew nonstop from New York to Paris.
The party did not succeed in climbing the mountain.
The party stayed in Kyoto for a short period.
The party crossed over to America.
They are a party of six.
The party walked down the mountain.
The party started soon after his arrival.
The party, therefore, had to take another route.
The leader of the party is a famous scientist.
Write on every other line.
The seats were reserved for the party.
Can I have a bite?
Write on alternate lines.
Many were eager to get in on the act.
They all get lumped together as English texts. But in fact these books are extremely varied and wide-ranging.
I will bite just a little bit.
Greta chugged the beer in one gulp.
A bare word of criticism makes her nervous.
I'll give you a piece of advice.
Let me give you a piece of advice.
Let me say.
You have something to say about everything, don't you?
He didn't say a word.
In a word, she isn't any use.
In a word, he is a man of genius.
In a word, he is a coward.
In a word, you are in the wrong.
In a word, it's ridiculous.
In a word, I think he's a fool.
Off hand, I'd say her problem is shyness.
An apparently small event may lead to a great result.
I saw at a glance that the empty house was badly in need of repair.
I saw at a glance that there was something the matter with my father.
At first sight, the question seemed easy.
Nothing could be more reasonable, on the face of it.
January is the first month of the year.
At first sight, he seemed kind and gentle.
Women who, at first glance, appear to be completely ordinary also don't seem to be in that much of a rush to get married.
We have snow in January.
I'm taking an exam in January.
It is important to be accomplished in some art.
Will you listen to a piece of music?
Please sing a song.
I want to sing a song.
Let's take a rest.
How about taking a rest?
Take a rest, or you will be worn out.
She came alive after taking a rest.
I paid in a lump sum when I bought a television set.
Once you skip a lesson, it's hard to catch up with your classmates.
The family had a hard time after the war.
They moved to New York, but adapted easily to their new surroundings.
Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
The family moved from their native Germany to Chicago around the year 1830.
He is the black sheep of the family.
The whole family is out for a walk.
I went to the South Pacific for a summer of romantic adventure.
Count as one fractions of half a yen and over, but ignore those of less.
The sky looks threatening.
A really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues. That's the kind of person I want you to become.
A word is enough to a wise man.
I don't like being made a fool of.
I'll tell you a story.
I'll give you a piece of good advice.
One important thing to remember is that Americans may remain silent when you say something they don't agree with.
May I ask a favor of you?
A single mistake, and you are a failure.
A miss is as good as a mile.
One is new, and the other is old.
This carpet is one of the most beautiful.
You should concentrate on one thing and learn to do it well.
An idea occurred to me.
To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
For one thing, he thinks she is stupid, for another, he doesn't like her.
For one thing, I am poor; for another, I am busy.
For one thing, I'm penniless; for another, I don't have the time.
For one thing, I couldn't afford to do that.
For one thing, I've no money, and for another, I've no leisure.
This is true partly because non-Westerners have begun to take pride in their own cultures and partly because those areas of the world where forks are not used have some of the highest birth rates.
Would you do me a favor?
May I ask you to do me a favor?
I have a favor to ask of you.
Not a drop of rain fell for a month, so they had to dig a well.
You'll make a fortune by taking a chance.
The Isonos would often go hiking.
I feel exactly the same as Mr Isoda.
Child-care leave and time off to care for the aged are needed in order to respond to demographic changes now taking place in Japan.
A growing child requires more food.
Mr Iuchi has no one to fall back on.
Inoue doesn't like computers.
A well is a place where you can get water.
The well has run dry.
There was no water in the well.
There was little water in the well.
The well ran dry.
Please draw water from the well.
He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill.
Can I use my medical insurance?
I'd like to get medical insurance.
Do you have medical insurance?
The medical supplies were allocated to the victims of the disaster.
We can say that there's not a clear winner in terms of a policy to curtail medical expenses and benefits.
In medical research, one of the first problems is to isolate the cause of the disease.
The doctors thought he was dead, but today he is still alive and healthy, and has a job and a family.
Please call me a doctor.
Doctors have offered me nothing but sleeping pills.
Could you call a doctor, please?
Do you think we should send for the doctor?
Please call in a doctor.
Shall I go for the doctor?
You must send for the doctor.
Send for the doctor.
Will you send for a doctor?
The doctor was sent for.
You'd better send for a doctor.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
Doctors and hospitals should help the people who can get healthy again.
Doctors should help the sick or injured person.
The doctor analyzed the blood sample for anemia.
The doctor bent over the sick boy.
The doctor sat up all night with the sick old man.
Doctors do not always live long.
So the doctor started to examine her.
The surgeon operated on her for lung cancer.
The doctor advised her to enter the hospital.
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
The doctor ordered her to go on a strict diet.
The doctor gave it to her.
The doctor persuaded him to give up smoking.
The doctor called him back.
The doctors tell you that he is brain-dead.
The doctor felt his pulse.
The doctor set his broken leg.
The doctor cured him of his illness.
The doctor cured him of his cancer.
The doctor released him from his pain.
The doctor gave him the medicine.
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.
The doctor advised him to stop working too much.
His doctor told him to cut down on drinking.
The doctor advised him to abstain from drinking.
The doctor advised him to keep away from drinking.
The doctor told him to rest at home, which is advice he followed.
The doctor suggested that he give up smoking.
His doctor ordered him to rest.
The doctor ordered that he take a rest.
The doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking.
The doctor told him to give up smoking and drinking.
The doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.
The doctor told him to cut down on smoking.
The doctor advised him to give up smoking.
The doctor advised him not to smoke.
The doctor alerted him to the riskiness of the medicine.
The doctor said that he would be well if he took his medicine.
The doctor suggested that he should give up smoking.
The doctor advised a change of air.
The doctor gave him some drugs to relieve the pain.
The doctor bandaged the boy's injured leg.
The doctor dosed the girl with antibiotics.
The doctor tried hard to save the wounded boy.
The doctor's instructions are as follows: Take this medicine after meals.
The doctor felt my pulse.
The doctor advised my father to stop smoking.
The doctor spoke to the effect that my father would soon get better.
The doctor bound my wounds.
The doctor examined my throat.
The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
The doctor advised my father to give up smoking.
The doctor advised me to take a long holiday.
The doctor advised me not to drink too much.
The doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape.
The doctor advised me to stop smoking.
The doctor ordered me a complete rest.
The doctor didn't allow me to go out.
The doctor had me lying in bed.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
The doctor advised me not to smoke too much.
The doctor advised me to drink more milk.
The doctor advised me to take more exercise.
The doctor forbade me to take part in the marathon.
The doctor told me that I would recover soon.
The doctor ordered me to stay in bed.
The doctor instructed me to go on a diet.
The doctor advised me that I should go on a diet.
The doctor demanded I stay in bed for a week.
Though the doctor did his best, the patient's recovery was slow.
The doctor was in a white gown over a blue suit.
Doctors have a difficult problem.
The doctor made six house calls in the afternoon.
A doctor should never let a patient die.
The doctor can cure your son of the disease.
Doctors suspect smoking has lot to do with cancer.
Doctors warn us of a possible danger.
The doctor will be back before long.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
The doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest.
The doctor rushed to his patient.
The doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease.
The doctor administered medicine to the patient.
The doctor has ordered the patient to abstain from wine.
The doctor examined the patients.
Doctors are not as a rule trained in child rearing.
What'd the doctor say?
My doctor advised me to give up smoking.
The doctor advised Mr White not to smoke too much.
The doctor looked gravely at the patient.
The doctor arrived in time to save her.
What did he say?
The doctor examined the child and said she was healthy.
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
The doctor may have said so.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
The doctor decided to operate at once.
The doctor came immediately.
The doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness.
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.
The doctor recommended that you should give up smoking.
The doctor visits her every other day.
The doctor advised that my mother stay in bed for three more days.
The doctor insisted that he stay in bed.
The doctor used X-rays to examine my stomach.
The doctors say the dying man should have kicked the bucket hours ago, were he an ordinary man, but he is still defying death.
A good doctor follows his own directions.
Doctors' bills really cut into our savings.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
You had best follow the doctor's advice.
Some doctors say something to please their patients.
If it wasn't for the doctor's treatment, that patient would be dead.
You had better do as the doctor advised you.
Had he taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
A doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
What doctors should do is to save lives and fight against death.
I'm planning to disguise myself as a doctor.
We sent for a doctor.
With the help of doctors, she got over her illness.
What do you say to seeing a doctor?
Did you see a doctor?
It is necessary that you see a doctor.
You had better see a doctor; it may not be just a cold.
I don't like to have a doctor examine me.
You'd better consult your doctor.
I'd like to see a doctor.
You'd better see a doctor and get a shot.
Go and see the doctor.
I left off work for a few hours to see the doctor.
My doctor told me to lay off the liquor so I have this uneasy impatient feeling.
You had better see the doctor.
You ought to see a doctor.
I think you should see a doctor.
You must see a doctor.
Let's send for the doctor.
The doctor says she suffers from rheumatism.
You need to see a doctor.
Why not see the doctor?
You should have a doctor check you out.
Did you go to the doctor?
I intended to have been a doctor.
My desire to become a doctor grew out of looking after my sickly brother.
You should consult your doctor.
Don't be afraid of seeing the doctor.
Any doctor will tell you to quit smoking.
A six-figure income is not uncommon for physicians.
Medical doctors and dentists have very different tools of the trades.
Doctors and nurses must preserve life at all costs.
Doctors should keep abreast of all the latest developments in medicine.
Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine.
I think he is a doctor.
All the efforts of the doctors were of no avail.
He lay in agony until the doctor arrived.
The doctor came into the examination room and asked about her problem.
The doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered.
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
My physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being.
She had been ill for a week when the doctor was sent for.
Doctors can be wrong, and some patients can suddenly improve.
The doctor's careful examination of the patient brought about his speedy recovery.
The doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her quick recovery.
I'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air, since my doctor advises me to.
If only the doctor had come a little sooner.
The doctor's quick arrival brought about her very speedy recovery.
Lying is forgivable when it is done by a doctor trying to give heart to a terminally ill patient.
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
Doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer.
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.
The doctor reassured me about my father's condition.
The doctors wore white masks over their mouths and noses.
The doctor treated her injury.
The doctor advised that she take a holiday.
The doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol.
The doctor contemplated the difficult operation.
Doctors advise us on our health.
The medical profession keeps handing out warnings about smoking.
The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
Could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor?
The doctor's remarks reassured the patient.
The doctor's warning stiffened my resolve to stop drinking.
Being a doctor helped me greatly during the journey.
Doctors are fighting against disease.
The doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her recovery.
It is not ethical for a doctor to reveal confidences.
Speaking medically, I advise you to lose weight.
You should investigate the fact from a medical viewpoint.
Shared studying among premeds is rare.
I applaud your decision to study medicine.
Medical science is always on the march.
Medical science has made a dramatic advance.
Progress in medicine is going ahead by leaps and bounds.
I'm thinking of going to Germany to study medicine.
Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
How were the bodies of those who died disposed of?
Where is the lost and found?
He died without having made a will.
I'm sorry to say, but the service isn't very good.
I regret to inform you that I will be unable to keep our appointment for February 27.
I was fined 20 dollars for illegal parking.
You really shouldn't use pirated software.
Wrong.
The speeding vehicle skidded and crashed head-on into the rear-end of a truck before the driver could say Jack Robinson.
No. I don't know. It's a lot of things.
No, no, no!
The difference is this: he works harder than you.
I came to the realization too late to make a difference.
In spite of their various differences, Joan and Ann are friends.
We have an oversupply of clothing.
We must make economies in buying clothes.
Please get dressed.
If you look after your clothes, they last a lot longer.
What do you do with your clothes when they are worn out?
The identity of the lost child was confirmed by its clothes.
It is hard for an empty sack to stand straight.
Food, clothing and shelter are the basis of life.
Food and clothes are necessities of life.
In the matter of food and clothing, we are pretty well off.
What is indispensable to our lives, along with food and clothes, is housing.
The dress does not make the fair.
Could you send up some stomach medicine?
I want to see a doctor about my stomach-ache.
The belly has no ears.
I suffer from a stomach ache.
The stomach is one of the internal organs.
The pain in my stomach has gone.
Something is the matter with my stomach.
An ulcer forms in the stomach.
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
I have a pressing feeling in my stomach.
My stomach hurts.
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
My stomach feels heavy.
I'm afraid I have an upset stomach.
My stomach is rumbling.
Getting a sports car is easy, compared to the maintenance one must do on it.
The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain.
Immigrants streamed into the land.
Due to our office moving, we will be closed from May 30 to 31.
Migrants from the continent crossed the Japan sea.
Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers' village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end.
There is no objection on my part.
If there is no objection, we will close the meeting now.
A strange sight greeted her eyes.
It's very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures.
It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
As for the accusations of heresy, here the evidence is much weaker.
Unusually low temperatures account for the poor rice crop this year.
Is everything all right?
The streets are filled with an air of exoticism.
They went ahead with the plan since there were no objections.
The exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office.
The rate of exchange is 145 yen to the dollar.
Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say. That is why I am on intimate terms with Mr Aoki.
How do I fix the seat?
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
It is under the chair.
No sooner had I sat down and relaxed than the phone rang.
Two seats were vacant.
You may sit down on the chair.
The chair hasn't arrived yet.
Written as it is in easy style, the book is for beginners.
Could you say that in plain English?
Written in plain English, the book can be read even by you.
It is often pointed out that a vague smile is typical of the Japanese.
It is difficult to convey the meaning exactly.
Everything that has meaning can be called language.
In the main, I am in favor of political reform if meaningful changes are made.
I'm catching on.
I didn't catch the meaning.
Although he isn't ill-natured, he is not very kind.
The wicked witch cast an evil spell on the man and turned him into an insect.
It had an effect alien from the one intended.
The unconscious person feels no pain, but for the family and friends it can be a long and painful experience.
People who are unconscious can't say they want to die.
He'll make a good husband.
I lost consciousness.
She is unconscious.
There is one thing which we do every time we read, whether we are aware of it or not; we come in contact with the personality of the writer.
Communication takes many forms.
Where communications fail, so do activities.
A man of weak will is the target of criticism; even his friends would badger him into correcting his defects.
A man of strong will is not subject to corruption.
No one can force you to do anything against your will.
Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively, because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
Through communication we are able to learn about each other.
We use words in order to communicate.
Having no will is the worst handicap.
The weak-willed are prone to go to the dogs; the strong-willed turn failure into success.
I could not help but state my opinion.
Opinion is ultimately determined by the feelings, and not by the intellect.
Never identify opinions with facts.
We agree to start at once.
Anyone with an opinion please raise their hand.
Surprisingly, he is the type that worries about being in the public eye.
You know something?
Unexpectedly the weather forecast came true yesterday.
Unexpected results were announced.
You don't say.
The committee picked the site for the exhibition.
The chairman is elected for a two year term.
The committee returned to their seats.
The committee are all against it.
The committee approved the draft budget.
The committee approved the budget.
The committee adjourned to another hall.
The committee eagerly welcomed her as chairperson.
The committee elected him chairperson.
The committee bestowed a medal on him.
The commission concluded that the answer was no.
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
The committee comprises ten members.
Our committee consists of ten members.
The committee is discussing social welfare.
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
The committee is composed of five students.
The committee meets twice a month.
The committee is composed of teachers and parents.
The committee held a discussion on the problem of education.
A committee should apply the focus to the more concrete problem.
The committee was not disposed to hold another meeting.
The committee has not yet arrived at a decision.
The committee will be opposed to the proposal.
The committee was split over the project.
The committee passed the bill.
The committee decided to call off the strike.
The committee got down to business after coffee.
The committee meets today at four.
The committee consists of eight members.
The committee divided into five sections.
The committee adjourned for two weeks.
The committee is made up of fifteen members.
The committee consists of twelve members.
The committee called on all nations to work side-by-side to curb air pollution.
The committee will meet next Friday.
The purpose of the committee is to develop children's musical talent.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
The committee had a long session.
One of the committees is composed of eight members.
The members of the committee are all men.
All the members of the committee consented to my proposal.
His influence in the committee became weaker and weaker.
The committee was summoned at once.
The committee are all present.
The committee are all for the plan.
The majority of the committee voted against the bill.
The committee stayed up late last night trying to work out measures that would please everyone.
The committee met and discussed whom to appoint to the post.
The point about enclosure is that the configuration of ethnic groups must be clearly described.
The great critic and the poet are traveling together.
The great critic and poet is lecturing on philosophy.
The son of a great actor became a good actor in his own right.
Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
The great statesman and general is still living.
You should read about the careers of great men.
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
Great scholar as he is, he is lacking in common sense.
A great scholar is not necessarily a good teacher.
Many great men went through hardship during their youth.
Great people are not always wise.
Great men are not always wise.
A great man doesn't care about his appearance.
The client talked with the lawyer.
On your marks, get set, go!
I still haven't heard from him.
Miss Ito made her students work hard.
Taro Ito was found guilty.
Does Mr Ito teach history?
Mr Ito teaches history.
Mr Ito will call the roll.
Mr Ito loosened his tie because he felt hot in his office.
Talking of Mr Ito, what has become of his son?
Professor Ito went to the United States for the purpose of studying linguistics.
Mr Ito is a highly educated man.
Will you make an appointment with Mr Ito?
Mr. Ito wants to see you.
There is a Mr Ito who wants to see you.
I am very fond of lobsters, but they are very, very expensive.
We've been friends ever since.
Have you met her before?
I saw him at one time or another.
Albumin was found in my urine before.
The knife we used to cut the bread with was sharp.
A hideous monster used to live there.
There was a tall tree in front of my house.
Having seen him before, I knew him at once.
You are much taller than you used to be.
I'm not as rich as I was.
No one had ever thought of selling ice before.
Now there is nothing but desert, where there used to be a fertile plain.
I used to look up to him, but not anymore.
There used to be a big cherry tree at the back of my house.
There used to be big trees around my house.
When I was a child, my mother would often read fairy tales to me.
In the past, there were no oral English classes in high school. Now many schools have oral communication classes.
"He used to love me," she answered sadly.
He said he had been to Hawaii before.
I used to sit up late at night.
I used to play with my sister in the park.
I used to go fishing quite often, but now I rarely go.
It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
There used to be a temple right here.
I didn't used to smoke.
You used to smoke, didn't you?
There used to be a church here.
There used to be a castle on this hill.
There used to be a restaurant in front of this bus stop.
There used to be a hut about here.
There used to be a green field here; now there's a supermarket.
People used to travel on foot.
I had mastitis before.
Having seen him before, I recognized him.
I easily found Mr. Harrington because I had seen him before.
I had met him once before.
Having been to the temple before, I know the way.
I was bored because I had seen the movie before.
The situation has improved considerably compared with what it was.
It's better than it was before.
I look very different.
There used to be a store right here.
As you have often been here before, show me around, please.
There used to be a coffee shop near the park.
He didn't deny that he was formerly involved in the program.
Having been caught in that situation before, I knew exactly what to do.
There used to be lots of fireflies around here.
There used to be a pond around here.
There used to be a small shrine around here.
There used to be a big pond around here.
There used to be an old temple here.
I've always wanted to meet you.
Haven't we met before?
Have we met before?
Not having seen him before, I'll not be able to recognize him.
Not having seen her before, I did not know her.
It feels like I've seen her before.
I've been to Hokkaido before.
Is that all?
I may have seen that film before, but I can hardly remember it.
The following is his story.
I'll never do this again.
The following is a summary of the President's speech.
I would like to place an order for the following.
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
All you have to do is fill in the blanks below.
The following passage is a quotation from a well-known fable.
The following persons passed the examination.
The data to be discussed below was collected in the following way.
The following is what he told me.
The pommel horse requires more balance than strength.
That's just a shot in the dark. How do you think you'll succeed by just acting on the spur of the moment like that?
It was a dark night.
The darkness has not overcome it.
We could barely make out two figures in the dark.
Darkness is the absence of light.
Our guide misinformed us about the location of the hotel.
Could you send me a brochure?
Where's the information desk?
Where is the information counter?
Show me the way, will you?
This book is surprisingly easy to read, isn't it?
I have no plans whatever.
Sure enough, the ghost appeared on the balcony.
She called me up, as I had expected.
As was to be expected, he took the first place.
Sure enough, he entertained doubts.
Just like I thought, the contractor came back today, begging for more time.
Fear often exaggerates danger.
Please input your PIN number.
I don't mind your groping in the dark for a solution, but I wish you'd come to a decision.
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
The "prince of darkness" means Satan.
Encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable.
A form appeared in the darkness.
We saw a dim light in the darkness.
A tiny object moved in the dark.
It was impossible for him to take the picture in the dark.
I heard my name called in the dark.
Something was stirring in the dark.
I was afraid of getting lost in the dark.
A red light was glowing in the dark.
Somebody called my name in the dark.
A pall of darkness cloaked the valley.
I spring out of the darkness.
The robber emerged from the darkness.
It is too dark to play outside.
It is too dark to see clearly.
It is too dark to read a book there.
It's too dark to play outside.
You'd better hurry up if you want to get home before dark.
I'll be back before dark.
Come home before it gets dark.
I will return to the house before dark.
I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
All you have to do is wait until dark.
I waited for her till it got dark.
It was getting dark, and, what made matters worse, it began to rain.
It got dark, and what was worse, it began to rain.
Come home before dark.
I reached the village before dark.
We are likely to get there before dark.
I took the bus in order to reach the destination before it got dark.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
It's getting dark. You'd better go home.
With darkness coming on, the children returned home.
It is getting darker. It may rain soon.
It is getting dark. Let's go home.
It grew dark, and what was worse, we lost our way.
Don't let her go out after dark.
Don't go out after it gets dark.
Don't go out after dark.
I don't like to go out after dark.
You had better not go after dark.
Don't walk alone after dark.
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
A car passed by in the dark.
Not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn't move.
She switched on the lamp because it was dark.
It was dark, and I could not make out who was coming along the road.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way back to our tent.
I shone a flashlight into the dark room.
It's not good to read in a dark room.
What are you looking for in the dark room?
Watch your step in dark alleys.
He lost his sense of direction in the dark woods.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
On entering a dark tunnel, we could see nothing.
Don't read books in a dark place.
Buy cheap and waste your money.
Cheap sake makes you sick.
Everybody speaks very highly of Ando.
A recent analysis by Boeing forecasts that unless safety is improved, jet airliners could be falling out of the sky at the rate of once a week by the year 2010.
Take an amulet for safety's sake.
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
We will set up a notice in front of the machine for safety's sake.
For safety purposes, remove the plastic casing before use.
Steady the boat so we can get on safely.
Excessive concern with safety can be dangerous.
Have a safe trip.
You should drive at a safe speed.
Organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty.
Safety is what matters most.
You should stay in bed.
Stay quiet and rest.
I feel relieved.
At ease.
Set your mind at ease.
I'm managing scraping along on a small salary.
To my relief, he came home safe and sound.
Easy living corrupted the warrior spirit.
Wishing you peace and happiness at Christmas.
Any watch will do, so long as it's cheap.
The cheap prices tempted me to buy things I didn't need.
There was a glut of cotton goods due to cheap imports.
Cheap imports will glut the market.
Do you know of any inexpensive stores?
It seemed to be cheap.
I saved on travelling expenses by staying at a cheap hotel.
I bought it thinking it was cheap, but it was rotten, so I ended up losing out.
I want to buy this book not because it is cheap, but because it is useful.
I know a hole in the wall that's really cheap.
The ayu season has opened.
Having been wrongly addressed, the letter never reached him.
An overwhelming majority voted to abolish the brutal punishment.
Send it to me as a compressed file.
Our eyes should meet when we shake hands.
Let's shake hands and be friends.
I have one final piece of advice related to handshakes: Remember to smile.
Give me some skin!
Please shake hands.
A closed fist can indicate stress.
On bad roads this little car really comes into its own.
The evil spirit was driven away from the house.
Keep away from bad company.
Try to avoid bad company.
You should keep away from bad company.
The notorious rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
The notorious dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
I had a nightmare.
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.
Devils are hiding among the rocks.
Talk of devil, and he's presently at your elbow.
When you talk of the devil you will hear his bones rattle.
Talk of the devil and he is sure to appear.
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear.
Give the devil his due.
The Devil may come.
It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
Bad weather will ground the plane.
The bad weather delayed the plane for two hours.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Due to bad weather, the plane arrived three hours late.
Bad weather prevented them from sailing.
Bad weather discouraged them from going on a picnic.
I couldn't go out on account of the bad weather.
The bad weather frustrated our plans.
The bad weather prevented us from leaving.
Owing to bad weather, I didn't go.
Because of the bad weather, my piano teacher suggested that I go home early.
Father was in a bad mood since he couldn't play golf because of bad weather.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
Bad weather prevented me from setting out.
Bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike.
Thanks to the bad weather, the game was canceled.
The senior citizens' spirits were high in spite of the bad weather.
They made up their minds to go by car in spite of bad weather.
Bad weather prevented us from starting.
The plane was delayed on account of bad weather.
Farmers suffered crop losses from poor weather.
I gave up the idea of seeing the sights of the city because of the bad weather.
Ill gained, ill spent.
The bad weather marred the ceremony.
Ill-gotten gains are short-lived. The only way to make real money is to earn every penny.
After an uphill struggle against great odds they finally got the company on its feet again.
Bad cold is prevailing throughout the country.
A serious form of flu prevails throughout the country.
I got sick.
Give credit where credit is due.
Bad habits are easy to get into.
A bad smell permeated the room.
The instant I open the lid an offensive smell greets my nose.
It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It's easy to fall into bad habits.
Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
Malicious gossip spreads like wildfire. I guess that's why they say bad news travels fast.
Well, they say bad news travels fast.
He committed one crime after another.
What one has sown one will have to reap.
Murder will out.
Stop calling me names. That'll do you no good.
Far be it from me to criticize, but your dress is rather loud.
I meant no harm.
No offense was meant.
The bandits demanded all money in the register.
Bad money drives out good.
Is it getting worse?
The smaller the body, the more likely the person will suffer from the ill effects of radiation.
Having hit a streak of bad luck, my fortune had gone to pot in no time.
Come to the end of one's devil's luck.
Have the devil's own luck.
I meant you no harm.
It is a white lie.
There was no malice in what he did.
Deliver us from evil.
Punish the wicked and save the weak.
You will be disliked by girls if you play practical jokes on them.
Don't carry a practical joke too far.
Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
Render good for evil.
He is bad beyond correction.
Not bad. But I'm a little tired.
Not bad.
Not bad. I can earn a good enough living.
Evil sometimes wins.
Okay. Sorry.
Bad as it was, it could have been worse.
Don't keep bad company.
The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
Bad books will do you harm.
I was also not a bad mother.
Bad habits die hard.
A bad habit, once formed, cannot easily be got rid of.
"I caught a bad cold." "That's too bad."
I had a bad cold, and to make matters worse, it began snowing.
I can't get rid of a bad cold.
Never associate with bad fellows.
Bad news travels fast.
Don't get involved with bad men.
Bad people are at the helm of the nation.
You should make the best of a bad situation.
It's hard to change a bad habit.
It's very hard to get rid of bad habits.
How easily one acquires bad habits!
One acquires bad habits very easily.
A bad habit is easily acquired.
Once you've got into a bad habit, it can be difficult to get out of it.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
Bad seed must produce bad corn.
I don't like bad boys.
Some think it is a bad idea.
Better be half hanged than ill wed.
Ill news comes too soon.
Ill news comes apace.
It is, not I, but you, who are to blame.
You won't regret it.
It is you who is to blame.
It is not you but I that am to blame.
It is I that am bad.
I'm afraid you don't.
No need to worry.
Is there a problem?
You have to apologize at once when you have done wrong.
That which is evil is soon learned.
To make matter worse, the traffic was bad.
Do you think it a bad thing?
Don't you think it a bad thing?
Don't be a bad boy.
I take the liberty of going home.
I'm sorry I can't go.
Sorry, but I can't go along with you.
I'm sorry, I have another engagement.
I really shouldn't ask, but could you go get some tofu for me?
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.
I have caught a bad cold.
Aoi dances very well.
Aoi is a very good dancer.
What a good dancer Aoi is!
How well Aoi dances!
Aoi dances well.
We never meet without a parting.
Aoi's hobby is dancing.
Aoi became a dancer.
Aoi dances.
Skip the pleasantries and get down to business.
Greetings are the basis of good manners.
I was at a loss for an answer.
Textile News has a large following among those working in the textile industry.
I'm dead to love.
Love is above money. The latter can't give as much happiness as the former.
Love blinded him to her faults.
Burn with desire.
Love and hate are opposite emotions.
You cannot live by love alone.
It is pleasant to watch a loving old couple.
I parted with my old car.
Let's sing a patriotic air.
Many murders have been committed in the name of patriotism.
The patriots stood up for the rights of their nation.
At last, Mario managed to win the princess's love.
My pet dog was seriously ill.
Accept a person's love.
Nothing is as precious as love.
Love is something that you can neither snatch away nor express.
But love can break your heart.
Love me little, love me long.
Charity begins at home.
Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
Love undeniably has wings to fly away from love, but it's also undeniable that it also has wings to fly back.
Love, which is a wonderful feeling, comes to everyone at some time in their life.
Love makes the world go round.
Love moves in mysterious ways.
What is life without the radiance of love?
Love and Peace.
We hope we will make our home full of love and happiness.
Love is seeing her in your dreams.
I didn't marry her because I loved her.
How difficult a thing it is, to love, and to be wise, and both at once.
It is easy to love, but hard to be loved.
My love for you won't let me tell you everything. Some things are better left unsaid.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved.
Don't mourn over the loss of your loved one too long.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being loved.
It is sad not to be loved, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
It is love that rules the world.
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
Parents aren't rational because love isn't rational.
Faults are thick where love is thin.
Love can mend your life.
Pity is akin to love.
Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
Lake Akan is frozen over.
Huh? Oh, I'm sorry.
This drawing is less than great. He needs to do something with the line here at the back of the leg.
The naughty boy got lost and looked around.
How many points is a try worth?
It goes without saying that we must all observe traffic signals.
We should respect the old.
We must be kind to the elderly.
We should keep our promise.
We live in a civilized society.
We must not laugh at the poor.
It is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing.
We cannot necessarily see the star with the naked eye.
We are inclined to stand up for him.
We respected him all the more.
We invited him to the party, but he did not show up.
We sought to come to terms with them.
In light of his lack of abilities we cannot expect him to succeed.
We must take his youth into account.
We rid his house of mice.
We asked for the payment of his debt.
We asked him to face the press but he refused to.
We hold that he is not guilty.
We defeated the enemy.
We recoiled from the enemy's offensive.
We got an early start.
We all shall die sooner or later.
None of us is perfect.
We took pride in our strength.
We are faced with many difficulties.
We foresaw the war.
We had to start for America at short notice.
We plan to have a welcoming party for Mr. Clark who came to Japan the other day.
We moved into this house last month, but we still haven't settled down.
We moved into this house last month. We will settle down soon.
We thought we had the game in the bag.
We were ordered away without any explanation.
We've run short of oil.
We must work as long as we live.
We will probably arrive at Tokyo station at noon.
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
We are but men, not gods.
We were sweating in the heat.
We sat face to face with executives.
That's because we knew our place.
We are not born for ourselves.
We are subject to the laws of nature.
He told us to come on time.
We should make the best of the limited natural resources we have.
We must make the best we can of the few natural resources we have.
We should do our best.
We've made a final decision.
We considered going, but finally decided against it.
We are liable to err.
We should so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
We discussed the matter with each other.
We must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations.
We have established the institute with a view to facilitating the research.
We must make the best of what we are.
We were obliged to give up our plan.
While we hate force, we recognize the need for law and order.
We must try to break the deadlock.
We were crowded into the small room.
We discussed the matter from an educational point of view.
It should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it.
We were all drenched with perspiration.
We were all shaking from the bitter cold.
We all shuddered from the great shock.
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We wanted to speak to the president of the company, but he refused to speak to us.
We participated in the athletic meet of our company.
We look back on days gone by, if not always with affections, at any rate with a kind of wistfulness.
No one of us can cut himself off from the body of the community to which he belongs.
We are studying in order to pass the STEP 2nd grade test.
We die only once, and for such a long time.
We were as one in our opinion.
We were all ears.
We climbed higher so that we might get a better view.
We didn't mean to leave Mary out of the plan.
All of us are connected with the past and the future as well as the present.
We were all surprised at the effect the news had on him.
We were all very happy at breakfast.
We have yet to learn the truth.
We have yet to learn all the facts.
We should sometimes pause to think.
We should read as many books as possible.
We stood at the door and waited.
We must put an end to a bad habit as soon as possible.
It is not for us to live in such a fine house.
We must guard against mistakes in spelling.
We considered the problem from all angles.
We love the man all the better for his faults.
We must make up for the loss.
We measured the depth of the river.
We must study the affair as a whole.
We could get over the difficulty.
We've set the meeting tentatively for Monday. It's subject to change.
We looked forward to the party.
We must go without luxuries.
At best we can only hope for a small profit.
We elected Jane chairperson.
We must consider these matters as a whole.
We are very much concerned about the future of this country.
We were certain of winning the game.
We narrowly missed the accident.
We found out a secret door behind the curtain.
It should not be possible for us to enjoy them without giving something in return.
We differ from them in some respects.
We shall overcome all our difficulties.
We were wont to meet at that pleasant spot.
We look on her as a loose woman.
We couldn't find out her whereabouts.
We were surprised at the ease with which he solved the problem.
We cannot dispense with the rainforests.
We lay emphasis on the importance of being sincere.
We are indirectly dependent upon the labour of others for all the necessities and comforts of our lives.
We credit Peary with having discovered the North Pole.
We must defend our freedom at all cost.
We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
We find ourselves in the twilight of our civilization.
Our plane was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
Our plane was flying above the clouds.
Our feelings towards him are mixed.
Not a day passes in which we don't use electricity in our daily lives.
You stood out in our circle.
The records of our discussions are kept by the secretary.
Language as we know is a human invention.
Our escape was nothing short of a miracle.
Our teacher is a gentleman in the true sense of the word.
Our policies and systems are getting outdated and need revising, but to try to swap horses while crossing a stream might be dangerous.
Our generation has seen a lot of changes.
Our world is only a small part of the universe.
The obstacles to our progress have been removed at last.
Our letters probably crossed in the mail.
In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks.
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
Our tastes in art agree.
Don't mention our plan to anybody.
Our plan will call for a lot of money.
Our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company.
Most of our money goes for food.
Our plans for the vacation are still up in the air.
Our patience is in much the same condition as yesterday.
Our company pays badly.
It will be three months before our house is completed.
Although our universe is still young, theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate.
Not all of us are born with musical talent.
There is nothing in the world but teaches us some good lesson.
We had scarcely returned when it began raining.
We cannot know too much about the language we speak every day of our lives.
Language, as we know it, is a human invention.
To our great relief, she returned home safe and sound.
If we suspect others, others will suspect us just as much.
Whatever you say, he won't change his mind.
No one knows the real reason why we love dogs.
It should not be possible for us to enjoy them.
Three hours is too short for us to discuss that matter.
It was just an accident that we met at the store.
A problem of whose importance we are fully aware.
No one ever knew the true story except the three of us.
Give me liberty or give me death.
He shivered a little in spite of himself.
I am ashamed of myself.
Broken glass lay scattered all over the road.
I've caught a bad cold.
Stop yelling, I beg you.
A man of straw is worth a woman of gold.
The crocodile, which produces only male young in hotter weather, might die out too because there will be no females to breed.
It seems that Wataru devoted himself to his studies.
I know better than to lend him money.
From the fullness of his grace we have all received one blessing after another.
We all learned the poem by heart.
I have to get some new clothes.
I'm working in Tokyo now.
Please take me across the river.
Please take me over to the other side.
I'm going to Europe next week.
I'll be sixteen years old next month.
I study about two hours every day.
I must finish my homework before dinner.
I put away 10 dollars each month.
I walked up the hill.
I should like to have a friend to correspond with.
I usually go to bed at ten.
I prefer traveling by train to flying.
I'm tired now.
I tried to warn her, but she wouldn't listen.
I'm looking forward to hearing from her.
I have a firm belief in his innocence.
I regret not having taken his advice.
I do not love him the less for his faults.
I didn't want his help, but I had to accept it.
I could not convince him of his mistake.
I couldn't get in touch with him.
I saw him run away.
I have not yet learned whether he reached there or not.
I like both dogs and cats.
I know an American girl who speaks Japanese very well.
I am pleased with myself.
I don't think I'm cut out for city life.
I did some work after breakfast and went out.
I intend to take my position as a third party.
I am looking for a house to rent.
I can't walk because of my broken leg.
I have little knowledge of biochemistry.
I am completely against it.
I feel for you deeply.
I swim once a week.
I got my hands quite dirty.
I wrote off for an application form.
I like to perform magic tricks for kids, but they sometimes fall flat.
I couldn't recognize him at first.
I intended to visit Rome last year.
I am a lapsed vegetarian.
I want a wife and children, and so I need a house.
I had enough to do to catch the last bus.
I'll never be able to play again.
I may have nothing now, but I shall always have something to remember, while you have no memories at all.
I have nothing to boast about.
I have a cat and a dog.
I want to go with you.
We've finished cleaning our classroom.
I'm from Kyoto.
I was a first year student last year.
We decided to put off the meeting until next Sunday.
I was weary of doing the same thing over and over again.
I like music, and I listen to it every day.
I'd rather go swimming.
I must make up for lost time by driving fast.
I have a respect for those who went before me.
I was forced to accept her proposal.
I simply don't understand this.
I would be very pleased to go with you.
I have almost no money with me.
I am good friends with Beth.
I was able to play piano very well.
I like pizza very much.
I cannot go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
I am determined to make a living as a playwright at all costs.
How happy I am!
I would not leave you for all the world.
I managed to get there in time.
As far as I'm concerned, I will not approve of the plan.
I was appalled at the sight.
I'm learning how to type.
I doubt whether it is true or not.
I have nothing to say against it.
I didn't consider the subject seriously.
I have nothing to do with the affair.
I have hopes of doing well in that business.
I built a new house in view of the mountain.
The tune was not familiar to me.
I was given training in that school.
I didn't take part in the conversation.
I'm looking at the flower.
I really enjoyed myself at the party.
I was absent from the party.
I am quite unhappy about it.
I wanted to go there.
I didn't mean to do that.
I will write Judy a letter.
I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
I went into details.
I've read any and every book in this library.
I must pull myself together to overcome this incident.
Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
I paid 40,000 yen for this tape recorder.
I prefer coffee to tea.
I am not the Christ but I am sent ahead of him.
When I see you, you always remind me of my brother.
I invited them to the party.
His name has completely gone out of my mind.
I don't like his shallow personality.
What he said really hurt me.
I couldn't help but turn down his offer.
I am a student at Oxford University.
He got very angry, for she refused to follow his advice.
I succeeded in worming out the secret.
He has been to India.
I always walk to school.
I went to bed later than usual.
I wasn't always happy.
I am always helped by you.
I have a desire to go to England.
I captured butterflies with a net.
I haven't a very good dictionary.
I can beat you to the station.
I can understand your language.
I am much concerned about your health.
I want to travel with you.
I took it that you would come.
That's the part I liked best.
I'd like to reserve a table for three.
I saw a movie for the first time in two years.
I exempted her from working overtime.
I am a bachelor.
I am at home.
I met Mary and John when in London.
I lost the camera I had bought the day before.
I availed myself of this favorable opportunity.
I believe in Ken.
I don't want to identify myself with that group.
I am more beautiful than you.
It seems to me that you are wrong.
And I will raise it again in three days.
He has said so himself to my knowledge.
You are welcome to any book in my library.
My uncle has a store along the street.
My watch keeps very good time.
All hope of my promotion went up in smoke after my reorganization plan fell through.
Do you think that my way of teaching is wrong?
Please don't take my mind off the work.
The men I meet are all very nice.
My house stands on a hill.
My house is only a mile from here.
Pass me the wine, please.
My aunt lives in New York.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
Work is all in all to me.
I have no time to watch TV.
I have no particular reason to do so.
I have a lot of work to do.
Let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake; even loose change will go a long way.
We walked among the trees.
We should love our neighbors.
We will have a math class tomorrow.
We can normally conceal our thoughts from others.
We crossed several rivers on the way.
We have seen three wars.
When we go to bed, we say "good night".
We covered some 100 miles in the car.
We are in the tie-up.
We discussed the plan yesterday.
We shouted in order to warn everyone of the danger.
We all took it for granted that the professor could speak English.
We have known each other for many years now.
We all try hard to make the grade in life, but only a few succeed.
We all make fools of ourselves at times.
We got the tree up.
We managed to get it back without her knowing about it.
We noticed the man enter her room.
We took a taxi so as to reach there on time.
We elected Jeffrey captain of our team.
After we had walked for some time, we came to the lake.
We were impatient for the concert to begin.
We drove to Hakone last Sunday.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
We all knew that Bob was on a wild-goose chase after Marge, because she was already happily engaged.
We've been horsing around too much; it's high time we got down to brass tacks.
We are anxious for your help.
Our school is across the river.
Our efforts will soon bear fruit.
Our firm is a giant one, and there are some rules and regulations, which should be revised or rescinded to reduce red tape and increase efficiency.
It is not necessary to make a decision now about the place for meeting.
We were delayed by traffic congestion, so we had to hurry.
I cannot agree with you on this point.
I'll get some glasses.
The party was well along when I came.
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.
Whenever I needed money as a college student, my parents always came through.
It is just a year since I got married.
When I came home, he was watching TV.
You can't wring any more money from me.
It was during my college years that I took up tennis.
I got control of the works.
It is the car that we have wanted.
When I see this picture, I always think of the old days.
Now that I am here, you don't have to worry.
Don't enter the room until I say "All right."
We rented that house, not because we were pleased with it, but because it was near the station.
A few words may betray a man's true character.
It's hard for him to live on his small pension.
You can use the delivery service for a small additional charge.
It's hard for me to live on my small income.
The slightest mistake may lead to a fatal disaster.
Don't haggle over a small sum of money.
What little guidance I had I owe to a young man.
What little money he earned he spent on books.
She has a little money put aside.
It would be unwise, not to say stupid, of you to quit your first job after only six months.
Only 40 percent of students go on to university.
After only 36 months, Koko could use 184 signs.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
The eagle is king of birds.
The eagle dived at its prey.
An eagle is flying in the sky.
Don't bother to call on him.
Please don't go to the trouble of coming to our office.
Don't bother to call me.
I may be playing the devil's advocate, but I have to ask, what are we going to do if we don't get all the customers we expect?
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
You don't have to go to the trouble of getting an umbrella.
Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me off.
Don't take the trouble to come and meet me.
Thank you for coming all the way to see me.
Thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house.
Do not bother to come to my home.
Don't bother to pick me up at the hotel.
How good of you to come all the way to see me off!
Thank you for coming all the way to see me off.
Don't bother to come to my house.
Don't ask me why.
I've got a pain in my side.
Our combined fleet broke through the enemy's defense zone.
Our fighters averaged 430 missions a day.
Abide with me.
Our company has come a long way since it was set up.
Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
Our company wants to take part in that research project.
We made a contract with the firm.
Our personnel are very highly educated.
We have cut back production by 20%.
There is no mother who doesn't love her own child.
We do business with the United States.
We depend on foreign nations for our natural resources.
Our country abounds in products.
Our country is in a crisis.
Our country is rich in marine products.
Our country has enjoyed many years of unbroken peace.
Our country is running short of energy resources.
We import tea from India.
Our cities create serious pollution problems.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities.
Our tax system is still without coherent philosophy.
The morals of our politicians have been corrupted.
The chief crop of our country is rice.
The gross national product of our country is the second largest.
Our people thirst for independence.
I was extremely disappointed to see our national soccer team suffer a historic loss.
Computer science has made rapid progress in our country.
We will play Minami High School tomorrow.
Our school was founded in 1990.
Our army attacked the enemy during the night.
We gave the enemy a drubbing.
Our troops engaged with the enemy.
There is a church near my house.
I am beginning to understand.
I don't know. It all happened in an instant.
Begin with such books as you can easily understand.
Certainly. What can I do?
If you don't know, you had better ask around.
"I don't know", said Tony.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand.
Don't be unreasonable.
I don't know. Is there a nickname for Tokyo?
There is no satisfying spoiled children.
Yes, I'll be right there.
Raise your hand if you understand it.
OK. I'll send it out as soon as a machine is available.
Ok, let's give it a try.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
Our team won in the intercollegiate tournament.
Our team scored five runs in the last inning.
Our team is in the cellar.
Our team played an even game with team "S".
Our team lost.
Our soccer team was covered in glory.
Our army attacked the kingdom.
Is there enough money to get a bottle of wine?
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
I want to chill the wine more.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
We'd like to have some wine.
May I see the wine list?
Wine is not harmful in itself.
Wine is made from grapes.
Wine helps digest food.
There is little wine left.
Wine is put in casks to age.
He was groggy from too much wine.
Heavy taxes are laid on wine.
Wine can make the meal.
I hope the wine is to your taste.
Mr Wilder gave me your e-mail address.
Would you sew a button on my shirt?
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
Crying loudly, the little girl hurried to the door.
The Japanese World Cup champion team came back home flushed with victory.
I want to buy a word processor.
The word processor will save you a lot of trouble.
Should the word processor go wrong, we guarantee to replace it free of charge.
The development of word-processors has enabled us to type Japanese easily.
Typewriters are giving way to word-processors.
If you had a word processor, you'd be free from all this trouble.
Do you know how to use a word processor?
That would be lovely.
It's a beautiful day!
Did you visit the Tower of London?
While in London, she studied English.
He brushed up his English during his stay in London.
He went to see her while she stayed in London.
The river that flows through London is the Thames.
Two and three halves to London, please.
Look up the trains to London in the timetable.
Which is the platform for the London train?
I got on the train for London.
The river which flows through London is called the Thames.
Have you been to London before?
On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things.
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
London is famous for its fog.
London was a city built for the horse.
London developed into the general market of Europe.
London is among the largest cities in the world.
London is one of the largest cities in the world.
London was bombed several times.
What time is it in London now?
It is seven in London now.
London is different from Tokyo climatically.
London is the capital of England.
Was it rainy in London?
London is no longer a city of fog.
London is large, compared with Paris.
London is such a large city that visitors must use buses and the underground railway to get about.
London is on the Thames.
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
Dozens die in London train crash.
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?
In the London underground there is a warning to "mind the gap" when boarding the train.
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.
London air was not much to boast of at best.
London's climate differs from that of Tokyo.
I'm looking for information on the Anderson Antique Shop in London.
Please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in London.
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
During my stay in London, I met him.
During his stay in London, he is going to visit his cousin.
Is it true that you are going to study in London?
As long as I'm going to be in London, I ought to see a play or two.
I have been to London before.
There are a lot of parks in London.
When did you get to London?
I got a letter from a friend of mine in London.
It is Mrs. Lee, Susan's mother, in London.
What was your first impression of London?
The people he is living with in London are coming to see me.
Can you recommend a place to stay in London?
I met an old student of mine in London.
I had an enjoyable two weeks in London.
I sometimes look back on the good days I had in London.
I used to go to plays at least once a week in London.
The weather is fine in London.
In London, quite a few musicals and plays are presented at the theaters every night.
I ordered a book from London.
Mr Long and Mr Smith spoke to each other.
I need a lot of cloth to make a long dress.
Long dresses stayed in fashion.
Long skirts are out of fashion now.
Long skirts are in fashion.
The Longs are having a garage sale tomorrow.
Don't forget to ask after Mr Long's wife when you see him.
Romeo, believing that Juliet was dead, decided to kill himself.
Romeo is the man Juliet loves.
The robots are sure to contribute to the world.
A robot can do more work than a man can.
Robots can withstand dangerous conditions.
Prepare yourself for the day when robots are at your side.
Robson's proposal is tantamount to defending terrorists because they have a cause.
We have lobsters only on special occasions.
Lobsters belong to a class of marine animals.
Robin looks very cute when he's sleeping.
Despite the seriousness of his illness, Mr Robinson is in good spirits.
I'll meet you in the lobby at three.
Donkeys are tough animals.
Here comes our teacher, Robert Brown.
Robert got a small proportion of the profit.
Robert broke off in the middle of his phone call.
Robert used to help his father in the store on weekends.
Robert comes to visit me every now and then.
I hear Robert is sick.
Robert is content with his present position.
Robert is the fifth wheel on the safety committee.
Robert has not yet been late for a meeting.
Robert tends to talk big.
Robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf.
Robert got the better of Jack in the game of chess.
Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend.
Rod lives across the street from John.
The lodge rents by the day.
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?
Rock and roll was a creation of the young generation.
Rock is the music of the young.
Rock appeals to young men and women.
Do you have any rock CDs?
It is unusual to see rock stars wearing a tie!
On the rocks, please.
The rock concert was called off because the singer fell ill.
I've done rock climbing and deep-sea diving and slept in an Indonesian jungle.
We'd like a bottle of rosé.
I thought you were raised in L.A.
I should cancel my L.A. trip.
I'd like to make a collect call to Los Angeles.
Roger works from morning till night.
Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
Roger is a party animal.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
I know a man who can speak Russian well.
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.
Russia had emerged as a second superpower.
What's the arrival time in Los Angeles?
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
Have you ever gone to Paris?
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
The rocket put a communications satellite into orbit.
The rockets were fired from a launching pad.
The rocket blasted out of the atmosphere.
The rocket landed sufficiently gently to avoid breaking its instruments.
The rocket went up.
The rocket went up smoothly.
The rocket ought to have reached the moon by now.
The rocket is in orbit around the moon.
The rocket travels at a tremendous speed.
The rocket was launched into space.
The blast-off took place on schedule.
The rocket was hardly up when it exploded.
My bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
How many payments will it take to pay off this loan?
Interest on loans is high at present.
I see a surge in loan growth.
Role-playing video games are time consuming.
Lori suggested that we should take a ten-minute coffee break.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
Lola danced with grace.
Laura may have been sick.
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
The surprise party for Laura is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
Although 475AD is the year that shows the 'decline' of the Roman Empire, it is not the year of its 'fall'.
The Romans worshiped their goddess, Juno.
Romans did not want their empire to decline; but it did.
The Romans tried to civilize the ancient Britons.
The Romans persecuted Christians.
Have you ever visited Rome?
If you have ever visited Rome, you must have seen the Coliseum.
Rome is a city worth visiting.
Rome is worthy of a visit.
Rome has a lot of charm for me.
Rome abounds with relics.
Rome is an old city.
Rome is famous for its ancient architecture.
Do in Rome as the Romans do.
Rome is in Italy.
The history of Rome is very interesting.
I'm looking for books on Roman history.
The Roman football game was like the Greek game.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
Fasten the rope to the tree.
Let go of the rope.
Don't let go of the rope.
I want a knife with which to cut the rope.
I let down the rope.
Pull the rope tight.
Pull your robe together.
He cut himself free with his knife.
Take hold of the rope.
Take hold of the rope, and I'll pull you up.
The rope was a couple of meters too short.
Hold the rope.
Hold on to the rope.
Holding on to the rope firmly, I came safely to land.
A rope was thrown into the water.
Stand back from the rope.
Ropes surround the place.
May I have a road map, please?
Would you put out the candles?
Rose was blowing bubbles.
Roast beef is usually accompanied by Yorkshire pudding.
Roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
Rosa Parks was arrested, and the black community of Montgomery was shocked and angry.
His confusion betrayed his lie.
Put out the candle. The blackout is over.
The candle has gone out.
The candle was blown out by the wind.
The candles made the room bright.
The candle went out instead of having been put out.
The candle went out of itself.
The candle grew shorter and shorter, until at last it went out.
Burning the candle at both ends reduces the candle to wax in a hurry - just like a playboy having a pretty girl on each arm.
The candle flickered a few times and then went out.
The candle's flame is flickering in the soft breeze.
Please light a candle.
The candle burned out.
The candle went out by itself.
A birthday cake with twelve candles on top.
The Royal Shakespeare Company is presenting The Merchant of Venice next week.
The evening performance at the Royal Theater had ended, and the audience had gone home.
Roy needn't have hurried to the airport to meet his parents.
Roy is secretive and Ted is candid.
Roy denied having visited her yesterday.
Roy fastened the medal with a pin.
Roy practiced very hard to get his ski instructor's license.
Roy looks happy when his girlfriend calls him.
Lois always butts into our conversation.
I'd like to rent a car.
According to the X-ray, everything is all right.
I would also like to rent a car.
Where do I return cars?
How much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location?
Through the lens the image was inverted.
Can I buy only the lenses?
If you add lemon, it will become sour.
Lemons and limes are acidic fruits.
The lemon is a sour fruit.
Lemon is sour.
The lemon has a flavor all of its own.
A tea with lemon, please.
Be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in.
I had a very hard time writing the paper.
I handed in my report yesterday.
Reports are due next Monday.
It's essential for the papers to be ready today.
Please hand in your papers by the last day of this month.
Will your report be finished in time for the meeting?
When must I turn in the report?
You should turn in your term papers by the end of April.
I am terribly busy because the report deadline is near.
This part of the report may be left out.
The left fielder ran hard and caught the long fly.
Press down on the lever.
Miss Red taught me Japanese.
Red Mulligan has announced that he'll fight Rocky Luciano next month.
I remember singing scales every day during music lessons.
Rex was a monster of a dog.
Many restaurants and pubs are on Itsutsugi Street.
When does the restaurant open?
The dirty plates in the restaurant disgusted us.
There are several customers in the restaurant.
Music started playing in the restaurant so there was a real romantic mood.
A welcome party took place in the restaurant.
Smoking in the restaurant was forbidden.
The restaurant billed me 250,000 yen for the party.
The rescue party searched for the missing passengers.
The leisure industry is sinking more money into new resorts.
Where's the checkout counter?
Please pay at the register.
I lost my receipt. Can I still get a refund?
Who was looking for the record shop?
I sold off all my records.
The record is finished. Turn it over to the other side.
The record is finished. Turn it over.
What do you think of reggae?
Fill it with regular, please.
Five gallons of regular, please.
Leo started to roar when he was two years old.
Can you take his place, Leo?
A button has come off my raincoat.
The car burned up in the race.
The race was a photo finish.
The race went down to the wire.
Before the race, the runners have to warm up.
I was exhausted after running the race.
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr Johnson.
Racing car drivers aren't just in it for the prize money but also for the thrill of racing.
President Reagan's tax program has not worked.
Reagan became President of the United States in 1981.
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
The rangers decided to go to the sailor's rescue.
Feel for the pockets of your raincoat.
Within the rape crisis movement, Greesite's dissent is significant.
It took Rei 20 days to get over her injury.
Soon after graduating from trade school, Ray Murphy was taken on as a machinist at the local automobile plant.
I would like mine rare.
Ruriko is a high school student.
Rumi is the first daughter.
The Renaissance established the dignity of man.
Luciano, the underdog in the match, will be trying to make the champ eat humble pie.
Luciano might have the crowd behind him, but he's still wet behind the ears.
Lucifera Vampirella is cute.
Lucy is a student from America.
There is nothing for you to do but obey the rules.
Has my roommate been decided?
It's so easy when you know the rules.
My roommate is too talkative.
My roommate's having a party.
The room charge is 100 dollars a night.
Is room service still available?
Room service. May I help you?
Lucy made her parents happy.
Lucy is certain to come.
Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
Lucy turned on the light switch.
Lucy was brought up by her grandparents.
Lucy came closer to the boy and laid her hand on his head.
Lucy and I have as many friends.
Lucy should be in the kitchen now.
Lucy was beside herself with excitement.
Lucy would often play the piano after dinner.
Has Lucy telephoned yet?
Lucy sometimes visits May.
Lucy likes playing tennis.
Lucy is a pretty little girl.
Lucy is from America.
Lucy's mother told her to take care of her younger sister.
Lucy has as many friends as I do.
It was his car that ran over Lucy and her dog.
It is certain that Lucy will marry the pop singer.
Lucy came to see me three days ago.
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
The bike ride told on Louie.
Louie, your friends are coming.
Fix your room, Louie.
Lindbergh was the first man to fly across the Atlantic.
Lynn runs fast.
Lindbergh's solo nonstop transatlantic flight was a remarkable accomplishment.
If it hadn't been for Lindbergh's luck and his knowledge of flying, he could never have succeeded in crossing the Atlantic.
Linda was called back from college by her father's sudden illness.
Linda came home late at night.
Linda came into the building.
Linda stood up to sing.
Linda will try to have her own way in everything.
Linda went to the park to listen to the music.
Linda can dance as well as Meg.
Linda stuck her tongue out.
Such was Linda's disappointment that she burst into tears.
Linda was wildly excited to learn that her aunt Nancy was coming to visit her.
Linda loves chocolate.
Linda is sixteen, but had no trouble passing for twenty.
Money burns a hole in Linda's pocket.
Linda's husband was two-timing her.
Linda does not dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
How did you like Linda's concert?
Because of Linda's outstanding grades last semester, I have arranged for her to visit Europe.
Who taught you to play the piano?
Linda Wood was standing at the door.
The child who was caught stealing apples bravely faced the music in accepting his punishment.
Take the skin off before you eat the apple.
I am eating an apple.
Would you like another apple?
She bit into the apple.
Apples grow on trees.
I'd like two kilos of apples.
Do you like apples?
The apples are not quite ripe.
They sell apples at five dollars each.
Apples are sold by the dozen.
All the apple trees were cut down.
The apple tree has a beautiful blossom.
The apple trees grew old and new ones were planted.
I didn't know apple trees grow from seeds.
Half of the apples are rotten.
The apple-blossom was touched by the frost.
There is a pen between the apple and the book.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
Which do you like best, apples, oranges or grapes?
The apple fell from the tree.
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?
The apples are ripe.
Some apples fell down from the tree.
An apple fell off the tree.
One of the apples fell to the ground.
An apple fell to the ground.
Would you like to exchange links?
The life of Lincoln is read by children all over the world.
Lincoln was opposed to slavery.
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.
Lincoln granted liberty to slaves.
Lincoln set the slaves free.
Lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the United States.
Lincoln was a great statesman.
Lincoln is a great person.
Lincoln is admired because of his leadership.
Lincoln is one of the greatest figures in American history.
Lincoln died in 1865.
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
Lincoln's parents remained poor all their lives.
Lincoln ordered that all the slaves in the country should be set free.
We associate the name of Lincoln with freedom.
What operas are being performed at the Lincoln Center right now?
Can you tell me how to get to Lincoln Center?
A runner must pass the baton in a relay race.
The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
In order to relax, I need to listen to soothing music.
You should take the shuttle bus.
Please relax.
What time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport?
Where should I wait for the shuttle bus?
Could you tie it with a ribbon?
Where can I find a shuttle bus?
What's the fare to Liverpool?
A trip to the Riviera should do you good.
Meanwhile, the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room.
She lives near the edge of Wripple, so she drives in every day.
A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
Mr Rich acknowledged her favor.
Ritsuko is something of an authority on the subject.
Rick was over the moon about passing the exam.
Rick and Carol broke up two months ago, but he's still carrying a torch for her.
I haven't seen Rick since he returned from New Zealand.
Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.
Richard said his mother was ill, which is a lie.
Richard is fair, even to people he does not like.
Richard Roberts is the author of numerous books.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Mrs. Richards.
Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing.
The best approach to Lisbon is by sea.
The squirrel was busy gathering nuts.
Squirrels are quick of movement.
A squirrel hid among the branches.
Squirrels are nimble in climbing trees.
Listening practice tends to be monotonous.
After getting downsized he started off on a clean slate and started a business working out of a home office.
The list is as follows.
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
Her name wasn't on the list.
I added his name to the list.
Strike his name from the list.
Don't leave my name out of your list.
Liz has been dead for eight years.
Lisa told me that she had tried natto.
Lisa speaks not only English but also French.
Lisa bears a grudge against Stan.
Lisa, keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy our train tickets.
Lisa, this is Mr Murata. He's my boss.
Rika had a good time singing at the party.
Mrs. Lee is a great talker.
A more plausible proposal is the one Leech presented in conjunction with Emmet's theory.
The leader gave up the plan in despair.
The leader should know where to set up the tent.
The conflicts among leaders resulted in unhealthy sectionalism.
The lamp hung from the ceiling.
The light of the lamp glimmered in the fog.
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
The lamp was swinging back and forth.
The lamp went out, and all was black.
Do you have a business acquaintance in Randolph., Ltd?
Where is the laundry?
You can get in touch with me at Hotel Landmark.
Are there any detergents in the laundry?
Two for the lunch buffet, please.
I'll bring lunch.
Lander assumes that rioting and gang behavior are a result of poverty and poor economic conditions.
It is worth noting that Lander made the necessary modifications.
It is not clear whether Lander intended to alter Emmet's style from the beginning.
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan.
Even if you don't like rum, try a glass of this.
A Cuba Libre is a cocktail with a rum base.
It says on the label to take two tablets.
Few students can read Latin.
Latin is a highly inflected language.
The parallel with English becomes even more striking when we realize that Latin continued to be used for many hundreds of years more as the world's first "international language."
If you want to eat at Raffle's, you must reserve weeks ahead.
Rap is crap.
It is in early spring that daffodils come into bloom.
Russell was a brilliant philosopher, but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him.
During the rush hours we find it difficult to get a taxi around here.
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
I would rather leave early than travel on rush-hour trains.
Going to school during the rush hour is tiring and unpleasant.
I was caught in the rush hour.
A rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours.
I really enjoyed betting in Las Vegas.
It's horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic.
It's easy to lose track of time when you are in Las Vegas.
Last call!
Listening to the radio, I heard the telephone ring.
While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
I'm listening to the radio.
I had my radio repaired by him.
Who is the inventor of the radio?
Shut off the radio.
Unless you turn the radio off, I will go mad.
Turn off the radio, please.
Would you mind turning off the radio?
Will you please turn down the radio?
I took the radio apart to repair it.
Can I borrow your radio?
Will it bother you if I turn on the radio?
Do you mind if I turn on the radio?
Do you mind my turning on the radio?
Turn on the radio.
Please turn on the radio.
I found that I could not study well with the radio on.
I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
The radio will not work.
Radio is a great invention.
The radio gave a warning of bad weather.
The radio was invented by Marconi.
The radio gave place to television.
It is not easy to speak naturally on the radio.
I have to change the batteries in the radio.
The blare of the radio burst upon our ears.
Please turn down the radio.
Turn the radio up a little.
Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
Turn down the radio.
Could you turn down the radio?
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?
The radio is too loud.
The radio doesn't work.
If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing.
The radio is disturbed by noises.
Turn the radio down.
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North.
We listened to his lecture on the radio.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
The radio warned us of the possibility of flooding.
There is a short program of local news on the radio.
Did you hear the news on the radio this morning?
The radio is too loud. Turn the volume down.
The radio is a bit loud.
The radio is out of order.
The radio broadcast the news in detail.
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.
Hold the racket tight.
Can I rent rackets?
Send me a racket and my tennis shoes.
Playing rugby, he got injured.
Rugby is an outdoor game.
Rugby is a sport which is never called off by rain.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
The rugby ball is shaped something like an egg.
How many people do you need for a rugby game?
Rugby, American football, and Australian rules football all come from soccer.
A camel can store a large amount of water in the hump on its back.
It goes without saying that camels are very useful in the Middle East.
Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
Our journey by camel was quite an experience.
A long train of camels was moving to the west.
If you go near a camel, you risk being bitten.
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
The Rhine is the boundary between France and Germany.
The Rhine runs between France and Germany.
We must wait for a few weeks to see the lilacs.
A rifle shot broke the peace of the early morning.
The Wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine.
Do you have any light beer?
We would now like to have some sample flashlights.
Please turn off the light.
Mr Wright speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
Have you got a lighter?
I put my lighter down somewhere and now I can't find it.
Do you have a lighter?
I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it.
Can I have seconds on rice and cabbage?
Lisa is so skillful that she can even make screws and similar small objects for herself.
We've got to catch the lion alive.
Lions are in the cage.
The lion is called the king of animals.
The lion is often used as a symbol of courage.
The lion is the king of beasts.
Lions feed on flesh.
The lion is king of beasts.
Lions live on other animals.
The lion ripped the flesh from the dead giraffe.
The lions fought with each other to get food.
The lion opened its huge mouth and roared.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
The lion struggled to get out of his cage.
The lion ate the rabbit in one bite.
The lion walked to and fro in its cage all day.
Did you hear the roar of the lions?
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
The lion and the tiger are two different species of cat.
What's the difference between lions and leopards?
The Lions had an easy win over the Hawks.
The Lions caught up in the 7th inning.
Whether you pick the Lions or Tigers to win, the result will be a toss-up because both teams are equally strong.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
The lion put an end to his prey with one stroke.
Mrs. Lark played the piano and the children sang.
The salt, if you please.
Please come here soon if you don't mind.
Thank you in advance.
Lay these books on my desk, if you don't mind.
You may come if you like.
I will be over tomorrow if you like.
If you like, I will teach you to play chess.
You all right?
I'd like to be left alone for a while, if you don't mind.
Well, but what about the money?
Fair enough!
All right. I'll accept your offer.
The most credible hypothesis is the one that limits the number of elements in the domain T.
If you would like to have further information, please contact me.
We want further information.
On colder days, they curl up or dig a hole in the snow.
Many retired people move to the Sunbelt to enjoy sports such as golf or tennis in a milder climate.
In order to serve you better, your call may be monitored.
Why did you marry John, of all people?
Make more efforts.
Of all places to meet you!
Since we can't find a better one, let's make the best of what we have.
I could tell by the look on his face that he had come on very important business.
This was before John was put in prison.
John testified concerning him.
Now this is John's testimony, when the Jews of Jerusalem sent priests and Levites to ask him who he was.
Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, was one of the two who heard what John had said and who had.
Unless it's something fairly impressive, I won't remember it.
They usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place.
The yacht was at the mercy of the dreadful storm.
The yacht sailed before the wind.
Yachts are for the wealthy few.
The yacht sailed around a buoy.
It looks like Yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher.
It offers a mouth-watering selection of delights.
Put on your good shoes.
Cut it out!
Get set.
All right. I'll come as soon as possible.
All right, I will do it again.
Yoshio resembles his mother in personality and his father in appearance.
Whether it's good or not, let's do it anyway.
All right. It's a deal.
I'll lend you one if you like.
Mind your own business.
It is no business of yours.
Do you travel a lot?
I can't sleep well.
Put out the light so that you can get a good sleep.
I was at my best after a good sleep.
I've had a good sleep.
After sleeping well, I felt much better.
I slept well, after which I felt much better.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Work hard, or you will fail.
I didn't hear you.
I can't hear very well.
Listen carefully.
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall.
Listen carefully, or you'll miss what he says.
I often have post-nasal drip.
Her name often escapes me.
I often see him.
If you drive with anything less than extreme caution, you're risking your life.
You should look up all unfamiliar words in a dictionary.
I used to work in a noisy room.
I'm often half-asleep.
Shake before using.
It seems that on clear, sunny days they could also use the sun to find their way home.
Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
A sound sleep made me feel better.
The pencil which writes well is mine.
I urinate involuntarily.
Much as we resemble one another, none of us are exactly alike.
In a similar situation, the company was held liable.
Hard use has worn this bag.
Give me another couple of days to think it over.
I'll sleep on it.
Put on your thinking cap and try to remember whose house you slept at last night.
After some careful thought, I elected to stay at home.
After mature reflection, I've decided to accept their offer.
I would often go fishing in the lake.
You must keep your eyes open.
Don't make me laugh.
I would often go skating on the lake.
I often get conjunctivitis.
I often feel extremely exhausted.
I feel depressed often.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Well do I remember the day.
Well do I remember the first day we met.
I don't remember exactly, but I suppose it was Friday last week.
Do you eat out often?
I often go to the movies.
I wonder what has become of the friend I used to go fishing with.
Watch your leader and act accordingly.
You are doing very well. Keep it up.
I wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day.
How dare you say such a thing to her!
How dare he complain?
He felt a resentment against his uncle for taking him in.
How dare you laugh at me!
How dare you speak like that to me?
How dare you ask me for help!
You really made me lose face.
How dare you say such a thing!
How dare you talk to me like that!
How dare you behave so rudely!
What a nerve!
How dare you behave like that!
I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
How can you stand all these noises?
I applaud your decision to quit smoking.
You should talk. You only got a 65.
He's the one who made an excursion there.
Do you have this symptom often?
I sneeze a lot.
Tom was late for class, as is often the case.
He was not at home, as is often the case with him.
John was not at home, as is often the case with him.
She forgot her umbrella, as is often the case with her.
He returned home very late, as was often the case.
As was often the case with him, he came late.
As is often the case, he was late for school.
As often happens, he slept right through the lesson.
Henry was not at home, as is often the case with him.
As is often the case, the boy ran away from home.
How can you tolerate that rude fellow?
How dare you say that!
A good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation.
Happy is a man who marries a good wife.
It backfired on me despite my good intentions.
For better or worse, there is nothing for it but to leave the matter in his hands.
Come along with us if you like.
Good. No absentees.
The European likes to drink wine.
Europeans tried to civilize the tribe.
While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
I traveled about Europe.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Europe.
I've never been to Europe.
Europe is a continent of energetic peoples.
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.
In most of the countries in Europe, cars have to keep to the right.
The war in Europe was carried into Africa.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
No city in Europe is as populous as Tokyo.
I've just been to the airport to see off a friend who was leaving for Europe.
I hear he met with some kind of misfortune while he was in Europe.
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now?
Europe is now reported to be entirely free of new cases of this disease.
There are a lot of different people in Europe.
I visited Paris in Europe.
While in Europe, she visited Rome.
Fatigue follows a flight to Europe.
Past the west coasts of Europe and Africa to the tip of southern Africa.
I hope you will have a good time in Europe.
School starts in September in Europe.
In Europe, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
All right! You will be sorry for this.
Yoko translated some poems from Japanese into English.
Yoko is interested in collecting stamps.
At last, they were reconciled.
I finally talked her into lending me the book.
Eventually it was decided that the stores be equipped with surveillance cameras.
I am finally quits with the man.
It is finally all over. Now we can relax.
It is finally all over.
Finally, Susan cuts her mother short, promises to write, and hangs up.
Finally, I have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
In short, all our efforts resulted in nothing.
In the last analysis, methods don't educate children; people do.
Welcome to the machine.
I'm glad you could come to the party.
Yo, my man!
We have a saying to the effect that a good neighbor is better than a faraway relative.
I am happy to have so many good friends.
There is no one who doesn't want to have good friends.
It is important for us to choose good friends.
Good leather will wear for years.
Sweet dreams!
A good method for investing is a monthly allotment.
Good traditions should be preserved.
Do you think we'll have good weather?
Nice weather added to our pleasure.
A nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
Good news was in store for us at home.
If you have a good garden, it will enhance the value of your house.
There never was a good war nor a bad peace.
All that you have to do to get a good seat is to leave early.
I went to the theater quite early with a view to getting a good seat.
Go early in order to get a good seat.
Good students always keep their desk clean.
Making good grades requires studying hard.
The true secret of writing a good letter is to write as if you were talking.
Have a good weekend!
Good food and enough sleep are absolutely necessary to good health.
Two years went by before I could find a good job.
This will be one of the best memories of my life.
Keep a good dictionary at hand.
A good idea came across my mind.
If you want to do good work, you should use the proper tools.
Let's hope for good results.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
A good pair of glasses will help you to read.
Good students study hard.
Good fences make good neighbors.
It is not so difficult to appreciate good music.
To write good English requires a lot of practice.
Good movies broaden your horizons.
Have a nice day.
To be a good batter, you've got to hang loose and follow your instincts.
You must educate your tongue to distinguish good coffee from bad.
A good coach trains this team.
Can you recommend me a good camera?
I wish you a Happy New Year.
It's a nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
Warmest Easter wishes for you.
Have a nice day!
Lilies smell sweet.
The whiteness of the lily is a symbol of purity.
A smell of lilies filled the room.
Yuriko arranges flowers in her spare time.
The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
The baby in the cradle is very pretty.
Look at the baby sleeping in the cradle.
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
Yumi has much money now.
Look at the cute little baby sleeping in the cradle.
Yumi can't finish it in a day.
Who runs faster, Yumi or Keiko?
Yumiko was a little angry.
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
Yumiko married a childhood friend last June.
I don't want to associate with Yumiko; she usually tells lies.
It is impossible for Yumi to finish it in a day.
Do you know what UNESCO stands for?
Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?
I have a connecting flight on UA 111.
Where's the counter for the United Airlines?
Walk slowly.
If you sit back and rest, you will feel much better.
Where is the boarding gate for UA 111?
Walk slowly, and I will catch up with you.
Take your time.
He slowly finished the race.
Take your time. We have all afternoon to shop.
Work slowly.
Work slowly, and you won't make mistakes.
Drive slowly.
Drive slowly. You might have an accident.
Speak slowly and clearly.
Only slowly did he begin to understand the situation.
Slow and steady wins the race.
I'll come provided you drive slowly.
Slow speech is characteristic of that man.
Won't you stay for tea?
Outside the mainstream of orthodox Judaism, the apocalyptic books were more successful with certain movements.
His wife's second cousin was a member of the Jewish ruling council.
When it was almost time for the Jewish Passover, Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
Hence 50 percent of the muscle can give way to fat.
The sense of humor is mysteriously bound up with national characteristics.
His father passed away last night in the hospital.
The bananas you brought to me last night were all bad.
Did you feel the earth shake last night?
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
I had a dreadful dream last night.
A strange thing happened last night.
There was thunder and lightning last night.
Did you enjoy yourself last evening?
There were five fires last night.
Last night I did not get a wink of sleep.
I had a good sleep last night.
Last night, I barely made the last train.
We had a very good time last night.
I could hardly get a wink of sleep last night.
The game was exciting last night.
I was expecting you last night.
There was a large audience at the piano recital last night.
There was a fire in this city last night. We can't tell exactly what time it broke out.
There was a fire in this city last night.
Our car broke down last night.
What is a UFO?
Yuji told his friend a story about his adventure during the summer vacation.
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.
Mrs. Young wouldn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
Mrs. Young didn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
Mr Young has no less than six cars.
Miss Young is very kind.
Mr. Young wishes his son would study harder.
The Yankees got the better of the Dodgers.
I can hear the soft breathing.
Maybe I will settle down with a woman.
Well, here we are!
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
You can improve your English if you try.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
I have a lot of homework to do.
Much still remains to be done.
Do your best in anything you do.
Little remains to be done.
I was disappointed at there being so little to do.
If you try at all, you should try your best.
If you do it at all, do it well.
There are a lot of ways of doing it.
Show me how to do it, please.
Do what you have left undone, if anything.
Don't overdo it.
I simply haven't the time to do everything I want to do.
We worked hard to make ends meet.
It is challenging and I am learning a lot.
Get 'em before they get you!
Having much to do, I felt depressed.
He stuck to his opinion though I told him not to.
Stop, I say.
Don't do that!!! There's a computer at the drug store.
Stop that, or I'll fix your wagon.
Stop it. You're being ridiculous.
Stop it! I'm a Giants fan.
I've told you over and over again not to do that.
I disliked the idea of the necessary call, but it had to be done.
He was compelled to sign the contract.
I was compelled to leave school.
Far from stopping, the storm became much more intense.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let well enough alone.
I think the Thai food at this place is seasoned so Japanese will like it.
I studied his face for signs of weariness.
I showed them the difference of ability.
He stabbed me in the back!
You managed it after all.
You get rusty if you haven't spoken English for a long time.
You're just the kind of person I imagined you'd be.
I was easily taken in by his smooth talk.
I got a driver's license at last.
I have finally regained my regular form.
The weather has settled at last.
Well, here we are at last!
At last, I graduated from junior high school.
Finally, we found a point of compromise.
It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up.
At last, the truth became known to us.
At last, my turn came.
I finally got a job.
At last, we made contact with the police.
After all that, the pain went away.
Thank God it's Friday!
At last, we were home!
At last, the end-of-term exams are over.
Pick a job that you enjoy and working will seem easy.
Finally, I finished a painting.
So, we finally meet! I've waited so long for this moment.
The rain stopped at last.
I finally found my way out of the confusing maze.
At last, Mary recovered her senses.
At last, the bus stopped.
At long last he made up his mind to propose to her.
The meaning dawned upon me at last.
The tulips budded finally.
At last, James Bond made it as an actor.
I'm glad I've finally caught you.
In the end, I found out what was wrong with my TV.
What is good to do cannot be done too soon.
Do to others as you would be done by.
You'll succeed if you try.
You can do it if you try.
You never know what you can do till you try.
I think it better not to try.
I found it easy when I gave it a try.
Try as he might, he couldn't get the door open.
I found it impossible to get in contact with him.
I tried, only to fail.
I have a lot of activities which take up my time.
I felt I had hit the jackpot.
It is the first step which is troublesome.
The problem was how to drive quickly and safely to the house.
In order to lose weight some people skip meals.
I have to lose weight, so I'm on a diet.
In order to lose weight, it is best to take up some sport.
Don't be a busybody.
If you want to lose weight, you'll have to be careful about what you eat.
Tenderness is an important element in a person's character.
Explain it in plain terms, please.
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.
Written in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Written in easy English, this book is suitable for beginners.
Written in simple English, this book is suitable for beginners.
I got blisters from the burn.
Cool the burned finger in running water.
Desperate men often do desperate things.
Before long, she will be a good teacher.
It will not be long before she regrets it.
By and by he forgot that affair.
In due time, his innocence will be proved.
The time will soon come when his words will come true.
Before long he came into the room.
It will not be long before the winter vacation ends.
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
It was not long before I caught up with him.
By and by, the bitter north wind began to blow.
By and by the moon appeared on the horizon.
Before long, the moon began to appear.
Coming events cast their shadows before.
I hope it will clear up soon.
It may rain soon.
Love will come in time.
By and by the party ended and everyone went home.
In time, Tom came to love her.
The day will soon come when there will be no more wars in the world.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out.
It will not be long before you accommodate yourself to the new circumstances.
In due course, eating meat will be considered as horrible as eating human flesh.
By and by it will become colder again.
Hello, Meg, how have you been?
I haven't seen you for a long time, Bill.
Hello, John! How are you?
Hi! What's new?
Hello, how's business?
"Now, boys." he said.
Hey, Bob. Where do you have your car washed?
Hi, Fred, how about badminton on Thursday?
Hi, Bill. How are you?
Hello, Tom. Good morning.
Hello. Fancy meeting you here.
Hi! How are you?
Hello! Fancy meeting you here! It's a small world, isn't it?
How high is Mont Blanc?
Speaking with reporters in Montreal, Canada, Walesa says the change of leadership in East Germany came about because the old guard leaders missed the train of history.
The buses in Montgomery were segregated.
Montgomery was where it all began.
Mont Blanc is covered with snow all the year round.
Molly has a large clock.
Hey, Molly, why don't you come?
It is better to give than to take.
My allowance does not pay for my tuition.
The haze enveloped London.
The skin of peaches bruises easily.
I don't believe him any longer.
It's really wonderful seeing you again, Momoe.
I'm confident that there won't be a world war.
I don't trust him any longer.
I have nothing further to say.
There is no longer any room for doubt.
No one speaks this language anymore.
I do not need a loan anymore.
I have something to ask of you.
You'll never know unless you try.
It is hard to get to the heart of the thing.
He was flying down the road.
There has to be a first time for everything.
The sound of an awful scream made him shudder.
Measure the length of the stick with a ruler.
Try to see things as they really are.
Monet's art is representative of Impressionism.
Mona Lisa has a mild but mysterious smile.
I hope to make clear why I think Emmet's theory, originally introduced in the field of design architecture, is so important in physics.
He is said to have been a man of respectable position.
Put it back where you found it.
I used to read novels at random.
I'll see if he is in.
Please put it back in its place.
A model must have an attractive body.
The modem was built into the computer.
You must be more polite.
May God show us a better life!
With more courage, I might have proposed to Mary.
In the absence of a better idea I had to choose this method.
I'd like it in a brighter color.
You should eat more vegetables.
I have promised myself to read more books.
You are bound to fail unless you study harder.
I regret that I did not work harder.
You will fail unless you work harder.
You're old enough to know better.
Do you have better quality ones?
More often than not, she had to go in person.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
I wish I were taller.
Let's go by bus to see more of the city.
I will tell you more about Japan.
You should have talked more politely.
Drive more carefully, or you will run into trouble.
Drive more carefully, or you will have an accident.
You must learn to be more careful.
A careful reader would have noticed the mistake.
Do your work with more care.
I've told you again and again to be more careful.
Be more careful, or you will make mistakes.
How I wish I had been more careful!
With a little more care, he wouldn't have failed.
If you had been more careful, you would not have met with an accident.
Speak more slowly.
I want to buy a more expensive watch.
You don't have to leave me hanging like this. Why don't you just come out and tell it to me straight?
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
Raise your voice.
Could you speak louder? I'm hard of hearing.
Louder.
Speak louder, please.
Louder, please.
If it's possible, I'd like to exchange this for a larger size.
Do you have a larger size?
He was laid off until there was more work to do.
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
You are to get up earlier.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
Sorry I didn't reply sooner.
You should have warned him before.
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
I should have left earlier.
We should have set off earlier.
Please forgive me for not having written sooner.
She accused me of not writing to her sooner.
I ought to have made a hotel reservation earlier.
You should have started by now.
You should have told it to me sooner.
You ought to have come here earlier.
Sorry I didn't e-mail you sooner.
You need to eat more fiber.
Speak more quietly, please.
Less noise, please.
Tell me the more exact time.
It runs deeper than that.
Eat more fresh vegetables.
Eat more, or you won't gain strength.
You must gather further information.
Show me a better one.
Look up more.
I want more detailed information.
Moving to a smaller place will reduce the expenses.
Quieter!
Do you have any smaller sizes?
Be more flexible.
Do you have a smaller size?
I wish I were younger.
If I were younger, I would go abroad to study.
I wish we had more time.
If I had had more time, I would have written to you.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
I would have written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
Come closer to me.
You must treat them with more consideration.
I wish there was more variety in my work.
Try to be a more rational consumer.
You should try to behave better.
You must act more wisely.
We have to cut business expenses here. Haven't you ever heard of looking at how much you're getting before you start spending?
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
Come closer and have a good look at this picture.
With more education, he would have found a better job.
Put more spirit into your work.
Just take it easy.
Could you put it in plain language?
Please let me know if you need help in reserving a room closer to the Convention Center.
Sometimes I feel like living a more peaceful life.
If you don't get more exercise, you'll get fat.
I'm going to get more exercise.
Do more exercise, or you'll get too fat.
Will you please advise him to work harder?
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.
If you had studied harder, you would have passed the examination.
You had better have studied harder.
Could you reduce the price a little?
Haven't you got a cheaper edition?
Do you have anything cheaper?
Do you have any cheaper seats?
Can you give me a better price?
Show me a cheaper one, please.
Do you have less expensive ones?
Do you have anything less expensive?
How about some more roast beef?
Let's keep him in the dark until we know more.
Born in better times, he would have become famous.
Born in better times, he would have become a great scholar.
The education system needs to be more flexible.
Won't you speak more slowly?
He asked me to speak more slowly.
We appealed to our teacher to go more slowly.
Walk more slowly.
Could you drive more slowly?
You ought to eat more slowly.
Drive more slowly, or you'll get a ticket.
Could you speak more slowly, please?
The brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates.
The handsomest flower is not sweetest.
The fastest runner can't run 100 meters in 9 seconds.
It is that Emmet's theory is compatible with previous theories in physics that is of most significance.
Most important of all, the brain needs global reentry pathways connecting these anatomical structures.
You had better begin with easier questions.
Help yourself to more potato chips.
I should have come earlier.
Does anyone want some more pie?
I'll explain the matter to you later on.
I want a lot more.
Buckle down and get to work. Do you think we're on a Sunday picnic here?
Help yourself to more cookies.
Please help yourself to some more cake.
How about more fruit, Goro?
You should eat more fruit.
Would you care for more cookies?
I had hoped to save more money.
I wish I earned more money.
I'm going to save more money.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
You should exert yourself to get better results.
We would move to a bigger house if we had more money.
A pizza topped with mozzarella is my first choice.
Can you think of something better?
Benefits of course should exceed the costs.
Of course you can take it if you want.
Of course, neither goods nor mailing fee returned.
She'll do it as a matter of course.
She naturally accepted the invitation.
I'll certainly go and see him.
As a matter of course, he is quite right.
Of course I accepted his offer of support.
Of course, many senior citizens are happy with retirement.
Of course, there were concerts in the town.
Of course there should be local hospitals.
Yes, of course.
Of course it's difficult to gain access to the Prime Minister.
The magnets, of course, have a magnetic field around them.
Of course I will go.
Of course, I will be at the party.
Of course our lifestyle is different from America.
I took it for granted that you would join.
Air as well as sunlight is, needless to say, indispensable to our daily life.
Oh, sure, I studied English in my school days. But it wasn't until two or three years ago that I really started taking it seriously.
Of course, we must do our best.
It goes without saying that country life is healthier than town life.
Sure, go right ahead.
Definitely!
Of course I remember the news quite well.
Of course, you may.
Why not?
Of course they resemble each other in some ways.
As a matter of course, she passed the examination.
Of course I can drive a car very well.
I am against the war, of course.
Of course, I'm young, and politics is conducted by grown-ups.
Of course, I will go there with you.
I am, of course.
Of course, to be valuable, an old carpet must be in good condition.
Why not? I'd be happy to.
Of course Darwin, like many of his contemporaries, wished to be seen as following the Newtonian method.
By all means. Go ahead.
I will help you, of course.
Every man for his own trade.
Modern jazz is not to my taste.
Modern jazz is not my line.
The day is breaking soon.
Once I learned what to listen for, I came to appreciate modern jazz.
It's best to wear a cap on your head during the cold Moscow winters.
You've got another four day's journey before you reach Moscow.
If your essay is on the short side, you can always pad it out with a few quotations.
If anyone comes in my absence, tell him that I won't come back till evening.
If it had not been for the storm, we would have been in time for the meeting.
If you can, come with us.
Come if possible.
If you care to, come with us.
If we had wings, could we fly to the moon?
You'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels.
Provided you have a reservation, you can check in anytime.
If you have a certificate of immunization, please bring it when you come.
What would you do if you saw a ghost?
If you can't keep your promise, what excuse will you make?
If you have any interesting books, lend me some.
I will go out if it is fine tomorrow.
If it is sunny tomorrow, we will go on a picnic.
If it snows much tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
If it's a nice day tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
The game will be called off if it rains tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going to the meeting.
If it rains tomorrow, the baseball game will be put off.
If it is rainy tomorrow, the game will be put off.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go on a picnic.
If it should rain tomorrow, we would go by bus.
If it rains tomorrow, will you stay at home?
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.
If it rains tomorrow, let's stay home.
Otherwise we will have to cancel this order.
If you want to make your dreams come true, keep on trying.
In case you sleep, set the alarm.
If it should rain tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
If he would help you, he might come to you at once.
What if he should happen to come late?
What if he should happen to be late?
What if he should fail?
If you should need any help, just let me know.
If I should fail again, I would give up the plan.
If I happen to end up going abroad, I'd probably go for France.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
If it should rain, he will not come.
If John should call me, tell him I'll be back at seven.
What would you do if the world were to come to an end tomorrow?
If she should come to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
If I should fail, what would my parents say.
If you're sure you're not in a hurry, I can use a little help.
If it were not for books, life would be boring.
If my brother were here, he would know what to do.
Were I you, I would ignore it.
Were I you, I would follow his advice.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
If you are busy, I will help you.
If my mother were still alive, she would have helped me.
If you come upon a new word in a sentence, what will you do with it?
Even if you lose the game, you'll have another chance.
If it had not been for his father's help, he would have failed in business.
If you have any complaints, let me know, and I'll look into them.
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.
If I were not ill, I would join you.
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
Let me help you, if necessary.
If necessary, I'll come at nine tomorrow.
I'll go and meet him, if it's necessary.
If you are tired, go to bed.
If he hadn't been tired, he would've gone.
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
If I knew her name and address, I could write to her.
If I knew her address, I would write to her.
If I had known her address, I could have visited her.
If I had noticed her, I would have got her autograph.
If she hadn't made waves about it, she never would have got her money back.
If she'd set off now, she would make it on time.
There is no telling what would happen if she doesn't show up.
With a little more patience, she would have succeeded.
If she visits France again, she will have been there three times.
If she were here now, I would tell her the truth.
If she had trusted you, she wouldn't have done so.
If you call him a clever man, he may be happy.
To look at him, you would take him to be a foreigner.
If they hadn't found the vase, John would have been accused of stealing it.
If it were not for his help, I might fail.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
If it had not been for his advice, I might have failed.
If it hadn't been for his help, she might have drowned.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
If I knew his address, I would get in touch with him right away.
If I had known his address, I would have written.
As I didn't know his address, I couldn't write to him.
If I knew his address, I could write to him.
With his support, she might have been elected mayor.
If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in our enterprise.
If it were not for his assistance, we could not carry out the project.
If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in business.
The firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice.
She wouldn't have married him if she had known him better.
If he had enough time, he might have done good work.
If you happen to see him, please give him my best regards.
If you do that to him, he will cut your throat.
We will help him if he asks us.
You'll have to take his place in case he can't come.
If he comes, tell him to wait for me.
If he came tomorrow, I would have more time to talk.
If he had told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
She would have fallen into the pond if he had not caught her by the arm.
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
If he had known her phone number, he could have called her up.
If he had heard her advice, he would have succeeded.
If it hadn't been for his advice, I couldn't have succeeded.
If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
If he had been honest, I would have employed him.
If he sends me any letters, I just tear them up and throw them away.
If he had not picked me up, I would not be here now.
I'll be deeply affected by his death.
He ought to be punished if he commits a crime.
If he doesn't get a letter from me once a month, he will reveal the Pope's secret to the world.
Born in a rich family, he would have studied in England.
If he is absent, we will not have an English test.
If he will not work hard, he will be fired.
If you hear anything new from him, please let me know about it.
If he had worked harder, he might be a rich man now.
If he will come, I will wait for him till he comes.
If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
Had he known the facts, the accident might have been avoided.
Had he known the truth, he would have told me.
He would still be alive had he refused to go to the battlefield then.
He would not say so if he didn't know about that.
If he were here, what would he say?
If he comes, so much the better.
If he comes, show him into my room.
If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
If he carries on drinking like that, he's going to have a problem.
If he had left at ten, he would have arrived here by now.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought the book.
If you are ever in Japan, come and see me.
You may take the book if you can read it.
I'll come at three o'clock if it is convenient to you.
If it's convenient come here tonight.
If the telephone rings, can you answer it?
Without telephones, it would be inconvenient.
I'm not here if anybody calls.
If anybody calls, get his number.
If it were not for electricity, our civilized life would be impossible.
Can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity?
The gathering will be large if the weather is good.
I mean to go tomorrow if the weather is fine.
Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
He says that if he were a bird he would fly to me.
If you ever come to town, come to see me.
If it had not been for the map, I would have lost my way.
What would become of our city if an earthquake were to hit it?
If anyone comes to see me, tell him that I am out.
If anybody comes, tell him that I am out.
If you want to go to college, study English harder.
If they admit me to the university, I think I will major in economics.
But that he was idle, he would have succeeded.
I will come provided I feel well enough.
I will come provided I am well enough.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never give up the plan.
If the sun were to go out, all living things would die.
If the sun were to stop shining, all living things would die.
If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live.
If it were not for the sun, every living thing would die.
If it were not for the sun, no living creatures could exist on the earth.
If it were not for the sun, we could not live at all.
Other things being equal, the simplest explanation is the best.
Supposing war broke out, what would you do?
If a player hit the tree with the ball, it meant that the crops would grow successfully.
What will become of us if a war breaks out?
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
If you are to be successful, you are to do your best.
If you are to succeed, you must work hard.
If our neighbors around the world are in need, let's lend a helping hand.
If it were not for water, human life would be impossible.
If it were not for water, nothing could live.
If it were not for water, no creature could live.
If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
If it were not for water, humans could not survive.
If it were not for water, we could not live.
If it were not for water, there would be no life on the earth.
If you have a medical certificate, bring it.
He is nothing, if not kind.
You'd better not swim if you've just eaten.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
If wisely used, money can do much.
If you are to win, you should do your best.
But for my advice, you would have failed.
What do you think would happen if it were not for books?
If I had enough money, I would buy that nice car.
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
If I had 25% more income, I'd be more satisfied with my life.
Suppose you are fired, what will you do first?
If you have any difficulty, ask me for help.
If the car is gone, he can't be at the office.
If the number of cars increases, so will the traffic.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
If they don't have a car, they'll come by taxi.
What would you do, if you lost your job?
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
I will come, time permitting.
If you have time, please drop in on us.
If he had failed the exam, what would he have done?
If the accident happens, report to me.
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
Before going home, I have a few drinks to relax.
Suppose that we miss the last train, what should we do?
If a burglar came into my room, I would throw something at him.
If anything should ever happen to me, you can look here.
If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
If not for my advice, you would have failed.
If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
If I had enough time, I would talk with you.
If I had wings to fly, I would have gone to save her.
But for my family, I would not work so hard.
But for my family, I would not have worked so hard.
If I had had enough money, I could have bought it.
If we all pull together we should be able to get the country out of the mess it's in.
If we want a peaceful life, we cannot help objecting to war.
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
It would be splendid if we could go there, wouldn't it?
If I don't come back, the venture will probably be unsuccessful.
If I had known his address, I would have written to him.
Were I a bird, I would fly to you.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
In case I am late, you don't have to wait for me.
If I were a boy, I could join a baseball team.
If I had worked hard in my youth, I would be successful now.
If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
If I were to die, what would my family do?
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
Were I in your position, I would oppose that plan.
If I were in your place, I would not do so.
Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn't have agreed.
If I was you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
If I were you, I should not do such a thing.
If I had been with you, I could have helped you.
If I were you, I would go home at once.
If I were rich, I would study abroad, but as it is I can't do so.
If I were rich, I would buy a fine house.
If I were free, I could help you.
If I knew it, I would tell it to you.
If I were free, I would accept his invitation.
If I had known it, I would have told it to you.
If I had known about it, I would have changed my plan.
Had I known about it, I would have told you.
If I had been rich, I would have given you some money.
If I had enough money, I could buy it.
If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
Were I in your place I would do the same thing.
If I were you, I would trust her.
Were I in your position, I would do it at once.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave London.
If I were you, I would accept his offer.
If I were you, I would have done the same thing in such a difficult situation.
If I were you, I would apply for the scholarship.
I would be more careful if I were you.
If I were you, I wouldn't do a thing like that.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
If your child drinks poison, rush him to the hospital.
Were I free from work, I could read these books.
Without oxygen, all animals would have disappeared long ago.
If our last batter had not finally hit a home run, our team would have lost the game.
Refer to the Users' Guide if you have any problems.
If she were here now, I could tell her the truth.
If his father wasn't there, he'd be poor right now.
If it were Sunday today, we would go fishing.
If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
If a high hill stood between A and B, it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it, pierce it with a tunnel, or make a detour to avoid it.
You can go if you want to.
If the plant is completed next year, a new production manager will have to be hired.
If you have no liking for modern music, you will not enjoy this concert.
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
If an oversight is the reason why you have not paid, please send us the amount due, and let us solve the problem immediately.
It will go hard with him if he is found out.
If the demolition of buildings is uncontrolled, a fine city is in danger of becoming nothing more than a concrete jungle.
If I were in good health, I could pursue my studies.
If I were healthy, I could go on a hike.
If I had known about the plan, I could have helped him.
If I were in your place, I wouldn't do such a thing.
But for his advice, I could not finish it.
But for your help, he would have failed.
If it had not been for your help, my father would have failed.
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
With your help, I could succeed.
If she knew your address, she would write to you.
If it were not for your help, I could not run this store.
To look at him, you'd take him for a girl.
You must work hard if you are to succeed.
If you are to realize your dream, you must work harder.
If you want to be on time, you should be there by 11 o'clock.
If you are to succeed in the exam, you must study hard.
If you had helped me, I could have accomplished the work.
I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
If you will help us, we will be very glad.
If you are a member of a primitive community and you wish to produce, say, food, there are two things that you must do.
If you hurry, you will soon overtake her.
You're playing with fire if you insist on riding your motorcycle without a helmet on.
Were you to know the fact you would be surprised.
Had you run all the way, you'd have got there in time.
If you had parked your car here, you would have been fined.
If only you were here, I could consult you about it.
If you had missed that bus, you might not be here now.
Suppose you had ten million yen, what would you do?
If it were not for air and water, nothing could live.
If it were not for air and water, nothing alive would exist.
If it were not for the air, planes could not fly.
They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
If I got rich, I would buy it.
If I had money, I could buy it.
Thousands of lives will be at stake if emergency food does not arrive there within a few days.
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
If you hurry, you will overtake him.
Let me know in case you feel sick.
If she's not careful she'll tear a ligament doing that.
Should you change your mind, let me know.
You may go home if you want to.
There will be hell to pay if I don't make this deadline.
Correct me if I am wrong.
He seems to be afraid of being laughed at if he makes a mistake.
If the patient is unconscious, the family can make the decision.
What will become of our offspring if a nuclear war breaks out?
But for everybody's support, I would not have passed the examination.
If the vase is not found, John may be accused of stealing it.
If a fire should break out, I would make off with my flute.
If I had time, I would study French.
If anything goes wrong, I'll answer for the consequences.
In case anything happens, call me immediately.
If I were to live abroad, I would live in Britain.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
Please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way.
If that's false, she's a liar.
If it rains, take the washing in.
If it rains, the excursion will be called off.
If it's raining, we don't plan to go hiking.
I will put off my departure if it rains.
Suppose it rains, what shall we do?
What would you do if you saw a man from another planet?
If you can use this typewriter perfectly in a month, you may keep it.
If it were not for great books, our lives would be much the poorer.
But for the safety belt, I wouldn't be alive today.
If he wanted to get to London today, he should leave now.
I am wondering if you would like to go and see Kabuki with me while staying in Japan.
Please come to my house next Saturday if you care to.
Until next weekend, if that's OK.
I'd like to invite you to lunch, if you're not busy.
Would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee?
If it is free, please send me a copy.
If they are not free, please let me know how much the catalogue and the postage to Japan are.
If you wish us to reserve an alternative room, please let us know immediately.
If peace cannot be maintained with honor, it is no longer peace.
If he told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
If the brain is dead, we should let the patient die.
If he had carried the map with him, he wouldn't have got lost.
If you cannot make full remittance, please get in touch with me by October 28, 1998.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought the bag.
If I were to tell him the truth, he would be angry.
If I were to be reborn, I would like to be a bird.
If I had to define life in a word, it would be: Life is creation.
If I could have a wish, I'd wish I could make up for lost time.
If you should have any trouble, don't hesitate to come to me.
If you are having temporary financial problems and it is the cause of your outstanding account, let us know about it.
If anything comes up that you don't understand, come to me.
You'd better put aside some money for a rainy day.
You'd not have been in the rush hour if you had left home earlier.
Had he worked harder, he could have succeeded.
If I had more time, I would learn how to dance.
And if I lose thy love, I lose my all.
If the machine is damaged, you are responsible.
Hello. May I speak to Mr Johnson, please?
Hello. This is Joe Carlton. May I speak to Michael?
Hello. This is Ogawa speaking.
Are you there?
Excuse me. That fare is not enough.
Hello, it's me. Could you come pick me up at the station?
Hello, I'm Tomoko Sato from Japan.
Hello, is this the personnel department?
Hello. Is this the Gotos' residence?
Hello, is the accountant there, please?
Excuse me, but do you need any help?
Hello, is Mr Freeman in?
Hello, this is Mike.
Operator, I'd like to place a call to Winnipeg, Canada, but I can't quite remember the number.
If we have not covered all the questions you asked, please inform us.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world would have been changed.
With a little more patience, you would have succeeded.
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed in my business.
Please let us know if we can be of help in other ways.
If the delay is simply an oversight, will you please take care of it at once?
We accept making a reduction in price of 5% if this will help you to develop a new market for our products.
If music be the food of love, play on.
Please let me know if I can provide you with any further information, or if you would like to contact me for questions.
Please disregard this notice if your shipment has already been made.
Should you have settled the account since this mail was written, please ignore our reminder.
Please let me know immediately if you would like to use this computer.
If Mary knew how to swim, she would go to the beach more often.
If Bob had taken my advice, everything would be all right now.
If you want any more wine, go to the cellar and get some.
If you happen to hear of anybody that wants to buy a house, please let me know.
If he has time, he will come.
If you are going to have a party, please count me in.
I will help you if possible.
If you fail, you can always ask for his help.
Had I known it, I'd have told you about that.
If I had known it, I would have gone there.
If you are to do it, you must make a good start.
You need your parents' permission if you are going to apply for that.
Suppose it were true, what would you do?
If it is true, it follows that Nakagawa is guilty.
If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn't pay tax at all.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
If you find the man, please let me know at once.
If that washing machine goes wrong again, I shall complain to the manufacturer.
If you had not followed the doctor's advice then, you might be ill now.
If it had not been for the accident, we would have been in time.
To investigate the incident would take us at least three weeks.
If you see the sight, you'll go bananas.
But for the doctor's care, the patient would not be alive.
If I had known the news, I would have told you.
If he could not answer the riddle, he would be eaten.
If you will lend me the money, I shall be much obliged to you.
Had it not been for the money, we would not have succeeded.
If I had the money, I would make a trip around the world.
If he had been there, I could have given him your message.
If it were not for sports, how dull school life would be!
If all went according to her plan, she would be in great demand.
If Sue is coming by air, she ought to arrive very soon.
Please tell me if I get in your way.
If Jane's mother were in Japan, I could invite her to the Doll's Festival.
I should like to call on you this evening.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
If it were not for the computer, how inconvenient our lives would be!
If he carries on like this, he's going to wind up in prison.
If you think this is wrong, you must speak out.
If this proposal is put into practice, the business world will be affected to a significant degree.
We're going to find ourselves in difficulty if we carry on like this.
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
If she had not studied English here, she could not have passed the examination.
If the coffee is too strong, add some more water.
If your coffee is too strong, add some sugar.
If you eat any cake, I'll whip you.
If Grace had not studied so hard, she would surely have failed the test.
You will have to take his place in case he cannot come.
If he had been honest, they would have employed him.
If I had enough money, I would buy the book.
It might rain tomorrow.
He might come tomorrow.
Is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter?
Hey, has this been sitting out on the dinner table all day? It has to go in the refrigerator or it'll go bad.
Do you happen to know how to get downtown from here?
It might rain before evening.
He might change his mind.
It occurs to me that I may have misunderstood you.
If you come this way by any chance, drop in to see me.
He said that if he had much money, he would buy the dictionary.
If you need any money, I'll lend you some.
If you want any money, I will lend you some.
If I had money, I would buy that camera. As it is, I cannot buy it.
If you don't have money, you have to do without.
I might have to be very angry with you if you were to come alone.
If Grandma doesn't come, the children will be disappointed.
Without the ozone layer, we would be in danger.
If I'm away from home for a period of time, I will stop mail delivery.
If something doesn't make sense, it probably isn't logical.
If it hadn't been for the storm, we would have been in time.
Americans would have responded differently from Japanese.
If you want to study in the United States, you need to get a student visa.
Without water, the soldiers would have died.
If he had been with me then, I would not have done such a thing.
If he had not met with that accident, he would be alive now.
If I had been in time for the train, I would be there now.
Were it not for your help, I could never succeed.
If it had not been for your help, I would have failed.
If it had not been for your help, I would have lost the game.
But for your help, I could not have done it.
If it had not been for your help, we might have failed.
If it had not been for your help, I would certainly have failed.
Were I you, I would apply for the job.
If you can't come, send someone in your stead.
I should be very pleased if you could come.
If you are silent in a conversation or social situation for a long time, Americans will try to get you to talk.
If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I will, too.
If you didn't have him to exchange letters with, you would be lonely.
If you are to succeed, you must work harder.
Even if you know the truth, you had better pretend otherwise at present.
If you had not helped me, I would have failed.
Had it not been for your help, I would have been fired.
If you think you can get away with cheating on the exam, you've got another thing coming.
I will do it on condition that you support me.
If you were in my place, what would you do?
What would you say if you were in my place?
Don't forget that, if you are on a diet, skipping breakfast will not help you.
If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
Suppose it rains tomorrow, shall we still go on the picnic?
It will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow.
If he can do that, I will eat my hat.
Had we left home at seven, we could have arrived on time.
If you are to finish the work before June, you will have to work much better.
If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
What would you do if you were ten years younger?
If you come my way, drop in on me.
If I had had more money, I would have bought the pen.
If I were you, I would paint it blue.
Were I you, I would not do such a thing.
I apologize if I hurt your feelings.
If you break the clock again, you'll catch it from Mommy.
If it's going to require a total restructuring, I'm sure they will be satisfied with the old system.
Mrs. Brown warned Beth that if she didn't eat properly she would be permanently overweight.
If you were footing the bill, you wouldn't say that.
We don't have any more bread.
It's fruit fresh from the tree.
Please don't mumble.
I've been to the mall.
I don't really like the stores there.
Should we go to the mall?
A motel is like a hotel only much smaller and is used mostly by people traveling by automobile.
I'd like some information on motels.
Mozart was greater than any other composer of his time.
Mozart was brought up to be a musician.
The music of Mozart is always pleasing to me.
Mozart's life was very short.
Did you start to learn the piano when you were three, like Mozart?
It has been 200 years since Mozart died.
The motor started to run.
There is nothing the matter with the motor.
The motor does not function properly.
We're not getting anywhere.
Have you answered that letter yet?
It's about time you were independent of your parents.
You can leave now. I'll see to our luggage.
Have you eaten your dinner already?
I've already had my supper.
Have you eaten dinner yet?
It's time you had a dose of your medicine.
It's midnight already.
It's already ten o'clock at night.
Even at nighttime, it was not quiet and peaceful any more.
There's no turning back.
I'm so full.
I really must say good-bye.
Have you read the book yet?
I'm appalled. You leave me speechless.
It's getting dark early around here. The sun seems to drop like a rock when autumn rolls around.
Have you got over your cold yet?
Have you cleaned your room yet?
You can leave the room now.
Have you called her yet?
It is time for her to go home.
Now that he has graduated, he must become more serious.
I can not put up with his insults any longer.
I can wait for him no longer.
Did you call him yet?
Have you met him already?
Have you met him yet?
I've had it with him.
I won't talk with him anymore.
It's high time you had your hair cut; it has grown too long.
Seeing that it is 8 o'clock, I think you should leave for school soon.
Here it's August and our summer vacation is nearly over.
It's out of stock, but I can give you a rain check.
Have you written all the New Year's cards already?
I feel my age.
Never again would she be curious about the city.
Never again would she want to live there.
You should not take to drinking again.
I've decided not to keep a dog again.
You had better not go there again.
Never be this late again.
You will be able to speak fluent English in another few months.
It's time you stood on your own two feet.
Have you worked out the answer yet?
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.
I haven't seen her for ages.
I'm beat. I've been working from dawn to dusk.
Have you eaten lunch yet?
I have already eaten lunch.
Have you eaten your lunch yet?
It's getting late. I don't wanna go home alone.
Seeing that it is late, we should go home.
It's late.
It's getting late, so we'd better get going.
As it is late, turn off the TV.
We'd better roll now.
Now that the weather is warmer, I can go outdoors.
No one trusts him any more.
Now that you are grown-up, it is up to you to decide what to do.
It's OK now. Don't worry. You can depend on me one hundred percent.
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
Now that you are a college student, you should know better.
Now you are a big boy, behave yourself.
I can't wait any more.
I don't feel like waiting any longer.
It is time my son came home from school.
We think that there should be no more wars.
You won't catch me doing that again.
It's already cleared up.
I have been reading this for a few hours.
It's high time you got married and settled down.
There is now no God and no Buddha.
Now that you know the truth, perhaps you'll feel better.
Have you done with the paper?
You should get yourself a new car now.
It's time to go to bed.
It's time to go to bed. Turn off the radio.
It's time you went to bed.
It is time to go to bed.
I will hit the sack.
It's high time you were in bed.
Now that we have eaten, let's go.
May I start eating now?
I could not eat another bite.
I can't eat any more.
I am already accustomed to sitting on tatami.
It's time to get aboard.
I want to sleep a little more.
Take things a little more seriously.
I wish I were a little taller.
Rack your brains a little harder.
As he gets older, your son will grow more independent.
With a little more patience, you could have succeeded.
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
A little more effort, and you will succeed.
Can't you stay a little longer?
With a little more care, the driver could have avoided such a tragic accident.
I should have paid a little more attention.
With a little more care, you would have succeeded.
With a little more wisdom, he would not have got in trouble.
A little louder.
Don't you have another one that's a little larger?
Could you give me a few more minutes?
You may as well wait for a while. It'll clear up soon.
Had you come a little earlier, you could have met her.
Had they left a little earlier, they would have avoided the traffic jam.
If I had left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
If you had left a little earlier, you would have avoided the heavy traffic.
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
Move forward one step.
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
Give me a little more water.
You could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience.
Would you explain it in more detail?
Please turn down the volume a little bit more.
Do you have one a little smaller?
Would you like some more?
May I ask you some more questions?
Put in a little more sugar.
I'll think about it.
I think I'll look around a little more.
Can I have some more milk?
I wish I had a better memory.
Can you hold on a little longer?
I want you to straighten up the environment a little more.
If she had been a little more patient, she could have succeeded.
If you had been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
If you had been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
Would you like to turn it down a little?
A little heavier rain might cause a flood.
A little more to the right, just like so!
We would have bought the plane tickets if the price had been a little lower.
Can you give me a discount?
Can't you bring down the price a bit?
Do you have a cheaper room?
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Could you give me a better price?
Turn the radio down a little.
Please speak a little more slowly.
Would you speak more slowly, please?
Would you mind speaking more slowly?
I think we should do some more.
Why don't you try expressing your opinion a little more gently? Think about how he feels getting told flatly that he's being cut loose.
Put some more wood on the fire.
Would you like some more beef?
Just a little more patience.
I'd like some more bread, please.
I almost got a perfect score.
I almost forgot it.
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
It is almost 12 o'clock.
Would you like some more salad?
Add a little more pepper.
Won't you have some more coffee?
Will you have some more cake?
Would you like some more cake?
If you had made more effort, you would have passed the entrance examination.
Can I have some more tea?
I should think we will need some more money.
We could have bought the car with a little more money.
Why don't you stay a little while?
Could you speak a little louder please?
You must put some life into your work.
The jig is up; let's face the music like men.
I gave up all hope of survival.
I guess we should leave now.
Can I leave now?
I may as well go now.
You had better not go out now. It's almost 11.
Have you handed in your homework?
Have you finished your homework yet?
Have you finished your homework already?
Have you finished your homework?
Would you mind waiting another ten minutes?
I have had more than enough.
Time is up.
Are you through yet?
Have you finished already?
Have you finished yet?
It's on its last legs.
It's time to work now. Let's get down to business.
The damage is done.
Have you washed your hands yet?
My hand's getting too cold.
I weep for my lost youth.
He's no spring chicken.
May I be excused?
It's 7:30 now-I must fly.
We have no time.
Now that we're alone, let's have fun.
Don't regard me as your father anymore.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
Now that I'm a grownup, I think otherwise.
Now I can look after myself.
It is time for me to take a vacation.
I've made up my mind.
Please don't write letters to me anymore.
It's time for us to go home.
I'd better get going. My father is really strict.
There's no need to cry like a child.
Since you are no longer a child, you should be responsible for what you do.
Since you are no longer a child, you are to take care of yourself.
It is time you left off your childish ways.
It's high time the children went to bed.
I've already finished my work.
Now I must go about my work.
It's time you went to the barber's.
I think we had better wait another thirty minutes.
The matter was settled.
My age is going to tell on me.
Have you read today's paper yet?
It was really good.
I am feeling much better now.
I have to leave now.
I have got to go now.
I've got to leave soon.
It's high time to go. See you later.
I must leave now.
Got to go now.
We have our backs to the wall.
I'll say no more.
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
No, thank you.
Let's patch up our argument.
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
It is time you put a stop to this nonsense.
Now that you are a high school student, you are responsible for what you do.
I'm fed up with always backing you up.
You had better hurry because the banks will close soon.
Let's be done with the argument.
Let's not argue anymore.
This is the time you should get up.
It's time we went home.
It's about time you got up.
Can I go home now?
You can go home now.
It's already time to go home.
Hadn't we better be going now?
I'd better be on my way.
I guess I'll have to leave now.
Will you permit us to leave now?
You may as well go home now.
I don't have to wear glasses any more.
I fear we are too late.
I have had enough of sweets.
It is time to go to school.
This is the last straw!
I can't take this anymore. I've lost my temper completely.
I can't take it any more.
I can't stand it anymore.
It's all over for you.
You'd better go home now.
May I go home now?
You'd better go back home now.
How many times are you going to make me say it? Do you know how many times I've tried to wake you up?
I'm sure that family is familiar with Japanese tastes in food. They've hosted quite a few Japanese exchange students.
It already has taken me hours.
Have you decided what to do yet?
That was hard to believe.
We have had enough of rain.
Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
Let's turn and go back now.
Please take another one.
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
Another step, and you will fall down the precipice.
Another step, and you'll fall over the cliff.
I'm done up.
Another step, and you would have fallen down the stairs.
You're lit up like a Christmas tree.
Let's have one more drink, and then I'll take you back home.
Will you have another glass of wine?
Will you have another cup of milk?
Would you care for another glass of beer?
I feel like another beer.
Would you mind my drinking another cup of coffee?
Won't you have another cup of coffee?
Give me another cup of tea.
Would you have another cup of tea?
Will you have another cup of tea?
I'd like to stay another night if I can.
Have patience for another day or two.
Stick to it!
Another storm, and our village would have been ruined.
Set your translation against the original once again.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I'll see him again.
If I visit Nara again, I will have visited it four times.
May I put it on again?
Please send me another copy.
Another war, and we all will be killed.
Another war, and we will be ruined.
Explain it once more, Jerry.
Would you explain it again?
We tried again to bump off the politician, but couldn't do it.
Would that I were young again.
Had he tried it once more, he would have succeeded in it.
I tried it again, only to fail.
Will you let me try once more?
Read it once more, please.
Could you repeat that, please?
Pardon me?
I would like to talk with you again.
Another mistake, and he will be fired.
I propose that we should have another meeting.
Could you please repeat it slowly?
I'd think twice about this.
You must encourage him to try again.
Let's try again.
It is no use trying again.
Could I ask you to do that again?
I tried again for no reason.
Can I have the menu again, please?
Give me a second chance.
Give me another chance.
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
I will lend you money just this once.
Read it once more.
We tried it again, but couldn't do it.
Please show it to me again.
Try it once again.
Do it a second time.
I tried it over again.
Why don't you give it another try?
I want to go there once more.
If I read this book once more, I shall have read it three times.
We hope to see you again.
We hope to meet you again.
Do it again!
I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
I'm sorry?
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
I want to see them again.
We are looking forward to serving you again.
We are looking forward to seeing you again.
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!
Make one more effort, and you will succeed.
It's getting there.
One more effort, you will get on in life.
Let's try once again.
"I can't even make a crane," she said to herself.
Please show me another one.
Another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material.
It was very wise of her to choose the other one.
The other committee consists of four members.
I think I will have one more ice cream cone.
May I have another piece of cake?
Would you like another piece of cake?
I have just one more thing to ask of you - get lost.
It is already dark.
Cut that out. You're just rubbing salt in the poor guy's wounds.
You are old enough to know better. Behave yourself.
Have you gotten yourselves acquainted?
It is high time I was going.
You should be a thought more careful.
This guy is really wishy-washy. He couldn't make a decision to save his life.
I'd better go to bed now.
One more effort, and you will get on in life.
Another lot of tourists arrived.
The other grasped his arm.
Try on another one.
Another thing that is required is a dictionary.
Make one more effort and you will reach the summit.
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
One more effort, and you will succeed.
No more parties.
Have you applied for a passport yet?
It is time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
How long have you been living in Tokyo?
How long have you been living out of a suitcase?
It is high time we went to bed.
How long have you looked after this rose garden?
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?
I can't study anywhere in my house. It's too noisy.
There is no more room for a TV set.
It's about time you stopped watching television.
We could have our tea in the garden, were it a little warmer.
It's just a little further.
You could try and be a bit more civilized.
With a little more patience, you could succeed.
How about adding a little bit more salt?
How about another round?
I almost drowned.
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
Almost.
Do you want to stay any longer?
I need some get-up-and-go.
I have had it.
That's too much.
It's about time for the train to arrive.
It's about time to start.
It's about time you settled down for good.
It is about time we were leaving.
It's about time to go to school.
It is about time you stopped being so idle and did some work.
I saw him no more.
Well, I have to be going.
Let's not talk about it any more.
That will do.
I cannot put up with the noise any longer.
Have you already met Mr Smith?
There's nothing there.
It's the dead of the night.
It looks as if autumn is really here.
With a little more effort.
I was nearly hit by a car.
Had I had a little more money, I would have bought it.
It'll soon be time for dinner.
Day will break soon.
It will not be long before he gets well.
Winter is drawing on.
The rainy season is near at hand.
It's nearly lunchtime. Why don't we stop to have a bite to eat?
It will get warmer soon.
The sun will come up soon.
Spring will come soon.
It won't be long before everything is ready.
My birthday is coming soon.
We are going to have a baby.
I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
You will be allowed to go out soon.
Soon there will be summer vacation.
There is an athletic meet soon.
It's almost rush hour.
It is going to rain very soon.
I'll soon finish reading this novel.
Everyone will have his own computer before long.
We're getting out of here in a moment.
It will soon be New Year.
It will be 5:30 presently.
It is almost three.
We'll get to school soon; we are as good as there now.
It will not be long before our food runs out.
The apple harvest will soon come.
Christmas will soon come around.
I'll catch up with you soon.
I can't get along with the neighbors any more.
I can't walk any farther.
I cannot put up with his bad manners any longer.
I can't stand that nasty attitude of his any longer.
I don't think I'll be able to hold in my anger any longer.
I can't wait any longer.
You had better not wait any longer.
She does not eat cake, so as not to put on any more weight.
I don't have time to take any more pupils.
I have no more desire to eat sweets.
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
I cannot bear it any longer.
I can't put it off any longer.
I don't want to lead a dog's life any more.
I can't drink the beer any more.
I can't go any further.
I can no longer remain silent.
Please don't let me hear any more of that story.
I can afford no further delay.
I don't want any more.
I can't think out the design any more.
There's no other way than this now.
You can't kick me around any more.
I've had enough of this program.
I can bear this broken heart no longer.
Do you mean that you have already decided on this plan?
We've come this far, so we can't stop now. I don't want to backslide.
I've had coffee already.
I agree with you, except for the part about the profits.
It is almost ten o'clock.
Have you turned off the gas yet?
Has Father come home yet?
He has gone out for lunch already.
Have you finished eating your lunch?
Are you all right now?
It is time for you to go to bed.
I'm through with you.
They're already here.
Aren't you stretched pretty thin already?
It is time I was going.
She needs another DPT shot.
Waiter, please bring me another glass of beer.
I'll try again, thank you.
Let me go over the accounts again.
Have you started reading the book yet?
It would be wiser of you not to see him again.
I can't stand that noise any longer.
Now that you have finished your job, you are free to go home.
In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.
It's already nine o'clock.
It's already September; however, it is very hot.
It's already seven.
It has been raining for seven full days.
In another six months you will be able to speak German fluently.
It's six o'clock already.
I'll wait another five minutes.
If he had come five minutes later, he would have missed the train.
What do you say to waiting five more minutes?
If only I had left home five minutes earlier.
I will give you five days' grace.
It is already past five o'clock.
Three hours of driving has worn me out. Let's pull over at the next rest stop we see.
Another three miles is more than I can walk.
I have three more pages to go.
Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
I think we had better wait for another 30 minutes.
Another half hour, and our master will be back here.
We've talked over this matter in detail for half an hour already. Let's finish it off.
This was a bad week. My train was late two days in a row.
I will be back in another two weeks.
The rainy season will be over in another two weeks or so.
I've waited two whole hours. I can't wait any longer.
A few minutes more, and I'll be ready.
You have only to read a few more pages.
One more step, and you'll be a dead man.
One more step, and I would have fallen off the cliff.
One minute earlier, and they could have caught the bus.
One minute earlier, and we could have seen the Queen.
Have another cup.
How about a second helping?
I have another year at high school.
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I'd like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
If I go by air one more time, I'll have flown in an airplane five times.
If I were to live again, I would like to be a musician.
I will have been to the States three times if I go there again.
Would you say it once more?
If I have to go to Kyoto once more, I will have visited it four times this year.
Give me another chance to try.
Try again.
Once more, please.
May I add a point?
Is there any space for one more person?
Another problem is where to stop the car.
Now you are sixteen, you should know better.
It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
The town will change in another ten years.
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
It's already past ten o'clock.
It's already ten o'clock. My mother must be angry.
If there was just 1,000 yen more, he would have taken 10,000 yen in total.
I can't live any longer without him.
I'm tired of it.
We have already finished our dinner.
Now I'm wide awake.
Now it's time to say good night.
I'm sick and tired of his lack of taste.
The hen is hatching her chicks.
Do any of the members agree with you?
The hen sits on her eggs until they hatch.
The hen was sitting on the eggs in the nest.
May I trouble you for the salt?
The hen keeps her brood under her.
I have lost face completely.
We all know that Mendel was way ahead of his time.
They grow melons under glass.
They are melons.
Half of the melon was eaten.
Meros is anything but a liar.
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
Mary aided her mother in cooking.
Mary burst into the kitchen.
Mary wants to become a teacher.
Mary is interested in politics.
Mary can dance well.
Mary prided herself on her beauty.
Merry is scared of dogs.
Mary is lacking in delicacy.
Mary is a girl full of sentiment.
Mary will sit still and look at the sea for hours.
Mary was scornful of Tom.
Mary has become very fond of Charles.
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver with whom John worked?
Mary was given a raise by her employer.
He's not coming, according to Mary.
Mary beamed her happiness.
Mary is a better swimmer than Jane.
Mary and Jane are cousins.
The man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly.
Please pass the note around.
Maybe I ought to expand the memory.
You should make notes.
Please let me take a look at the menu.
I don't have enough RAM.
May I have the menu, please?
Let me see a menu.
May I see a menu, please?
Choose whatever dish you want from the menu.
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
In order to gain media recognition, sometimes AIDS patients have to push themselves into the public eye.
Media sells a trace of hatred at bargain prices.
Rarely does he go out on Sunday.
It hardly ever rains here.
I seldom go to a library.
It's getting quite springlike.
Read the message once more.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
It has become noticeably colder.
How about inviting Meg to the party?
Meg must carry on her studies.
Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
Meg is preparing breakfast.
Meg acquired many new friends.
Meg looks pleased with her new dress.
Meg didn't even look at me.
Meg found a four leaf clover.
Meg has a facility for languages.
Meg cleared her desk.
Meg colored the picture.
Meg attends many school affairs.
Meg has a cat as a pet.
Meg is filled with excitement.
Meg was happy about meeting Tom again.
Meg is beating a drum.
Meg sometimes annoys Ken.
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans.
Meg agreed to Ken's plan.
Meg has a lovely face.
Meg is the double of her mother.
Meg talks too much.
Meg's hair curls naturally.
Meg is as tall as Ken.
Meg's shoes are a little loose.
I met Meg, who told me the news.
Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
Have you ever been to Mexico?
Mexico has half as many people as Japan.
A revolution broke out in Mexico.
Mention Mexico, and tacos come to mind.
What is the language spoken in Mexico?
They speak Spanish in Mexico.
Is Spanish spoken in Mexico?
Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
I had a difficult time in Mexico because I couldn't understand all of the Spanish.
I couldn't make out what he meant by 'megafeps'.
Fancy forgetting my glasses, it's so embarrassing.
I am looking for my glasses.
Who is that gentleman in spectacles?
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind on the train.
I can't find my glasses.
Keep in touch by mail.
I would like to chat with you by e-mail.
The maid came in bearing a cake.
I would like to purchase your latest mail order catalogue.
Dr Mason placed his work above everything.
Read the meter.
May Day is also a festival day for the workers in the world.
We are having fish for our main course.
Nobody was to be seen on the main street.
Can you tell me where Main Street is?
Mr Mailer is to stay here till tomorrow.
Each child has an individual way of thinking.
Each has his own taste.
I'll deal out three to each.
Each of them carried their own pack.
Mabel loves to chew the fat while playing bridge.
May sometimes spends the time by herself.
May has been in Japan for a year.
May's clothes were lying around the room.
The maid announced each guest.
Had you met her aunt before you married May?
The maid arranged the knives and forks on the table.
Go and wake up Mary.
Mary's been living in Japan so long. Don't you think it's time she adjusted to Japanese customs?
I got word that Mary wants to divorce him.
Mary is both intelligent and kind.
Mary took out the eggs one by one.
Mary is going to have a baby next month.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
Mary crochets lace every night.
Mary left her sister to clean the windows.
Mary isn't really sick; she's only putting it on.
Mary is a bookworm.
Mary is such a worrywart.
Mary really takes after her mother.
Mary looks like her mother.
Mary resembles her mother in appearance, but not in character.
Mary takes after her father.
Mary threw her arms around her father's neck.
Mary looks unfriendly, but she is really very kind at heart.
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
Mary kept on working in spite of her illness.
Mary arrived at the hospital.
Mary hurried to the hospital.
In her misery, Mary looked to her husband for help.
Mary is not as tall as he.
Mary asked after his father.
Mary is at a loss what to say to him.
Mary refused to marry him, but she gave in at last.
Mary is tall.
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.
Mary can speak Japanese.
Mary is setting by money to go to Japan.
Mary remained single all her life in Japan.
Mary likes Japan, doesn't she?
Mary was reading, with a cat sleeping beside her.
Mary paid for her lunch with five dollars.
Mary understands Chinese.
Mary took her beauty sleep before the big party.
Mary often hums a tune as she works in the kitchen.
Mary is not used to being made fun of in the presence of others.
Mary likes skiing the best of all.
Mary gazed at George in admiration.
Mary asked her son to behave himself.
Mary ran.
Mary shut herself up in the room, with all the windows closed.
Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
Mary was able to swim across the river.
Mary has been ill in bed since last Monday.
Mary is said to have been ill last week, but she looks well now.
Mary went on a voyage around the world.
Mary was so kind as to help me.
In her elementary school days, Mary dreamed of becoming a teacher.
Mary is an ingenuous student.
Mary ought to do her homework on time.
Mary said she would do her homework.
Mary is very ill and I'm afraid she is dying.
Mary showed the letter to me.
Mary stood with her hand shading her eyes.
Mary is said to have been a great singer in her youth.
Mary has a social nature.
Mary is studying in her room.
Mary put her piano up for sale.
Mary didn't refer to the accident she had seen.
Mary oiled her bicycle.
Mary's kind nature quickly won her the friendship of her classmates.
Mary came up to me when she saw me.
Mary gave me an American doll.
Mary said to me, "are you ill?"
Mary told me that she was glad to see me.
Mary broke in on our conversation.
Mary took sides with me against my teacher.
Mary scarcely seems to care for me, does she?
Mary blamed Jack for leaving their children unattended.
Mary stayed up late last night.
Mary doesn't dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
Mary was about to burst out laughing.
Mary has finished her Japanese assignment.
How is Mary?
Mary was John's heartthrob all through high school.
When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
Despite the fact that Mary keeps saying I was the only man she'd like to marry, when I proposed to her, she said "NO". I cannot make head or tail of it.
Mary stared back at him in surprise.
Mary looked at herself in the mirror.
Mary spread the big map on the table.
Mary is sitting at the desk.
Mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school.
Mary had to go to school.
Mary went down to the kitchen.
Mary is respected by everyone.
Mary can swim.
Mary can't swim, and John can't, either.
Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn't feel lonely.
Mary is a girl who is pleasant to talk with.
Mary decided never to see him any more.
Has Mary started yet?
Mary likes milk very much.
Mary has not started yet.
Mary has failed again. After all she is still young.
Mary always assists her boyfriend in doing his assignments.
Mary can't even read French, much less speak it.
Mary takes Bill's kindness for granted.
Mary had a dance with him at the party.
Mary plays the piano.
Mary is a very sociable person.
Mary is too stubborn to apologize.
Mary is so nice a girl that she is loved by everybody.
Mary is a very pretty girl.
Mary said to herself "What shall I do?".
Mary closed the door quietly.
It is believed that Mary is good at tennis.
Mary has just come home.
Mary became a typist.
Mary is the prettier of the two.
Mary is the cuter of the two.
Mary weighed it in her hand.
Mary is very attached to the little girl.
Mary played the role of an old woman in the play.
Mary seems to be bored with the game.
Mary hit on a marvelous idea.
Mary has already started.
Mary loses her temper easily.
Mary told John the secret.
Mary swims as fast as Jack.
Suspecting him of telling her secret to some of her friends, Mary was angry with Jim.
Mary declined an invitation to the concert.
Mary has always been successful in everything she has done.
Mary sings best of all of the girls in class.
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
Mary is not used to being made fun of.
Mary is cute. So is Jane.
Mary is helping her mother.
Mary denied having stolen the money.
Mary set the basket on the table.
Mary always has to put her two cents worth in.
Someone remarked that Mary was always late for meetings.
Mary is always acting foolishly.
Mary always studies for two hours a day.
Mary was not worthy of your trust.
Mary said she was going to dance all night.
Mary got the nod among some 500 applicants.
Mary goes to that restaurant for lunch every other day.
Mary went over to the United States in her late teens.
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.
Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.
Mary promised her mother that she would help her more often.
Mary would often sit alone on the porch.
When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
I met a friend of Mary's.
Mary's eyes were filled with tears.
I'm going to make a cake for Mary's birthday.
Mary's new hairstyle made her stand out in the crowd.
What was the result of Mary's test?
I do not like Mary's living there alone.
It's a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
Mary is in want of common sense.
I have always had a soft spot in my heart for Mary.
Mary and her sister took turns at looking after their sick mother.
Mary and I are in the same class.
Mary and I became good friends.
Mary and I were ill in bed yesterday.
Mary and I have been acquainted with each other for many years.
Mary and I remained firm friends for years.
It was sheer coincidence that Mary and I were on the same train.
Speaking of Mary, I have not seen her for a long time.
Mary was wearing a black sweater when I met her.
I'm through with Mary.
How did you get to know Mary?
Mary and John quarreled, but made up after a while.
There was no one in the room besides Mary and John.
Mary. That's my name.
Mary had every reason to be satisfied.
Until Mary gets back to work, we'll have to make do with Ken.
When Mary saw him, a look of surprise spread across her face.
In came Mary.
I am keen on Mary's passing the examination.
When Mary was a child, her family was dirt poor.
I don't know what Mary is looking for.
I was astounded by the news that Mary won the first prize.
I see Mary playing the piano.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
I didn't bargain for Mary's coming so soon.
It was yesterday that Mary bought this skirt.
When was it that Mary bought this skirt?
Wherever Mary goes, the sheep follows her.
Either Mary or you is to go.
Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
Of course you can trust me. Have I ever given you a bum steer before?
The contract, if you were forced to sign it, is invalid.
Waste not, want not.
I would prefer an honorable death.
I would rather let him have his own way.
It seemed rather bad.
There goes a wonderful coach over there.
That bank over there would do the service.
The girl standing over there is Mary.
The building you see over there is an auto factory.
We can see a church over there.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
You're disgusting!
Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
Once upon a time, there was an old man in this village.
I can't do the hard day's work I used to.
Once upon a time, there lived an old man.
Where did Ming go to do her homework?
Ming called her friend yesterday evening.
Ming wasn't dancing with Masao then.
Did Ming's father play tennis yesterday?
Is everybody ready for the trip?
People don't like to swim against the tide.
All were silent.
Everybody puts me down.
You can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy.
Everyone marvelled at her courage.
Everyone hoped that she would win.
Everyone is friendly to her.
Everybody calls him Mac.
Everybody was thrilled by his story.
Everyone speaks highly of him.
All sold out!
Everybody burst into laughter.
Everyone has a character of his own.
They are all the same.
We are all suspicious about him.
There are some cookies in the jar.
I hope all of them will come in time.
Everybody put their foot down.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
Everybody washed in the kitchen.
They all have arms, legs, and heads, they walk and talk, but now there's SOMETHING that wants to make them different.
We all have missed you.
We all like cycling.
All are happy.
Get to work, everybody.
Nobody likes it.
Everybody praised her to the skies.
I don't like any of them.
Everybody agrees with you.
Everybody is waiting for you.
We thought that you were married.
They are all irritable.
Everybody started waving his flag.
Does everybody love music?
Let's pretend we are aliens.
Read after me all together.
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
Everyone loves Mac.
They were all charmed by her song.
Everyone calls him Jeff.
They were most attentive to his speech.
Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
Everybody called me Tony in those days.
They made little of my effort to make our class enjoyable.
Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
By all accounts, it is truth.
In many parts of the world, there is not enough food to meet everyone's needs.
Who is the tallest of all?
Everybody's fault is nobody's fault.
I remembered everybody.
You can not be rude to everyone and expect to get away with it forever.
Please read it aloud so that everyone can hear.
Speak louder so everyone can hear you.
I spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me.
Go along with the crowd.
I think that everybody knows.
There's enough food to go round.
He talks with the quiet man. Don't you think he's a little bald on top?
I have wonderful news for all of you.
Let's play baseball with everyone.
Would you like to join us for a game of cards?
We're all going to share it. Could you bring us some extra plates?
I was left out in the cold by everyone.
Hey, what's the big secret? Come on; let me in on it.
All of us are working on the case.
We raced our beetles.
Sit at the table.
Everybody was going about his business.
All of us approved of the plan.
Everybody pulled their socks up, yeah.
Everyone went there, didn't they?
Everyone thinks so.
Everyone hoped for a snow flurry for Christmas.
We found that everyone was asleep.
Everyone attacked my opinion.
Not all of us catch colds.
Please speak more loudly so that everybody can hear you.
Everyone cheered his name.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Everyone is waiting to see his new film.
Everybody agreed with his idea.
Everybody laughed at his error.
Everybody speaks well of him.
Every one opposed it, but Mary and John got married all the same.
All are interested in Japan.
Everyone burst into laughter.
Everyone thinks the same thing.
Unless everyone plays well, we may lose the game.
Everybody was jealous of my success.
Are there enough chairs to go around?
To everyone's astonishment, Mike won first prize in the speech contest.
All the people felt for the victims deeply.
There will be chaos unless we all adhere to the rules.
Finish your homework by the time they return.
All were happy.
I got a farewell present from everyone.
Everybody looks up to Henry.
Everyone considers Nomo a great pitcher.
Everyone was listening very carefully.
Everybody arrived dressed in their smartest clothes.
Everybody praised Ken for his great courage.
We all held our breath while we watched it.
Everyone always asks me that.
They call it "Gold-going Week".
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
Everyone always speaks well of Tony.
Everybody had a good year.
Everyone formed couples and began dancing.
Boys! Now listen.
Everyone was really impressed with that machine.
When the Venus de Milo was entire, there were arms on the statue.
The Venus de Milo is the perfection of beauty.
Milton is one of the classic writers.
Have you ever read Milton's works?
Such poets as Milton are rare.
Will you warm the milk, please?
Drink up your milk.
Please give me a glass of milk.
Have a cup of milk. It will do you good.
Will you give me a glass of milk?
Will you give me another glass of milk?
Get me a glass of milk.
Would you like a cup of milk?
All of the milk was spilled.
Milk nourishes a baby.
Milk is of great value to babies.
There isn't any milk left.
How about some milk?
I want three sugars in my milk.
I have an allergy to milk.
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.
Where is the milk tea?
I want some milk, but there isn't any in the refrigerator.
The milk boiled over.
The milk went sour.
Cheese is made from milk.
Dr. Miller wants you to wait for a while.
A Mr Miller wants to see you.
What's playing at the Music Box Theater?
Didn't you see the musical?
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.
Worms are sometimes beneficial to soil.
Miho is the girl I like best.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
Miniskirts will soon come back.
Do you think miniskirts will come back again?
Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.
Miniskirts have been out of date for some time.
Girls wearing mini-skirts, walking or sitting, are very effective eye-openers.
We should respect our parents.
They all looked happy.
Everyone's eyes were fixed upon her.
Stay with me, ladies and gentlemen.
Are you ready to eat?
Could you keep still, everyone?
You have certain privileges and therefore corresponding responsibilities.
Please keep yourselves calm.
Listen, all of you.
I wish you all a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
Order, please.
You probably think she told me she was on her way to visit her sick grandmother.
Now that we are all here, we can start the farewell party.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
We hope you enjoy the movie.
Ladies and gentlemen, now we start the movie.
Everybody is relying on you.
Not all were satisfied.
Red, as opposed to green, is a sign of danger.
Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido then?
Bees make honey.
Medium-rare and a potato, please.
Bees provide honey for us.
Bees communicate the location of food by carrying odor samples back to the hive.
Look out for bees.
The bee alighted on the flower.
Mr Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Mickey Conners made mincemeat of his opponent in the ring.
I love the taste when I bite into a juicy peach.
Chicken pox is an itchy nuisance for kids.
There are a few books, but they have some misprints.
My mistake cost me my fortune.
Mr. Children is very popular among young people.
Never be afraid of making mistakes.
Apart from a few mistakes, your composition was excellent.
A miserable sequence of defeats discouraged us.
Unable to bear her miseries, she ran away from her husband.
The Mississippi River flows into the Gulf of Mexico.
Mass is a Catholic ceremony of remembering Jesus Christ by eating and drinking.
Do you ever hear anything about Misako?
Misako married a Canadian last June.
Misato tried to be calm, but finally she lost her temper.
The missile attack took a heavy toll of lives.
Michelangelo protested that he was not a painter.
So that Michelangelo might paint certain figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, so that Shakespeare might write certain speeches and Keats his poems, it seemed to me worthwhile that countless millions should have lived and suffered and died.
"Be quiet Mie," said Mother.
I'd like meat loaf.
We have to call off the meeting.
I sincerely hope you'll give me this second chance.
I'd like to call a meeting.
Please feel free to contact me for details about the meeting or the schedule.
I need it by the morning of April 5, so it can be reviewed by other members prior to the meeting.
Let me apologize once again for missing our meeting.
It's a fair cop.
I'd like a Manhattan.
"Manpower" is the world's largest temp agency.
The fire and power outage resulted in a shortened workday at some exchanges in Manhattan's financial district.
It's on the mantelpiece.
The site of the condominium is enclosed with stakes.
Never having seen a mongoose, I do not know what they are like.
Stop beating around the bush.
Because the surroundings were so dark, he could not see anything.
Malaysia came into existence in 1957.
I spent a whole day in cleaning up my room.
I felt as if I were in a dream.
I felt as if I were dreaming.
I can't sleep at all!
It seems as if everything he touches turns to gold.
The sky became as dark as if the sun had sunk.
You talk as if you were the boss.
She looks as if she were drunk.
He treated it with utmost care.
It's just like walking on the moon.
You're the only mirror for me.
It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
It looked as if we were on the eve of a revolution.
He is a living fossil!
It looks as if it's going to rain.
She looks as if she's laughing to herself.
It was as if the devil was chasing after him.
You talk as if you knew everything.
I remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday.
Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
Marconi invented the radio.
A Mr Marconi wants to see you.
After working all week, we took it easy on Sunday.
Have you ever seen the new house in which Marilyn lives?
It has been 33 years since Marilyn Monroe died.
I had an argument with Tom about the use of marijuana.
Mari has been in Hungary.
Mariner 9 was launched on May 30, 1971.
Marina Giles left England with her husband in just this frame of mind.
Mariko speaks English excellently.
Mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
Mulligan has been riding high since he seized the crown in a come-from-behind victory 14 months ago.
Mulligan says he'll sleep easy until the fight.
Mary called him every name she could think of.
Marie told me that she enjoyed the drive.
Mary has a flower in her hand.
The marigold rises with the sun.
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number.
Maria always whispers words of wisdom.
Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
Maria's late husband was a violinist.
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
Malaria is a disease that mosquitoes carry.
At the beginning of a marathon race, scores of runners start, but only a few finish and just one takes the cake.
The marathon will be held, rain or shine.
The marathon runners were out of breath.
Nobody fell behind in the marathon race.
The oil in mayonnaise sometimes separates from the other ingredients.
Mayuko dived into the cold water.
Mayuko was reading and Meg was painting.
Mayuko reads a good deal.
Mayuko entered the room.
Mayuko came up with him.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Mayuko ate up all the cookies.
Mayuko has not slept enough.
Mayuko designed a dress for herself.
Mayuko can ride a bicycle.
Mayuko has sharp eyes.
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
Mayuko called me back.
Mayuko could not answer my question.
Mayuko came running to meet us.
Mayuko got a cut on her finger.
Mayuko made a fair copy of the draft.
Mayuko appears wise.
Mayuko wore a flower crown.
Mayuko is dancing to the music.
Mayuko failed to see Meg.
Mayuko has dropped the ball.
Mayuko came directly home.
Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth.
Mayuko jumped up in alarm.
Mayuko was tired to death.
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
Mayuko is good company.
Mayuko avoided doing hard work.
Mayuko was alone in the room.
Mayuko explained the rules in detail.
Mayuko argued for the plan.
Mayuko denied the rumor.
Mayuko looks cross.
Mayuko always wants the best.
Mayuko dreamed a strange dream.
Mayuko's dream came true.
Mayuko always aims for perfection.
Mayuko came out of the room.
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
Mayuko cried aloud.
For how long did the Maya culture flourish?
The Mayas made their balls out of rubber.
Maya priests learned much about astronomy.
Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes.
We will take off in a few minutes.
Dinner will be ready soon.
The baseball season opens before long.
It won't be long before the trees are bare.
By and by Mt. Fuji came into sight.
I hope Father will come home from abroad soon.
It will soon be possible for us to go direct to New York by air.
Before long she will come back to the stage.
It won't be a long time before she recovers from the shock.
You will soon cease to think of her.
I felt a thrill of joy at the thought of seeing her soon.
It was not long before she came back.
It was not long before they made their appearance.
It won't be long before he is up and about.
It won't be long before he realizes the mistake.
It will not be long before he turns up.
It was not long before he was appointed professor.
It won't be long before he returns home.
It will not be long before he gets better.
It wasn't long before he came again.
It was not long before he knew it.
You will soon hear from him.
It was not long before I got a call from him.
It will not be long before he comes.
It will be winter before long.
It will clear up soon.
A network of railroads soon spread over the entire country.
It won't be long before a warm spring comes.
It will not be long before the sun rises.
It will begin snowing before long.
We will soon be having snow.
It will clear up by and by.
It will not be long before the world runs short of food.
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
It will not be long before the new term begins.
Soon the new year comes around.
The first snow came before long.
It will not be long before spring comes.
Spring will soon come.
It won't be long before we can start.
It was not long before the game began.
It will not be long before I come back.
It was not long before we knew the truth.
It was not long before we met again by chance.
We will take a rest soon.
It was not long before we heard the news.
It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms come out.
It won't be long before we can travel to the moon.
Before long, the moon came out.
It will not be long before business returns to normal.
I'm looking forward to the New Year holidays.
Soon we were clear of the town.
We will have a music contest soon.
Soon we saw a house whose roof was red.
It will stop raining before long.
It is going to rain soon.
It soon began to rain very hard.
It will not be long before it rains.
Soon after, it began to rain.
It will be dark soon.
It won't be long before Mike gets well.
Mr White soon began to feel guilty.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
Soon, swallows will come from the south.
It will not be long before the boy learns what life is.
It was not long before the rumor died out.
We can seat you soon.
Soon, he learned how to speak English.
I like pea pods in my stir fry.
The stepmother sneered at Cinderella.
Mummy and Daddy are very nervous.
Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon.
Mummy cried.
Mom didn't mention it.
Mummy, who's terrified of mice, had two fears to cope with.
All her years of work and effort have gone up in flames.
You helped Mommy?
You'll catch it from Mummy.
Mummy and I moved into the hall.
Mommy, where's my booger?
Mum, why doesn't Dad clean his own study?
My eyelid feels hot.
The Mafia uses legitimate business operations as a front.
As quick as a wink.
The manager complimented him on his achievement.
The manager threw in the towel in defeat and planned how to win the next game.
The manager blamed himself for the failure.
The manager deals with many problems.
The manager suggested that I go with him to the airport.
Some managers murmured at his appointment as president.
Can you operate a manual transmission?
Madonna is a beauty.
Madonna is known to every high school student in Japan.
Madonna's concert drew a large audience.
I'll bet Madonna doesn't return to her career for awhile.
You've got to get a steady job.
Why don't you get yourself a decent house?
I'd like to live in a decent house.
May I wash all my laundry at once?
Could you knock down the price if I buy two?
Madeira is the name of a wine.
Matt is a powerful acquisition for our team.
Wipe your shoes on the mat.
Let's get together and talk it over.
You can put five of them across the head of a match.
Be careful handling matches!
Have you got a match?
Put the matches out of reach of children.
He felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket.
Do you have a match?
It is quite a sorry sight.
I agree completely.
You are quite right.
Quite by chance, I met my old friend in the airport.
It's really horrible.
A terrible day.
I wrote to him for quite another reason.
It was a complete failure.
Everything's a little crazy right now.
Look straight ahead.
Climbing the Matterhorn is difficult.
Look forward, please.
Go straight ahead and you will find it. You can't miss it.
Go straight on.
Go straight on, and you will find the store.
He sits upright, not crouched over his plate like an animal at a feeding trough.
The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,000 meters.
Mac helped me carry the vacuum cleaner.
Since Mac wants to buy a new Mustang, he is saving money.
Mac is my friend. He likes dogs very much.
Mac is loved by everyone.
Mac knows how to use this computer.
Max is clever with his fingers.
Max explained to Julie why he could not go to her farewell party.
Max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking.
It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
It is me that is wrong.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
I'll bet my bottom dollar he'll succeed.
He's still fibrillating.
The line is busy again.
See you next week!
Please come again.
I hope you will call again.
I began to sing when I was a youngster.
He hasn't been proven guilty yet.
There are still barbarous nations.
There were still no visual signs of spring.
The baby doesn't walk yet.
You must keep this plan a secret as there may be some changes yet.
For others, it is a vision of what could be.
Let's play chess another time.
I don't know yet.
Seeing that he is still sick, he is unlikely to come today.
He is still on his back.
Nor was he ever known to curse unless against the government.
As yet he has not succeeded.
It is silly of me to have made the same mistake twice.
My head still felt giddy.
Don't hang up yet, please.
But I'm not able to use the telephone.
I'll call him later.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
Some of the luggage has not arrived yet.
Nobody has come up yet.
No one has been convicted of the crime yet.
Somebody has let you down again.
I can't stand to take another university entrance exam!
Your heart's still beating loud and clear.
I think I'm putting on weight again.
I'll gain weight again!
My foot's asleep again!
I should sell it while it still runs.
The full story was yet to be told.
What would you do if another war occurred?
We have a long way to go.
Are you still collecting stamps?
You're not excused from the table.
The night is still young.
I understand it's going to get hot again.
I haven't finished my homework yet.
I don't know my address yet, I'm going to stay with my friend for a while.
I hope we can get together again. Yes, I'll be looking forward to it.
Let's get together again.
You drank alcohol again? I told you not to!
I haven't had a reply to my letter.
We still have plenty of time left.
There is yet time.
He suddenly hung up the phone while I was speaking.
Sit down again, Miss Curtis.
There you go again.
Is there still any sugar?
I think I'll come back later.
Another problem has arisen.
I'll call again later.
The decision was still in the air.
I haven't made up my mind sufficiently enough to agree with you.
I haven't decided yet, but I prefer flying to going by train.
I haven't decided yet, but I'll let you know by the time we leave.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
Haven't you decided yet?
There were several rooms still vacant.
I hope I'll see you again soon.
I'm still on duty.
It's still too early to get up.
My hopes revived.
I'm not strong enough yet to go to school.
Will you let me see you again?
Let's get together again!
Glad to see you again.
See you again.
Nice to see you again!
We have more music coming up, so stay tuned.
I'm not good at speaking English yet.
They say we're going to get some rain later.
It is likely to rain again.
It's still raining.
Is it still raining?
The doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again.
Then John gave this testimony.
Drop me a line.
It looks like they are at it again.
You're still green.
Are you going to play tricks on me again, you naughty boy?
Let's do it another time.
How nice to be in Hawaii again!
I've never been to Paris.
Let's make it some other time.
I look forward to your next visit.
I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
We're all waiting because there's no news about the test results yet.
I'm still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me.
No one has shown up as yet, but we're expecting at least 50 students.
We still have plenty of time.
You've got plenty of time.
Oh, come on.
It is said that nobody has solved the problem yet.
Are you still around?
I haven't put on the jacket yet.
The time is yet to come.
I haven't had a chance to see the movie yet.
On the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
I'm afraid the time is not yet ripe for it.
Do come again.
See you soon!
Until next time.
I must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished.
The line is still busy.
I am looking forward to seeing you again.
I hope to see you again.
It is nice to see you again.
Please keep in touch.
If you're still hungry, have another hamburger.
Do you still need tea?
It is foolish of him to pay for it again.
We are looking forward to seeing you.
I trust that I can see you again.
Nice to see you.
I hope we'll see each other again sometime.
See you around.
If you haven't driven a bike yet, you should give it a shot.
The engine has broken down again.
Any time.
The engine came back to life.
I'll call you some other time.
I hope to see you sometime.
I would like to see you again sometime.
If we have the chance, let's get together on another occasion.
I hear you are still associating with him.
We're looking forward to seeing you again.
I've come to talk with you again.
I look forward to seeing you again.
I'll see you later.
Not again! Look at those two kissing. They've really got the hots for each other. I can't watch this any more.
Another day passed.
She must still be in her twenties.
Though she was only twelve years old, Susan knew how to make a living.
Again? Not again!
They asked him.
Also, a lot of houses were damaged; windows were often broken throughout the town.
Also, if you manufacture any other products, please send information.
I'm not ready yet.
May I take a rain check?
Maybe next time!
I haven't decided yet.
Also, increased temperatures may require that lubricants be changed frequently.
I'd like you to put me back on the list.
I have not finished the task yet.
And even outside these nations, English is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language.
Uh-oh, here comes another lecture. How typical. This guy has something to say about everything.
He did not need man's testimony about man, for he knew what was in a man.
But Jesus on his part did not entrust himself to them, because he knew all people and needed no one to bear witness about man, for he himself knew what was in man.
I still haven't thanked you for the other day. I really appreciate it.
Also, "armchair shopping" gets rid of the frustrations of crowds and traffic.
I can still hear your voice.
First, I should hear both sides.
First beat the eggs and add them to the soup.
First find out her name and address.
You had better try buttering him up first.
First of all, he went to the station.
Try the board surface first.
Let's begin practicing voice projection.
In the first place we have to decide on the name.
First of all, we must dismiss him.
First of all, we must dismiss the cook.
First of all, I have to call on Jim.
First of all, let me say how glad I am to be here.
To start with, I must thank you for your help.
In the first place, I discovered that beauty was a full stop.
In the first place, he's a lazy boy.
In the first place, we must have capital to begin it with.
To begin with, the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery.
In the first place it's necessary for you to get up early.
In the first place, you all have to pay a debt first.
To begin with, you have no right to be here.
In the first place the meeting was arranged for next Saturday.
First of all, we have to finish the homework.
First of all, it is too expensive.
To begin with, that kind of work is too tough for me.
To start with, who is that man?
To begin with, you must be honest.
To begin with, you must know yourself.
In the first place, we have to decide on the name.
I must finish this work first.
First of all, you must look it up in the dictionary.
In the first place, fashions change very quickly.
To begin with, we must tackle the problem.
To begin with, the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery store.
First they think that they will escape (although no smoker escapes at least the short-term effects).
To begin with, you must build up your body.
Let's take your temperature first.
First thrive and then take a wife.
I'll take attendance first.
Tend to your own affairs first.
Let's start the ball rolling by introducing ourselves.
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
I'll begin by introducing myself.
Please let me speak first.
We must finish our homework first.
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
We should determine what is to be done first.
First of all, I will read this.
First of all, let's look at this famous picture.
First of all, I must say this.
You will have little trouble.
First, catch your hare, then cook him.
Physically impossible.
Marry first and love will follow.
First you have to build up your vocabulary.
First we'll hit Kyoto.
It's getting warmer and warmer.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
More and more people are moving to urban areas.
More and more people offered to help.
More and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking.
More and more people are rushing to make use of the interactive nature of the medium.
Fires are less frightening today than they once were, because more and more houses are built of concrete, and concrete houses do not burn as easily as the old wooden ones.
More and more doctors have begun to use the new medicine.
Ever louder voices of protest drowned out his speech.
First of all, we have to put your design to the test.
I think I'll start with a bottle of beer.
You have to think of the example you're setting. You'll never be able to lead if you don't set an example worth following.
First of all, learn the formula by heart.
Let's decide together where to go first.
Where would you like to go first?
The mast broke and our ship went adrift.
I'd like to have mustard on the side.
Easy on the mustard.
We have to clear up the problem first.
That's about it.
Please beat the rug, first.
We will first ascertain the cause of the disaster.
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
The media blew the whole thing out of proportion.
The papers found lots of monkey business when they investigated the Recruit scandal.
I want to eat some cake first.
Write your name, first of all.
In the first place, you should be punctual.
First of all, you have to read this book.
First of all, may I have your name, please?
First, I'll try to understand why he thinks so.
Please fill out this form first.
Don't take it seriously.
Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
Masaru gets married today.
Serious inquiries only, please.
Masaru claims that he is innocent.
Masaru wants to join the English Club.
He handled things wonderfully, playing it by ear the whole way. I have to say he did an excellent job.
It's really time something was done.
When I was on the point of leaving London, it began to snow.
The very opposite is the truth.
That is well said.
That very tune reminded me of my adolescence.
Masashi and Takako were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
It was quite possible to buy a house, just as it is in England, provided one gives up the idea of buying a home one likes, and at a reasonable price.
Masako finished high school in Japan and then graduated from Harvard.
I hardly think she'd do that.
He was the last person I expected to see.
He hasn't come already, has he?
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
You must provide for a rainy day.
He insured himself for a rainy day.
Save for a rainy day.
You should always save money for a rainy day.
You should save some money against a rainy day.
You should lay by something against a rainy day.
Please push this button at once in case of emergency.
I'll stand by you in time of need.
Keep something for a rainy day.
In an emergency you can fall back on your savings.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
I will not go to the length of saying such things.
You are the last person I expected to see here.
That wouldn't be the house we're looking for, surely.
You must be kidding!
It's not likely that he went there.
Masao won't come here, will he?
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
Mother Teresa was born in Yugoslavia in 1910.
Mother Teresa began her work by looking around to see what was needed.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
Would you be kind enough to put in a word for me?
Would you be good enough to do it for me?
The tuna catch is declining.
Macbeth raised an army to attack his enemy.
An earthquake of magnitude 5 shook Tokyo.
McDonald's is world-famous for its hamburgers.
I'm working for McDonald's.
What do you think about having breakfast at McDonald's?
Maori culture is now spreading more and more among us and their language has become an official language.
Mountain bike racing has caught on with young Japanese in the past few years.
The study by Meyer and his colleagues was unusual.
A home is a once-in-a-lifetime purchase so you don't want to make any snap decisions.
As a man sows, so he shall reap.
You must reap what you have sown.
You reap what you sow.
Michael caught her by the hand.
Michael had a hard time making ends meet.
Michael broke the dishes.
Michael is to be on a TV program tonight.
Michael was seen to leave by the side door.
Michael speaks Japanese, not to mention English.
Michael Jackson is popular in the US.
Michael, this is the restaurant where your father and I had our first date.
All but Mike were present at the party.
May I speak to Mike, please?
Microwaves penetrate the food in the oven.
I have installed Microsoft Office on my personal computer, so please use its file format when you send me the attachment.
I have attached a Microsoft Excel file.
Mike has a nice racket.
Mike said that he would come.
It was pleasant for Mike to talk to Yumi.
Mike can't play baseball well.
Mike is proud of his father being rich.
They say that Mike is sick in bed.
Mike calls him Ned.
Mike is the youngest in his family.
Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
The microphone is live.
Mike speaks good Japanese.
Mike earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
Mike wore an indignant look.
Mike liked animals very much.
Mike played a bad trick on his brother.
Mike has been making a model plane since breakfast.
Mike had his teeth checked last week.
Is Mike a member of the swimming club?
Mike got back from the library at five.
Mike smiled.
Mike named his dog Spike.
Mike is captain of our team.
Though Mike likes his job very much, it does not pay well.
Mike didn't join the practice yesterday.
Mike ran very fast yesterday.
Mike doesn't have to wash his mother's car today.
Mike is in the second year of high school and Ann is too.
Mike visited Mr Ogaki, who is our principal.
Mike doesn't practice basketball on Monday.
Mike really thought your sister was something else.
Mike was elected chairperson.
Mike sings well.
Mike acted as chairperson of the meeting.
Mike said a few words by way of suggestion.
Mike eats out almost every night.
Mike is one of our brains.
Mike is not a member of the volleyball team.
Mike goes to school by bus.
Mike likes to play basketball.
Mike managed to carry the suitcase by himself.
Mike was very kind. He got my car repaired for free.
Mike swims very well.
Mike is popular among the girls because he is the star of the team.
Mike walked up to the boy.
Mike is the only man on the board.
Mike is the tallest of the three.
Mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car.
Mike asked that he not be disturbed.
Mike has a friend who lives in Chicago.
Mike went to Kyoto last summer.
Mike has been out of work for a year.
Mike runs fastest in his class.
Is Mike off the bottle?
Mike is the brightest student in class.
Mike always stays cool.
Mike takes after his father in everything.
Mike said that he was very careless.
Mike made a rude table from the logs.
Mike could not keep up with his class.
What did you give Mike on his birthday?
Mike's job at home is cleaning the windows.
Mike's mother lived in a big city before she married.
According to Mike, Mac bought a new car.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
Mike has two girl friends.
Mike and his sister can speak French, but they can't speak Japanese.
Mike and Tom are in the same class.
Mike and David are always quarreling with each other over trifles.
Mike and Ken are friends.
This is Mike speaking. May I speak to Hiroshi, please?
Mike laughs.
It was this racket that Mike bought yesterday.
It is clear that Mike took the wrong bus.
Mike cannot have done such a thing.
When Mike went to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
It was yesterday that Mike bought this racket.
Mike, do planes usually rock like this?
You are wanted on the phone, Mike. It's Jane.
Did you hear that, Mike?
How are you, Mike?
Thanks, Mike. I don't like chicken.
Well, you can't.
Well, it'll do for the time being.
Let's play it by ear.
That's fairly reasonable.
You sure gab a lot don't you? You're a natural born talker.
Martin seemed very tired, didn't he?
Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace, was killed by an assassin's bullet.
Martin Luther King, Jr. persuaded the black citizens to protest peacefully.
Martin Luther King, Jr., had won his first protest against injustice - peacefully.
Martin Luther King, Jr., was the son of a black minister.
Nobody could have guessed, in those days, the place in history that Martin Luther King, Jr. was to have.
Miss March gave me an English dictionary.
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
Just put yourself in my shoes.
Let's just waste some time around here.
Sit down and take it easy for a while.
Marcia looked grim when I told her the story.
Marcy burst into tears on hearing the news, but soon pulled herself together.
Martha is an excellent pianist.
There will be an in-person meeting of the marketing subcommittee on Tuesday afternoon of Jan 27, 1999 at the San Francisco CA Airport Marriott.
For your information, the marketing subcommittee is scheduling a phone conference to establish objectives and directions for 1998.
Scarcely had the market opened when the fire broke out.
Mark is the salt of the earth, so he can be trusted with a secret.
Mark was a work horse on his construction crew.
Mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease.
Mark graduated from Harvard in 1991.
What a cute baby! May I hold her?
Margaret is called Meg for short.
Margaret has a talent for music.
Margaret, whose father you met last Sunday, is a very good tennis player.
Oh no, really?
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
I'll tell you what.
Oh, you'll get used to it soon!
All in all, this was a nice party.
Well, just you wait and see.
I sort of like him.
Well, I'll be damned!
I think it's very like a Picasso.
Gosh, what a dirty customer!
Oh, come off it.
Oh, it's very kind of you to say so.
My, but you're nice.
Oh, my God!
Oh, what is this?
I guess we could.
I'll give it some thought.
I'm kind of happy.
Boil the milk bottles.
If you drive carelessly, you will miss your turn.
Don't look away idly; just pay attention to what you're doing.
If you didn't have your head in the clouds, you could succeed.
Hong Myong Bo is a great player.
The pump did not act as it should have.
Mr Hopkins spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
The price of books is getting higher these days.
Can I pay for the book by check?
I missed the train by only one minute.
Only a few students understood the matter.
I am only joking.
It is nothing but a joke.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
I need a bit of sugar.
Only a few people understood me.
Give me just a little.
He is but a child.
Those books look as if they're going to topple over any minute.
I don't want to put her to even a small inconvenience.
You must give close attention to the merest details.
It was only an informal party.
I saw him but once.
Just a spot of shut-eye has already refreshed my mind.
Just a word can do harm to a person.
Only a handful of men want to take childcare leave.
Only a few people listened to him.
I am grudged even the least bit of happiness.
Could I see you a minute, please?
It's only a short way, so you can walk there in a few minutes.
Even the merest little thing irritated him.
It only takes a few minutes.
I saw her just the other day.
Only a few members turned up at the meeting.
Only fifteen minutes.
A person who is only a pawn in the game often talks big in company.
Open the hood.
He really turns me off.
Yeah, it's been a long time.
A pound is a unit of weight.
It is truly regrettable.
It's really coming down out there!
You really like comic books, don't you?
You bet I was surprised.
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
It's been quite ages since we last met.
I do hope you will get well soon.
Really? What's your special today?
Please connect me with Dr. White.
You can meet Dr. White only by appointment.
Dr. White acted as our interpreter.
Mr White punished the boy for cheating on the examination.
Ms. White spoke slowly enough for me to catch her meaning.
Mr White read out some letters of thanks to his students.
Ms. White ordered that Tom should stay after school.
Mr White teaches us English.
Mr White is in charge of our class.
Mr White is a man of reason.
Mr White wanted to help them.
Mr. White said to them, "The room will be $30. $10 for each man." Each man gave him $10 and went up to the room.
Mr White said that because of the convention, there were no rooms available.
Mr. White is a liberal politician.
Mr White is doing very well so far.
Mr White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
Mr White has gone to Canada.
Mr White has gone to India.
Mr White called his assistant over and said the following:
Mr White arrives in Tokyo at 10:30.
Mr White seems to have many friends.
I suggest that you see Mr White.
Mr White and I are not friends, only acquaintances.
Mr White appeared for him in court.
Professor White published his first book last year.
White bread, please.
White was denounced to the police as a spy.
Who designed the White House?
Mr White made a few comments on my speech.
Mr White is about my age.
Miss White is liked by everyone.
Mr White's yard is large.
Why don't you ask Mr White?
Allow me to introduce you to Mr White.
Talking of Mr White, where is he living now?
A ragged coat may cover an honest man.
I'm getting high.
In the collision with a Volvo, our car naturally got the worst of it.
Skinflicks usually play in old theaters in a sleazy part of town.
Would you mind turning down the volume?
Do you offer a volume discount? If so, please send details.
She was vaccinated against polio.
Here she is!
Here he comes.
It's that time again! Wake up.
Here's my wallet.
"Look," she said.
Others engage in volunteer work.
The volunteer group provides war victims with food and medicine.
Here comes the bus!
It is raining, you see.
See, you shouldn't work so hard.
I'm going to see a horror film.
There! That wasn't long, was it?
Some people derive pleasure from watching horror movies.
I get goose bumps when I see a horror movie.
Here comes the train.
There she comes.
She likes animals, you know?
Here, I got us a bottle of white wine.
It's starting now.
Hey, rust is eating away the metal.
Look, your shoelaces have come undone.
Here comes Jane. Do you know her?
Here is my bicycle.
Look, here comes your mother.
Look, here comes your train.
There is your bag.
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen.
Look! She looks easy.
Look! There's a bird in that tree.
Praise stimulates students to work hard.
It's been raining for around a week.
It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
Uncle Bob fixed my clock. It keeps good time now.
Bob can drive a car, too.
Bob can cook.
Bob complained to his friend.
Bob was beside himself with joy.
Bob is really a brown noser.
Bob became an engineer.
Although Bob was in disguise, I recognized him at a glance.
Bob made her his wife.
Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
Bob has too many books to read.
Bob could not control his anger.
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
Bob met her grandfather early in the morning.
Bob went to meet her grandfather early in the morning.
Bob was looking for someone to talk with.
Bob mounted the portrait in a fancy frame, but it was upside down.
Bob entered the house through a window.
Bob went through many dangers during the war.
Bob asked the teacher some questions.
Is Bob right?
Bob's really chip off the old block.
Ten to one, Bob will fail the entrance exam.
Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi.
Bob charged 3 dollars an hour for mowing lawns.
Bob has to get through this ordeal on his own.
Bob must have had an accident.
Bob is my friend.
Bob stared me in the face.
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
Bob got impatient at his wife's delay.
Bob saw him again.
Bob derives pleasure from observing insects.
Has Bob left the company for good this time?
Bob will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
Bob is down for the coming tennis competition.
Bob was so beside himself that he could scarcely tell fact from fiction.
Bob was shy when he was a high school student.
Bob writes to me once a month.
Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother.
Bob was born in the same year as you.
Bob is popular at school.
Bob rushed into the classroom.
Bob waved to whomever he saw.
Bob is in the drama club.
Bob lost interest in rock music.
Bob has been sick in bed for a week now.
Bob seldom talks with Maria without making her angry.
Bob seldom writes to his parents.
Bob has been engaged to Mary for over a year.
Bob is kind to those around him.
Bob filled the pot with water.
Bob made room for an old woman on the bus.
Bob suggested that the party be put off till Wednesday.
Bob sang loudest at the party.
Bob is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
Bob was very happy.
Bob is very timid and blushes when chatting with girls.
Bob is accustomed to hard work.
Bob often tries to give up smoking.
Bob came home very late.
Bob thinks it is a silly idea to call his mother who is so far away, to spend so much, and to say so little.
Bob was washing the dishes at that time.
Bob did not agree to the plan.
Bob wasn't in on the plan.
Bob hurried home in order to watch the TV program.
Bob operates an elevator in the department store.
Bob brooded on the matter.
Bob wanted to keep the fox at home.
Bob is keen to pass the examination.
Bob told Jane not to interfere in his personal affairs.
Bob is a good match for you in skating.
Bob seems excited about watching the soccer game.
Bob can answer all the questions.
Bob came here, didn't he?
Bob expressed words of thanks on behalf of his classmates.
Bob was popular with all his classmates.
I am sure that Bob will pass the examination.
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
Bob found various kinds of nuts.
Bob dropped in at his uncle's house.
Can Bob be sick?
Bob was always in a tight spot with the police.
Bob is a nice person.
Bob tried to speak to Anne, but he couldn't.
Bob will be home at six.
Bob reached the finish line first.
Bob's father teaches at a girls' school.
I would rather go to the movie alone than have Bob come with me.
As far as Bob is concerned, anything goes. By contrast, Jane is very cautious.
Bob and I are great friends.
Go easy on Bob. You know, he's been going though a rough period recently.
Bob and Mary play the recorder.
I hear that Bob and Lucy have broken up.
I found a kindred spirit in Bob.
Bob and Tom are brothers.
Mr Hobson shut the shop and went home.
We won't start till Bob comes.
We will begin the meeting when Bob comes.
Bob brought such good news that they jumped up with joy.
Bob helped me.
I doubt if Bob will come on time.
It has been three years since Bob started his own business.
Bob can no more swim than a hammer can.
Bob hit me, not her.
To Bob's disappointment, several of those who had promised to help him afterwards backed out.
I don't know when Bob came to Japan.
Uncle Bob invited us to have dinner.
Bob Johnson tried to make people realize the seriousness of the situation in Africa.
Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
We're going to begin the descent for Honolulu.
I'd like to return to Tokyo via Honolulu.
Light shines on my sight of doubt.
They're almost three times as big as we are.
Almost every day he goes to the river and fishes.
She can hardly speak Japanese.
I was barely able to work.
I got next to nothing.
It was an argument of little substance.
He studied hard, hardly taking time out for lunch.
I can hardly walk.
Almost no one goes to the same classes.
Almost no one believed her.
Most everything has been improved.
Almost everybody appreciates good food.
Almost everybody was invited.
Almost all the workers objected to working at night.
Almost all of the pupils were in the classroom.
Almost all the students believed the rumor.
Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illness.
Almost all societies now have a money economy based on coins and paper bills of one kind or another.
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
It was nearly noon.
Seeing that we have little time, we have to hurry.
There's very little paper left.
He's almost as tall as me.
You hardly ever work, do you?
I need to put some gas in the car, as it's almost empty.
I know almost nothing about it.
It is hardly raining.
I scarcely slept a wink.
Few of the trippers called in at the ghost town of New York.
Almost all the leaves have fallen.
He traveled a great deal, as did most of his friends.
Most writers are sensitive to criticism.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
The urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast.
Most Japanese take a bath every day.
Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
Almost all Japanese boys like to play baseball.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
In most Japanese companies, only a few executives have a room to themselves.
Most boys like baseball.
Most experts think a lot of his theory.
Few people know each other well.
Most people want to experience happiness.
Few people know that Mr. Itsumi is from Kansai.
Few people know about the plan.
I'd heard she was too far out for most people.
Almost everyone believed the rumor.
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.
In most cases, modernization is identified with Westernization.
Most girls think that they are pretty.
I think that most young people like rock music.
Most accidents happen around the corner.
Most dogs are inclined to be friendly.
Almost every tourist carries a camera with him.
Most scientists think little of his finding.
Most houses were destroyed to pieces.
Most elevators operate automatically.
Most of the dogs are alive.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
It will make most Americans uncomfortable if you insist on their accepting expensive gifts.
The most instinctive act of nearly every creature is to protect its young, and with humans, this response persists for a lifetime.
Almost no one believed him.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
Almost all parents see to the education of their children.
Almost all boys can play baseball.
Almost all the students know about it.
Almost all the students enjoy their school life.
Almost all of the dogs are alive.
Bottle or glass?
It's a pain in the neck.
Drunk in moderation, alcohol is not harmful.
Soon the sound died away.
Would you send, by real mail, some brochures that will help me to choose a hotel?
Will you give me a ride to my hotel?
Could you take me as far as my hotel?
Take a taxi to the hotel.
The hotel was burned to the ground.
The hotel charged me 8000 yen for the room.
The hotel fronts the lake.
Is the hotel close to the airport?
Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
I'd like a hotel reservation.
What was the name of the hotel? I can't recall it.
Please get me hotel security.
Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
Are the hotel rooms supplied with hair dryers?
The hotel telephone is in the hall and Harriet is trying to ring the police now.
Is there a hairdresser in the hotel?
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
Is there a photo shop in the hotel?
Is there a flower shop in the hotel?
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?
Please pick me up by car in front of the hotel.
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
During lunch in the hotel dining room, the girl named Stella collapsed, and when Dr. Stewart examined the body he said...
I have some things in the hotel safe.
Where's the information center for hotels?
Let's inquire about our hotel reservations.
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
Make sure you have reserved a room at the hotel.
Is there a book store in the hotel?
The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
There are five other guests at the hotel.
Do you have a doctor or nurse in this hotel?
I had hardly checked in at the hotel when he called me.
My hotel told me to call you.
Make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel.
The hotel provided us with sandwiches and coffee.
The hotel was burned down.
I can't feel at home in a hotel.
The scene from the hotel was very beautiful.
The hotel was in sight.
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
One large fries and two medium cokes.
Which are you better at, boogie-boarding or surfing?
Do you care for pop songs?
I like pop music.
The more popcorn you eat, the more you want.
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.
I feel better when I drink hot lemon juice.
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
May I have some more tea if there is any in the pot?
There cannot be any tea left in the pot.
There must have been some more tea in the pot.
There is little coffee left in the pot.
There wasn't much sugar in the pot.
I made a thermos full of coffee so you can take it along with your lunch.
Is there any water in the pot?
I'll have two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
To our relief, he came back safe and sound.
The pot is boiling over.
Will you please lend me a stapler?
Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day.
Young girls' desire for slim figures is strong.
In hockey and soccer, goals are counted as points.
Pochi came running toward us.
Pochi and Moko are in the kennel, and other dogs are playing in the garden.
You have only to push the button to open the bay window.
Did you push the button?
I found the button loose.
The button came off.
Don't touch that button!
A button has come off the coat.
There are buttons on the coat.
A button came off my coat.
One of your buttons has come off.
The boss could not approve of what one of his men did.
The boss made them work day and night.
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
The boss called him out for his blunders.
The boss has been on his high horse all month long.
The boss called Jim into his office and gave him his pink slip.
When the boss checks our expenses it can be pretty dicey. He knows how to read between the lines.
Put me through to the boss, please.
I can't keep this up. It's an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss's face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad.
I've come under pressure from my boss.
The boss said this group is a real mixed bag. I wonder if he places me with the wheat or the chaff.
How many flights to Boston do you offer a day?
Competition for the position is very intense.
What track for Boston?
What time does the train for Boston leave?
I want to get a connecting flight to Boston.
It's a long way to Boston.
Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
I was a stranger in Boston.
Which part of Boston are you going to?
Is this the right bus for Boston?
We were ten miles short of Boston.
I looked about for the mailbox.
Where is the mailbox?
My host family often advises me.
You're in luck because the boss is in.
The posters were immediately removed from the wall.
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
Do you have any water?
Take as many cookies as you want.
The dust rose in clouds.
Dust covers the desk.
Look out for pickpockets.
Don't speak with your hands in your pockets.
Pocket calculators are as cheap to buy as a pair of socks, and as essential to thousands of British school children as a pencil and eraser.
It is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets.
Show me what you have in your pocket.
I found no money left in my pocket.
A pencil is sticking out of your pocket.
Don't keep me waiting here like this.
We crossed the lake in a boat.
We have to be ready to go through dangers there.
I used to listen to the calls of the wild birds in this forest.
Tomorrow is my day off.
I'm not used to staying up late at night.
I wish to see my father.
I tried to cheer her up, but she did nothing but cry.
I think death is preferable to shame.
I don't know, nor do I care.
I'm about ready.
I go to bed very early.
I don't like to speak in public.
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds.
I'm a little angry with you.
I have no time to put my books in order before I go.
I neither drink nor smoke.
I am an eager student of magic.
I'm up to the ears in debt.
I can easily touch my toes.
I will never go out of my way.
I have half a mind to see that myself.
I have a great mind to do that myself.
I don't see why I am in a bad humor this morning.
Yesterday I ran into Yamada, whom I hadn't seen in years.
I was laughed at in school today.
I am so full of foolish ideas today.
I have gone astray somewhere in my calculations.
I will take you for a swim.
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
I am fed up with your nonsense.
I am no younger than you are.
I will go between you and your father.
I put on an air of interest.
I used to keep a diary in English when I was a student.
I walked the whole way to the station.
I am going to put my heart into the work.
In my opinion he is not fit for the work.
I met Roy, who asked me to give you this one.
I haven't touched a tennis racket in years.
I'm Tom Hunter.
I meet him on occasion at the club.
I was at my wit's end as to how to act.
I will not let the story go out.
I will try it again.
I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago.
I have no knowledge of that question.
I have to assign more men to that work.
I went through my money in a very short time.
I had my composition corrected by Mr Jones.
I'm feeling fit.
I say this from my heart.
I know nothing but this.
I know only this.
I'm not familiar with this part of the subject.
I am not concerned with this matter.
I came across this book in a secondhand bookstore.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
I have to keep my mind on this important question.
I will put this business through in a week.
I think this one is inferior to that in quality.
I'm a coward when it comes to cockroaches.
I don't like coffee.
I prefer tea to coffee.
I am interested in getting a hat like this.
I am sure that Jim made up that story.
I will not go to the trouble of taking him there.
That is not my idea of him.
I want some money.
I'm in need of money.
I felt the engine running.
I forgot to lift the receiver before dialing the number.
I keep your interests at heart all the time.
I am quite ready for payment.
I gave up smoking for a year.
I caught sight of her at Shibuya.
I belong to the karate club.
I like tennis very much.
All my efforts proved of no avail.
Don't avoid my question.
My car burns a lot of gas.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
What did you do with my glasses?
My watch stopped working.
My pen isn't as good as yours.
Will you find my contact lens for me?
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
Are you still in doubt about what I have said?
Me, I prefer coffee to tea.
Leave my camera alone.
My grandfather goes for a walk on fine days.
My watch gains two minutes a month.
I have nothing to go by.
Well, I have a suggestion to make.
I have no idea why it is so.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
I can't afford to pay so much.
Can you give me some money?
I only have toast and coffee in the morning.
How about going steady with me?
You can come with me.
How about going to see a movie with me?
We are to go on a hike tomorrow.
We may as well wait.
We have to go by the rules.
We went to the park, and we played there.
It's all over between us.
No sooner had we entered the hall than the ceremony began.
I like such sports as boxing and hockey.
I don't like such sports as boxing and hockey.
Boxing is not always a rough sport.
Boxing has been defined as the art of hitting without being hit.
Boxing Day, when presents are given to the postman, the milkman, etc., is the first week-day after Christmas.
The fighter toughened up for the bout.
The boxer had to lose weight for the title match.
Boxers need quick reflexes.
The boxer was hit on the chin and went down for the count.
A boxer and an actor are coming toward us.
What I mean is this.
I will get it for you.
I had him come while I was still in bed.
The reason I'm here is because I was asked to come.
I know a good Italian restaurant.
It's balmy today.
Everything else is fine.
Some other boys came along.
No other man could do my work.
The others have to try and catch the murderer.
You shouldn't count on others for help.
I caught up with the others.
Where are the other girls?
The rest of us all had the smoked salmon.
I don't like other kinds of drinks.
Are you going to visit any other countries?
I had to work hard to keep up with the other students.
Can I see what's on the other channels?
Is there no alternative to your method?
Do you feel pain in any other part of your body?
Is everything OK here?
We agreed that there was no other alternative.
Is anyone else bidding?
There isn't anywhere else to park.
Can I bring you anything else?
Do you have anything else to order?
Was anybody else absent?
Who else came to the party?
There being nothing else to do, we went for a drive.
Who else is gone today?
Throw the ball back to me.
Please throw the ball.
Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
They filled them with straw to make them round and hard.
Chuck me the ball.
It is necessary that the halls be well cleaned.
The ballboys and ballgirls all come from local schools.
I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
Fill out the form in ballpoint.
Write with a ballpoint pen.
Will you write with a ballpoint pen?
Paul makes it a rule not to be late for his appointments.
Paul stood with his hand shading his eyes.
The hall was filled to capacity.
Paul went to the party in place of his father.
The ball hit him on the left side of the head.
The ball rolled on the ground towards me.
Paul prefers English to math.
Paul offered a new plan.
Paul put on gloves before going out.
The ball rolled across the lawn.
Paul is punctual like a clock.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
The hall could seat a thousand people before it was partitioned.
Paul studies very hard these days.
The ball bounced high in the air.
Balls are round.
Paul blushed and turned away.
Paul is by far the most charming boy in our school.
Paul's knowledge of creative bookkeeping has been the secret of his ability to get all the staffing he needs.
Paul is not so much a singer as a composer.
What were the balls made of? Thousands of years ago, the Egyptians made balls out of soft leather or cloth.
Paul wasn't with Mary when her purse was stolen.
The ball bounded away into our neighbor's garden.
Paul is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once.
That's the way the ball bounces.
Paul didn't become arrogant even though he was rich.
We have no salad in the bowl.
I wonder what happened to Paul.
The number of the chairs in the hall is 80.
More guests have come than the hall can hold.
There's a telephone in the hall.
There was a large crowd in the hall.
There was a small audience in the hall.
There were many people in the hall.
There wasn't a single vacant seat in the hall.
The hall was filled with students, many of whom were girls.
There were plenty of guests in the hall.
There were a fair number of people in the hall.
Paul has three sons. They look very much alike.
I found it a lot of fun to play tennis with Paul.
The ball hit her in the eye.
Not only the balls; the bat was also stolen yesterday.
The ball rolled across the road.
A ball hit her on the right leg.
A ball flew in through the window.
A ball is floating down the river.
Paul's success was a myth.
The ball bounced up high.
I enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold.
We couldn't figure out what Paul wanted to do.
Hit the ball on the rise.
A hole in one is moving on the whole.
Just once, I'd like to get a hole-in-one some day.
Do you think we'll make it to the airport in time, Paul?
Count me out if you go bowling.
Poland ceased to exist as a nation for 120 years.
Paula is going to wash the car tomorrow.
Paula has to help her father in the kitchen.
Did Paula study for today's test?
Paula was called away on urgent business.
Paula left the room to call her mother.
Bolas are made up of a long cord with two stone balls at the free ends.
It is very difficult to handle the bola, but the ancient Incas were very good at it.
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
Those homeless people are living hand-to-mouth.
You look like you're having a lot of trouble setting up that web page. Want some help?
It's fine to set up a web page, just be sure you don't infringe anybody's copyright.
The popularity of a web site depends on its content.
Holmes went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
I would like to see Mr Holmes.
Homesickness is a longing to go back to where you are from.
I feel homesick.
I blew my whole bonus on shopping and travel.
I received my bonus.
I was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than I was expecting.
You can hire a boat by the hour.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
The boy rowing the boat is a friend of mine.
We went to the lake to row a boat.
The girl rowing a boat is my cousin.
The boat was frozen in.
The boat danced on the choppy water.
The boat shipped water and nearly capsized.
The boat was tied to the shore by a cable.
The boat was off balance because it was overloaded.
The boat drifted down the stream.
The boat sank to the bottom of the lake.
The boat goes down the river.
The boat was sucked in.
The boat was cast ashore.
The boat sank in a flash.
The boat hugged the shore.
Stick a notice on the board.
I'll be staying at the Portside Hotel.
The boats are beached on shore.
There are gaps between the boards in the box. If you fit them in snugly, you'll get more use out of the box.
A boat capsized.
Porters often have to walk across the lines.
Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
Please have the porter take the baggage to our room.
Let a porter carry your baggage.
Portia tempered justice with mercy.
Mr Hawk is a kind gentleman.
Dr. Hawking had almost finished writing a book.
Hawking went back to his studies.
When Hawking graduated from college in 1962, he began studying for a Ph.D. in physics.
Again, Hawking was almost ready to give up.
When he started the book, Hawking was unable to write by hand at all.
For Hawking, writing this book was not easy.
It was clear that Hawking would live longer than was first thought.
Boeing has calculated the chances of a series of crew errors leading to CFIT.
The company's analysis shows that in over 60% of all accidents in the past ten years, the behavior of the flight crew was the dominant cause.
Boeing's safety experts have joined others in the industry to form an international task force to try to eliminate one particular kind of air crash known as controlled flight into terrain, CFIT.
I talked my boyfriend into buying me a ring.
What did you buy for your boyfriend?
She got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work.
The membership of the Boy Scout troop swelled.
The boy scouts went from door to door selling what they had made.
Waiter, please give me a cup of tea.
Waiter, give us separate checks please.
I had the boy carry my bag.
Waiter, three coffees, please.
Barking dogs don't always bite.
There are people who don't like spinach.
Let him alone. He'll soon come around by himself.
On hearing the whistle, they started at full speed.
Rigid wheels give sufficient stability to a low-speed vehicle steered by outside forces.
Finding an apartment can be difficult.
Would you lend me your pen?
Do you have a pen?
Can I borrow your pen?
Would you mind lending me your pen?
Pass me the pen.
I must put my ideas together before I take up a pen.
May I borrow your pen?
Henry has no more than six dollars.
Henry is old enough to support himself.
Henry will come of age this March.
Henry was dismissed by reason of his old age.
Henry James was an American by birth.
Henry wants to see you.
Pens and pencils are examples of writing tools.
Ben also has something to do with the matter.
I want a pen friend.
Ben put his hands in his pockets.
Ben is behind them, but he'll soon catch up with them.
Ben was believed to be a criminal.
Ben committed his diary to the lawyer's care.
Ben decided to tell the lawyer everything he knew.
Ben is not as young as he looks.
Ben was at a loss for what to say next.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Ben acted out the scene of the waitress spilling soup in his lap.
Ben spread a rumor about me out of malice.
Ben learned to make a fire without matches.
Ben, if anything, was a sensible man.
Ben, if anything, is a sensible man.
Ben ran a 100-meter race with Carl.
Ben and I don't get along. We have nothing in common.
Who is heavier, Ben or Mike?
Write with pen and ink.
Please write your name in pen.
Please write with a pen.
You must fill the blanks in with a pen.
Sit down on the bench.
The two men sitting on the bench were Americans.
The woman on the bench is Mrs. Brown.
He seated himself on the bench.
I had hardly sat down on the bench when I found it had just been painted.
Let's sit down on the bench.
Benson and Holmes analyzed the psychological effect of artificial insemination on parents.
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
Gotta paint it.
We'll paint it.
The paint hasn't dried yet.
The paint is off.
This paint comes off easily.
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
If you want a pen, I will lend you one.
Do you have a pen or pencil?
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
If you don't have a pen, use a pencil.
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.
As Ben Jonson put it, "Speak that I may see thee."
You wash the dishes, Ben.
We got dead drunk.
Helen is very worried about her daughter.
Helen jumped in fright at the strange sound.
Helen shrieked with terror.
Helen is more pretty than beautiful.
Helen is in love with his personality.
Helen visits her uncle every Sunday.
Helen is playing in the yard.
Helen is by nature an optimist.
Helen does not eat enough and she is getting thin.
Helen got off at the next stop.
Helen did me a good turn.
Helen telephoned me that she had arrived in London safely.
Helen came to Japan last year.
Helen graduated from high school last year.
No sooner had Helen come home than she fell sick.
Helen blushed at their praise.
Helen reviewed the day's happenings.
Helen weighs not more than 40 kilograms.
Helen always keeps her room clean.
Helen is always at the top of her class.
Helen is seventeen years old.
Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo.
Helen Moody was noted as a tennis player for not showing any expression on the court.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
Helen Keller was deaf and blind.
Helen, this is my cousin.
Dr. Hellebrandt is an associate professor in that excellent university.
Dr. Bell treated the patient.
Mr. Bell is due to make a speech tonight.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
Please ring for the servant.
Press the bell twice.
It was in 1989 that the Berlin Wall was taken down.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
Can you send the bellboy up?
The bellboy will show you to your room.
Has the bell rung?
Bell invented the telephone.
The bell rings at noon.
Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
The bell has not rung yet.
Hearing the bell, the examinees knew it was time to stop.
The best advice to follow when buying a Persian carpet is to have a good knowledge of carpets!
There is an old story about a Persian cat.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
Do you know the capital of Belgium?
What languages do they speak in Belgium?
On hearing the bell, she answered the telephone.
No sooner had the bell rung than the teacher came into the classroom.
John jumped to his feet the moment the bell rang.
The bell rang and the train moved off.
There's the bell.
The bell is ringing.
The bell rang, and the train began to move.
We were watching TV when the bell rang.
When the bell rang, the audience took their seats.
The bell rang. The teacher told the students to hand in the papers.
What is the common language in Peru?
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
The helicopter is so useful that someday it may take the place of cars and trains.
The helicopter is flying very low.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
The helicopter is hovering overhead.
Perry obtained precious information from him.
A helicopter circled over us.
Perry has acquired the habit of thinking aloud.
Perry decided to gain information from Drake.
Perry visited Uraga in 1853.
Perry is mistaken in thinking that Emmet's theory was constructed without reference to Newtonian physics.
I'm on the balcony.
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
I froze at the sight of the snake.
Snakes are said to mesmerize small animals and birds.
Snakes are animals I don't like in the least.
Some snakes are poisonous.
The very thought of snakes makes her turn pale.
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
I was very scared of snakes.
The snake coils itself up.
The babysitter tried to sing the baby to sleep.
Pepperberg hoped that a similar system would help Alex grasp the meaning of words, not just their sounds.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
Pepperberg can show Alex two objects (for example, a green square and a red square) and ask, "What's different?"
Have you ever gone to Venice?
Penicillin has contributed much to the welfare of mankind.
To whom do we owe the discovery of penicillin?
I was dog tired when I got home last night.
Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
Betty can't tell right from wrong.
Betty killed her mother.
I think Betty is eligible for a fine young man.
Betty killed her.
Betty cannot keep any secret to herself for a long time.
Betty killed him.
Betty will be able to come before noon.
Betty drives fast.
Betty challenged me to a game of tennis.
Betty went to the sea yesterday.
Betty read four stories during the vacation.
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
Betty is watering the flowers.
Betty never said a word.
Betty has a sweet voice.
Betty talks as if she knew everything.
Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
Betty laid herself on the bed.
Betty can play the piano.
Betty brought some roses and Jane some carnations.
Betty is a dancing teacher.
Betty is crazy about dancing.
Betty seemed surprised at the news.
Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
Betty got over the shock.
Betty likes classical music.
Betty could sing better.
Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
Betty was the first girl who came to the party.
Betty arrived the latest.
It's not as though we were enemies at each other's throat.
Anywhere with a bed will do.
No pets allowed.
Please make the bed.
Could you send someone up to make the bed?
No one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building.
Could you turn on your headlights?
It is cruel of him to ill-treat pets.
The glaring headlights dazzled us for a moment.
The headlight doesn't work.
Should I make my bed every day?
Please tell me how to make my bed.
Make your bed.
Please show me how to use the headset.
The noisy headphones are that guy's.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
Pets offer us more than mere companionship.
We're not supposed to indulge pets.
There is a cat under the bed.
Two sheets were on the bed.
My pet cat died yesterday.
It's hard to imagine a life without pets.
He had hardly got into bed when he fell asleep.
He laid himself on the bed.
He lay on the bed.
Some people keep rare animals as pets.
Look at a baby sleeping in the bed.
A boy sleeping in bed seems to be an angel.
You must not stay in bed.
There is a very strict rule forbidding smoking in bed.
It goes without saying that pets are not allowed.
Get out of bed!
Looking up from the bed, he thanked me for helping him.
Each time you step on the pedal, the wheel turns once.
A bad workman blames his tools.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
I'd like to change these pesos, please.
As Beth wiped tears from her face, she rushed home.
Beth has preserved her good looks.
Beth was very impressed and content with his completely new clothes.
Beth was looking forward to meeting him, but he never showed up.
Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
Beth described what she had seen in detail.
Beth is seeing her teacher in the teacher's room now.
Beth protested, but her mother reminded her that she was incredibly fat.
Beth is an odd girl who likes snakes.
Bess is simply a child.
Beth had to work very hard, and now she is hungry and exhausted.
Beth accused her sister, Sally, of tearing her scarf.
Beth is unqualified for such a responsible post.
Beth was committed to Chris and eagerly accepted.
Beth was always up a tree.
Beth is afraid of the dark because of her evil brother.
Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.
Beth's father discussed with her how strongly he expects her to be quiet.
You need to reverse your vest, it's back to front.
Do your best.
We can but do our best.
Do your best and don't worry.
Welcome to Best Products.
I'm surprised that Beth didn't enjoy her time at the farm.
I wish Beth were here with me now.
Chris could not conceal his sadness when he heard that Beth had been unable to find his valuable watch.
I'm a vegetarian, so I'd rather not have meat, if that's okay.
Peggy did not go to see the drama, and neither did I.
It overflows into a paper cup.
Miss Pate felt timid about making a speech before a hundred people.
Beethoven was a great musician.
Beethoven was deaf in his late years.
Beethoven goes to the piano, sits down at it, and begins to play.
Do you have Beethoven?
I feel a strong attraction to the music of Beethoven.
Peter loves Jane.
Please turn over the page.
Please turn the page.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
Read the bottom of the page.
The total at the bottom of the page is carried forward.
Would you like bacon or sausage?
Bacon and eggs is his order.
In the same way as Hegel, Panovsky's notion of the dialectic makes history follow a predetermined course.
Mrs. Baker had her purse stolen.
The Bakers have a farm up the river.
Really? My hobby is reading comics.
Really? I thought she'd be the last person to get married.
Look at you - all scrubbed and dressed. They say the clothes make the man.
Oh, you must be good at sports.
Heavy sound is being looked for.
I needn't have painted the fence.
I didn't need to paint the fence.
Mr Baker is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
They made huge, grotesque, yet beautiful poles of red cedar.
Miss Baker knew that the young man would have to leave very soon, so she decided to ask him to move his car a bit, so that she could park hers in the proper place for the night before going to bed.
Mr Baker is not so much a scholar as a writer.
Can I borrow your hair drier?
I don't think I'll make the grade if I try to play professional baseball.
The number of the front desk is No 1.
You had better check them at the front desk.
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
Should I clean your windshield?
Planning the wedding before proposing is putting the cart before the horse.
Mr Frost is eligible for the post.
The status of the project is as follows.
How's your project coming along?
The bath was not hot enough and I was unable to enjoy it.
May I have a program?
Florence Nightingale is famous as the woman who began professional nursing.
What kind of musicals are on Broadway right now?
I'm dying for frozen yogurt.
Brokers made a killing because of the high yen.
Nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as Freud.
Freud originated psychoanalysis.
Floyd, what's the matter?
Brent is an American, but he speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
Freddy's been working the graveyard shift the past month, so he hasn't been able to see any of his friends who work normal hours.
Have you heard from Freddie?
Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
Fred had his little brother paint the fence.
Fred is a lazy fellow.
Fred grew up to be a surgeon.
Fred went so far as to say that he had hated me.
Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
Fred told his wife about the goals that he wanted to accomplish.
Fred left his wife a large fortune.
Fred tried to get to the door, but the table was in the way.
Fred often comes late for class.
Fred is always telling lies.
Fred took a liking to Jane and started dating her.
Fred spent all day looking for a job.
Fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college.
Fred's house has five rooms.
Because he thought Fred's comment was tacky, Larry got up on his high horse.
Fred has very little patience, and it doesn't take much to make him fly off the handle.
The boy talking with Fred is Mike.
Fred and George took turns with the driving.
Did you hear that Fred has been shown the door?
Fred kicked a ball.
It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not.
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
Fred, behave, and I'm not joking, either.
Could you gift wrap it?
Thank you for your present.
Will the present make him happier?
It is best to review the material before the presentation.
Please give us a 20-30 min. time slot for our presentation.
Since PlayStation 2 came out the game software store shelves have bloomed riotously with colorful new titles.
I'm really looking forward to next March, when they roll out the new Play Station 2.
Blake loved to walk in the country round London.
Press the brake pedal to turn on your brake lights.
The function of the brake is to stop the car.
Something is wrong with the brakes.
The brakes did not work.
You must be crazy to ride a bicycle that has no brakes!
The brake isn't working well.
The brake didn't work.
The brake stopped working.
Come and join us.
Plain English is a shortcut to the goal of language learning.
It seems that Mr Brooke is an honest man.
You can eat a complete meal, or just go easy with our salad bar.
The girl in a blue coat is my daughter.
Don't wanna feel blue.
I plan to play a flute solo.
Do you want another glass of fruit punch?
I think that a new fruit drink will go over big during the summer.
Brutus stabs Caesar, and Caesar falls.
Bruce was terribly upset when his girlfriend left him, but he soon got over it.
Blue Sky Sport is closed every Thursday.
Do you remember what day of the week Blue Sky Sports is closed?
Here's your pudding.
You look very good in blue.
A prism decomposes light.
Please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer.
Is there anywhere I can go to find a flea market?
Call us toll-free at 1-800-446-2581.
Age brandy in oak casks.
I like my brandy straight.
The brandy brought him around in no time.
The brandy is getting to my head.
They brought her round with brandy.
I want to eat French cuisine.
The President of France visited Okinawa.
The French are said to love art.
The French are our neighbors across the Channel.
I have a daughter who's married to a Frenchman.
Do you like French wines?
I want a person who can speak French.
To speak French is difficult.
It comes natural to him to speak French.
No one can match her in speaking French.
Why don't you study French?
Seeing as she can speak French fluently, she may have studied in France.
I picked up some French.
French is difficult to learn.
She acted as if she knew French well.
It's not easy to master French at all.
Such languages as French, Italian and Spanish come from Latin.
French is her mother tongue.
I can't even read French, much less speak it.
French is spoken by many.
French developed from Latin.
French is spoken in France.
French is spoken in parts of Italy as well as in France.
French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
The French word 'chat' means 'cat'.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
It's the first time he has run across French.
Written in French, this book is not easy to read.
Nobody compares with her in French.
I don't speak French very much.
If only I could speak French.
I was ill at ease because I didn't speak French.
French is their mother tongue.
For us, English was the language to fall back on when we couldn't make ourselves understood in French.
I am writing a study of the French Revolution.
I would like to go to France.
I'd like to know how to send money to France.
I hope your business trip to France was successful.
France is in western Europe.
France is to the south of England.
France seems to be swinging left - Britain to the right.
France was at war with Russia.
France is adjacent to Spain.
France borders Italy.
France used to have many colonies in Africa.
What's the total population of France?
I'm not familiar with French poets.
The French flag is blue, white and red.
Do you have any French wine?
Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
Artists are highly respected in France.
How do you cook this fish in France?
The swing is moving up and down.
Franklin was known for his common sense.
Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
Frank can't have been ill. He was playing tennis all day.
Frank majored in sociology at university.
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
Frank had a reputation as a bad boy but he lived it down as he grew up.
Frank's boss is extremely money hungry.
Maybe I'll just wander off on my own.
It's time that you stopped wasting your youth on idle pastimes.
I've been wandering around.
As long as we're all just hanging around chatting, may I make a suggestion? Get back to work!
Let's just wander and see where it takes us.
There was only one other person on the platform.
There were a good many people on the platform.
I'd like a Bloody Mary.
Is it all right to use a flash here?
Please put me through to Mr Black.
Is there any likelihood that Mr Black will agree to the plan?
Blackie makes a lot of noise while he eats.
Set a diamond in a platinum mounting.
The brass band marched around the town.
The brass band members looked very happy.
The brass band played three marches.
A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.
Plastic does not burn easily.
Plastic does not break easily.
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality.
Brazil supplies us with much of our coffee.
People in Brazil were proud of him.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
I wonder what language they speak in Brazil.
No other sport in Brazil is so popular as soccer.
I would appreciate it if I had the opportunity to meet with Mr Brown again during his stay in Chicago.
Mrs. Brown understands Japanese.
Mr Brown is in charge of our class.
I studied mathematics under Dr. Brown.
Mr Brown is looked up to by all the students.
My idea is that we should talk to Mr Brown.
You should have Mr Brown correct your speech before the presentation.
I want Mr Brown paged.
Mr Brown is in the sunset of his life.
Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
Mr Brown was acting in the capacity of ambassador.
Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
Mr Brown belongs to the upper class.
Mr Brown is looking for his own glasses.
Mr Brown is our English teacher.
Mr Brown contracted with the builder for a new house.
Mr Brown is a doctor.
Mr Brown teaches at Harvard.
Mr Brown always carries a book with him.
Mr Brown left for England on May 15.
Put me through to Mr Brown.
I should like to speak to Mr Brown, please.
We were all surprised at the appointment of Mr Brown as director.
Mr Brown gave me your name.
Professor Brown is very pleased about getting his book published.
The Browns were all kind to me.
Though the Browns have seven children, they seem to make ends meet.
Brown is not so much a writer as a scholar.
The girl who Brown married is a nurse.
I'd like you to meet Mr Brown.
Don't you know Mr. Brown?
The Browns are a fine and happy family.
Mr Brown is a wool merchant.
Mr Brown is her father.
Mr Brown speaks Japanese very well.
Is Mr Brown a teacher?
Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
Ms. Brown seems to be an actress.
Mr Brown is not as old as he looks.
Mr Brown has a magical way with children.
Mr Brown is our financial adviser.
Miss Brown has gotten used to eating Japanese food.
Mr Brown was sick at the time.
Please give me the number for Mr Brown.
Mr Brown has four children.
A Mr Brown wants you on the phone.
It's a phone call from a Mr Brown.
I think he is Mr Brown.
Please unbutton your blouse.
Your blouse goes beautifully with that skirt.
The flyweight champion contended with a strong challenger.
Large fries, please.
Put the meat in the frying pan after the oil has spread.
I'd like to reconfirm my reservation.
Flight reconfirmation, please.
Brian looks blue.
Brian regrets starting a relationship with her and wants to escape from her.
Brian came to Kate, with his hair wet.
Brian left his belongings behind.
Brian intends to strictly limit the money he uses.
Brian lives over the hill.
Brian took some roses.
Brian left for New York.
Brian left the door open.
Brian kept the door open.
Brian studied English for this trip.
Brian kept Kate waiting.
Brian went to school with Kate.
Brian bought a lipstick for Kate.
Brian gets his mother to do his homework.
Brian barely has enough money so he consulted his parents.
There is a shortage of money in Brian's wallet and bank account.
Brian's girlfriend often begs him to take her to luxurious restaurants.
To Brian's surprise, his debt amounted to a considerable sum.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
It took Brian several hours to write a card.
This is Brian Rock.
Ha - this work finished! Let's go to next stage!
I met him on the street by chance.
Becoming too fat is not good for one's health.
Chance led to the discovery of the new island.
The rumor turned out to be false.
Give me a bottle of wine.
Wine is not to my taste.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
You should not adulterate wine with water.
He says he can't go without wine even for a day.
They have no more wine.
Grapes grow in bunches.
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.
We make grapes into wine.
Grapes are made into wine.
The grapes are getting mature.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
I'll punch your lights out!
He grunted his thanks.
Football is an old game.
Football is my favorite game.
Football was played in China in the second century.
The football game might be called off on account of rain.
Where can I see a football game?
The football game was postponed on account of bad weather.
Did you get hurt in the football game?
In a football game the spectators are usually ardent rooters for one of the two teams, but there also is a small group who will climb on the bandwagon of the winning team.
The football game is now on the air.
I play center in football and basketball.
A football team consists of eleven players.
Sorry to be so direct, but how much did you pay for this?
President Bush gave an important address on TV and the radio yesterday.
Mrs. Bush is our English teacher.
I have push button phones.
Bush followed Reagan as president.
Even after it was hit, the pole was still upright.
The date and address is usually written at the head of letters.
There is no cure for the common cold.
I usually play tennis.
One of the twins is alive, but the other is dead.
My ears were ringing from being beaten.
They were to have got married in May.
The older of the two daughters is in college.
Hey, we're trying to have a serious discussion here so I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't butt in so irresponsibly.
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.
Mr Fujimori is famous all over the world.
He had a lot of straight, silvery hair.
Please push the buzzer.
The buzzer sounded.
An owl sleeps by day and hunts by night.
Owls cannot see in the daytime.
The owl can see in the dark.
Owls are supposed to be very wise.
Quit pouting. Smile and cheer up.
The owl is slow on foot.
The forward kicked a goal.
Blowfish is a delicacy in Japan.
Fox missed a chance to be a movie star.
Do we dress formal?
I'll buy a Ford.
Mr Ford is all right now.
Mr Ford is what is called a self-made man.
I forgot to call up Mr Ford.
Mr Ford owns this land.
Fortune 500 companies were the hardest hit by recent legislation.
Fork-users have historically been in the minority.
Fork-users are mainly in Europe, North America, and Latin America; chopstick-users in eastern Asia and finger-users in Africa, the Middle East, Indonesia, and India.
Could we have a fork?
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
Forks and chopsticks became popular because they could easily handle hot food.
Before forks and chopsticks, people usually ate food with a piece of flat bread.
Although the fork entered society on the tables of rich people, many members of royalty, such as Elizabeth I of England and Louis XIV of France, ate with their fingers.
Forks were used for many years in Europe and the Near East, but only for cooking.
The general use of forks for eating started in the tenth century A.D.
A fork fell off the table.
I can't use a fork well.
There is a fork missing.
The work of Feuerbach is frequently referred to.
Locate Puerto Rico on a map.
The ferry started to move and we were across in half an hour.
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
It's the Fairmont bus.
I swam two pool lengths.
The girl swimming in the pool is my cousin.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
The boomerang hurtled whistling through the air.
The boom has peaked out.
Stop your grumbling and get the work out of the way.
I would like to purchase some boots.
Ms. Mizuta likes that "Buska" character so much that last time she happened by a store that had Buska goods, she homed in on them and bought one on the spot.
What's the capital city of Finland?
My film has run out.
Philip and Tom are related to each other.
Mr Philips, along with some friends and neighbors, is planning a celebration.
The bellows are not working.
On encountering the celebrity, the fans asked for his autograph.
The fans sought to shake the actress's hand.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself at the Van Dorgen Exhibition.
She's intent on going to New York to study fashion.
A fashion model must have a good carriage.
Fashion designers are breaking with tradition.
What did the businessman say when he invented the zip-fastener?
Dr. Faust was well versed in alchemy.
Please don't encrypt your file.
I'm attaching three files.
The file cabinet drawers are open.
Don't give up the fight.
Fabre wrote books about insects.
Please excuse me for calling you by your first name.
I'd like to travel first-class.
The first baseman is the Achilles heel of our team.
The cold air revived Tom.
Ping-Pong is also called table tennis.
Do you like baseball, Bin?
Bin lived in Singapore.
You could have heard a pin drop.
There was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle.
There is a little water in the bottle.
There is no water left in the bottle.
There is a little milk left in the bottle.
There is little wine left in the bottle.
There is little milk left in the bottle.
Do I have to focus it?
Please just focus it.
That's a little out of focus.
The Hindus worship in temples.
We ordered pink, but we received blue.
Who is the girl in the pink dress?
Pink and rose are similar colors.
It was a big upset when Hingis was eliminated in the first round.
The pin pierced his finger and it began to bleed.
It is a sin to steal even a pin.
Hiromi decided to risk bungee-jumping, even though he was scared.
Hiromi wears a new dress.
Hiroshi is sawing the wood into boards.
Although Hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke, she readily goes out drinking with friends.
Except for Bill, they were all in time.
Except for Bill, they all made it.
May I speak to Bill?
I'd like to take the pill.
Both Bill and Mac are crazy about computers.
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
Bill put aside a hundred dollars for his trip.
Bill will return next week.
Bill has the makings of an excellent scientist.
Bill often fails to keep his word.
Bill missed the first ball.
Bill is a baseball player.
Bill really drinks like a fish.
Bill didn't work hard enough and so he failed.
Bill is on the editorial staff.
Bill was unable to get Mary to understand what he said.
Bill hates his father smoking heavily.
Bill resembles his father in character.
Unfair advantage was taken of Bill's weakness.
Bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother.
Bill is completely unlike his brother.
Bill can speak Japanese a little.
Bill was in Japan.
Bill dealt Tom a sudden blow.
Bill has a lot of original ideas.
Bill got mad and called Dick names.
Bill dived into the river to save the drowning child.
Bill took his brother to the zoo.
Bill is really fighting the battle of the bulge.
Bill was canned from his job last week.
Bill was single until he tied the knot last week.
Bill was adamant that she should obey him.
Bill is good at mathematics.
Bill was killed by an intruder.
Bill had always been a quiet, home-loving man, but after a few months in the job, his personality changed.
Bill did nothing else but joke.
Bill has not less than six dollars.
Bill was killed with a gun.
Bill will win, won't he?
Bill wanted to get to the office in good time to clean his desk.
Bill was too young to take the post.
Bill has a part-time job so that he can buy a car.
Bill died a disappointed man.
Bill shouted that he was all right.
Bill can ride a bicycle.
Bill is seldom ever on time.
Bill is nervous about the exam.
Bill was able to pass the exam.
Bill is two years older than I.
Bill is two years senior to me.
Bill is my junior by two years.
Bill accepted my statement as true.
Bill tapped me on the shoulder.
Bill is my best friend.
Bill brought me a glass of water.
Bill brought me the book.
Bill made me a nice dress.
Bill joined our company three years ago.
Bill is a great fighter.
It looks like Bill will go to medical school after all.
Bill never argues with other people.
Bill is not tall like you.
Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
Bill spoke Japanese with surprising fluency.
Bill came to see me last autumn.
Bill may be watching this game at the stadium.
Bill was much loved by the other children in his school.
Bill lives near the sea.
Bill kept on crying for hours.
Bill got into such a hole with the payments on his house that now that he's lost his job, I don't know how he'll ever get out from under.
Above all, Bill was worried about gaining weight.
The printing business made Bill a small fortune.
Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train.
Every other day Bill goes fishing.
Bill often plays with toys by himself.
Bill is a regular fool.
Bill often goes to the park.
Bill is not as tall as Bob.
Bill can run faster than Bob.
Bill is on his way to New York.
Bill was crazy for a motorbike.
Bill came all the way from Florida.
Bill seems to be stuck on Mary.
Bill got up so early that he caught the first train.
Why did Bill tear the letter into pieces?
How fast Bill runs!
Bill will often sing in the toilet.
Bill turned on the television.
Bill stopped smoking.
Bill just wanted to comfort Monica, but she interpreted it as romantic interest.
Bill was killed by that man.
Bill signed up for the exam.
Bill did not commit the crime.
Bill is equal to the task of running the firm.
Bill didn't turn up at the party.
Bill replaced Jim as captain.
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
Bill disagreed with his classmates on every subject.
Bill can run fastest in his class.
Bill is honest all the time.
Bill was late for school as usual.
Bill has stock in that company.
Bill climbed the ladder of success until he became the president of the company.
Bill is the more clever of the two brothers.
Bill is 20 minutes late. He must have gotten lost somewhere.
Bill has come by a great deal of money.
Bill is as tall as Jack.
Do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building?
There is a car in front of the building.
Bill's work is selling cars.
Bill's abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood.
Let's call Bill up.
Bill has no sense of adventure.
I haven't seen Bill for a long time.
Bill has many friends.
I never can tell Bill from his brother.
Bill and I have been sincere friends for a long time.
When Mr Hilton wanted to sell his house, he advertised it in the newspaper.
How much is the fare to the Hilton Hotel?
The Hilton Hotel, please.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to shoot the breeze.
Bill and Joan divided the candy between them.
Not only Bill but also Mac is crazy about computers.
Mr Hill went on a journey to Japan yesterday.
I'm planning to stay at the Hillside Hotel.
It is doubtful whether Bill will come.
Bill was singled out for a special award.
The building replaced several houses.
Bill called me last night.
Bill won the match, not so much by good luck as by real ability.
Nobody knows where Bill has gone.
Bill will take you on at tennis.
After fifteen years at a building firm, Bill Pearson was given the responsible position of area manager.
Bill, call me tonight.
Bill, answer the door.
Bill, did you take Spot for a walk yet?
Philip, like Andrew and Peter, was from the town of Bethesda.
"Come and see", said Philip.
Billy is very tall for his age.
Bill was careless in handling his pistol.
Billy is good at sports.
The secret of the pyramid was brought to light by science.
The pyramids were built in ancient times.
It looks like cherry blossom-viewing season is at an end. You can see the petals fluttering down.
See which way the cat jumps.
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
She might be seriously ill.
She might not know that we are here.
He cannot possibly believe her.
Perhaps he will come.
He might be away at the moment.
John might know something about Mr Black.
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
She might know the answer.
Do you mean you met her!?
Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
Did you happen to see her yesterday?
Do you, by any chance, think you will succeed?
Do you happen to know a man by the name of Brown?
Do you happen to know of a cheap hotel near here?
Do you know Professor Brown by any chance?
Something might have happened to her.
He might have lost his way.
Possibly he knows who broke the windows.
The chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
I may win by some chance.
It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
Do you happen to know anything done by her alone?
The chickens were scratching for food on the ground.
The hail cracked the window.
The hail harmed the crops.
The buffet or the cafeteria is in Car 9.
Mrs. Hughes, this is Peter Brown.
A fuse has blown.
Pull the string and the water flushes.
A good appetite is a good sauce.
The mountains in the Himalayas are higher than those in the Andes.
I really enjoyed the beefsteak you served, not to mention the other dishes.
Keeping up with the Joneses is expensive in rich town like Beverly Hills.
Could I have a plastic bag for those?
The weakness of vinyl is that it is easily affected by heat.
I grow tomatoes in plastic houses.
Don't count your chickens.
I like hot springs off the beaten track.
I felt so good as I lazed in the sunshine that I drifted off to sleep.
Cover your head when you are in the sun.
Even though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
I'm going to rock the boat.
Let's take a coffee break, shall we?
It looks as if it is going to rain.
How do you like living on your own?
Being left alone, the boy didn't know what to do.
Left to himself, the child would feel very lonely.
One speaks English, and the other speaks Japanese.
A man may be wrong; so may a generation.
A boy was driving a flock of sheep.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
A girl stood there crying.
A high school student made this robot.
A policeman ran past.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
You should have told me that you wanted me to come alone.
Don't be a wallflower.
You must go to a foreign country for yourself.
You can't lift the piano.
Unable to accomplish the task by himself, he turned to me for help.
Hitler is one of the most notorious dictators.
Hitler led Germany into war.
Hitler invaded Poland in 1939.
Hitler assumed power in 1933.
Hitomi looked very happy.
Jack stood aside for Hitomi to enter.
The explanation of each fact took a long time.
One magazine is for boys, and another for girls.
Many a quarrel comes about through a misunderstanding.
There wasn't a soul in sight.
I was wondering if you could help me.
Could I ask a favor of you?
May I ask you a favor?
I have an idea.
Once you hesitate, you are lost.
A tear rolled down her cheek.
That last comment was pushing it.
In a word, he is a flatterer.
She had changed so much that I couldn't recognize her.
My head aches so much.
It hurts terribly.
I have a bad toothache.
It was very cold, and then before long it began to rain on top of it.
It's terribly cold. I think I'm going to catch a cold.
I've been badly bitten by mosquitoes.
It was so dark that they could hardly see.
It was a terrible confusion; Sue slipped later in the water. They're all mad at you.
A piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger.
The trip was canceled because of the terrible storm.
I had a hard time.
He could not go out because of a bad storm.
I had a devil of a time.
You'll have a hard time.
Hearing the terrible noise, I asked him what was going on.
I had a bad stomach-ache.
A bad cold has kept me from studying this week.
I've caught a terrible cold.
I'll consult a doctor as I have a bad cold.
I had a bad cold.
Having a bad cold, he was absent from school today.
Owing to a bad cold, he could not take part in the game.
He said he was suffering from a bad headache.
Keep away from me because I have a bad cold.
A bad cold prevented her from attending the class.
I have recovered from my bad cold.
I have not got rid of my bad cold yet.
A hard wind is blowing.
I have a bad headache.
I had a bad headache. That's why I went to bed early.
This is a terrible climate.
Bad weather oppressed me.
It was dreadful weather.
I have terrible pains.
The heavy snow kept us from going out.
They were deep in the red and closed up shop.
A heavy snowstorm kept us from going out.
A critically wounded elephant went berserk and attacked every living thing in his path.
In spite of the terrible congestion, I was in time for the appointment.
Bad treatment fanned his dislike to hate.
I think the rain's getting heavier.
The noise of the heavy traffic kept me awake all night.
Terrible shooting broke out the night before last.
It was so cold that we lost the use of our hands.
The heavy rain compelled us to put off our departure.
He could not go out because of the heavy rain.
They started in spite of the heavy rain.
We were late for school because it rained heavily.
It's shameful, the way he wastes money.
I'm sorry that you've been badly injured.
He is hurt badly and is unconscious; that is, he can't think, speak, or hear.
Hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist.
I paid for the video in five installments.
I watched a movie on video.
It doesn't pay to play video games.
The video shop is open until 3 o'clock.
You're sick!
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
The teacher told me that Hitler killed himself.
Whoever the pitcher may be, he will not be able to strike out our best hitter.
Try on this new suit to see if it fits well.
Sheep provide us with wool.
It is time to feed the sheep.
We were struck dumb with astonishment.
He was in open-mouthed amazement.
I was agreeably surprised.
Oh my gosh! You're the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
A pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces.
We are annoyed at the constant noise.
I don't want you to ring me up all the time.
Where's the aisle for vitamins?
You should eat some vegetables rich in vitamins.
Foods rich in vitamin E include dark-green, leafy vegetables, beans, nuts and whole-grain cereals.
I ate a fresh lemon for the vitamin C.
A man with a gun urged him into the car.
The police came as soon as they heard the gunfire.
I hurt my elbow.
A pistol bullet went clean through his leg.
A successful business is built on careful financial management.
A businessman is working out some figures with a calculator.
I would like to go to a business school.
What is the procedure for getting a visa?
Why don't we order pizza?
I applied for a visa.
We are going downtown to eat pizza.
Please help yourself to the pizza.
Can I switch over from a sightseeing visa to a business one?
It'll be impossible to get a visa at short notice.
Many of the things Pizzaro had heard about the Inca treasure were true.
Pizza is my favorite food.
Can I pay with my VISA?
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
Could you please issue me a visa again?
Please extend this visa.
This school was recommended to me by someone I asked to help me with the visa application process.
I'm afraid I have water in my knee joint.
The eaves are dripping.
Do you accept Visa card?
Please shave my beard.
I lather my face before shaving.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
I cut myself shaving.
Do you also want a shave?
The picnic was called off because of rain.
The picnic was a disappointment.
Let's fix the date for the picnic.
The day of the picnic has arrived.
Let's go to the picnic.
We had lots of fun at the picnic.
How about going on a picnic?
It's ideal weather for a picnic.
Queen Victoria was the sovereign of Great Britain.
The pretty girl in the bikini was an eye-opener on the beach.
She has convulsions.
It's brand new.
The Hikari runs between Tokyo and Shin-Osaka in three hours and ten minutes.
Picasso is a famous artist.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
Picasso is an eminent painter.
Picasso painted this picture in 1950.
Picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old.
I bought a Picasso.
I'd like to buy a Picasso.
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.
Painters such as Picasso are rare.
Such painters as Picasso are rare.
When the little boy saw the clown, the cat got his tongue.
I'm off beer.
Drinking beer refreshes me.
I feel like drinking a beer.
I really feel like a beer.
What do you say to a beer?
What about a glass of beer?
Would you like some more beer?
Could I have another glass of beer?
Wouldn't you like another glass of beer?
Could I get one more beer, please?
A beer, please.
I'll buy you a beer.
Go easy on the beer!
Two beers, please.
Beer is brewed from malt.
The beer foamed over the top of the glass.
Beer bottles are made of glass.
I would like to have something to munch on with my beer.
Sales of beer is at the mercy of weather.
I don't drink much beer.
How much beer people drink largely depends on the weather.
I'd like a glass of beer.
Have you got any beer?
I know how to make beef stroganoff.
How do you like your beef stew?
Peanut butter and jelly, please.
The Beatles set the world on fire with their incredible music.
The Beatles consisted of four musicians.
The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation.
The Beatles are popular among young people.
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
Pete came coasting down the hill on his sled.
Let's go to the beach.
Peter didn't intend to break the vase.
I went out with the heater on.
Peter is a merry fellow.
Peter has decided to leave tomorrow.
Peter isn't anything like his father.
Peter takes after his mother more than his father.
Peter's very tall. He takes after his father.
Peter showed due respect to his teacher.
Peter may need a new diaper.
Peter talks with his parents in the United States on the phone at least once a week.
Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time.
Peter was fed up with childish girls.
Peter was fed up with childish girls and wanted to meet a really mature woman.
Peter is not in now.
Peter didn't come after all.
Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
Peter overcame a lot of difficulties before succeeding as a doctor.
Who is the boy acting the part of Peter Pan?
Peter looks very young.
Peter fell in love with the girl.
Peter remarked that the pudding was too sweet.
Peter applied to his boss for a raise.
Shall I ask Peter for help?
Peter and I would often go to the movies.
Peter and Carol were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
Peter and Eve make a handsome couple.
Peter came in your absence.
When Peter got up, Jean had already left home.
Peter, Nancy will be ready in while.
It is difficult to play the piano.
I'm no match for him when it comes to playing the piano.
Playing the piano is her favorite pastime.
May I play the piano?
Who is the man playing the piano?
The girl playing the piano is my sister.
The girl playing the piano is Akiko.
It takes years of practice to play the piano well.
The piano was out of tune; it sounded very bad.
A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
A piano is expensive.
Could I have money for my piano lesson?
What an expensive piano!
Can you play the piano?
Never did I dream that I would take first place in the piano contest.
The pianist played a trick on the audience.
As a pianist, he is far above me.
In addition to being a pianist, she is a painter.
Whether or not beer gardens get a lot of customers depends on the weather.
Half a loaf is better than none.
The number of Japanese who live on bread has increased.
I like to bake bread and give a loaf to my friend Mie.
I bought two loaves of bread.
Bread and milk are good foods.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall; Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King's horses and all the King's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Please slice a loaf of bread for me.
Bread is made from flour, water and yeast.
Bread is made from flour, water, and often yeast.
Bread is made from flour.
We have lots of bread, and as for butter, we have more than enough.
Bread is baked in an oven.
The car bumper absorbed some of the impact.
The hamburger is a famous American dish.
Your diet is going to be really unbalanced if all you eat is hamburgers.
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
There's a skeleton choking on a crust of bread.
Bread has gone up ten yen in price.
On what kind of bread?
Which would you like to have with your bread, butter or cheese?
Pan is a monkey that can spread butter on bread.
My band name's Red Hot.
Mr Hunt is principal of our school.
The ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian.
I need some bread and milk.
What time will the band start playing?
The band has played a march.
Can I have a Band-Aid?
Could you send up a Band-Aid and some medicine?
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra.
Giant pandas live only in China.
Have you ever seen a panda?
Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
The hunter aimed a shotgun at the flock of birds.
The hunter shot at the bird.
The hunter shot at a deer.
A hunter hunted hares with his dog.
The fish swam up for crumbs.
I have a flat tire.
I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
I need some hangers.
A trip to Hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars.
I'm not sure about Hawaii, where there are too many Japanese, but I do find that having at least some Japanese around can be reassuring. That's how I feel.
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
Hawaii is known as an earthly paradise.
Hawaii enjoys good weather the year round.
Hawaii is often referred to as "The Pearl of the Pacific."
The evening in Hawaii is very beautiful.
The Hawaiian ocean is so beautiful.
He says he has been to Hawaii before.
I'd like to go to Hawaii.
There are a lot of beach bums in Hawaii.
When you come to Hawaii, I'll show you around.
Tell me what you did in Hawaii.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Hawaii.
In Hawaii, one can enjoy sea bathing all the year round.
Hawaii's really the land of milk and honey.
Happy Halloween!
I'll stop giving them chocolate on Valentine's Day.
It is a silly practice for non-Christians to send chocolates on St. Valentine's Day.
Happy Valentine's Day.
You may have swelling, but don't worry about it.
How many days will it take until the swelling goes down?
Halley's Comet comes round once every eighty years.
Halley's Comet will come back in 2061.
A ballet theater is a place in which I can study motion.
He stands alone as a conductor of ballet music.
I play volleyball a lot.
Do you like playing volleyball?
His height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball.
Let's play volleyball.
I sprained my finger while playing volleyball.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
I couldn't see the parade well from where I was.
The parade went through the crowd.
The sound of the parade died away.
Haruyo is undoubtedly under stress during this entrance-examination season.
Haruyo steeled herself to tell Akiyoshi that she wanted to stop dating him.
Mr Balboa is so well known as to need no introduction.
It was nice of you to come all the way.
I appreciate your coming all the way.
I went all the way to see her only to find her away from home.
It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
I deeply appreciate your coming all the way.
Long ago in early cultures, the ball in the game was the symbol of the sun.
Beyond was the sea.
The sun rose above the horizon in the distance.
I saw a flash of lightning far in the distance.
You can see the island in the distance.
Flight 101 from Paris arrived one hour ahead of time.
All the Parisians have gone outdoors.
The river which flows through Paris is the Seine.
It will cost 500 dollars to fly to Paris.
It is not far to Paris.
It's fifty kilometers to Paris.
I'm thinking of going to Paris.
Have you ever been to Paris?
It was her wish to go to Paris.
Take the shortest route to Paris.
Paris has a great charm for Japanese girls.
Paris is called the City of Lights. Many beautiful buildings are lit at night.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
Paris is best in autumn.
Paris is the capital of France.
Paris did her best to defend her liberties.
Where is Paris?
Paris, which is on the Seine, is a beautiful city.
Paris fell in 1940.
Paris is the center of the world, in a way.
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
Corsairfly is an airline based in Paris.
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
I visited him at intervals during my stay in Paris.
While staying in Paris, I happened to meet him.
I met him while I was staying in Paris.
I'm dying to see Paris.
We stopped over in Athens on our way to Paris.
Could she make herself understood in French in Paris?
I remember meeting him in Paris.
What's in fashion in Paris?
Evidence that Harrison did not intend this work to be a parody can be seen in his letter to Mrs. Evans.
Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son's future.
The victims of the hurricane have not tasted food for three days.
The death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200.
There are good grounds for the view that Paris was the scene of frequent riots even before the revolution of 1789.
First, swallow one dose of barium.
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
Harry left his family 200 million yen when he died.
Harry is gentle with cats.
Barry hits the bottle every now and then.
Harry was late for class yesterday because of his accident.
Harry managed to swim across the river.
Harry is only 40.
Harry called at Tony's house.
Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
Harry couldn't keep up with the class.
Barry Taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
Could you tell me where I could go to get a square meal?
Experience the sickening knotting of the stomach.
Roses smell sweet.
The roses bloom in spring.
The roses sometimes grow wild.
The roses are now in full bloom.
A rose has thorns on its stem.
The rose is called the queen of flowers.
The rose is the national flower of this country.
I should have brought my umbrella. Large raindrops are starting to fall.
I read an exciting story.
This is a great moment.
A rose smells sweet.
The roses are in bud.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
The perfume of roses filled the room.
The smell of roses hung in the air.
There is nothing I like so much as the smell of roses.
The roses are in full bloom.
It's as lovely as a rose.
The smell of roses filled the room.
It is better to be stung by a nettle than pricked by a rose.
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.
A parasol is used during the summertime to shade the face.
The roses are in bloom.
Let's go early, shall we?
Quick, run after him.
Would you slice me a piece of ham, please?
I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again.
Hamlet acts as if he were insane.
Who wrote Hamlet?
Play the part of Hamlet.
Who acts Hamlet?
Can you quote a line of Hamlet?
There are 340 species of hummingbirds.
During the bubble, people dreamed of a life of leisure.
If only I'd sold that property during the economic bubble, I wouldn't have suffered such a big loss.
That's because the bubble vanished into thin air.
A pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer.
Well, he is baptizing, and everyone is going to him.
Could you show me what you're serving in the buffet?
In the Carteret Islands, near Papua New Guinea, some people have already had to leave their homes because the seawater is washing around their houses.
Can I go out to play, Dad?
Daddy was in his office, under our flat.
He said that he could smell something burning and that the telephones weren't working.
He brought our TV set down to the cellar.
I could say nothing in my dad's presence.
Why don't you have Dad clean up his study?
Hang onto Daddy!
I'll tell Daddy on you.
Daddy passed gas.
Where are you going, Dad?
So this is Lady Evans.
Give me a ride on your shoulders, Daddy.
Two vanilla ice creams please.
He's very shy. He says he wants to see you.
The Panama Canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
Your nose is running. Blow it.
The patrol cars cover the whole of the area.
The patrol car pursued a speeding sports car, but it all ended in a wild-goose chase.
Patricia will organize the tournament.
The pigeon and the ostrich are both birds; one can fly and the other cannot.
The dove stands for peace.
A dove is a symbol of peace.
The dove is a famous symbol for peace.
The dove is a symbol of peace.
Do you know where Miss Hudson lives?
Professor Hudson is my father's friend.
I need a police car.
He ran away at the sight of a police patrol.
The police car was driving at fairly high speed.
Patty exposed her back to the sun on the beach.
Patty was so short that she couldn't get at the branch.
Patty is a smart student.
Patty finished writing to her friends in Canada.
Bach and Handel were contemporaries.
Pat stripped off his clothes and dived in.
Pat is very talkative.
Pat's going to Jim's birthday party.
Go and help them, Bud.
The batteries are extra.
The battery gave out.
The battery ran down.
The batter struck out swinging.
The batter has two balls and two strikes on him.
Ichiro hit an eye-popping double.
I'm going to have to start lobbing. I can't win with passing shots alone.
My bag was stolen.
Keep an eye on the bags.
Please show me your bag.
Please open your bag.
I saw flashing red lights in my rear-view mirror and my heart sank.
The rear-view mirror fell off.
Where can I put my bag?
If you can't lift your backpack, then you can't carry it!
The candy I had in my bag went mushy in the heat.
One of my bags is missing.
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.
Not to mince matters, I don't want you to come to our party.
To put it clearly, I don't like him.
Quit talking like you've got something stuck in your mouth and say what you mean.
Give it to me straight.
Just for the record, I totally disagree with this decision.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Get to the point!
Speak up!
There were no visible dangers.
I will give you a call as soon as I know for sure.
There is nothing more shameful than to say what one cannot say for certain.
I don't know for certain.
May I ask a few more questions about that point? It's a little obscure.
I am not sure, but I think I want to be a teacher.
Give me a definite answer.
I guess I haven't made myself clear.
I pronounce this a perfect dinner.
Mice are distinct from rats.
There is no sugar in the bowl.
A hummingbird is no larger than a butterfly.
A bee flew out of the window.
Kick with your legs straight to go forward.
Bread and butter is my usual breakfast.
I ate nothing but bread and butter.
You've run through all the butter?
Please pass me the butter.
I'd like some more butter.
Bread and butter is their usual breakfast.
Pass me the butter, please.
Butter and cheese are made from milk.
Butter is made from cream.
Butter is made from milk.
We make butter from milk.
What is butter made of?
Butter is sold by the pound.
You can use margarine as a substitute for butter.
Dr. Patterson communicated with a gorilla using sign language.
Dr. Patterson also uses spoken language with Koko.
Dr. Patterson: She made the sign for cat.
Dr. Patterson: Oh, no! She was very gentle with him.
Dr. Patterson: Not at all! Koko has taught us that gorillas are intelligent enough to learn sign language.
Dr. Patterson: Yes, it was horrible.
Dr. Patterson: Sure. Do you know about Koko's love for cats?
It is unclear in Patterson's experiment whether the output objects fully correspond to the designed models.
I broke the personal computer.
I need some butter. Do you have any?
Personal computers are of great use.
I am seeking a person who can write a personal computer manual.
She alone is able to use the personal computer.
How much is the bus fare?
Bus rates have stayed the same for two years.
What do you think of the idea of making a bus trip?
I'd like to have a single room with a bath for two nights.
A single room with bath, please.
It's a ten minutes walk to the bus stop.
Would you like a room with a bath or a shower?
Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
Our house is quite satisfactory except that it is rather a long way to the bus stop.
The bus stop is across the street.
The bus stop is quite handy.
The bus stop is near our school.
Where's the bus stop?
The bus stop is close by.
The bus stop is five minutes' walk from here.
Getting to the bus stop, he found the bus had left.
The bus had already left when I reached the stop.
Show me the way to the bus stop.
I'll call you back when I get to the bus stop.
There was not a long queue at the bus stop.
No one is waiting at the bus stop. We may have missed the bus.
What's the bus fare?
The bus fare was raised.
The bus fares have been raised by 20 percent.
Where can I catch a bus?
Please tell me where the bus stop is.
I'd rather walk than wait for a bus.
The man waiting for the bus lost his temper.
While waiting for bus, I was caught in a shower.
While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
Waiting for a bus, I met my friend.
Bus service must be increased in frequency.
It is careless of me to take the wrong bus.
We had to wait a little while for a bus.
While getting off the bus, she heard her name called.
How long have you been waiting for the bus?
I took the wrong bus.
The bus passed five minutes ago.
I can't finish this part of the puzzle.
The bathroom is occupied now.
The bathroom is at the end of the hall.
I'd rather walk than take a bus.
On a bus or a train one must pay a fare.
Would you mind letting me see your passport?
May I see your passport, please?
May I see your passport?
Someone stole my passport.
What's the best way for me to get a passport?
I have my passport.
Will you show me your passport, please?
Passport, please.
May I look at your passport?
Show me your passport, please.
The passport important on your trip.
A passport identifies you as a citizen of a country and allows you to travel to foreign countries.
Do you have your passport?
A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
Do you remember your passport number?
The person whose name was on the passport was described with words.
I lost my passport. I'll have to get a new one.
I need your passport and three pictures.
I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
The bus was filled to capacity.
The bus was heading north.
The bus was very crowded. I wish I had taken a taxi.
The bus was about to start.
The bus left five minutes ahead of time.
The bus arrived ten minutes behind time.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
It seemed that the bus had been late.
The bus left early.
The bus stopped to take up passengers.
The bus rocked heavily up and down.
The bus picked up the speed gradually.
The buses left one after another.
The bus will have started before we get there.
The bus has just left.
The bus was late because of the traffic jam.
The bus stopped sharply.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
The bus deposited us at the station.
How often do the buses run?
The bus has already gone.
The bus is due here any time now.
The bus hasn't come yet.
The buses ran back and forth almost empty.
The bus went past the bus stop.
The bus stopped in every village.
How long ago did the bus leave?
The bus was very crowded.
Where will the bus pick us up?
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
The bus rattled as it drove along the bumpy road.
The bus was so crowded that I was kept standing all the way to the station.
The bus should be coming soon.
The bus will come soon.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
The bus was two minutes early.
There is only one bus every two hours.
Buses are running at 20 minute intervals.
There is a bus every fifteen minutes.
The bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
The bus will arrive within ten minutes.
The buses run every ten minutes.
The bus leaves every ten minutes.
May I have a bus route map?
What time does the bus leave?
There ought to be a better bus service.
I'd like a bus route map.
Is there a bus service?
As there was no bus service, we had to walk all the way to the station.
We had much difficulty in finding the bus stop.
Let's run to the bus stop.
I'll race you to the bus stop.
Since there was no vacant seat on the bus, I stood the whole way.
There were no more than five passengers in the bus.
I often talk to him on the bus.
Can I buy a ticket on the bus?
A stranger spoke to me in the bus.
I came upon a friend of mine in the bus.
I ran into Mr Lynch on the bus.
The front of the bus was not crowded.
Most of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
The bus conductor told her to get off because she could not pay the fare.
May I have a bus schedule?
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
The driver told us to be careful when we got off the bus.
The bus drivers are on strike today.
The bus service won't be available until the snow has melted.
I was late for the bus, late for work, and got a run my stockings.
You must buy a ticket to get on the bus.
It was careless of you to miss the bus.
Don't miss the bus.
You'd better get going in case you miss the bus.
You'd better leave at once so that you don't miss the bus.
I missed the bus.
Let's get on the bus.
You will have to go without her.
Take a bus.
Should I take the bus?
It was careless of her to leave her umbrella in the bus.
I may have left my umbrella in the bus.
There being no vacant seats on the bus, I was kept standing all the way to the station.
Let's hurry so that we can catch the bus.
There being no vacant seat in the bus, I kept on standing.
The bus takes fifty people.
I left my briefcase in the bus.
It is cheaper to go by bus.
Will you go to Tokyo by bus?
Some people went by bus, and others by train.
Let's take a bus.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
Sometimes I go by bus and sometimes by car.
Do you go by bus, by train, or by subway?
I prefer going on foot to going by bus.
Are you going by bus or car?
I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
Do you think it will take long by bus?
How can I get to the hospital by bus?
The bus will take time.
Let's go by train instead of by bus.
How long does it take by bus?
In the bus, a boy made room for an old woman.
It takes two hours to go there by bus.
He came by bus.
How long will it take me to get there by bus?
Pasteur experimented with bacteria.
Where do I book a bus tour?
Pasta is Fernando's province.
I'll bring one more towel.
My bath towel was wet, so it was of no use.
Where is the bus terminal?
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
It is interesting to play basketball.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
A basketball team consists of five players.
In basketball, tall players have an advantage.
Quite a lot of rotten apples were in the basket.
When the bus came, she got on.
There comes the bus.
The bus left the stop.
As the bus was late, I took a taxi.
Since the bus had been delayed, we had a long wait in the rain.
I hope the bus will come before long.
There goes our bus. Now we'll have to walk.
All was quiet except that buses sometimes ran.
Don't get off the bus till it stops.
The bus stopped and we got on.
A bus got in the way.
A bus transported us from the airport to the city.
The bus broke down at one end of the bridge.
Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
The bus runs between the school and the station.
Let's get off the bus.
The bus leaves the stop pretty soon.
Since there was no bus, I had to walk.
The bus arrived empty.
There was a bus in the way.
The bus nearly ran over him.
The bus fell off the cliff, killing all 10 aboard.
The bus is behind time.
Does it have a toilet?
Buses, trains and planes convey passengers.
Get into your pajamas.
Brian, in his pajamas, is engaged in reading in the house in the morning.
I had breakfast in pajamas.
At first he did not realize that he had won the speech contest.
At first, I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
How do you do, Mrs. Jones?
How do you do, Mrs. Allen? I'm pleased to meet you.
At first, I didn't like him.
At first, I took him for your brother.
I didn't like rock music at first, but it soon grew on me.
I prefer the former plan to the latter.
I was worried about my mistakes at first.
The king was pleased with him at first.
Never go across the street without looking for cars first.
When did you see them first?
A child who has first learned to talk will badger his parents with "whys" and "whats".
I got lost when I visited you for the first time.
You should be on your guard when doing business with strangers.
Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
Is this the right bus for Pacific Boulevard?
Stand the ladder against the wall.
Place the ladder against the wall.
Take care when you climb up the ladder.
Measles can be quite dangerous.
Can I borrow your scissors?
Get me the scissors, please.
The bazaar ended a great success.
Fill the bucket with water.
There's a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
Empty the water out of the bucket.
I'll get a bucket of water.
Bring me a bucket of water.
There is little water in the bucket.
The bucket is full of water.
Bacteria will not breed in alcohol.
The new drug will be tested in Vaxgen's laboratory.
Please put it on the scale.
Nobody but a fool would believe it.
It is neither more nor less than absurd.
Stop your nonsense!
Don't be a fool.
Stop making a fool of yourself. Everyone is laughing at you.
Don't talk nonsense!
Of all the silly ideas!
I'm ashamed because I acted foolishly.
Don't risk your neck over something foolish.
Don't be absurd.
Prepare five postcard sized pieces of cardboard.
Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox.
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
There are some flies on the wall.
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.
I caught sight of a fly escaping from the room.
The fly is on the ceiling.
Do you like powder-snow skiing?
He is allergic to house dust.
Will you have some more pie?
Yes, I know.
Yes, it hurts.
Will you have another slice of pie?
"Will you have another slice of pie?" "Yes, please."
Cut the pie into slices.
Byron left England, never to return.
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
The pilot landed the airplane in the field.
The pilot flew the airplane.
The pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed.
The pilot made a perfect three-point landing.
The pilot hinted that it might be a UFO.
The pilot described the scene in detail.
The pipe shop is across the street.
The gentleman with his pipe in his mouth is a famous reviewer.
Holmes is a great pipe man as well as a great detective.
Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
Something is stuck in the pipe.
I can't find my pipe.
You can hear the water dripping from the pipe.
She got a run in her stocking when she broke the heel of her shoe.
Would you like another helping of pie?
Acid fruits like pineapples and lemons are sour.
I'm looking for a part-time job.
Yes, I like it very much.
Here it is.
Here's a magazine for you to read in the plane.
Shut the door behind you.
Close the door after you.
Yes, that's the right answer.
The hijackers moved to the rear of the plane.
To prevent hijacks, all carry-on baggage is carefully inspected.
Can you set up the bike?
It can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles.
I love biking and hard rock concerts.
I got a motorbike cheap.
Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
We had better cancel the hike.
The hiking was called off because of the rain.
Bring a lunch for our day of hiking.
It is said that the Vikings preceded Columbus in discovering America.
Every time we go hiking, he falls behind.
Hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods.
The violinist waits for the signal to play.
Playing the violin requires much practice.
Who is the man playing the violin?
The sound of the violin is very sweet.
Biotechnology will bring about a revolution in agriculture.
The accident took place on the highway.
Yes. He had just come home when I called.
Yes. I was very surprised at the news.
Yes. We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
Yes, and here's a photo of the farm where we milked the cows.
Yes. He can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.
Yes, I spoke with the company president.
No, I'm not sleepy.
Yes, you must.
Here we are.
Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
Yes, we have been friends since our childhood.
"Are the taxis being used?" "Yes, they are."
Yes, I'm afraid so.
Yes, I can.
Yes, I am from Sapporo.
Okay, let's go.
Yes, she will.
Yes, I have seen one many times.
Sure. Right away.
Yes, Bob helped me.
Yes, he has already written it.
Yes, but it'll be difficult.
Yes, I do. I answered.
Yes, it has already started.
Yes, I am. Are you Mr Nakano?
Yes, I'm coming immediately.
Yes, I'm coming!
Here is your appointment card.
Here are your keys.
Yeah, I'm going to take tomorrow off.
Yes, two.
Here's $10.00.
Do you agree with Dr. Burns or Ms. Roland?
This guarantees me par.
Doctor Burns, what should doctors do when a patient's brain is badly damaged?
Is the harmonica a present from his father?
Now I have curly hair, because I had a perm.
Can I have a single to Birmingham?
Do you want your permanent natural?
A permanent is extra.
I'd like to make an appointment for a permanent.
Bourbon is made from corn.
Do you know a good specialty store dealing in herbs?
What was the score at halftime?
Just make sure that credit is given: "from The Herbs, by Leon Thomas, published by Herbal Life."
Barbara's success is beyond question.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
Bert doesn't go to high school, does he?
The heart-shaped pond is the pride of the royal couple.
Part-time workers play an important role in the development of the economy.
It looks like your hard disk is fragmented.
When the bartender totals the bill for a customer who is drunk and angry, he must be very careful to mind his P's and Q's.
Would you like to wait in the bar?
How did the party go?
We did a lot of singing and dancing at the party.
Party games bring a party to life.
When he got to the party, Sam made a bee line for the food.
I had to call off the party.
Let's get the party underway.
Why don't you have a party?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party?
The party was a marked success.
The party opened with his speech.
The party was such a great success.
We called the party a great success.
The party went off beautifully.
The party is over.
The party was, on the whole, successful.
The party ended with a speech by the host.
The party was a failure.
The party is to be held next Sunday.
The party went on for three hours.
The party ended up with a chorus.
The party was fun. You should have come, too.
The party was put off for a week.
The party was almost over.
A party is a good place to make friends with other people.
The party was a lot of fun.
The party is just beginning.
I feel in my bones that the party will be a great success.
The party ended up with great revelry.
The party broke up late.
When shall we have the party?
How did you like the party?
The party was over at nine.
The party was held on May 22.
The party lasted more than three hours.
Are the party preparations okay?
Each person's share of the expenses for the party is 4000 yen.
The date of the party is still up in the air.
At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
There was a lot of food left over from the party.
Will you help me prepare for the party?
My brother saw to all the arrangements for the party.
I'll see to the arrangements for the party.
He was still mumbling something about hospitals at the end of the party when he slipped on a piece of ice and broke his left leg.
I will leave everything about the party up to you.
Emma was much in evidence during the party.
Will we be in time for the beginning of the party?
I've mistakenly deleted the party information and registration you sent to me.
I'm very happy to hear about the party.
Are you coming to the party?
Come to the party, will you?
Whoever wants to come to my party may come.
We will welcome whoever wants to come to the party.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
He took a taxi so as not to be late for the party.
Have you determined whom you will invite to the party?
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
He was present at the party.
I haven't decided yet whether I will attend the party.
I would admire to attend the party.
I don't know whether to go to the party or not.
You should polish your shoes before you go to the party.
I would just as soon stay at home as go to the party.
Though I have decided to go to the party, I'm not looking forward to it.
Don't you want to go to the party?
You invited me to your party, but I can't make it this time.
Who was invited to the party?
I would like to come to your party.
What are you going to wear to the party?
There was food and drink in abundance at the party.
Which present shall I take to the party?
Only six people were present at the party.
There were more than fifty girls at the party.
Over 100 people were present at the party.
I would like to express to you my deepest gratitude for having been a guest at your party.
Can you come to the party?
Don't bring any money to the party; just bring yourself.
Everybody at the party was charmed with her grace.
We'll run into her at the party.
I'll see to it that you meet her at the party.
Please say hello to her if you see her at the party.
I met my old friends by the dozens.
The party puts everyone in high spirits.
Who will host the party?
I had a lot of fun at the party.
At the party there was food in abundance.
I hope you had a good time at the party.
What was served at the party?
Did you meet many interesting people at the party?
Everyone had a good time at the party.
All the children sat up and behaved themselves at the party.
Her behavior at the party was far from perfect.
I am dissatisfied with his manners at the party.
Please say hello to Nancy if you see her at the party.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
Love to party!
I just can't wait for the party.
By the time the party is over, the day will have broken.
I'm looking forward to the party.
I don't see any point in going if the party is almost over.
Hertz and Avis are head to head competitors in the car rental business.
Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
Is there a Percy in your class?
I took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters.
Let's take advantage of the bargain sale and save money.
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street?
If you see the day through with Mr Bark without losing your temper, I'll believe you.
Mrs. Parker greeted him with a smile.
I need it for the parking meter.
Mr Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
The child was hiding behind a big tree.
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
Take your time, or you may make some mistakes.
I wish I could live at a more relaxed pace, instead of having to watch the clock all the time.
She became the first woman to complete a two-way nonstop crossing of the channel in fifteen years.
The Normans conquered England in 1066.
Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.
The Normans' conquest of England had a great effect on the English language.
The situation has come to the point where we either sink or swim.
The Norwegian diplomat mediated the secret negotiations that produced the historic document.
In such countries as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in winter.
That concert wasn't rocking.
Nora looks up to her mother.
Turn the knob and open the door.
Words of abuse poured from his lips.
Please come thirsty.
An operation on his throat helped him recover from the pneumonia, but it left him without his voice.
My throat feels clogged up.
I'm thirsty. Can I have a glass of water?
Since I was thirsty, I drank water.
My throat feels dry.
My throat burns.
I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
I'm wheezing.
I'm dying of thirst.
I am thirsty. I would like to have a cup of coffee.
My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy.
Don't commit yourself.
You're in perky form, aren't you?
Don't come into my room without knocking.
He made for the door to answer the knock.
Don't burst into the room without knocking.
I'll call you up later.
I'll call you back later.
The Nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in Japan.
Dr. Yukawa, the Nobel prize winner, died in 1981.
It's my dream to win a Nobel Prize.
Mr Norton is pleasant to work with.
Could you let me see your notes?
Get out your notebooks and pens.
The notebook came loose.
Mrs. North is very proud of her children.
Irene Pepperberg, a researcher at Northwestern University, is discovering that a parrot can not only mimic people but also learn the meaning of words.
The mucus is thick.
I had a slight accident while trekking in Nepal.
What are you hiding? Come on, tell me. You can't keep it from me. That's creepy.
Hey, come on. Don't make a face.
The net economy is booming.
Is it possible to reproduce 70 copies of your report which appeared in the November issue of The Network and distribute them to our agents?
Ned held the flag erect.
Ned comes from the state of Utah.
Have you ever heard of Nessie?
The mouse ran and the cat ran after him.
A mouse is a timid creature.
Rats carry the plague.
Rats breed rapidly.
Rats leave a sinking ship.
The rat made a hole in the wall.
It was a mouse.
A rat ran across the road.
A bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
A mouse is running about in the room.
A mouse scurried out of the hole.
The mice ate some of the bread.
Rats have gnawed holes in the door.
A rat chewed a hole in the wall.
A mouse went for a walk on the table.
The screw, the lever, the wedge, the pulley, etc. are called simple machines.
The cat rubs its face against her.
Cats usually hate dogs.
The cat didn't move a muscle.
Cats can see in the dark.
The cat went through a gap in the fence.
Clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long.
Cats catch mice.
The cat listened to its steps.
Cats were domesticated by the Egyptians.
The cat's fur stood on end.
A cat got out from under the car.
The cat has just passed by beside me.
Put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over.
There is a cat.
A cat was sitting on the chair.
Hold still a moment while I fix your tie.
Could you show me that necktie?
Do I need a tie?
Your tie is crooked.
I left some scallions out on the veranda for too long and they dried out.
Oh please, believe me.
I feel it now.
I'm looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
Hey, you know what?
Don't go, dears.
Honey, will you go shopping for me?
Will you marry me?
My, you're looking green around the gills.
You know, you made me cry.
Come on, Bill.
May I bother you for a moment?
Oh, have a heart.
Let's dance, my darling.
Wet clothes adhere to the skin.
Wet clothes clung to her body.
My wet clothes clung to my body.
She wiped her wet hair with a towel.
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
Bring me a moist towel.
Water is dripping from the wet towel.
Clean the window with a damp cloth.
His wet coat was evidence that he had been outside.
Is there anyone there? Where am I?
My feet started sticking in the muddy street. I nearly fell down.
The muddy road has ruined my new shoes.
I lost my balance on the muddy road.
If we eat garlic with caution, we will gain benefits.
Garlic enhances the flavor of meals.
Garlic is used to improve the taste of food.
Garlic gives off a strong odor.
Carrots and turnips are edible roots.
Except for carrots, there is nothing he won't eat.
Chickens were looking for food.
The chicken laid an egg this morning.
Hastily acquired knowledge was not enough to solve the problem.
I was utterly soaked by the downpour.
They say we're going to get some showers.
We were caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
I was caught in a shower.
I was caught in a shower and was drenched to the skin.
The game was called off because it suddenly started raining.
A shower has laid the dust.
A gust of wind blew a shower of rain directly into my face.
Down came a shower of rain.
Suddenly, the rain fell.
Thank you for your kind assistance while I was in New York.
New York State is almost as large as Greece.
International Business Machines Corporation, based in Armonk, New York, is the world's largest computer firm.
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
How large is the population of New York City?
How many flights to New York do you offer a week?
How many flights to New York do you offer a day?
What time does the train for New York depart?
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
How far is it to New York?
Let's take a trip to New York.
Have you ever been to New York?
I'll look you up when I visit New York.
I'm dying to go to New York.
Is there a nonstop flight to New York?
I will fly to N.Y., or anywhere else.
New York is worth visiting.
New York is a big city.
New York is among the largest cities in the world.
New York is the busiest city in the world.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
New York is sometimes referred to as the melting pot of races.
New York is one of the cities that I previously thought that I wanted to visit.
New York is a huge city.
New York is accessible by train from Washington.
We call New York the Big Apple.
New York is called the Big Apple.
How do you like New York?
New York is the center of the stock exchange in America.
New York, where my father is staying on business, is a much more dangerous city than Tokyo.
New York is on the Hudson River.
Can you tell me what the zip code is for New York?
The streets of New York are very wide.
Winter in New York can be very cold.
New York weather is hot and humid in the summer.
The population of New York is smaller than that of Tokyo.
New York's Fifth Avenue is comparable to Ginza.
The glory of New York is its museums.
How's the weather in New York?
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
The stock market crash of October 1987 in New York is still vividly remembered.
If you visit New York, you've just got to come and see our house.
When I was in New York, I happened to meet my old friend.
Change trains at Chicago for New York.
We rented an apartment when we lived in New York.
New York bristles with towering buildings.
There are many Japanese restaurants in New York.
There are many commercial firms in New York.
There are a lot of tall buildings in New York.
Compared to New York, Tokyo is a much safer place.
In New York I lost my way.
Many would jump at the chance to live in New York.
What's going on in that area right now?
His business in New York was a great success.
The New York Times reviews her gallery all the time.
How far is it from New York to London?
The ship from New York will arrive before long.
It is a four-hour drive from New York to Boston.
Mr Newman often comes to Japan.
Direct flights between New York and Tokyo commenced recently.
Newton established the law of gravity.
Newton saw an apple fall off a tree.
Writing news stories is his job.
I was very surprised at the news.
It occurred to me that I should keep the news to myself.
He brought me a piece of information.
You will have heard the news, I think?
Here's some news for you.
We broadcast news on the hour.
The news was all about the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The news quickly spread.
According to the news report, the ruling coalition has secured 72 seats as of 5 p.m.
The news says that there was a big earthquake in Greece.
The news leaked out.
Newsweek had a big picture of the ex-movie star entering the police station.
The whole population of New Zealand is 3,410,000, and one seventh of it are the Maori people.
She will be relocated to New Zealand.
We stopped over in Los Angeles for two nights on the way to New Zealand.
New Zealand is a country of sheep and cows.
What's New Zealand like? Is it as sparsely populated as Australia?
I'm from Wellington, the capital of New Zealand.
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
I hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
They speak English in New Zealand.
She grinned her approval.
Doraemon often smiles.
You can save face with a happy smile.
Nickel is a hard, silver-white metal.
You despise Nick, don't you?
A nickel is a five-cent coin.
Nick complained to me about the high prices in Tokyo.
Nick looks down on anyone who comes from a rural area.
Nick didn't pass the exam, did he?
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
Nick owes me ten dollars.
Nick is by no means satisfied with the reward.
Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That's because he's been studying it for 5 years.
Nick hurried to catch the bus.
I must ask Nick his new address and telephone number when I see him.
When Nicole heard that her favorite singer had died, she burst into tears.
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
Miss Nicholas swam from Dover on the English side to France in 8 hours and 58 minutes, then turned around and returned to England.
"How can a man be born when he is old?" Nicodemus asked.
Nixon was caught lying because he bugged his own office.
Richard Nixon dropped from public attention.
Nixon tried to stonewall through Watergate by ignoring it, but it didn't work.
You must be careful when crossing a busy street.
I like busy places.
I can't get rid of my pimples.
Nikita Khrushchev was at the height of his powers.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn't come up to expectations.
No sound was to be heard.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
I just said so without thinking much about it. I didn't mean anything serious.
There are pros and cons to anything.
What a beautiful sunrise it is!
How beautiful a sunrise is!
What a beautiful garden!
How beautiful it is!
How sad a story this is!
She said, "How confident he looks!"
What a mean fellow!
Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
What a big dog that is!
What a lovely creature!
What a wonderful invention!
How wonderful this is!
What a heavy bag!
How considerate of you!
What a pity it is!
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
What should I say?
How it blows!
How beautifully she sings!
What fun!
I have no excuse.
What a gorgeous sunset! Let's hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it.
What a wonderful morning! I feel on top of the world.
What a wonderful machine!
What a splendid dinner!
I want to see him no matter what.
What a nice face she has!
We have to avoid the nuclear war by all means.
How kind of you!
What a beautiful flower!
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.
I managed to get out of the crowd.
I managed to get to the station on time.
What pretty flowers!
Believe it or not, it came in pack of gum.
I managed to finish the work.
He managed to run the machine.
You must try and come to the party.
You had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other.
I will finish this work somehow.
How delicious your dinner was!
What a piece of folly!
What an absurd idea!
For God's sake, tomorrow's left behind.
What a miser you are!
What a nice day it is!
This scenery is magnificent.
What a friend you are!
What a cheerful story!
Why do I have to do that?
How strange the weather is!
What pretty eyes you have!
What a beautiful view!
What a sad movie it was!
How smart!
What made him change his mind?
What a big eater!
What a big pumpkin!
What a big dog it is!
What a fast horse that is!
What a lovely day!
Your house is fantastic.
What a fine view!
What's the idea of throwing that stone?
What a small world!
What a small television set! Does it really work?
What a hot day it is!
How hot it is!
What a rude man!
What a gorgeous coat you're wearing!
What a tall tree it is!
What a stroke of luck!
How lucky we are!
What?
How foolish!
What narrow stairs!
How persistent you are!
How cold it is!
What a queer story!
What a pleasant journey we had!
How cute!
What a cute baby! Peek-a-boo!
Why am I the only one they complain of? They're just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat.
How unlucky I am!
What an unlucky boy I am!
People who are constantly copying others do it because they can't think for themselves.
You can't have your own way in everything.
You can eat whatever you like.
Please help yourself to whatever you like.
Go ahead and start with anything you like.
What vile behavior!
What a nice friend you are!
What a stupid boy he is!
What a fearful waste of money!
What a lot of books! Do they belong to the university library?
How stupid he is!
I'm sure you're thinking to yourself, 'Why is this guy making such a big deal of this?' But make no mistake. This is essential.
Why should you be so sad?
What a wonderful night!
What are you making all the fuss about?
What a lovely day it is!
What heavenly weather!
What an exciting game!
How wonderful!
What a wonderful family.
What a great concert it was!
What divine weather!
What a darling outfit!
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
What a haughty fellow he is!
What a beautiful sunset!
What a beautiful bird it is!
What a beautiful town!
What a beautiful picture!
What lovely puppies they are!
This dish is terrific.
This soup is exquisite.
What a good shot!
What a nasty man he is!
What a big talk.
It is essential to get at the heart of the matter, no matter what they are.
I don't know how, but I just picked it up naturally.
"Can you smell something burning?" "Oh, I went and burnt the toast."
Looks like I might have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
I've no idea what's happening.
I feel sort of dizzy and I feel like throwing up.
Somehow it's been a rough day.
Love your neighbors.
What do you want to talk to me about?
You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Both Nancy and Jane were absent from school.
Nancy is a capable nurse.
Nancy papered her room green.
Nancy has a hold on her husband.
Nancy put her elbows on her knees.
Nancy invited him to a party.
Nancy looks a fool but she's really very clever.
Nancy is more shy than reserved.
Nancy studied hard.
Nancy did some shopping on the way.
Nancy is getting off the train.
Nancy greeted me with a nod from across the street.
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
Nancy can't decide anything for herself.
Nancy has been on good terms with my sister for more than five years.
Nancy looks like my sister.
Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with.
Nancy was the first girl to come.
Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday.
Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
Does Nancy have to do her homework now?
Does Nancy want to have a dog?
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
Nancy never fails to write to me once a month.
Nancy couldn't move the desk herself.
Nancy didn't mind living abroad by herself.
Nancy likes music.
Nancy enjoys indoor games.
Nancy set out on a solo journey.
Nancy is from London.
Nancy was surprised that Bob won the first prize in the contest.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen is.
Nancy has a piano.
Nancy went to London as well as Paris.
Nancy is economical with her smiles.
Nancy has a very lively and sweet temperament.
Nancy looks so tired.
Nancy doesn't play tennis.
Nancy had never seen a giant panda before.
Nancy was to show up at the place, but she didn't make it.
Nancy told me about the fire.
Nancy is stressed out.
Nancy cannot have read this book.
Nancy knows better than to marry Jack.
Nancy is the tallest girl in her class.
Nancy is kind rather than gentle.
Nancy smiled happily.
Nancy cannot have told a lie.
Nancy comes from what we call the aristocracy.
Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
Nancy seems to lack sincerity.
Nancy and Jane had to go home at five-thirty.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
I know that Nancy likes music.
Not knowing that Nancy had left him, I put my foot in my mouth when I asked Paul how she was.
It is necessary that Nancy attend the meeting.
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
I'm kind of sick today.
Oooh sick! What is that stuff? It's all spongy.
I envy your lifestyle - living day-to-day like that.
That's a nice car you're driving.
It's true that she knows a lot about cooking, but she isn't a good cook.
She is no doubt pretty, but she isn't beautiful.
It is true she is young, but she is wise.
It is true that they talk a lot, but they say little.
It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
It is true he is rich, but he is a miser.
He is poor, to be sure, but he is happy.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
Indeed he is young, but he is well experienced for his age.
It is true he is young, but he has much good sense.
It is true that he is young, but he is clever.
It is true that he is young, but he is wise.
Indeed he is young, but he is prudent.
It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
It is true he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
It is true that he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
He was at the meeting, to be sure, but he was asleep.
He is a nice person, to be sure, but not very clever.
He may still be young, but he really is a reliable person.
Indeed he is still young, but he is very prudent.
It is true he is a learned man, but he lacks common sense.
It is true that Mochida did his best, but he wasn't careful enough.
I may indeed be wrong.
Your plan sounds good, but the bottom line is: will it bring us more business?
It is true that yours is a good idea, but I am afraid it will be hard to put into practice.
It is true the boy is mischievous, but he is kind at heart.
It's true that the project is a difficult task, but Mr Hara will be able to bring it off.
So this is New York.
Indeed this car is small, but it is powerful.
I see. And what can I do to help you with this?
Indeed. He is young, but smart for his age.
It may, indeed, be a mistake.
Well, you may be right.
I'd like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible.
I would appreciate a reply as soon as possible.
I would like the least expensive one.
May we ask you to remit in full settlement at your earliest convenience?
Could you speak as slowly as possible?
It's nice to drive on a smooth road.
Do you think I was born yesterday?
He is a foreigner, as is evident from his accent.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Osaka.
You must not idle away.
Success does not come from laziness.
He was scolded by his teacher for being lazy.
Napoleon was a man of authority.
Napoleon marched his armies into Russia.
Napoleon was exiled to St. Helena.
Napoleon was banished to Elba in 1814.
Napoleon called the English a nation of shopkeepers.
Napoleon's army has advanced to Moscow.
Napoleon's army lost the battle of Waterloo in 1815.
Napoleon's army now advanced and a great battle begins.
Napoleon's life was a great drama.
Had Napoleon been born in this century, what could he have done?
See Naples and then die.
Naples is a picturesque city.
What are some other nabemono?
What are nabemono like?
Don't let the pan boil dry.
The soup in the pot tasted very salty.
May I have a napkin, please?
Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
Clean your lips with the napkin.
There is a napkin missing.
What are you crunching on?
In doing anything, you must do your best.
Above all, you must work now.
Nothing will make up for his past mistakes.
I said nothing, and that made him angry.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well watch television.
Everything is ready.
Living as I do in a remote village, I seldom have visitors.
What are you smirking at? Did something good happen?
I'm still single.
You were just listening to the talk, without thinking.
Is there anything I can do to help?
Let's find something to sit on.
Do you have anything to say?
Would you care for something to drink?
For better or worse, she will have the operation tomorrow.
What's beside the desk?
Do you know any Greek myths?
Come what may, I won't stop making music.
Give me something nice to drink.
No, it's second hand.
Was Nazism peculiar to Germany?
How do you know me? Nathanael asked.
Why have the apes evolved more than other animals?
Why didn't you note down the points?
Why do you skip lunch every day?
Why do we have dreams?
Why should she have sent for him?
Why did she come home early?
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
Why is it that she looks so sad?
Why did she ask for our help?
What turned her against you?
Why are you so bitter against her?
I cannot account for her absence from school.
I have no idea why she got so angry.
Would you tell me why you have refused their offer?
Why does he look black?
Why did he come with her?
Why did he run away?
Why did he change his plans?
Why do you think he said so?
Why did he stop smoking?
Why is he here?
Why does he always run his son down?
I wonder why he is so angry.
Why do you dislike his way of speaking?
Why did you turn down his offer?
Why did you turn down his request for a pay rise?
Why are you so angry with him?
Why are you angry with him?
Why didn't you dance with him?
Why he got angry is quite clear.
I understand now why he didn't go to a university.
Why are you so sure of his success?
Why he killed himself is still a mystery.
I think the reason that he killed his wife is still a mystery.
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
Can you make out why he won't go with us?
Why he did it is beyond my comprehension.
Why did you come to Japan?
Why do I even care?
Why were you late?
Why do many people like John Lennon so much?
Why did you come early?
Why don't you put your best foot forward?
Why did you do such a foolish thing at the risk of your life?
Why do men behave like apes, and vice versa?
Why did you get lost in the woods?
Why did the newly married Japanese man say something bad about his wife?
Can you figure out why the boss is so unfriendly this week?
Why was I turned down for the job?
Why am I working hard?
Why have I done it?
Why do you think I told her about it?
Why did he quit his job?
Why do you have to work late?
Why is Mrs. Yamada popular in your school?
Why couldn't you sleep last night?
Why didn't you show up at the party last night?
What prevented you from coming yesterday?
Why are there no taxis at the station today?
Tell me why he was absent.
Why are you short with me?
Why were you absent from school yesterday?
What put it in your head to come here now?
Tell me why you have told on me to the teacher.
Why didn't you let me know you were in New York?
Why are you looking so sad?
Why did you get so angry?
Why are you being so secretive?
Why did you say such a thing to him?
Why do you blame me for what happened?
Why didn't you attend the class meeting?
I don't know why you don't like him.
It is difficult to understand why you want to go.
Do you know why the sky is blue?
What did you go to Kyoto for?
Why are you crying?
Why did you put off the printing of my book?
Why do you want to be a nurse?
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
How come you didn't say anything?
Why didn't you bring your wife to the party?
What do you study English for?
Why is it called "loon"?
Why did you quit?
I cannot make out why he isn't here yet.
Why leave me standing here?
Why don't you mend that fuse?
Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
Why did you open the box?
Why?
Because all his friends were poor, too.
Because she is a wonderful teacher.
Because he was a great musician.
Why? Because his family needed the money, that's why.
Because he invited me.
Because no man can speak my language.
Because I was a newspaper reporter.
Because I want to be a translator.
It's because I want to help sick people.
Because I studied for a long time yesterday.
Because I am a student of old language.
The reason is that I want to be an English teacher.
Because dogs are more faithful than cats.
Because it is an interesting and beautiful city?
Why? Because Terry Tate always replied promptly, that's why.
For nothing is so beautiful but that it betrays some defect on close inspection.
Because it is there.
Because it is politics that has caused this war, making the war our everyday reality.
If you want to know why, it's because I caused five car accidents this year.
For love is something you can't reject.
Why do you need to read such a book?
Why do you say that?
He asked me what I had been doing.
What made you so angry?
Why do so many people visit Kyoto?
Why are you panting so?
Why did you choose that particular subject?
Why is the politician trying to kill off the opinions of the majority?
Why didn't you look at the picture?
Why do you think that way?
Tell me why you want to go there.
What did you do that for?
Why are you in such a hurry?
Can you make out why John left so suddenly?
What has brought you here so early?
Why do I feel this way?
Why is this book loved by young people?
Why did you choose such a subject?
Why do you work here?
Why do you like coffee strong?
Why did I go wrong?
You should not have lent the money to such a person.
Why does the US government let people have guns?
Why do American parents praise their children?
Why do you study every day?
Why does that goose sit on her eggs?
Why do you study English every day?
Why do you study?
Why did you get so angry at his mistake?
Why did you go to his house?
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
Why did you go to Tokyo?
Why are you so insubordinate to your boss?
Why didn't you believe me?
Why should you suspect me?
Why are you so tired today?
Why do you want to be a doctor?
Why do you study so hard?
Why did you get up so early?
What are you punishing them for?
I have no idea why you want to part with that.
Why is autumn called "fall" in America?
Why not talk to her about it directly?
Why were you late this morning?
Why are you visiting the United Kingdom?
Science begins when you ask why and how.
Why are your eyes so big?
Why are your ears so big?
Why is your mouth so big?
If a thing is worth doing it is worth doing badly.
There still remains much to be done.
You can't equate nationalism with fascism.
Nashi are tinned in this factory.
A promise made is a debt unpaid.
Nazareth! Can anything good come from there?
Will you go for lost balls?
He took away what little money I had.
The late Mr Smith was a doctor.
We must make up for lost time.
Some people are difficult to please.
We speak the same language, don't we?
That sounds like a fairly good proposal.
Bright ideas never occur to me.
Well, I loved it.
You have a point there.
I couldn't get to sleep.
It sounds pretty good.
It's pretty good.
He is very much of a scholar.
He fills the bill.
That sounds really interesting.
My sister has difficulty qualifying for a credit card.
Can you get it repaired?
Naomi is learning English with a view to going abroad.
Naoko wrote this letter last night.
Naoki is as old as Kaori.
An empty bag can't stand upright.
Ninety-nine always makes me laugh.
No river in the world is longer than the Nile.
Nylon stockings often run.
The Nile is longer than any other river in the world.
The Nile is the longest river in the world.
Please lend me your knife.
Will you lend me your knife?
Would you lend me your knife?
Taking out a knife, he tried to open the can.
After using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
May I borrow your knife?
Put that knife down. You're making me nervous.
The fingerprints on the knife attest to her guilt.
You should be careful with a knife.
Put the knives and forks back in the cupboard.
There is a rule concerning the use of knives and forks.
It can be used as a knife.
It is bad manners to eat with a knife.
Cut them with a knife.
Cut it with a knife.
Cut the cake with a knife.
My knife has lost its edge.
Please cut the cake with a knife.
There is a knife missing.
NYNEX, is this an emergency?
I don't think so.
At one time Nigeria was a British colony.
What's this chair doing here?
Me? I'm a plain old salaryman.
Hey, Tom, forget about your worries.
Oh, the driver is a maniac.
Mrs. Thompson wants to conceal the fact that she is a millionaire.
Mr Thompson has been very busy today.
Mr Thompson had lived in Tokyo for two years before he went back to Scotland.
How easy would it be to bore a tunnel through it?
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
You should not inflict any injury on others on any account.
Don't yield to any temptation.
What factor contributed to the reaction?
No medicine can cure this disease.
For what purpose did you break into the house?
Whatever book you read, read it carefully.
Any book will do.
You can buy and read any kind of book at any time.
Do you know which book sells well now?
However you do it, the result will be the same.
Not knowing what answer to make, I kept silent.
It's an ill wind that blows no good.
What sort of thing must I pay tax on?
Every actor has cold feet just before the beginning of a show.
There nothing so difficult but it becomes easy by practice.
It is a long lane that has no turning.
How's the weather?
The longest night will have an end.
We must select a suitable person for any post.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
I wouldn't sell that at any price.
Even the greatest scholar can't solve that.
Even a large sum of money cannot take the place of a man's life.
The choice of presents makes no difference to us.
Any student can answer that question.
Any student can solve this problem.
Every man has his price.
Every dog has his day.
Anyone can do that.
Anybody would be better than nobody.
That can diagnose anything, quicker and cheaper than a doctor.
What did you have to eat?
I can see the tiniest spot.
What symptoms do you have?
What evidence do you have?
Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
I had been at a loss as to what career to decide on, but your advice has helped me to see the light regarding my future.
The smallest child knows such a simple thing.
Where can you get a part-time job?
Anybody can do that.
What religion do you believe in?
What places do you enjoy?
What sort of information do you get on the Internet?
What sort of flower do you like?
What kind of wine do you recommend?
What sort of fruit do you like best?
What kind of sport do you like?
What kinds of beers do you have?
What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
I'll win no matter what it takes.
What sort of curtains do you think would go with the carpet?
Please feel free to ask me any question.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Please don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
Since I don't know what questions I'll be asked, I'll have to wing it at my presentation.
What kind of treatment will I get?
On no account should you reveal the secret.
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
Under no circumstances should you repeat this to anyone.
Why do you want stamps?
You can talk about anything under the sun.
Why do you need change?
Why do you need quarters?
Do not change your mind, whatever happens.
No matter what may come, I will do my duty.
Come what may, you should go your own way.
Come what may, I am ready.
You should work hard so that you can pass any exam you take.
Any paper will do.
Every child needs someone to look up to and copy.
What thought do you think had the greatest influence on the English in the Middle Ages?
Any child can do that.
Any child could do that.
Any child knows it.
Any child can enjoy the story.
Any boy who should do that would be sneered.
Any child can answer that.
What kind of work will you do?
Any task may become painful.
What sort of work do you do?
What magazines do you subscribe to?
Any magazine will do.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
Whatever language you study, it takes time.
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
No words availed to persuade him.
Whatever language you study, you cannot do without a dictionary.
Whatever excuses he may make, I cannot forgive him.
Every dog is entitled to one bite.
No matter what results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
Whatever the outcome, you must meet the challenge.
Whatever results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
He wanted to do it, whatever the consequences.
In any industry a reputation can make or break people.
We will keep the peace at all costs.
He was determined to finish the work at any cost.
I must help her at any cost.
I will accomplish it at all costs.
There are exceptions to every rule.
What's your impression, doctor?
There is a skeleton in every closet.
Any house is better than none.
No musician would have thought of playing that music at the funeral.
What kind of movie is it? Is it popular?
There was no doctor who could cure her illness.
All doctors say something to please their patients.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
What kind of wine do you have?
There is a time for everything.
I just do not like any kind of sports.
Any bed is better than no bed.
How did you come to love her?
How did such a strange thing come about?
No matter how hard I practiced, I wasn't able to do the backstroke.
Any translation, however good, will clearly fall short of the original.
Even the most graceful and imposing existing buildings may now be so sadly diminished as to seem slightly ridiculous beside the monster.
No matter how late you may stay up, get up by seven in the morning.
Brush your teeth, however sleepy you are.
No matter how busy you are, I think you should at least read a newspaper.
However busy you may be, you must do your homework.
However hard one may work, one cannot master a foreign language in a year or two.
No matter how rich he may be, he is never contented.
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
However tired you may be, you must finish that work today.
However tired I may be, I must work.
However tired you may be, you must do it.
I can't praise him enough.
No man is so old he cannot learn.
Even the cleverest man sometimes makes mistakes.
Try as they may, they will never succeed.
Despite all my efforts, I will not have the report ready by Friday.
No matter how hard he tried, he could not get out of the maze.
Even the longest day will have an end.
The longest day must have an end.
However late you may be, be sure to wake me.
Look as I might, nowhere could I find my lost watch.
No matter how fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
However fast you may try to run, you will never beat a motorbike.
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
However fast you run, you won't be in time.
Flee never so fast you cannot flee your fortune.
No matter how fast you ran, you cannot win.
No matter how humble it is, there's no place like home.
However humble it is, there is no place like home.
Be it ever so humble, home is home.
Accidents will happen in the best-regulated families.
Every little bit helps.
However small it may be, I want a house of my own.
I'd rather have a room of my own, however small it may be.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the work.
No amount of wealth can satisfy a covetous man. All the treasure in the world won't make him happy.
No matter how hard you try, the result will be the same.
I will get that classic car at all costs.
I'll buy that old clock, however expensive it is.
You cannot be too careful of your health.
However hard it may rain, we will start tomorrow.
However hungry you are, you must eat slowly.
No matter how rich a man is, he cannot buy love.
No matter how rich, one should not live an idle life.
Be a man ever so rich, he should be diligent.
You can't be too diligent.
You cannot be too diligent.
No matter how fast you drive, you will not get there on time.
I have to attain my purpose at all costs.
However cold it may be, he still jogs 20 kilometers every day.
No matter how cold it was, he never wore an overcoat.
No matter how hard you may study, you cannot master English in a year or two.
No matter how hard you may study English, you cannot master it in a year or so.
However hard I try, I can never catch up with him.
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
No matter how hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
However hard I tried, I could not solve the problem.
However hard you may try, you will not be able to do it.
It will cost thirty thousand yen at the lowest estimate.
No matter how often I put on my thinking cap, I am afraid my unpreparedness will dominate.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
The damages are estimated not to exceed a million yen at the worst.
I must start no matter how heavily it snows.
Even the smallest child knows that kind a thing.
No matter how much I eat, I never get fat.
Try as you may, you will never win first prize.
No matter how hard I tried.
No matter how rich one may be, one cannot live happily without health.
What kinds of tropical drinks do you have?
What kind of test is that?
Can you guess what type of restaurant it was?
What kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season.
What kind of sports do you do?
Sports always come naturally to him.
What sports do you like?
Any comments will be gratefully appreciated.
One must be careful in doing anything.
Nothing ever makes him angry.
Come what may, I shall never change my mind.
I will not do that for the life of me.
Everything was allowed: You could kick, trip, hit, or bite your opponent.
Why do you need it?
Stay calm whatever happens.
Whatever happens, he won't change his mind.
Do what you ought to, come what may.
I wouldn't go with you for anything.
Come what may, I will not break my word.
Come what may, the mail will get delivered.
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
I can on no condition forgive her.
Nothing would tempt me to deceive him.
He isn't going to be forgotten in any case.
Under no circumstances can we accept checks.
I wouldn't do it for the world.
In no case are you to leave your post.
I would not part with it for the whole world.
We must keep the children from danger at all costs.
I'll make you happy no matter what happens.
You must not take it on any account.
No matter what happens, I'll stand by you.
You must on no condition open the box.
I must take back the money at all costs.
You should on no condition touch these instruments.
On no account must you touch that switch.
Whatever game I play with you, you never win.
Whatever game he plays, he always wins.
What's your job?
What fruit do you want?
Study on and on!
Any input would be appreciated!
The richest man cannot buy true love.
They are all alike.
From acorns come oaks.
Would you please reserve a room near the Toronto international Airport?
The thief ran away.
The thief was bound hand and foot.
When the thief heard the dog bark, he took to his heels.
The thief got away with the money.
The burglar gained access to the house through a window.
The thief entered through a broken window.
They are muddy.
A thief crept in through the window.
Dorothy sent him a nice present.
Fishing trawlers have fished out all the local waters.
Dorothy isn't in the office.
How long does it take?
It was difficult for us to decide which one to buy.
Tell me which one to choose.
Whichever you take, you will like it.
The answers are all right.
How long have you been teaching English?
It is surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
Tell her which one to take.
Which are Taro's?
Take whatever cake you want.
You can pick out any book you like.
Choose any one book you like.
You may take any picture you like.
You may take whichever you like.
Take any two cards you like.
Wear what clothes you please.
Take whichever you like best.
Choose three books at random.
Take whichever flower you like.
I have no idea how long it will take.
Any amount of information will do.
Any amount of money will be welcome.
She always takes her time in choosing her dress.
The color ran when the dress was washed.
I'd like to send my dress to a dry cleaner.
The dress comes to my knees.
Please come dressed up.
Your dress is touching the wet paint.
Try how far you can jump.
How long can you hold your breath?
How long will we have to wait?
How often do you have your piano lessons?
What quantity of paper do you need?
How long will this rope hold?
How long will you stay with your aunt?
How soon can they be delivered?
How soon does the bus leave?
How long will this cold weather go on?
Which car is ours?
Which is your book?
The trailer goes with the car.
The trainer must think of her health.
Tracy possesses a house and a car.
Tracy had never used chopsticks before then.
Tracy, I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
Drake earns his living by working for the lawyer.
Tracy lost her glasses.
The cheap dollar is charging up exports.
The dollar was devalued against the Japanese currency from 360 yen to 308 yen.
The dollar dropped to 125 today from 126 yen yesterday.
You must convert dollars into the local currency.
The greenback lost ground against the yen.
What is the exchange rate for dollars now?
The value of the dollar has fallen recently.
The exchange rate for the yen against the dollar has risen.
Tolstoy achieved worldwide fame.
Do you charge separately for drinks?
I noticed, among other things, that he was drunk.
Especially remarkable was her oval face.
Above all, children need love.
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
Above all things, we must not be selfish.
Above all, beware of pickpockets.
I love this book above all.
Above all, logic requires precise definitions.
Among other things, he has an eye for good pictures.
Above all, scientific terms call for precise definitions.
Above all, be careful about what you eat and drink.
Above all, be kind to old people.
Doris is considerate of everybody's feelings.
I'll give you a temporary treatment.
Let's do this first of all.
I steered clear of sensitive topics.
Will you try to play the trumpet?
Let me tell you your fortune with cards.
Please shuffle the cards carefully.
It is fun to play cards.
What do you say to playing cards?
Playing cards is not in itself harmful.
Let's play cards.
Are you mad that you should stay up all night playing cards?
Playing cards is fun.
I hit on the terrific idea of cheating at cards by chance.
Playing cards is a popular pastime.
You must not gamble at cards.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
The invention of the transistor introduced a new era.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
Is your trunk locked?
Take steady aim at the tiger.
Someone stole my travelers checks.
Is this the right window for cashing travelers' checks?
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.
I lost my travelers checks.
Do you have any travelers' checks?
Do you take travelers' checks?
I have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash.
I'll pay with travelers' checks.
Avoiding trouble will not always assure safety.
There is a statue of Nelson in Trafalgar Square.
A tiger is bigger and stronger than a cat.
A tiger will attack people when it is hungry.
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.
A bear is a friendly beast compared to a tiger.
Which is stronger, a tiger or a lion?
The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
I am used to driving a truck.
The truck scraped along the wall in the narrow road.
The trucks had failed the inspection, but the drivers took them out anyway.
The truck made a sharp turn to the left.
The truck made a sharp turn to the right.
Three workers on board the truck were killed in the accident.
The truck bumped into a car.
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
The truck cut in front of my car.
A truck ran over our dog.
A truck hit the dog.
A truck came into contact with the bridge supports.
The truck bumped into our car.
We happened to see a truck run into the guard-rail.
Driving is a good holiday pastime.
How about going for a drive?
What do you say to going for a drive?
I go to a driving school.
Drivers must look out for children crossing the road.
Drivers should be aware of the traffic rules.
Every driver must follow the traffic rules.
Many drivers abandoned their cars in the snow.
Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut 1,000 positions this year.
What's the daily rate for a Toyota?
Tomoko almost started to cry.
We made up our mind to come in any case.
Come first, talk later.
In any case, it's wrong to break a promise.
It's a problem any way you look at it.
In any case, I'll have to go there tomorrow.
I'm glad to have passed at all.
Anyway, I don't like it.
Anyhow I will see him.
At all events we have done our best.
In any case, it's none of your business.
After all, he succeeded in passing the exam.
My wife is crying a river of tears because Queen Elizabeth II has passed away.
No one knows his address but Tom.
I count on Tom.
No one but Tom handed in the report.
Both Tom and Bill are playing tennis now.
Tom was also there.
Tom pulled a long face when he heard the story.
Tom hurt his left knee during practice, so John had to play the game in his place.
Tom has no manners.
Tom is a good cook.
Tom looks like a clever boy.
Tom was dismissed without notice.
Tom was late for dinner.
Tom often fails to keep his word.
Tom likes to play baseball.
Tom is in his element when he is playing baseball.
Tom kept talking all night.
Tom awoke to find himself in a strange room.
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.
Tom seems to be preparing for tomorrow's lessons.
Tom will go there tomorrow.
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
Tom is very kind.
Tom gets up at six every morning.
Tom laid the book aside and looked up.
Tom lost his cap, and he felt that he had to buy a new one.
Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him.
Tom goes to school on foot.
Tom does anything but study.
Tom has no wish to study.
Tom is not serious about his studies.
Tom likes to knit.
Tom suggested another plan to the committee.
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
It is said that Tom has a cold.
Tom was caught sneaking out of the room.
Tom acknowledges that he was defeated.
Tom never fails to send a birthday present to his father.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the cinema.
Tom usually goes to bed at ten-forty.
Tom was so careless as to leave his camera in the bus.
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.
Tom had no appetite because of his illness.
Tom has collected a great many butterflies.
Tom frowned.
Tom was tired and cross.
Tom saved her from the fire.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
Tom told her that he had written that poem two years before.
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
Tom knocked him down.
Tom recommended the novel to them.
Tom is liked by his friends.
Tom will be scolded by his father.
Tom is the tallest in his class.
Tom is as tall as any student in his class is.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
Tom is tall and likewise strong.
Tom worked the clay into a vase.
Tom married an older girl.
Tom did well considering his age.
Tom is in bed with a fever.
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
Tom received a heavy blow on the head.
Tom told us that he had a headache.
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
Tom is interested in mountaineering.
Tom has been talking on the phone for an hour.
Tom is an electrical engineer.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
Tom called to her across the street.
Tom walked across the street.
Tom was master of the situation in no time.
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Tom is ill at ease among strangers.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Tom is getting better.
Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Tom has grown in strength.
Tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
Tom can run fast.
Tom is head and shoulders above others.
Tom broke the window.
Tom broke the window pane.
Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom can swim no more than a stone can.
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Tom is more clever than honest.
Tom is a student.
As Tom is honest, I like him.
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
Tom is due to come at noon.
I believe Tom is right.
Tom is interested in mathematics.
Tom is behind everybody in mathematics.
Tom acted the part of a sailor.
Tom likes hot curry.
Tom, who is kind, will be glad to do anything for me.
Tom saw a play in the new theater.
Tom is able to swim well.
"Hello," said Tom, smiling.
Tom takes good care of the birds.
Tom is accustomed to calling up girls on the telephone.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
He gave Tom an important position.
Tom was given detention for talking during class.
Tom lost his job.
Tom is not able to drive a car.
Tom drove the car.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
Tom is fitted to become a businessman.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
Tom got a grip on his emotions.
Tom feels that his team will win the game.
Tom has always performed well in every job he has had.
Tom sometimes rips off his customers.
Tom lacks confidence in himself.
Tom threw his game.
Tom is going to do something about it.
Tom is taller than I.
Tom is older than I.
Tom is two years senior to me.
Tom held a seat for me.
Tom was mindful of my warning.
Tom helped me to move.
Tom sat two rows ahead of me.
Tom made me a birdcage.
Tom reminds me of a boy I used to know.
Tom showed me around the park.
Tom offered to lend me the money.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
Tom gave me a pen.
Tom didn't mention the accident to me.
Tom lives in the room above us.
Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
Tom is scrupulous in matters of business.
Tom has lived in New York since he was a child.
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
Tom hit a triple.
Tom should have gone to the dentist yesterday.
Tom didn't have dinner last night.
Tom wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
Tom watched TV yesterday.
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
Tom made a promise to come home early tonight.
Tom is in charge of this year's tennis tournament.
Tom is flush with money since he got paid today.
Tom need not go to school today.
Need Tom stay home today?
Does Tom have to write the letter today?
Tom ate vegetable soup this morning.
Tom should be here any minute.
Tom isn't watching TV now.
Tom is living with his uncle now.
Tom is now in the fifth year.
Tom is playing the violin now.
Tom keeps a black cat.
Tom is a high school student.
Tom puts too much sugar in his tea.
Tom is growing a mustache.
Tom put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
Tom went back to his hometown.
Tom has an eye for modern art.
Tom took heart and, sure enough, on New Year's Eve he was able to hobble along to a party.
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
Tom is the last person to break his promise.
Tom is by no means unintelligent. He is just lazy.
Tom is accurate at figures.
Tom can ski as well as his brother.
Tom knows better than to fight with you.
Tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
Tom is absent.
Tom slipped out of the classroom.
Tom showed his courage in the face of danger.
Tom worked like a madman.
Tom watched them hurry through the doors, a disagreeable expression on his face.
Tom escaped from the danger.
Tom changed color.
Tom looks pale. Is anything the matter with him?
Tom looks pale.
Tom met Mary on his way to school.
Tom is doing well in his lessons at school.
Tom hurt himself.
Tom was called down by his boss for coming late to work.
Tom is the tallest in his family.
Tom is in the house.
Tom took part in the summer festival.
Tom enjoys himself at everything he does.
Tom is three inches taller than his wife is.
Tom arrived late at the station.
Tom bought a weekly magazine at the station.
Tom can speak German as well as English.
Tom looked worried about the result of an English test.
Tom likes swimming.
Tom can't swim at all. On the other hand, he is a good baseball player.
Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.
Tom arrived last.
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
Tom worked hard only to fail the exam.
Tom has no friends to play with.
Tom persuaded her into going to the movies with him.
Tom is a good worker.
Tom has a bright career as a medical doctor.
Tom often goes fishing in the river.
Tom would often play jokes on the teacher.
Did Tom use to play hooky?
Tom walks slowly.
Tom is not an idle boy any longer.
Tom is thinking about applying for a better-paying job.
Tom's already here, but Bill hasn't come yet.
Poor Tom's been trying to get to sleep for three hours now.
Tom has been going with Jane for almost a year now.
Tom met Mary at a party, and it was love at first sight.
Tom couldn't make the grade with Mary; she refused him when he asked her for a date.
Tom loved Mary, who didn't love him at all.
Tom is still hospitalized.
Tom cut classes again.
Does Tom still rely on his parents?
Tom is not yet able to swim.
Tom dares not tell Mrs. White the truth.
Tom became good friends with the elevator operator in their hotel.
Tom is as tall as any boy in our class.
Tom says that he can read a French book.
Tom speaks more slowly than Bill.
Tom is captain of the football team and is on the baseball team as well.
Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
Tom is no more hardworking than Bill is.
Tom was sitting in the front of the bus.
Tom got a small portion of pie.
Tom went to the city by bus.
How fast Tom works!
Tom wants to be a pilot.
Does Tom like tomatoes?
How fast Tom speaks!
You can easily identify Tom because he is very tall.
Tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class.
Tom was too shy to take part in games with the other boys.
Tom runs very fast.
Tom swims very fast.
Where was Tom born?
Tom finally gave up smoking.
Tom was asked to appear on television.
Tom can't play tennis.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
Tom made some mistakes in the test.
Tom hid under the table.
Tom is something of a musician.
Tom doesn't like cheese.
Tom likes cheese.
Tom happened to let out the secret to his friends.
Tom came home just now.
Tom lost no time in parting with the money.
Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
It seems that Tom is unable to solve the problem.
Tom pretended not to know the answer.
Tom was sent on an errand to the store.
Tom was flying high after he heard the news.
Tom filled out the application form.
Tom stopped to take a close look at the car.
Tom was a witness to the accident.
Tom got angry at the children.
Tom is the proper boy for the job.
Tom applied for the job.
Tom got angry with the high school students.
Tom tried to climb the tall tree.
Tom showed interest in the plan.
Tom can imitate the singer to a hair.
It looks like Tom won the race.
Tom is eager for the apple.
Tom has been beating the drum for the project.
Tom tried climbing the tall tree.
Tom is lost in the game.
Tom saw something red there.
Tom speaks Spanish, and Betty speaks Spanish, too.
Tom got wet to the skin and caught cold.
Tom closed his speech with a beautiful song.
Tom intends to live in Japan for good.
Tom was all worn out.
Tom will be able to drive a car soon.
Tom will be able to swim soon.
Tom loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him.
Tom made Jill his secretary.
I have only half as many books as he.
Tom made Jill a new dress.
Tom is on good terms with John.
Tom always makes fun of John because of his dialect.
Tom came running with a letter from Judy.
Tom is heavier than Jack by ten pounds.
Tom is as tall as Jack.
Tom is eager to buy a new car.
Tom satisfied his hunger by eating some sandwiches.
Tom is keen on surfing.
Tom is going to apply for a job with a computer company.
Tom heard this and got angry.
Tom has always done well in every job he has had.
Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
Tom is a man of absolute sincerity.
Tom can do this work alone.
Tom likes tea better than coffee.
Tom is riding high these days.
Tom walked Kate home.
Tom is the most diligent student in class.
Tom works as hard as any boy in the class.
No other boy in the class is taller.
Tom is more hardworking than any other student in his class.
Tom is the most diligent student in his class.
Tom is first in his class.
Tom made a motion that the class should have a party.
Tom gambled away a fortune in one night.
Tom came home early yesterday.
Tom is taller than his mother.
Tom is as tall as his father.
Tom denied having stolen the money.
Tom works more diligently now.
Tom did it simply for the money.
Tom always finds fault with her.
Tom always leaves his bicycle dirty.
Tom is always watching television.
Tom is always playing video games.
Tom will become a good soccer player some day.
Tom is a good sort.
Tom suggested that Ann should sell the house.
Tom is not as old as you.
Tom can swim as fast as you.
Tom was the sort of man you could get along with.
Tom will have breakfast early tomorrow.
Tom lay on his back.
Tom has bought a house which has six rooms.
Tom was sitting silent for half an hour.
Tom has a house which has two rooms.
Tom is the taller of the two boys.
Two high school boys beat Tom black and blue.
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.
Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class.
Tom burned himself out as a baseball player.
Tom is lying ill in bed.
Tom was walking slowly with his head down.
Tom is more wise than clever.
Tom is the most handsome actor in the world.
Tom noticed a drunkard lying in the street.
Tom boasts of never having been defeated in a horse race.
Tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness.
Tom is a friend of mine.
Tom's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
Tom's way of speaking got on my nerves.
Tom's friends called him Mr Money Bags.
Tom's hope was to win first prize.
Tom's report leaves much to be desired.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
Tom's anger blazed out suddenly.
We will have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
We are giving Tom a birthday party.
Let's get up a party for Tom's birthday.
All but Tom were present.
The house Tom built is wonderful.
Tom's hobby is collecting photos of cars.
Where is Tom's classroom?
Tom's speech was excellent.
A good student like Tom brings honor to our class.
Let's give Tom a surprise welcome party.
Tom's grandmother looks healthy.
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
I had to run to catch up with Tom.
I got Tom to mend my shoes.
I might as well throw my money into the sea as lend it to Tom.
According to Tom, Jane got married last month.
Tom has many talents.
It is Tom's ambition to go to the moon.
Tom has a talent for modern painting.
Tom and I are friends.
The secret between Tom and me came to light.
Tom and I have nothing in common.
Tom and I are good friends.
If you go drinking with Tom, be prepared to listen to some pretty outlandish cock and bull stories.
Tom is engaged to Ruth.
Tom and Mike became acquainted through their mutual friends.
Tom and Frank are good friends.
Tom and Bill arrived at the conclusion independently of each other.
I am on speaking terms with Tom.
I advise you not to keep company with Tom.
Tom and Sue love each other.
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
Tom and Sue have known each other since 1985.
Tom and John are good friends.
Tom and Jim have been on bad terms for many years.
Tom is as tall as Jim.
Tom and Jane got married last month.
Tom and Jane quarreled, but they made up the next morning.
Will you go with Tom?
Have you ever heard of a poet by the name of Tom?
Aren't you Tom?
It's none other than Tom!
Tom's wife keeps him on such a short rope.
It's not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
I borrowed money not only from Tom, but from his wife, too.
Tom was singled out for praise.
Please give my best regards to Tom.
It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
Tom got first prize, didn't he?
Do not interfere with Tom while he is reading.
Don't interfere with Tom while he is reading.
I wish Tom were my younger brother.
There is little, if any, hope that Tom will win the election.
It was yesterday that Tom broke the window.
I heard Tom snoring during the class.
Can you envisage Tom's working in a garage?
Tom is the on-deck batter.
I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
It was a pity that Tom couldn't come to our party.
Tom found me a taxi.
Either Tom or I must go.
It was the window that Tom broke yesterday.
When Tom lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
Tom owes what he is today to his wife.
Tom is at the door. Please ask him in.
I've heard of Tom's marriage to a rich woman.
I'm going to talk to Tom when he returns home.
Never did I dream of hearing from Tom.
Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
Tom leads the soccer team.
When Tom told Chris he didn't like her scarf, she got rid of it.
Who will fill in for Tom when he is away?
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
What a good boy you are, Tom!
Tom Skeleton was shaking and trembling in every limb.
Mr Tom Jones has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work item.
"Sit down, Tom." "All right."
Stand up and read the book, Tom.
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
I'm going to have you read the letter to me, Tom.
You look after the children, Tom.
How nice to see you again, Tom.
Give me your passport, Tom. I'll keep it in my safe.
How are you, Tom?
Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
Tommy is a nice man.
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
Tommy, can you hear me?
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.
The tomato is subject to a number of diseases.
Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
Tomatoes are sold by the pound.
Miss Thomas teaches us history.
I'll have tomato and onion.
Thomas was named after his father.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
All the stories are interesting.
"Which line should I get in?" "Any line is fine."
There's a black sheep in every flock.
Every nation has its own myths.
No book is worth reading.
Where is the fat located?
Which beautician would you like?
They have all been through wind tests.
Whichever road you may take, it will lead to the station.
I hesitated about which road to take.
You should be prudent in deciding which way to go.
Whatever course you may take, you must do your best.
The climate affects people in every land.
But every train is so crowded that whatever we have in our hands doesn't fall even if we let it go.
The trains were jammed with commuters.
Which train takes us to Kamakura?
Which train are you catching?
I didn't know for certain which train to take.
How formal is this ceremony?
What train goes to the center of town?
How much do you believe him?
To what extent can he be trusted?
I have no idea to what extent I can trust them.
To what extent was the report true?
What subway goes to the center of town?
Ask whichever of the boys you see first.
Sales have dropped off at every big department store.
It matters very little what college you graduated from.
I had some difficulty making up my mind which colleges to apply to.
He will have determined which college he wants to go to.
I'm thinking about which college might be best for me.
Every teacher does their best.
Can you please tell me why there seem to be two churches in every village?
Any seat will do.
Every seat was full.
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
Each student has a locker.
Every student knows the school song.
Every pupil was asked one question.
Every student has to leave school by six.
Whichever way we choose will involve danger.
Any paper you read will tell the same story.
His courage was celebrated in all the newspapers.
A full description of him has been circulated in every newspaper.
Every boss has his or her favorite employee.
Every boy and girl knows him.
Each and every boy has gone to see the game.
Each boy has a bike.
Every boy and every girl was delighted.
Every girl knows that singer.
Every woman was shocked at the sight.
Each of the girls was dressed neatly.
Every girl cannot be a ballerina.
Which car is less crowded?
We all must abide by laws to live in any society.
We all abide by law to live in any society.
Can you recommend a good play?
Which dictionary did you refer to?
Which dictionary do you often use?
Where does it hurt?
Not all children like apples.
All children do not like apples.
No work can be done with ease.
Every child bowed to the teacher.
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
Every country has its own history.
Every country has its national flag.
Which dog is yours?
Which shoes are you going to put on?
Which airport do I leave from?
What subject are you poor at?
What subject are you good at?
Which subject do you like best?
There is an exception to every rule.
Every reporter sent his stories with the least possible delay.
What season do you like the best?
Every government office seems to have problems in expediting matters without entanglement in its red tape system.
Every student passed the driving test.
What school a person graduated from counts for nothing.
What fruit do you like the best?
Please advise me which subject I should choose.
I like English best of all subjects.
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
Which house did you live in?
Every house had a garden.
What lies are truth?
How soon will the meeting begin?
How do you want them?
He explained how the accident came about.
How can I get to the police station?
How shall we deal with this problem?
How did you get to know her?
How did you get to know about her?
How are you getting along?
How do you think I learned to speak English?
How did you come by an admission ticket for the auto show free of charge?
Can you tell me how to get to Hyde Park?
How did the car accident come about?
How do you happen to know Mr Slater?
How did you figure out this problem?
How did you arrive at this conclusion?
How did you come here?
How can you tell an Englishman from an American?
How do you want your hair cut?
What would you like to be called?
How are you getting along with your study?
How did you embody your idea?
What are the symptoms?
Please inform me what options are available to me.
Half the fun of giving and receiving presents at any party is to see and talk about what everyone else brought.
I would appreciate any information you can send to us.
What payment options are available?
You can always count on him in any emergency.
What sports do you go in for?
I don't know which button to push.
Which platform is it on?
Every bus is full.
Life has its sorrows, as every rose has its thorns.
Could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town?
She wondered which door to open.
Every team was defeated without exception.
Which is your favorite team?
Which team will win?
Which team is the most likely to win the championship?
What sport do you like best?
Which skirt do you like?
The debate over which consultant to use went on for hours.
Which concert did you choose to attend?
What gate do I board at?
What gate is my connection?
Which credit cards can I use?
How complex?
How long have you been abroad?
How long have you been ill?
How huge a deficit can the nation stand?
How long does this train stop there?
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
How long will you be staying?
How long have you waited?
How long will you be here?
How deep?
How high is it?
How long have you been waiting for me?
How big?
How much will it cost?
Nobody knows exactly how many races make up the population of the United States.
How long will it stop there?
How far is it from here to the city?
How long have you been learning English?
How long do you plan to stay?
How much of a discount can you give?
How soon can I get to Tokyo?
How long will it take to get well?
How soon will this laundry be ready?
How long has he lived there?
How soon can you have this dress ready?
How well can you play guitar?
Can you guess which cooler is the most efficient?
Every dog is alive.
Have some frozen lobster at any rate.
At any rate, I hope you can come.
Thank you just the same.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
Let's hope for the best anyway.
Anyway, she didn't get what she hoped for.
You must dry your clothes in any case.
He may be in Paris now, for all I know.
I was surprised at his success at all.
It's too late, anyhow.
Anyway, I gave it my best shot.
Let's get started anyway.
At any rate, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Anyhow let's begin.
We have to investigate the cause at any rate.
In any case, I won't change my mind.
Anyway, I'm getting more experience.
In any case you had better obey your parents.
At any rate, I did my duty.
Anyway, if it just stops raining, then we might be able to go out.
Eat and drink.
It's worth trying at all events.
Anyway, I'll take a chance.
Anyway, please come in.
At any rate, I will do my best.
I will try to solve the problem at any rate.
Just put those packages anywhere.
At any rate, the program was a success.
Have some lobster at any rate.
In any case, you have to study hard.
In any case, you must come here by ten.
In any event, I will do my best.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
At any rate, we have to finish this chapter before we can start on the next.
Anyhow, I'm relieved the test is over.
At any rate, I'll go to college after graduating from high school.
At any rate, I would like to thank you all.
Anyway, I disagree with your opinion.
Anyway, I'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
At any rate, you had better go there.
In any case, it's no business of yours.
In any case, you should come up to Tokyo.
Tony has a nice voice.
Does Tony study after dinner?
Tony studies after dinner.
Tony is playing.
Does Tony run every day?
Tony runs every day.
How long does Tony run every day?
Tony can run fast.
Who does Tony like?
Tony is a fast runner.
Tony lives in Kobe.
Tony speaks English well.
Tony speaks English better than I do.
Tony speaks English the best in our class.
Tony has lived in Kumamoto since last year.
How old is Tony?
What is Tony doing?
How well Tony can play tennis!
Tony can play tennis very well.
Tony is a very good tennis player.
Where is Tony playing?
Has Tony been watching TV?
Tony was not busy then.
Where was Tony playing then?
Is Tony there?
When does Tony study?
Though Tony is American, he can't speak English.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
Tony's voice is nice.
What does Tony do?
Tony can run fastest in our class.
Tony broke it.
I'm making about four times as much myself as when I first hired Tony.
Tony is a polite boy.
Tony saw green fields and small, quiet villages.
Tony was a good, strong boy.
Tony did not know their names.
Tony did not feel poor.
Tony heard her voice and stopped playing the piano.
Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.
Tony is a very tall boy.
Tony ate his meals in the kitchen and he slept in a little room at the top of the farmhouse.
Tony realized that if he hired another crew, got more customers and did the job quicker and sloppier, he could make more money.
Tony went to Boston for the purpose of carrying out an important business transaction.
Tom liked his job very much.
Tony looked down at his dirty old shoes.
Tony gave us a piece of helpful advice.
Tony was happy.
Tony thought about the factory and the shops.
What a tall boy Tony is!
What a good tennis player Tony is!
He lifted the board and looked at the keys.
Tony carved his name on a tree with a knife.
Where's Tony?
Tony stood at the door.
Tony took off his shirt and cleaned the piano with it.
Tony did not often hear music.
Tony could see a river and an old bridge.
Tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town.
Tony and his mother arrived at the farmhouse and walked through the farmyard.
Donald doesn't like people who speak ill of others.
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
Who do you want to speak to?
I wonder if you would kindly introduce us to someone.
Who teaches you English conversation?
Totoro makes friends with everyone.
I had no choice but to stay.
It was very exciting! I'd like to go again.
It was such a fine day that we decided to have a picnic.
We can never begin to finish this work by tomorrow.
People usually find it very difficult to break the ice when they meet someone extremely attractive for the first time.
Though very busy, she came to see me off.
I'm traveling on a tight schedule. I don't have the time.
He's very forgetful of things.
I was put to great inconvenience.
I saw some very beautiful scenes.
It's a beautiful country.
I am too tired to walk any more.
I cannot run because I am very tired.
I'm so tired that I don't feel like studying tonight.
I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
Being very tired, I fell asleep soon.
Being very tired, I went to bed early.
I'm too tired to walk any longer.
I'm very tired. I don't feel like taking a walk now.
It's heartbreaking.
You can't hope to catch up with him.
It was very difficult.
I feel very feverish.
There wasn't anything like enough light to read by.
It was such a nice day that the street was full of people.
It was such a nice day.
It was so nice a day that we went for a hike in the mountains.
It was such a nice day that we decided to have a picnic.
Though it was very late, he went on working.
It's nice and warm.
They are very big.
There are so many questions: Do I like myself?
Rebecca gets up exceedingly early every day.
It was a beautiful sight.
It's a very quiet room.
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
You've been very good to me.
You've been very helpful.
It's too hot for us to work.
It was hot. I couldn't stand it any longer.
It was so hot I took my coat off.
It was so hot that we went swimming.
It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest.
It was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream.
It was extremely hot, so I took my coat off.
It was such a hot night that I could not sleep till midnight.
It was such a hot day that we went swimming.
I dislike going through customs at the airport because it takes so long.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
The priceless china shattered into fragments.
You're not fit to be seen.
I'm fine, thanks. Oh, Laura, this is my friend, Ayako.
We had an intense competition.
It was raining good and hard.
Much to my surprise, the door opened noiselessly.
I feel like a brand new person.
I am greatly impressed.
I was moved.
I really appreciate what you've done.
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
It was very cold, and what was worse, it began to rain.
I didn't go out because it was very cold.
It was so cold that we made a fire.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
It being very cold, they stayed at home.
It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
It was so cold that I stayed at home all day.
It being very cold, we stayed at home.
It being awfully cold, the party were almost frozen to death.
Cold as it was, we went out.
Though it was very cold, I went out.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
It was such a cold day that we decided not to go out.
It's so cold that the river has frozen over.
I feel very cold.
It's so cold that we can skate.
I don't know the name of the birds that were singing such a merry song.
I was having a very good time, when the sad news came.
It was very pleasant. However, it would have been more pleasant if I had been able to speak English fluently.
I really enjoyed myself.
I had a wonderful time.
It was a very pleasant afternoon.
It was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk.
It was so dark.
It is too dark for me to read.
It was really cheap.
It's a very becoming dress.
This is anything but easy.
I am in a stew.
I cannot bring myself to help such a man.
A very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess.
I feel very chilly.
I can't possibly manage it.
It was so thrilling and real fun.
It is such a beautiful day that I'd like to go fishing in the river.
It was so lovely a day that I preferred to walk.
Just fancy!
That's a beautiful dress.
It was very beautiful.
I felt very awkward.
I'm so hungry that I could eat a horse.
I'm as hungry as a bear.
I was very hungry.
Being very rich, he thought he could do anything.
I'm very short of money.
It tastes very good.
It was an exciting game.
We had a very good time indeed.
It tastes very great.
You look very delighted.
It smelled really good.
It was so noisy that I couldn't make myself heard.
It's too sunny to stay inside.
A very bright idea came to my mind.
If it weren't for the climate, I'd like it here very much.
It's very good.
Pretty good. Did you go to today's history seminar?
I want to know about your country so much.
It is an impossible accident.
It's very hot, isn't it?
I have made a prize mistake.
The Doppler effect is also observed with light and with radiant energy in general.
The top engineer put the car through a series of rigorous tests.
The two leading firms are actually in cahoots with each other.
I want everything on it.
Whichever you choose, you will be satisfied.
Either way I don't like him.
Either way, it's not important.
Which way shall we go now?
I don't know which dress to choose; it's a toss up between the red one and the green one.
Either day would be all right with me.
Can you tell me which button to press?
Heads I win, tails you lose.
In any case, it's troublesome, isn't it?
Just the same!
Who's winning?
It doesn't matter.
Whichever wins, I'll be happy.
Which one will be our final resting place?
I don't know which is which.
All at once the lights went out.
The sky suddenly began to darken.
Already he was aware of it.
Who is this, please?
Beat it.
Who is calling, please?
Which he wants is not clear.
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Whichever you read, you will find it interesting.
It won't make any difference whichever you choose.
Whichever you choose, make sure it is a good one.
Whichever you may choose, it will do you a lot of good.
I am of two minds about which to choose.
It lies with you to decide which to choose.
It's entirely up to you which one you may choose.
Which do you recommend?
No matter which you make, you will be satisfied with it.
Please tell me which to take.
She is no more beautiful than her mother is.
I like neither of them.
I wonder which way to go.
Which way should I go?
Where would you like to go?
Where are you headed for?
I haven't read either book.
You may choose whichever book you want to read.
You can take either book.
You may choose whichever book you like.
Which book is better?
Which book is yours?
Which cap is yours?
I could not decide which way to choose.
We have not yet discussed which method is better.
Which one do you think is correct?
Is there a clock in either room?
Either day is OK.
Whichever highway you decide on, it will be crowded with cars and trucks.
Which highway leads to the football stadium?
You can take either road.
Whichever way you go, you can get to the station.
Either way will lead you to the station.
You can reach the park by either road.
Whichever way you take, it'll take you the same time.
You had better ask him which way to take.
No matter which road you follow, the drive to town won't take you more than twenty minutes.
Whichever way you may take, you can get to the station in about ten minutes.
We were quite at a loss which way to go.
Which way will you take?
Whichever way you may take, you can get to the station.
Do you know which way to take?
Which way goes to the city hall?
Which way is the nearest?
I wonder which way is the shortest.
Which side is batting?
We have given careful thought to both alternatives.
Which newspaper do you work for?
I don't know either boy.
I don't like either of the boys.
I didn't see either boy.
Which boy is Masao?
It is hard to say which car is nicer.
Which car is your father's?
I don't like either watch.
Which company do you work for?
Which prince is the legitimate heir to the throne?
Which plan do you believe is better?
Neither team played well in the game.
There is no knowing which team will win.
Which team is likely to win?
Which team will win the game?
Which team won the game?
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
You may take either of the glasses.
It's touch and go.
Which bag is yours?
Where are you staying?
Who do you work for?
You may choose whichever you want.
Could you tell me which way I should go?
You may choose whichever you like.
Eat whichever one you like.
Take whichever you like.
You can take whichever way you like.
You can take whichever road you like.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
Take the one you like best, whichever it is.
Take whichever you want.
Take whichever one you like.
Choose whichever you want.
You can choose whichever color you like.
We cannot tell which is better.
Say which one you would like.
It's a tossup as to who will win; both teams are about the same in quality.
Which side won?
I can't remember which is my racket.
Which is mine?
One of us will have to go.
Which shall I begin with?
I asked the teacher which was the better.
Tell me which you want.
I would rather go out.
Either of the students may fail the exam.
I would rather not go.
If anything, she isn't any better today.
He, if anything, is the romantic type.
If anything, my father seems happier than before.
If anything, my grandfather seems happier than before.
If anything, my new job is harder than my old one.
If anything, the economy in our country is going up.
I'd rather live in a wooden house.
He is, if anything, a little taller than I.
He is rather optimistic.
I would rather divorce him.
May I ask which you prefer?
One way is not better than the other.
Which is your guitar?
Which is your book, this one or that one?
Words failed me at the last minute.
The Dodgers went on winning with irresistible force.
The Dodgers were annihilated by the Giants.
The Dodgers and Giants, traditional rivals, arrived together.
Who does Toshio like?
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
Toshio can speak English very well.
Where will you visit?
No matter where you may travel, be sure to phone me once a week.
What place did you see?
What should I see?
It rains in some places.
There are isolated rain showers.
By the way, are you free this afternoon?
By the way, where does he live?
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?
Say, Mike. Tell me how to get to your house.
This case requires watching, by the way.
By the way, are you free tonight?
Well, what sports do you like?
By the way, where are you from?
By the way, do you have any spare batteries?
By the way, how many of you are keeping a diary?
By the way, what is the matter with him?
By the way, have you seen him lately?
By the way, have you heard from him lately?
By the way, do you play the violin?
By the way, where do you live?
By the way, what is your address?
By the way, what happened to the money I lent you?
By the way, would you like to come and see my mother?
By the way, how many kids are going?
By the way, what time will you go there?
By the way, how old are you?
Well, I think it's time the real story was told.
So, Betty, have you decided on your dream home yet?
By the way, I have something to tell you.
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
By the way, did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there?
By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
By the way, have you done your homework?
By the way, have you ever been to Europe?
By the way, what do you do?
Instead she merely looked surprised and - could it be - amused.
As it is, I can do nothing.
But the earth's magnetic field is very weak.
Don't cry. There's nothing wrong.
Everywhere seems to be crowded.
How far are you going?
How far are you going for a drive?
Where can I park?
Wherever you go, you'll find Japanese tourists.
Everywhere you go will find the same scenery.
Wherever he may go, he is sure to make friends.
Wherever you go, you will meet people who are kind and generous.
No matter where you go, you will find no place like home.
Wherever you may go, you'll be welcomed.
Guess where I've been.
I don't know where to go.
Tell him where he should go.
Please tell me where to go.
No matter where you may go, you may find the same thing.
Wherever you may go, you will not find a better place than your home.
Even if you go away, I'll still passionately love you.
Wherever you may go, you may find examples of his evil doings.
Wherever you go, you will find the same kind of people.
Where can I obtain a map of Europe?
Where can I cash this personal check?
I take my camera wherever I go.
Where to go and what to see were my primary concerns.
Where do you want to go?
You can go anywhere you like.
Every hospital has a back-up electric generator in case of blackout.
What seats do you want?
What papers do you take?
It matters little where he is from.
As children are known to emulate the values of adults, it is often pointed out such "education mamas" instill a warped sense of values in their children.
Information is given in English at every airport.
What school do you go to?
Which doctor is attending you?
There's a long line at every cash register.
Where can I get in touch with you?
You know where the problem lies.
Please tell me where to park my car.
Where are you planning to stay?
She advised me where to stay.
Where will you be staying?
The travel agent will advise you where to stay.
I asked him where he lived.
Please tell me where you will live.
Where should I sit?
There is an air of resignation everywhere.
Where can I get some help?
Do you know where I might find small cowboy boots?
I have to take a bus to go anywhere.
Where will we eat?
You know where everything is.
When we discussed where to go on a picnic, some wanted to go to the forest, others wanted to go to the sea.
I'm just another man.
I have no idea where I left my keys.
Let's hash it all out.
Where would I find books?
Where can we exchange yen into dollars?
Where can I get on the airplane?
Where did you get to know her?
Where did you get your hair cut?
Where do you work?
Where do I get the subway?
Do you know where you should get on the subway?
Where should we meet?
Will you tell me where to buy the ticket?
Can you tell me where to buy tickets?
Where should I pick the tickets up?
Where can I get stamps?
Will you tell me where to change trains?
Where should I transfer?
Where do I have to change trains?
The question is where to stop the car.
Where did you have your picture taken?
Where do you think I met her?
Where can I try this on?
Where do I pay for the gas?
Where did you miss your umbrella?
Where shall I drop you?
Where would I find shoes?
We haven't decided where to take a rest.
Where do you intend to spend your vacation?
Tell me where the meeting will be held.
Where can I get my money exchanged?
Where shall we meet?
Where can I pick up my baggage?
Where do I claim my bags?
Where can I exchange yen for dollars?
You may go wherever you like.
You can sit at any place that you like.
Put it wherever there is room.
Wherever you say.
Not knowing where to get off the bus, I asked the driver.
I didn't know where to get the bus.
Where do I get the bus?
Where can dollars be exchanged for pounds?
Where can I exchange my dollars for pounds?
Where did you get the idea?
Where can I get a taxi?
Where did you find it, at school or at home?
Where did you get it?
Where did you have the suit made?
Where did you find that doll?
Where did you procure the information?
Where did you find the key?
Where did you have your suit made?
Where did you get your camera repaired?
Where is it possible for you to see me?
It's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
Where shall I wait for you?
Where would I find T-shirts?
Please tell me where to take bus No. 7.
Where would I find CDs?
Where? I'd like to take one, too.
I want to go somewhere on a trip.
Where's convenient for you?
Before we go anywhere, we should exchange some money.
Is something wrong with you?
Is something not well with you?
Something must be wrong with the machinery.
Will you tell me where I am wrong?
What ails you?
What's wrong with me?
Where did you come from?
The doctor was not sure what the trouble was.
Where does it leave from?
Where did you get on this bus?
I wonder who started that rumor.
They could hear the elegant, flowing sound of a harp coming from somewhere.
It seems to me that something is wrong.
If you go anywhere, you had better tell your mother first.
Would you like to go have a drink?
It's five o'clock somewhere now.
Some wise guy left the milk out of the refrigerator all night.
Is there a telephone anywhere?
Are you going anywhere?
In this town, if anywhere, you will find old Japan at her best.
Where can I get hold of a good tax lawyer?
That rings a bell.
I remember seeing her somewhere.
We have to draw a line somewhere.
I must have made a mistake somewhere.
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
I had my money stolen somewhere.
I think I've met you before.
I remember seeing you somewhere.
I remember meeting you somewhere.
Let's have a tea break somewhere around there.
I could tell at a glance that something was wrong.
There must be something wrong with the engine.
Do you know a good place to have lunch?
Every rose has its thorn.
Let's study a specific example.
By the way, have you seen anything of Carter lately?
Mingle your joys sometimes with your earnest occupation.
Sometimes the game lasted all day.
Sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years.
I sometimes have abnormal vaginal bleeding.
Keep in touch with me.
Once in a while, she is late for school.
Every now and then they went shopping together.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
Do you hear from your son from time to time?
Let me hear from you now and again, will you?
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
Sometimes I doubt your intelligence.
People sometimes compare death to sleep.
Please write to me from time to time.
Oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution.
Drop in now and again.
Sometimes I run out of money.
Every now and then, I play tennis for recreation.
Now and then, we go to London on business.
Sometimes when it's very cold, I can't get my car to start.
From time to time, a proposal to pull down a much-loved old building to make room for a new block of flats, raises a storm of angry protest.
Sometimes the boys would play a joke on the teacher.
I hear from him once in a while.
From time to time she stopped and looked round.
From time to time, he goes to the library to get new information about books.
Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings.
Degas was born more than 150 years ago.
A new year began meanwhile.
It should be noted that Dole did not intend to change the configuration of the communication protocol.
Not a soul was to be seen in the street.
Mr Thomas is a very able teacher.
Mr Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
Mr. Thomas had no objection to Mr. White being elected chairman.
Thomas hurried away so as to be in time for the train.
Thomas could not carry out his task on account of an accident.
Let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament.
Totem poles consist of a group of figures that represent animals, birds, fish, mythological beings and supernatural beasts.
These poles, called totem poles, are thought to have been worshipped or constructed for frightening enemies.
I've burnt the toast.
The toast has burned black.
It's as hot as toast.
I'd like two slices of toast and a cup of tea.
I had to fix the toaster.
Give me five tokens, please.
Dorgan didn't know how to spell dachshund.
What do you make of it?
Can you come?
A fierce dog attacked the girl.
There's no way I can make it up to you.
No matter what the excuse, he is to be blamed.
How shall I put it?
How is it going?
Every means has failed.
Even with a generous estimate, there were at most only 2,000 people.
This is hardly the time to start a new enterprise.
Now, what do you think?
On what account?
To all appearances, she is healthy.
To all appearances, they are a happy couple.
To all appearance, they don't study hard.
To all appearances, their actions haven't borne fruit.
To all appearance his statement was true.
Please let me know how you are going to solve.
What's the difference?
How do you go to school?
Tell me how you solved the problem.
I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
I seem to have caught a cold.
He seems to know all about her past.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
I seem to have left my umbrella behind in the train.
It looks like it's going to be sunny.
I'm afraid I've eaten too much.
There appears to be a misunderstanding.
It looks as if you're right.
I seem to have caught a bad cold.
It seems that he was late for the meeting yesterday.
I almost think you're right.
Apparently that shabby flat is vacant.
How did the secret get out?
How can you break the news to her?
How did he come here?
How will they get through the cold winter in that tent?
How do you make a box?
How does he gain his living?
How can I pick out fresh fish?
How did you get them?
How can we put it into practice?
How can we kill time?
How are you going to carry it out?
How did you find my house?
Can you give me the recipe?
How did you make it?
The question of how to establish the optimal formula is still open.
How can you justify your rude behavior?
How did you come to school?
How do you plan to get home?
How are you going to get home?
Nothing would persuade him.
How do I open the hood?
How did you come by such a large sum of money?
I can't remember how to go there.
How do you figure out this problem?
How can I make the deadline for this document?
How did you obtain this painting?
How can I meet this quota?
Could you show me how to use this pump?
How did you pull off that agreement?
How can three men divide $5? I'll give each of them only $1, and I'll keep $2.
How can I get rid of him?
I'm afraid I caught a cold.
I'm afraid she will fail.
It sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter.
I can't figure out what he means.
I seem to have a temperature.
I seem to have a fever.
It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
I think I have a decayed tooth.
It's not my cup of tea.
I just don't feel satisfied.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
I'm afraid I didn't explain it too well.
Somehow I cannot settle down to work.
Oh, I don't know if I agree with you.
I don't get it.
There seems to be no need to go.
I think I'd better stay here.
I get the feeling you still have an axe to grind. If you've got something to say come on out and say it.
I am not feeling quite up to par.
I'm afraid it will rain.
Corn is an important crop in the United States.
Something is wrong with this word processor.
That's very kind of you.
It seems that something is wrong with the computer.
That is a fine excuse.
I feel that I don't really belong here.
Hi, I'm Taro Kawaguchi.
Something seems to be wrong with my stomach.
I'm just looking, thank you.
I'm not too clear about that point.
Thanks. Could I return it to you instead?
This will do for the time being.
We gained access to the house through the window.
I managed to make the teacher understand my idea.
I managed to finish the book.
Can you possibly help me?
I need to get there soon by any means.
I can play the piano after a fashion.
At last, she hit on a good idea.
After all she did not come.
At last she got a job as a stewardess.
Finally the children saw a little orchard in the middle of the mountain with apple trees growing inside it.
Finally they gave in to their enemy.
At last, he gained his end.
At last he unfolded his plans for their future.
He was put to death finally.
At last he could finish the work.
At last he appeared.
It seems that the rainy season is over at last.
We have been completely cornered.
At last, the truth was revealed to us.
I have finally finished my homework; now I can go to bed.
At length, we reached the top of the mountain.
At last, we succeeded in solving the question.
At length, my wish was realized.
Finally, my sister got engaged.
Finally, my sister got married.
At last we can afford a house.
We finally got rid of our old car.
At last, we reached California.
At last, the day has arrived for us to act.
Summer seems to have come at last.
At last the rats came to the river.
At last, the baby fell asleep.
Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
At long last, you will get married in June.
It seems to have worn out.
At last a good idea struck me.
In the end, because of the disease, he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around.
Finally, she chose another kitten.
I can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
Sing the song once more, please.
You'll have to do it, whether you like it or not.
Go ahead with your story.
Please give us some examples.
Please tell me the truth.
Please take off your hat.
Please keep it secret.
Please ring him up.
Please make way for him.
Please knock before you come in.
Would you please tell me the way?
May you live long!
Let me pass, please.
Please drive carefully.
Pass down the car, please.
Please step inside.
Please come in and make yourself at home.
You will please open the window.
Please take good care of yourself.
Please give me your answer by return.
Please keep quiet.
Please sit at the table.
Please go on with your dinner.
Please have the maid carry it to my room.
Please help me with my homework.
Please help yourself to some cake.
Please share my umbrella.
I want to speak to Mr. Sato, please.
"Sit down, please," he said.
Please give my best regards to your parents.
Stand back, please.
Please come to my house in the afternoon.
Please don't stand on ceremony.
Please be careful of your health.
Give me your opinion, please.
Please bring your plan up at the meeting.
Please give your mother my best regards.
You must forgive me.
Please do it quickly.
Please make yourselves at home, and help yourselves to drinks.
Please keep the fire burning.
Please warm yourself at the fire.
Please feel free to call me up.
Please feel free to make a suggestion.
Please feel free to ask questions.
Please feel free to make suggestions.
Please have some cookies.
Please come in one by one.
Please tell me the way to the XYZ store.
Please have a try.
Please come and see me again.
Please use your headsets.
Pass me the butter, will you please.
By all means.
Open the door, please.
Close the door, please.
Please turn on the television.
Please turn it on.
Please see that the job is finished.
Please be careful not to let the dog loose.
Please put me through to Mr Smith.
Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen.
Please tell me your address.
Please help yourself.
Help yourself, please.
Be my guest.
Please put this into English.
Please stay as long as you wish.
Take this seat, please.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
Please have a seat here.
Go ahead.
Please write down your name, address, and phone number here.
Go ahead. Your party is on the line.
Please drop in on us.
Please take care of yourself.
Please enter now.
Do me the favor of coming.
Please don't bother.
Please make yourself comfortable.
Make yourself comfortable.
Please help yourself to the cakes.
Please don't get up.
Please make yourself at home, and help yourself to some coffee.
Please have a second helping.
Sit down, please.
Please have a seat.
Please tell me about your trip.
Please do as it seems best to you.
Please go up to the third floor.
I appreciate your request to reproduce 70 copies of my report.
Please, tell me.
Please get a lot of pencils.
Have another glass of beer, please.
Please remain seated.
Yes, please do.
Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
Please write down your name here.
Will you step this way, please?
Please help yourself to the cookies.
Go ahead!
I wish you every happiness.
Help yourself to the cake, please.
Please take a seat.
The essence of Japanese culture could never be appreciated by them.
I daresay you are going to go no matter what.
At any rate, if you learn English, study it thoroughly.
If you learn English at all, learn it thoroughly.
If you do it at all, try to do it well.
As he's just up on his high horse again.
You're only foolin' round.
How can I get to heaven?
How can we abolish war?
How can I make a long-distance call?
How can I reach you?
I am at a loss what to do.
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.
How can I succeed in getting a date with Nancy?
What are you going to do about it?
In making a decision, I rely not on logic but on instinct.
It can't be helped.
I can't start up my computer. What am I supposed to do?
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for help.
How is it she does not come?
How come she hung up on you?
What made her so angry?
How did she get mixed up with such unpleasant people?
How did you get acquainted with her?
I don't understand why she is opposed to my opinion.
Will you tell me why you like her?
I can't figure out why she didn't come.
How did you get to know him?
Why did they turn down your proposal?
Why did they come to believe in such a religion?
How can we dispel their doubts and fears?
What prevented him from coming?
What makes him hated?
Why should he think that he knows better than I do?
Why is he looking at me as though he knows me?
I wonder what has made him change his mind.
How come he hates Molly?
What had kept him from coming to the party?
Why might he have done that, I wonder?
Why is he angry about something like that?
What made him so angry then, I wonder?
How did they come by all that wealth?
Why are you so hard on him?
I can't figure out why he didn't tell the truth.
You are mistaken as to what makes him so nervous.
I cannot figure out why he has done that.
Why are you drying your hair?
Why don't you come in?
Why did you fail in the entrance examination?
And why do you think that is?
Why has Japan let pollution get so bad?
I wondered why people were staring at me.
Why can Taro speak English so well?
I wonder why nobody told me.
Why did you run away?
Why don't you try to behave like a gentleman?
Why has the birthrate declined so sharply?
Why not apologize and ask for his pardon?
Why did you leave out the first question in the exam?
How come you aren't taking me?
Why are you holding my hands?
What made you think that my favorite color was green?
Why have you bought the same camera as I have?
Why ask me? Wouldn't it be better to do it yourself?
Why all of a sudden did he ask me such a serious question?
How can I jump so high?
How should I know where he is?
What makes you think that I'm against that?
I don't see why I should not do that.
How come you didn't call me last night?
I wonder why it's so crowded here today.
Why don't you ever say it?
How did a total stranger know his name?
How can you believe that she made away with the papers?
Why didn't you get one before we left?
How come you say nothing?
How did you come to know it?
What are you doing that for?
How can you tolerate such a deed?
How comes it that you were there?
What made you come here so early?
Let's check why your answers differ from mine.
I can't understand how your father managed to see through that man.
How come you don't know this?
How come you are here?
Why are you under the desk?
Why did you come home so late?
Why did you part with your house?
What made up your mind to quit smoking?
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
Not knowing what to do, I asked for help.
Not knowing what to do, I was at a loss.
Not knowing what to do, I telephoned the police.
How can I forget those days?
I can't recall her name.
I can't for the life of me remember her phone number.
I can't for the life of me remember her address.
I couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth.
I could not remember his name for the life of me.
We could not open the box anyhow.
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
I just can't memorize students' names.
I can't recall the exact words.
I'm just a creature of habit, I guess.
I want to get rid of it.
For the life of me, I couldn't remember his name.
Accidents will happen.
At all costs, I want to live in America.
I could never make him believe what I said.
I just can't make up my mind.
I can't recollect how to do it.
If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
I cannot understand it for the life of me.
I couldn't bring myself to take the job.
I cannot for the life of me remember where it was.
I simply cannot get rid of this bad cold of mine.
I do want to go to Italy.
Why did you paint the bench red?
Why did you give up the idea of learning French?
What made Bill decide to be an engineer?
How did you get to play the violin?
Why don't you get rid of your motorcycle? You never ride it any more.
Why didn't you say anything?
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
What makes you think that way?
Why did you say such a stupid thing?
How can you say such a silly thing?
How did you arrive at such a conclusion?
How can you bear such a humiliation?
Why do you take such a risk?
How come you made such a mistake?
How can you be so calm?
What made you say such a stupid thing as that?
Clara asked me why I worked so hard.
How can you be so passive? Why don't you retaliate?
Why are you so late?
Why are you so angry?
What do you want such an old car for?
Why does that require an apology?
Tell me what makes you so depressed.
How did such a thing come about?
How did you come to believe that?
How did you come to hear of it?
Why did the lawyer lose in the argument?
How did the accident come about?
What makes you think so?
What put such an idea into your head?
What do you learn Spanish for?
How can you afford another suit?
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
What led you to this conclusion?
How did this misunderstanding ever arise?
How come you call on us so late at night?
Why did you call me at this unearthly hour?
How can I quit this job?
How is it that you can speak this language?
How did this dangerous state come about?
What did you come here for?
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
I had no idea what to do.
Why will you not listen to reason?
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
Not knowing what to do, we telephoned the police.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
What's kept you?
What made you do a silly thing like that?
Why should I apologize to you?
What made you think so?
Why can't you take things just as they are?
Why do they say you have to learn English to survive?
Why didn't you tell us about this earlier? We'd have been able to do something about it.
Why is it so hot?
How come you didn't come to the party?
What happened? The car's slowing down.
What's up, Mike?
What has estranged him from his sister?
Tell me how to beat sleeplessness.
Please tell me how I can get in touch with him.
I don't know how to satisfy his need for constant attention.
How can I become rich?
How can we buy British goods?
As I was at a loss what to do, I asked my teacher for advice.
I was almost at my wits' end how to act.
How can I start the engine?
Not knowing what to do, she remained silent.
How can I get to the zoo from here?
He asked me what was the matter with me.
What's the matter with you? You look pale.
What's the trouble? Can I be of any help?
What's the matter, dad? Why are you grimacing like that?
Have you lost your marbles, wearing those bellbottoms?
Please remain standing.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
Turn on the light, please.
Please let me make it up to you.
Please remember to mail the letter.
Please forgive me.
Please come in an ordinary dress.
Please correct my pronunciation.
I entreat you to go and see him.
Let me know the way.
Keep it secret, please.
Please let me know the result by telephone.
Please let me in.
Turn off the light, please.
Open the window, please.
I hope you will be quite well again before long.
Pass on, please, and do not obstruct the way.
Bring me a glass of water, please.
Please don't forget to post the letter.
Please have my baggage brought to the station.
Please let me take your picture.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
Anyhow, don't make me one.
Please read and criticize my new book.
Help me with my homework, please.
Please rid me of this pain.
I beg you forgive me.
Please find me my overcoat.
Smile at me, please.
Can you tell me the time, please?
Please don't bother about me.
Please give me a piece of bread.
Would you please tell me the story about bird watching?
Please don't mind me.
Please remind me to post the letter.
Shut the door, please.
Please show me your detailed plan.
Pray forgive me!
I hope you enjoy your flight.
Please step back.
Please don't have any hard feelings.
Please introduce me to her.
The chili burnt my tongue.
I beg of you to listen carefully.
Please tell me the story once more.
Please give me another chance.
Please accept my humble apologies.
Will you please shut the door?
Please turn the television on.
Would you be so kind as to open the door for me?
Would you please turn down the TV?
Please come as soon as possible.
Kindly refrain from smoking.
Please don't be so sad. Cheer up!
Don't be so noisy, please.
Will you please put that in simpler words?
Could you lend me the book?
Would to God that it were true!
Please keep me informed of what is happening there.
Please tell me how to cook sukiyaki.
What's the matter? You look pale.
Please don't interrupt me for a while.
"What's the matter with you?" she demanded.
Please remember me to your parents.
I hope you will give my best regards to your family.
Please keep this information to yourself.
Would you please have a look at this document?
Please remember to post this letter.
Please make up your mind once and for all.
Would you please do me a favor?
Please defend me from such bad men.
Please tell me about your problem.
Please send me a picture of yourself.
Please write about your real experience.
Please say hello to your family.
Wake up at seven, please.
Please leave me alone.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
Do come in, please.
However we go, we must get there by seven.
I was at a loss for words.
As he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
For what reason did you cry?
Why does everything happen to me?
What kind of places would you like to see?
I leave it in your hands what course of action to take.
What kind of people do you like best?
Whatever the origin is, Valentine's Day has had a long and romantic history.
What is the reason for that lie?
For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail.
Somehow I have taken a fancy to that girl.
She was somehow incensed against me.
Show me how it works.
Please explain how to get there.
I don't know what motivated me to come here.
What are you implying?
However that may be, I am wrong.
I cannot possibly help you.
How are you doing?
How's the world treating you?
Can I use your toilet, please?
May I use the toilet?
What's happening?
Where's the restroom?
The toilet was outside, in the yard.
The toilet is upstairs.
May I use your toilet?
Where is the toilet?
Where's the toilet?
The toilet is over there.
Don't forget to flush the toilet.
The toilet doesn't flush.
The toilet won't stop running.
It's my habit to read on the toilet.
We have a stock of toilet paper.
Is there a toilet near here?
There's no toilet paper.
The toilet doesn't flush properly.
The argument presented in Doyle's study was first published as a white paper on drug-related crimes.
Germans are a frugal people.
We have few opportunities to speak German.
I am weak in German.
I cannot speak German.
German is not an easy language.
I can't remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
I don't understand German at all.
The Germans took to flight.
Germany produced many scientists.
Germany borders on France.
Germany was once allied with Italy.
Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
Germany made an alliance with Italy.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
The division of Germany was considered an accomplished fact until 1990.
The population of Germany is less than half that of the United States.
The German Chancellor is plagued by immigration problems.
Their stay in Germany for a year was very fruitful.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
In Germany today, anti-violence rallies took place in several cities, including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday.
When did you come back from Germany?
Therefore, a center for the development of human resources should be built in Japan.
As we thought, she had gone abroad.
Which was because I didn't follow the directions in the manual or learn their lessons.
As I had seen him before.
It was because she had faith in his capabilities.
For the law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
That means that even if they only have two children each, the population will continue to grow rapidly.
I showed my ticket to the doorman and went into the theatre.
Please don't forget to shut the door.
Shall I close the door?
Don't open the door.
Would you mind closing the door?
Would you mind shutting the door?
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
Keep the door closed.
Shut the door.
I had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it.
He painted the door blue.
Please paint the door white.
Don't leave the door open.
I shut the door behind me.
In opening the door, I broke the lock.
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
I opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side.
I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
Open the door.
Open the door and let me in, please.
Would you mind my opening the door?
You must not open the door.
Will you open the door?
Please open the door.
Keep the door open.
Would you please open the door?
It is very careless of you to leave the door open.
Will you leave the door open?
We left the door open.
Who left the door open?
The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
Opening the door, I found a stranger standing there.
Lock the door.
Can you push the door open?
Don't shut the door with a bang.
Knock on the door.
Don't slam the door.
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
The door must not be left open.
Stop beating on the door!
Shut the door, will you?
The door was broken open.
Opening the door, I found her sleeping.
Would you please not leave the door open?
Do you mind opening the door?
Walk slowly to the door.
The doorman did not permit me to enter the theater.
The door is locked at nine o'clock.
The door is locked at nine every night.
The door is opened every morning.
The door remained closed.
The door remained closed before her.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from within.
The door remaining locked up from inside, he could not enter the house.
The door was left ajar.
The door was opened by a tall man.
Doors ain't as bad as you think.
The door will lock automatically when you go out.
The door could not be opened.
A door must be either shut or open.
The door pushed open.
The door remained closed all day.
The door would not open.
The door won't close.
The door is opened by Jim.
The door is shut fast.
See to it that the door is locked at 10.
The door was locked from within.
There's a dog by the door.
Whoever is at the door, please ask him to wait.
You have only to stand in front of the door. It will open by itself.
The handle came away from the door when I grasped it.
The girl at the door is Lucy.
There is a boy near the door.
Unlock the door.
I know the boy who is sitting closest to the door.
A man appeared from behind the door.
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.
I could hear doors slamming.
Who is the girl standing at the door?
There is a man at the door.
Who's that boy standing at the door?
The boy standing by the door is my brother.
Hang your jacket on the hook by the door.
The man standing by the door is a famous singer.
The bicycle by the door is mine.
I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
There was a big gold star on the door.
How careless he was to pinch his fingers in the door!
I caught my finger in the door.
She locked the door.
It was careless of me to forget to lock the door.
Would you please lock the door?
Remember to lock the door.
Keep the door locked.
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
The door was locked, so I couldn't get into the room anyway.
Have you made sure the door is locked?
Could you move forward so we can close the door?
The doors were locked and we couldn't get in anyhow.
We barred the door and locked it.
The parking spaces nearest the door are reserved for executives.
I heard the door close.
If a door doesn't fit the casing, we must plane it carefully until it does.
The door is closing.
Can you get the door to shut?
The door was locked, so I couldn't get in.
The door blew shut.
When the door slammed unexpectedly, it startled me.
What is that building whose door is painted white?
The door was suddenly opened by Mike.
The door was locked and we couldn't get in.
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
The door opened and there she was, standing in the doorway.
As the door slid open, he almost fell onto the platform.
The door opened.
The door opened slowly.
The door burst open.
The door opened automatically.
The door won't open.
If the door doesn't fit, you might have to shave off a bit of the wood until it closes properly.
The door clicked shut.
The door is open. I'll go and shut it.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
In the tent we talked and talked.
Let's eat outside instead of in our tents.
It's no use on earth.
Which do you like better, Denver or Montreal?
The festive mood was slightly spoiled by terrorist bombs.
The grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it, and his arm was blown off!
Where can I get a telephone card?
Some TV programs are interesting, and others are not.
TV programs have a bad influence on children.
The TV telephone will come into popular use soon.
He was arrested by police after a TV chase in Osaka.
Can I turn off the TV?
There are movements to try to ban TV advertising.
Television viewers see only what the camera shows.
May I turn on the TV?
Please turn on the TV.
May I turn on the television?
We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
Oh, don't watch television.
Please turn off the TV.
Turn off the TV.
Please turn off the television.
I must get the television fixed.
The television set needs to be fixed.
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.
Please move the TV set to the left.
You're to do your homework before you watch TV.
Do your homework before you watch TV.
It's time you stopped watching television.
Let's not watch TV.
It's fun to watch TV.
Mary likes watching TV.
I mean, when I watch T. V. I'd sit in it.
Watching TV is a passive activity.
Watching TV is fun.
Watching television changes the role of the fans by making their participation more passive and distant.
I watch television.
Some people read the newspaper while watching television.
Let's play cards instead of watching television.
Don't watch TV.
Play outside instead of watching TV.
Don't spend so much time watching TV.
I'm just watching TV.
The trouble is you cannot work while watching TV.
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.
I fall asleep easily while watching television.
Watching TV, I fell asleep.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
When you watch television or listen to the radio, the music which you hear is often African in origin.
Will you turn on the TV?
Will you turn on the television?
Do you mind turning on the TV?
Would you mind if I turned the TV on?
Don't keep the TV on!
It was careless of him to go to bed with the TV on.
You must make room for the television.
Students don't read many books because of TV and comics.
Let's watch TV.
Television shows violence, which influences, above all, younger people.
Television has a great appeal for him.
TV plays an important part in everyday life.
Television can dull our creative power.
TV is harmful in that it keeps your mind in a passive state.
Television is a very important medium through which to provide information.
Television is a very important medium for giving information.
You should watch television at a distance.
Television could be an important source of culture, and its educational broadcasts are valued in many schools.
Television enlightens the viewers as well as entertains them.
TV has robbed us of our enjoyment of conversation at dinner at home.
Do you think television does children harm?
Television is ruining family life.
Television enables you to be entertained by people you wouldn't have in your home.
Enough TV, already!
Television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience.
The fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known.
TV is not watched here.
When did TV appear?
A television set used to be a luxury.
Some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves.
The spread of television has considerably deprived us of our time for reading.
Which of the TV programs do you like best?
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
There's nothing good on television.
We take it for granted that television exists.
Please adjust the television picture.
Turn up the TV.
The TV picture was blurred.
Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
Turn down the TV.
Turn down the TV a little. I'm trying to go to sleep.
Would you please turn down the TV a little?
Turn down the television.
Could you please turn your television down?
Where's the remote control for the TV?
There is a TV remote control under the couch.
The TV news program help us keep up with the world.
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
The TV newscast informs us of daily news.
Some people insist that television does more harm than good.
Thanks to television, boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books.
Television enables us to know what is happening today.
Television helps us widen our knowledge.
Television enables us to learn about foreign manners and customs.
Thanks to television, we can enjoy watching baseball games in our rooms.
According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
What is shown on television is, as it were, a reflection of what society is like.
According to the TV, it will be fine today.
I'm tired of TV.
Television has robbed cinema of its former popularity.
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.
We can do without a television, can't we?
Speaking of television, what is your favorite show nowadays?
I like nothing so much as to watch baseball games on television.
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
Do you want to watch the baseball game on TV?
Many companies advertise their products on TV.
The company is promoting a new car on TV.
I watched an old movie on TV.
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
Watching the football game on television was fun.
Cue cards are used primarily on television to help the actors remember their lines.
You can't say four-letter words on TV.
What about watching the night game on TV?
Can I turn on the TV?
I enjoy watching soccer on TV.
Although it is not a bad thing in itself, in a lot of cases, many people are watching too much television.
I want a television set, but I can't afford to buy one.
The spread of television enables us to enjoy the scenery of foreign countries.
The TV won't turn on.
I don't think TV will ever take the place of books.
The influence of TV on society is great.
The television doesn't work.
My TV has broken down.
My television was broken down, so I had to get it repaired.
Even a small sound from the TV interferes with my concentration.
TV has taken the place of radio.
Television almost has taken the place of the movie theater.
If it were not for television, the world would feel even larger.
Can you imagine what life would be like without television?
The TV was turned on.
The TV doesn't work.
The TV was on all the time.
Please show me the TV Guide.
The TV was so noisy that I couldn't concentrate on my reading.
The TV antenna broke away in last night's storm.
Please answer by telex.
I think that Delbert is crazy.
A delicatessen caught fire and burned down, leaving a heap of ashes.
Terry was very pleased with the news.
You'd better put your cigarette out before Terry sees it.
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
Could we have a table on the terrace?
But I am able to cook well.
But his name is slightly familiar to me.
But my mind tells my fingers what to do.
She has a big problem, though.
But he likes the long school holidays.
But I enjoyed farm work.
But it's a typical savannah country, and we enjoy cooler temperatures.
But maybe guys don't like them.
The demonstrators marched in order.
Oh, but this is great.
But I have to take night shifts twice a week.
But it's very strong actually.
The following day, however, the doctor consoled him by telling him that his chances of being able to leave hospital in time for New Year celebrations were good.
But I can't understand them very well.
But you don't have to stay to the end.
Now she lay weak in bed.
It's expensive though.
I think you should get more rest.
You may as well get used to it.
But we call him Tony at home.
But Dad won't like it.
But I don't think Dad would like me to.
Secret police moved among the crowd during the demonstration.
You know, sometimes you need to hear it.
But we don't have anything in common at all.
I'm going to join a demonstration.
But probably I'll be the last, which is a pity.
Oh, but he did come to Tokyo alone.
But, I have to take my mother.
But we're just on our way home.
While the demonstration was being made, the president was taking notes.
But it's almost half past eleven.
But what will you do if he doesn't come?
But I was always too lazy.
He can afford the time to play the guitar though.
But you will write, won't you?
But I have no apples left to give you.
But I have nothing left. I am just an old stump.
But I don't think the pool is open this weekend.
"But you just come here in the summer!" Said Tony.
But, I'm going steady.
But of course that was a long time ago.
But they are all people.
Well, it wasn't all that bad.
But it was like trying to stop the rain from falling.
But you like it!
But you're going to owe me one.
But while I am here, do you think you could replace the batteries?
It has too many disadvantages.
I have sailed up the Thames once.
The Thames is a river that flows through London.
She was fat, and holding a monkey.
David can speak French fluently.
David worked his way through college.
David is very active.
David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
Debbie! Can you hear me?
I said hello to Debby but she totally ignored me.
Debbie, is your school near here?
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
Who is on duty?
Then let us begin.
See you tonight, then. Cheers!
Let's discuss the respective merits of the candidates.
Shall we start the meeting now?
See you again tomorrow.
I am afraid I must be going now.
The department store was crammed with holiday shoppers.
Department stores sell numerous things.
You can get all kinds of things to eat if you go to the free samples area in a department store.
There is an advertising balloon flying above the department store.
I got a new hat at the department store.
You can see the large exhibition at the department store anytime.
A very pleasant young woman waited on me in the department store.
We start here in two hours, then.
Well, see you later.
Who will take care of your cat then?
I'd like to pay in cash.
We'd better hurry then.
Let's make it Monday afternoon.
Let's see if I've got that right.
Well, let me tell you.
I'd like to pay with my credit card instead.
Then who are you? Are you Elijah?
The main point of Dennett's book, in short, is to deny the existence of inner mental states.
Have you ever read any Tennyson poems?
Do you play tennis?
Some boys play tennis and others play soccer.
Playing tennis is good for your health.
It's fun to play tennis.
Let's not play tennis.
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
Playing tennis is his hobby.
When it comes to playing tennis, he always beats me.
Playing tennis is easy for me.
It is easy for me to play tennis.
To play tennis is fun.
It is easy to play tennis.
Let's play tennis. I've booked a court for 10:30.
How about playing tennis?
I like to play tennis.
"Let's play tennis." "Yes let's."
I play tennis an hour a day.
Such sports as tennis and baseball are very popular.
In tennis and ping-pong backhand the hand is turned backwards in making the stroke.
I don't like such sports as tennis and golf.
Tennis is difficult. I never know which way the ball is going to fly.
Dennis can make the ugliest face in town.
Dennis lay flat on the floor.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
Tennis is my favorite sport.
Aren't you fond of playing tennis?
Are you good at tennis?
Tennis is very popular among students.
Dennis laughs at Wilson's round face.
Tennis began in France in the thirteenth century.
When it comes to tennis, she is second to none.
He gripped the tennis racket tightly.
She is in her element when it comes to tennis.
I think I'll go in for tennis.
What are the four major golf tournaments comparable to the ones in tennis?
Dennis doesn't have rough manners.
Why don't you give tennis a try?
I like playing tennis and golf.
I'll take you on at tennis.
I have tennis elbow.
No one can match him at tennis.
He is no match for me in tennis.
I am no match for you at tennis.
Ann is second to none in tennis.
Tennis is hard. The ball flies off in all directions when I hit it.
I belong to a tennis club.
You are a good tennis player.
I'd like to play tennis.
I like playing tennis.
Climb to the top.
Detroit is famous for its car industry.
Uncle Ted took us to the zoo in order to show us the pandas.
Ted's really got computers on the brain.
Ted waited for her for a long time.
Ted is satisfied with life in college.
Ted is handy at repairing watches.
Ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation.
Ted likes playing the trumpet.
Ted is incompetent to teach English.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
Ted is the second pitcher on the baseball team.
Ted was certain of winning the game.
I'm sure that Ted's cough is due to smoking.
I had just finished my homework when Ted phoned me.
If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
I took it for granted that you would come with us.
I regret not having studied hard for the test.
I just got by on the test.
How was your test?
Looks like you didn't study much for the test.
I didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out.
After the exam we compared the answers we'd written.
Don't worry about the result of the test.
Don't worry about the result of your test.
I'm concerned about the result of the exam.
I wish I had studied harder for the test.
I couldn't answer any questions on the test.
You can do better on your tests.
I scored only 33 points on the test.
I used a photo of my dog for my desktop wallpaper.
My desktop has gotten cluttered.
So you've got to be a believer.
Therefore, we try to persuade people not to have cash, to have money electronically transferred.
Please refrain from pushing forward.
Cape Dezhnev is 30 miles south of the Arctic Circle.
We heard about your company from Mr Morris of Digital Com Company.
You can put your talents to good use if you become a designer.
The dessert was made with whipped cream.
What would you like for dessert, ice cream or fresh fruit?
What would you like for dessert?
I'm trying to save room for dessert.
If you like dessert, you'll love Grandma's Kitchen!
I'd like to have cheesecake for dessert.
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
I want ice cream for dessert.
What fruit would you like to have for dessert?
Apples were served as the dessert.
I'd rather not take any medicine if I can avoid it.
I don't want to go by plane, if I can help it.
I'd like to part with her if I could.
This weekend, if possible.
Come on Monday afternoon, if possible.
I would gladly help you, only I am too busy now.
I would if I could, but I'm taking sailing lessons this week.
I would like to go home now.
I wish I could.
Actually it might be a good idea to start right now.
Six-thirty, it's possible.
I will help you as far as I can.
I will help as much as I can.
I promise you every possible compensation.
I'll do everything I can.
I'll do all I can.
Try to do so as far as the station.
I'll wait here until my medicine is ready.
I'll help you if possible.
I'd like to see you if possible.
I defy you to make it public.
You had better talk as clearly as you can.
I will make up for the lost time by working as hard as I can.
Refer to the dictionary as often as possible.
It's important to unite as many workers as possible.
You should read as many books as you can.
Read as many books as you can.
Let's go and see as many things as we can.
You should memorize as many English words as possible.
Walk as fast as possible.
Run as fast as you can.
Running as fast as I could, I was able to catch up with my friend.
She ran as fast as she was able to.
Running as fast as she could, she still failed to catch the bus.
I'll come here as soon as possible.
Come as soon as possible.
Try to make an appointment as soon as possible.
I will get in touch with him as soon as possible.
I ran as quickly as I could.
You should start as early as possible.
Get your homework done as soon as you can.
Will you send someone to fix it as soon as possible?
Please write to me as soon as possible.
Get it done as soon as possible.
Come downstairs as soon as possible.
Get up as early as you can.
Please come home as quickly as possible.
Please come back as soon as possible.
You are to start as early as possible.
I want you to return it to me as soon as possible.
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
Come as soon as you can.
You should call your father as soon as possible.
We are looking forward to receiving your quote as soon as possible.
I will visit you as soon as I can.
Put your plan into practice as soon as possible.
I look forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible.
I'll meet him at the earliest opportunity possible.
I'll be as quiet as a mouse.
Make it as spicy as you can.
Try to jump as high as possible.
Insofar as possible, our examples will be drawn from English.
Study as hard as you can.
Work as hard as you can.
I held onto the rope for as long as I could, but I finally had to let go.
Please speak as clearly as possible.
Express yourself as clearly as you can.
I will give you what help I can.
As far as possible one should try to become on as close terms as possible with any sort of man.
Learn as many idioms as possible by heart.
I will return the book as soon as I can.
I'll try as hard as I can.
I am come to offer what service may be in my power.
I'll support you as much as I can.
The alternative possibilities were resistance and flight.
I feel like I've done all I can. Now all there is to do is wait and see what comes of it.
Please don't take it out, if possible?
Don't use slang if you can help it.
I spend what time I can spare in reading.
We'll get this as clear as possible.
Enjoy life while you may.
Enjoy your life while you are able to.
I'd like to have a look at your stamp collection.
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
Come on Tuesday, if possible.
This textbook is designed for beginners.
Texas borders on Mexico.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
Well done! Your parents must be proud of you.
Please lock the door when you leave.
You're being bossy, aren't you?
DNA is a complex chemical that makes up a gene.
Mr Taylor wishes he had not come to the party.
The tape recorder is a useful aid to teaching.
The tape recorder was lying on the table.
Clear off the table.
Put the tables end to end.
Spread the table, and contention will cease.
Carry the table out, please.
Would you wipe the table for me?
Table manners vary from one country to another.
If I don't know the table manners, it doesn't really matter.
The table was covered with dust.
Clear away the table things.
The cat on the table is sleeping.
The calculator on the table is mine.
Whose is the dictionary on the table?
Don't park your books on the table.
Lay the book on the table.
There is a book on the table.
Is there a cat on the table?
There is a cup on the table.
I might have left it on the table.
There is a vase on the table.
There is a small teacup and an egg on the table.
There is a flower on the table.
How many books are there on the table?
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
There is an apple on the table.
There is a radio on the table.
On the table there was a cat.
There was a lamp hanging above the table.
There were four pieces of cheese on the table.
There are no oranges on the table.
There was a broken cup on the table.
There is a glass on the table.
There is an orange on the table.
Who is the man sitting at the other end of the table?
Who is the man at the other side of the table?
The legs of the table are shaky.
It's under the table.
Is there a cat under the table?
There is a dog under the table.
Under the table was a black cat.
Maru crawled out from under the table.
Please sponge the mess up of the table.
Don't put the glass near the edge of the table.
Will you please wipe the dust off the table?
There were four chairs by the table.
You can have any cake on the table.
There are footprints of a cat on the table.
Stop resting your elbows on the table.
Don't put your elbows on the table.
A table has four legs.
She put the magazine on the table.
Were there any glasses on the table?
There are some oranges on the table.
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
I spilled coffee on your tablecloth.
The table was groaning with food.
Please join the two ends of the tape together.
Don't expose the tapes to the sun.
The tape is rolling.
We examined the following magazines to collect the data.
They conducted the following experiment to collect the data.
The data hasn't been compiled yet.
The data is often inaccurate.
Data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours, and vice versa.
Computer technology is indispensable to access many pertinent items of data.
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.
Mrs. Davis was anything but a perfect wife.
Mr Davis looks very tired.
Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
I bought a Daily News.
Is this the Taylors'?
Damon showed me his stamp album.
Tim settled down after he got married.
Tim writes as if he were left-handed.
Tim's employer promised him pie in the sky benefits.
Tim is the black sheep of the Jones' family.
Tim's wife insisted on his taking her to Paris.
Tim's motorbike is far more expensive than mine is.
I can't find Tim. Has he gone already?
I can't find Tim.
Debate is an academic game between the affirmative and the negative.
Dave never returned to school again.
Dave is the fastest swimmer of all my classmates.
I like Dave because he is very kind.
I bet Dave paid a pretty penny for his new car.
David has never had a steady job. He has always lived by his wits.
David remained on the platform while the train was in sight.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis were invited to a Christmas party at a hotel one year.
Tina soon got used to Japanese food.
My father picked up the tab for dinner which came to $150.
Let's go downstairs for dinner.
A hearty dinner well appeased my hunger.
What time is dinner served?
Coffee finishes most dinners.
Dinner is ready.
After dinner, I walk on the beach.
What about having fish for dinner?
Do you often have fish for dinner?
Aren't you going to get Mr Tate?
Just tell Mr Tate that Helen Cartwright is here to see him.
The dip burned my tongue.
Bring me the Kleenex.
Dick has been dependent on his parents, but is now independent of them.
Dick takes after his mother in appearance.
Dick plans to go by himself.
Dick drew up to her.
Dick is sometimes late for school.
Dick forced me to agree with his plan.
Dick passed the photo to me.
Dick showed a willingness to help us.
Dick had a traffic accident.
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
Dick played the piano and Lucy sang.
Dick tried to solve the problem, in vain.
Dick promised to come back by three o'clock.
Dick was ten years old when he died.
Dick died at ten years of age.
Dick says, "I can swim."
Come down, Dick. It is time for dinner.
Who started Disneyland?
Disneyland was very interesting. You should've come with us.
Disneyland was built in 1955.
In Disneyland, popular characters in various stories march in procession at one o'clock.
When it comes to disco dance, I can't hold a candle to Susan.
Please pack the disks and hard copies into the briefcase.
Dickens was the author of 'Oliver Twist'.
Dean can really put away the food.
A teenager sometimes acts like a baby.
She arranges the buying and selling of houses in and around Deal.
About 27,000 people live in and around Deal, but it has a small town center and it feels very much like a small town.
Let's listen to the people of Deal talk about their jobs and their everyday lives.
Deal is in the southeast of England, about 110 kilometers away from London.
The dealer wants to sell a car.
She lives just outside Wripple, which is near Deal.
Inhaling diesel exhaust is bad for our health.
You should write HANDLE WITH CARE on the parcel that contains the teacups.
The tundra has a harsh climate.
Cranes are big beautiful birds.
The suspension bridge is miles above.
Exact change, please.
Hold on to the strap. The train will start to move soon.
Please hold on to the strap.
Keep the change!
I had a hard time of it.
We had a heavy labor.
I'm going to have a heavy day.
Don't bite your nails.
You must get rid of the habit of biting your nails.
In the end it is not possible to fully know somebody else.
After all, it might be imagination.
That is, she is a poor dancer.
That is to say, they had a few hundred pounds, with which they had intended to buy a house as soon as they arrived.
In short, he is a man of great ability.
Each person was given enough food and clothing.
In brief, you should have accepted the responsibility.
This is the bottom line.
That is, Father is two years older than Mother.
That is to say, he was old and gray and tired.
In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
In brief, if the individual accepts the values of democracy, he must also accept the responsibilities of democracy.
That is to say, on May 10th.
Don't get upset about small things. Try to think of things like a rich person who can afford not to argue.
Don't quarrel over trifles.
He meddled where he wasn't wanted and it backfired on him.
I'm getting tired of the dull game.
A foolish misunderstanding severed their long friendship.
Don't waste your allowance on useless things.
Don't waste your time on trifles.
Don't waste time on trifles.
Don't get all bent out of shape over little things. A short temper can make you poor.
I know better than to quarrel with her about trifles.
Don't make a fuss about trifles.
Don't trouble him with trifles.
What a fuss about nothing!
They are always believing a groundless rumor.
The buds began to open.
The buds are beginning to show signs of color.
There was little sugar left in the pot.
Is there much sugar in the jar?
The tuberculin reaction was positive.
The tuberculin reaction was pseudopositive.
The tuberculin reaction was negative.
He had a tuberculin test.
Eat what you are served, no buts about it.
Please spit.
The penalty for spitting is five pounds.
One swallow does not make a summer.
The swallow is swift in flight.
Swallows fly away at the approach of winter.
The swallow is a sign of summer.
Swallows migrate to a warm climate.
A swallow flies very swiftly.
A couple of swallows are flying overhead.
Swallows are flying in the sky.
The Tsubasa is a very fast train.
How many cars does the Tsubasa have?
It's a good paper, apart from a few spelling mistakes.
You cannot be too careful about spelling.
I got a rash from poison ivy.
Don't buy on credit.
I want to put this on house charge.
Would you please send me a catalogue by mail?
The thrush sings each song twice over.
One after another they stood up and went out.
Fortune has turned in my favor.
The moon was above the horizon.
I don't have good luck, so I don't play pachinko or buy lottery tickets.
After a streak of bad luck, a persistent gambler will be forced to play for high stakes.
I attended the party just to be sociable.
I'm worn out.
I'm getting tired. It's your turn to drive.
He fled lest he should be arrested.
After a brief peace, war broke out again.
I couldn't help falling asleep.
I've just let slip that he is sick.
I met your father just now.
I didn't know about that until quite recently.
During the recent trip to America, I made friends with Jack.
It was only recently that she changed her mind.
I arrived here just now.
I'd like a twin with an extra bed.
I ended up going over the top, drinking too much and having a terrible hangover the next day.
At last both countries agreed on putting an end to the war.
At length the discord between them came to an end.
At last, I caught up with my friends.
Finally, my father compromised.
Finally, the sick, tired men reached the mountain town where he was waiting.
She didn't turn up after all.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
At last, she solved the problem.
At last she gave way to him and broke a secret.
Finally she attained a position of power.
At last, she was able to contact her old friend.
Finally, she succeeded.
At last, she has brought the plan into effect.
At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
At last, they began to count down cautiously.
At last, they met face to face.
At last he found out the truth.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
At last, they ceased working.
At last, they purchased freedom with blood.
At last he yielded.
At last, they came to a decision.
At last the boy was given up for dead.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
Finally, their friendship ended and their close relationship disappeared.
In the end, he also faltered in the face of great adversity.
At last, he gained his ends.
He reached his goal at last.
Finally he invited all and sundry to partake of the cake and all.
At last he came to.
Finally, he carried out his plan.
At last, he realized his mistakes.
At last he realized that he was mistaken.
At length, he began to cry.
At last he stopped before an old house, and caught another glimpse of the town.
At last, he came.
At last, he solved the question.
At last, the gem was in his hands.
At last, he got the car.
At last, he found out how to make it.
He finally made money.
At last, he went to America.
I finally contacted him by phone.
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
I guess the time of reckoning has arrived at last.
The war finally broke out.
Now you've given yourself away.
We must decide when to start.
At last, he realized his error.
At last I accepted his proposal against my will.
At last, I completed my work.
At last, I passed the test.
At last, my wish has come true.
At last, we arrived at the village.
At last, we got to the lake.
At last, we reached England.
At last, we got the information.
At last, the students resorted to violence.
At last, we got through with the hard work.
Summer has arrived at last.
At last, it began to rain.
At last, we reached our destination.
At last, Mayuko gained her end.
At last, the bus company gave in.
We finally published the book.
The poet went mad in the end.
Eventually the cruel man was sentenced to jail.
I finally penetrated the meaning of the riddle.
At last Souichiro and Yukino decided to cut the orange into halves.
At last, John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves.
At last, Ken gained his end.
He finally decided to go to his mother with the news his father had shared.
Finally, in 1314, these games had become so violent and dangerous that King Edward II made a law.
Finally, he gave in to my persuasion.
Finally, he gave into my persuasion.
Eventually, he was sentenced to five years in prison for the violent crime.
The communist gave in to his tough opponent at last.
Finally, Oedipus replied.
At long last, the two chiefs of the Indian tribes have decided to make peace.
I am sending a copy of my letter to you.
Can you buy one for me as well?
While you are about it, please make some coffee for me.
A screen divided the room into two.
If you follow me, I'll show you the way to the hospital.
I often feel like just going over there.
I was caught in a shower just now.
Paul telephoned just now.
I blew a gasket.
Until recently I have been an early riser for the last six years.
I feel ashamed of having lost my temper.
I carelessly dropped a vase.
A foolish impulse made me say what I should have left unsaid.
I wasn't being mindful and got on a wrong bus by mistake.
During the tour he broke apart from the group and found his own way.
The tour guide pointed out the sight.
Where can I get some information on tours?
The chimpanzee is an intelligent creature, capable of solving simple problems.
Many a little makes a mickle.
You looked at me.
I glanced at the clock and knew what time it was.
I just dropped in.
Let your food cool off a bit; don't eat it while it's hot.
Come here.
Just run down to the post office, won't you?
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?
I'm just going to drop by the post office.
I've got a touch of the flu.
May I ask you something?
That would be difficult.
I think I'm just tired.
I'm feeling sort of tired.
Oh, he broke wind.
Why don't we drop over to see her?
There was a slight chill in the air.
I have a slight fever.
May I use the telephone for a while?
Can I use your telephone?
I would like to make a phone call.
I wanted to do some telephoning.
After a short pursuit, the police caught him.
I just wanna nose around a bit.
Discussion resumed after a short interruption.
Could you give me some advice?
Look, someone is calling you.
It might be a bit big but this envelope will do just fine. It's better to be too big than too small.
Just a moment, please.
Now just hold on a minute.
Wait a second. Do you just think that all's well that ends well? That's not the way it is.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind.
Would you mind waiting a few minutes?
Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
Let's keep going and see the next town.
What has become of the book I put here a few minutes ago?
I'm just going to run down to buy some tickets.
I am bit weak at figures.
Can I borrow your eraser for a moment?
You are burning up the road.
I'd like to take my jacket off, please; it's too hot.
Can you help me a little?
I'm going out for a while.
Please help me with this.
Give me a hand, will you?
Please give me a hand.
If you stop and relax, this will relieve the tension and stress in your shoulders.
Why don't we break off for a while and have some coffee?
Excuse me a minute.
Will you excuse me for just a moment?
Excuse me just a second. I'll go and get the whiskey.
Sorry...
Excuse me, could I get past?
Can you spare a minute? I'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
Will you help me for a minute?
Can you spare me a few minutes?
Keep an eye on my bag for a while.
I got a little revenge on him.
What do you say to going out for a short walk?
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
I'll just go for a walk to clear my head.
I'll drop if I don't sit down.
There is a slight chill on the party.
I have a complicated matter I want to discuss with you.
Let me think for a minute.
The price is not reasonable.
I'm just going across to the flower shop.
A little language goes a long way.
Let me say a few words by way of apology.
I really spoke too harshly.
I wish I didn't have to tell you this, but ...
I'm just looking around.
We cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone.
Let me see it.
A mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other.
I'm just going to run down to the bank.
Just look in the mirror.
I feel like taking a rest.
I feel like a rest.
Why don't you rest a bit?
Let's take a rest for a while.
Let's drop in for a drink.
Why don't you stop by for a little while?
Give me a break, will you?
Bit cold though.
I want to see you for a moment.
Would you like to go and get a bite to eat?
A little make-up worked wonders with her.
I laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours.
Can you take over driving for a while?
Give me a drink, please.
Won't you come in for a moment?
How about me stopping by?
Hold your horses, young man. You can't enter here unless you have a pass.
Hold your horses, young man.
I lost myself for a moment.
Hold on a moment, please.
Be quiet for a moment.
Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment?
Can I borrow your pen for a few minutes?
Do you want to look into it?
Not quite what I want.
Step aside.
Let's stop and take a rest.
Could you move over a little?
It is no easy thing to do.
I'll take a time-out.
Will you kindly let me have a look at it?
Let's drop the subject.
How about dropping in at the shop?
I wandered around for a while.
Let me have a look at the picture.
May I go out for a short walk?
Just stand there, please.
It was just a joke.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
A slip of tongue will often lead us to unexpected results.
It's a shot in the arm.
I'll make a little money, and Mr White will never know.
It's certainly a thrill.
I get depressed by the slightest things.
Take a look at this map.
Just turn this handle.
Please take the pants in a bit.
Would you come here a moment?
They're a little tight.
I've been thinking that I may have been too critical.
Give me a break, please.
May I interrupt you a while?
May I talk with you for a moment?
Can I have a word with you?
I'd like to speak to you for a moment.
What do you say to having a coffee break?
Hold on, please.
Please wait a moment while I write out your receipt.
May I interrupt you?
Could you please help me?
Can I bother you for something?
I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
Would you do something for me?
Excuse me, but may I ask you something.
The waist is a little small.
Let's have a talk over a couple of drinks.
Could you move the chair a bit?
When I asked whether I might talk with him a moment, he said, "By all means."
Do you have a minute?
Let's drop in at that coffee lounge.
Let me have a look at your video camera.
Wait for a while. I'll make you some.
Hey, you.
Do you mind handing me the hammer?
Hey, where are you going?
Want to hear something funny?
Please give me a little more chocolate.
Chocolate tastes sweet.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans.
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
Give me a piece of chalk.
Bring me two pieces of chalk.
Bring me a piece of chalk.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
You've turned up at the right moment.
I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
She was about to go to bed when someone knocked on the door.
I have just written a letter to him.
Just as he was speaking, a fire broke out.
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.
It falls on Sunday.
Even as he was speaking, a shot rang out.
Just as Japanese boys play baseball, so English boys play cricket.
I've just finished lunch.
I was just thinking of a new job.
Just after putting away the dishes, Joan heard the doorbell ring.
Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
That hit the spot.
I was about to start.
I'm about to leave.
She arrived just as I was leaving.
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.
She came back just as I was leaving.
Just as I went to go out, it began to rain.
I was just about to go out when it began to rain hard.
It would rain just when I wanted to go out.
I have just finished my homework.
I've just finished writing a letter.
It is just half past seven.
The car accident took place just in front of me.
Just as I don't have good eyes, so neither does my son.
We were just about to leave when she telephoned.
Just as we are talking, there was a loud explosion.
He came in just as I was going out.
I've just washed the dishes.
I've got my friend on the line right now.
I'm busy at the moment.
It began snowing just now.
I met him just now.
We have just cleaned the lavatory.
It is just five o'clock.
This is the very book you wanted.
I've just been to the bank.
As I happened to be in the neighborhood, I went and paid him compliments.
It's just across the street from the church.
I got there just in time.
There's a white building just around the corner.
I was just about to go out, when the bell rang.
I've just finished packing.
We've just run out of salt and pepper.
I'm just about to check in.
Just then she came into my room.
Just then she was called to the phone.
Just then, I heard the telephone ring.
The telephone was being used at the moment.
Just then, the bus stopped.
Just then, the telephone rang.
Just then, a bright idea occurred to me.
I've just been to my uncle's house.
We were just talking about you.
Let's get out of here.
Tulips come into bloom soon.
Tulips are our prefecture's official flower.
Tulips are in full bloom now.
The tulips have begun to come up.
The tulips have come out beautifully.
Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
Don't hesitate. Speak out.
Far from hesitating, she willingly offered to help me.
The Tudor Dynasty fell in the year 1603.
The champion had the challengers at his mercy.
The champion was welcomed by large crowds.
The champion's experience submitted to the young opponent's power.
Can I change the channel?
Do you mind if I change the channel?
Because the channel was changed he got angry.
Turn to channel 1.
You should eat something before you go.
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
Chew your food well so it can be digested properly.
Sit tight.
I expect you realised that without being conscious of it.
I'll not divorce you, unless you give me a good reason.
I need one month to make a permanent bridge for you.
Don't let opportunities pass by.
Chances come rarely in any case.
Chaplin left America for good.
The door bell has rung.
How do I get to Chinatown?
Prince Charles will be the next king of England.
Charles Walcot investigated the magnetic compass bearing sense in pigeons.
Charles I had his head cut off.
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
Charlie was a mere child when I saw him last.
Charlie decided to cross out the last word.
Charlie's father advised him to become a teacher.
Churchill was a worthy statesman.
In addition to being a great statesman, Churchill was a great writer.
The charter flight is to take off at three.
Can I call "Chargeit" and reserve?
People are talking about this Internet phenomenon.
Don't be mean with the tip.
No gratuities accepted.
This tipping business always makes us uneasy.
If the tip was a dime in one glass, the waitress, in her haste to get the table ready for the next customer, would pick up the glass, the water would spill out, and that would be the end of it.
I am not the least bit worried.
I don't have a ticket.
To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
I saw a lady go through the gate without showing the ticket.
I'd like to book three seats.
The tickets sold out within a week.
Where can I buy tickets?
Where can I get tickets?
Please pick up your ticket at the counter.
Do you have any tickets left?
The tickets are 20 yen each.
Can I buy tickets on the day of the tour?
As soon as we get the tickets, we'll send them to you.
Chicken, please.
You can't eat chicken? How do you know if you never try it?
Is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold?
Check in, please.
Tell me what I should be watching for.
Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in?
Can I check in now?
I'll be a little late tonight for check-in.
I'd like to check in, please.
When is checkout time?
I'd like to check out.
Put everything on my tab. I'll settle it when I check out.
I'd like to check out. Do you have my bill?
I'd like to check out. Could you call the bellboy?
What time do we have to check out?
What do you say to a game of chess?
The black and white squares on a checker board are arranged alternately.
When it comes to playing chess, he is second to none.
Chess is a highly intellectual game.
The chessboard is the world.
Will you teach me how to play chess?
I will teach you to play chess.
Tom is more than a match for me in chess.
I want to buy a Czech sweater.
The team won the championship for five years running.
The team is up for the game.
As head of the team I was ably assisted by him.
Team members are provided with equipment and uniforms.
Three cheers for the team.
Our team could easily have brought home the bacon, if it weren't for the team's best man being injured.
It took a load off my mind when our team won the championship.
A cheetah runs as fast as any animal.
I would like to buy some cheese.
Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
Cheese doesn't digest easily.
Cheese cuts easily with a knife.
Don't thrust your knife into the cheese.
Cheese often lures a mouse into a trap.
Which way is the cheese shelf?
Would you teach me how to make cheese?
Cheese and butter are products made from milk.
Have you ever had cheese with apple pie?
I'd like some cheese.
Could I have a slice of cheesecake?
How is cheerleading practice?
I hope to try out for cheerleader.
Make a handsome profit of one thousand dollars.
Where are the tampons?
Dan likes to make model cars.
Dan is good at making approaches to strangers.
Dan bought a new computer.
Dan did it with care but with ease.
Dan is often scolded by his mother.
Dan came for Julie at six.
Dan's completely off the wall; you can't predict what he's going to do next.
It is getting cooler and cooler.
His true colors are coming out.
The days are getting longer and longer.
It will get warmer and warmer.
The weather here is getting cold and I really do not like that.
It's getting colder and colder.
It was getting dark.
It is getting darker and darker.
We were running out of gas, and what was worse, it began to snow heavily.
How would you like to join the dance club?
Will you play some dance records?
Dancing is a delight to me.
What time does the dance floor get crowded?
How would you like to go to a dance?
Dancing is good for the figure.
I cannot dance worth a damn.
Do you like dancing?
Let me dance with you.
We had a lovely time at the dance.
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
I take dancing and modeling lessons.
I found what I was looking for in the drawers.
What a pity you can't dance!
The dancer's graceful action charmed the audience.
Each movement of the dancer was perfect.
The dancers timed their steps to the music of the band.
The dancers really came to life during the Latin numbers.
The tank has a capacity of fifty-gallons.
There's little water in the tank, if any.
A tanker is a ship carrying oil.
I have a lot of phlegm.
Taro succeeded to his late father's estate.
Taro, go and brush your teeth.
The tanker has only a small crew on board.
I wonder who to invite.
I love you more than anyone else.
No one encouraged her.
None were satisfied.
None were listening to the speaker.
Nobody was paying attention to her.
Nobody argued against choosing him as chairman.
No one can separate them.
No one ran ahead of him.
No one had the heart to say he was wrong.
No one conceived his words to be important.
Nobody knows why he left the town.
No one can achieve anything without effort.
Nobody could give the correct answer.
The plants must have died because no one watered them.
Nobody likes to be made fun of in public.
No one forgot their assignment, did they?
No one wants to have an accident. The trouble is that people do not want hard enough to not have an accident.
No one can help me.
None of us want to go, but either you or your wife has to go.
Everyone is ready.
Everyone, it seemed, was anxious to get their Christmas shopping done early this year.
Everyone praises the boy.
No one could find the cave.
Don't let anyone come near the fire.
No man alive would believe it.
Nobody has seen the bird fly.
It seems that no one knows the truth.
It seems that no one knew the truth.
It is interesting that no one noticed that mistake.
No one can understand how the accident happened.
Everyone was enjoying the journey.
Everybody knew her true feelings.
Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
What person does everyone take off his hat to?
Everybody is calling for sweeping reforms.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
Not everybody can be a poet.
Everyone was bustling about.
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
She assumed that everyone would be for the plan.
Everybody expected the musical to be a great hit, but it was far from being a success.
Everybody respects Jeremy because he carries out all his responsibilities.
Everyone is an entrepreneur.
Nobody knows what has become of him.
No one ever saw such a thing.
Whose go is it?
Everyone seems to have a bone to pick with someone, but only a few people can be philosophical about it.
Let no one interfere with me.
Every man has his faults.
That should be pleasing to anyone.
Who is to blame for the failure?
Who were you talking with?
You must make an effort to get along with everyone.
Everybody has some good points and bad points.
It is necessary that everybody obey the law.
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
Everyone more or less likes showing off in public.
Nobody likes being laughed at.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, and all the more, his life.
Everybody seeks happiness.
You can invite any person you like.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
Every one wants to live free from care.
Anybody can make a mistake.
All are welcome.
Everyone must keep the law.
It seems that everybody likes golf.
No one man could do it.
Not everybody succeeds in life.
Everybody loves music.
Everybody knows the news.
Everyone and everything moved much faster now than before.
Anyone can use this dictionary.
Everyone is not honest.
Give it to whoever needs it.
Everyone is responsible for his own actions.
Not everyone can be a KRS-ONE.
Everyone of us will have to accept the current of the times.
Everyone makes a mistake at times.
Everyone remembers the happy days of his youth as his halcyon days.
I want someone to talk to.
Whoever comes, I'll welcome him warmly.
Whoever comes, don't open the door.
Who invented the telephone?
Who should look after the elderly?
There is no telling who will be sent in his place.
There is no doubt as to who will be elected.
Who left the window open?
If you have a bone to pick with a person, tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back.
There's somebody here who did it, isn't there?
Whoever may oppose my plan, I will carry it out nonetheless.
Who has taken my handbag?
Do you know who conquered Mt. Everest first?
No matter who may go, he will be welcomed.
Somebody's at the porch!
Someone is at the door.
Who cares?
Who is going to look after our dog?
Who cared?
We will settle once for all who is the best.
Who is in fault?
To understand someone is to love someone.
You should not cut in when someone else is talking.
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
I wonder who discovered it.
Who can put a bell on the cat?
Who will compensate for the loss?
It is still a mystery who wrote the letter.
Someone will do that job.
Who looks after the children?
Who is behind the plot?
Who painted these pictures?
Whoever may say so, it is wrong.
Who wrote this book?
Who has torn the envelope open?
Who made the doll?
Who made this plan?
Somebody, open this door, please.
Tell whoever comes that I'm out.
It smells as though someone has been smoking in here.
Someone entered the room.
Somebody must care for the patient.
He heard someone calling for help.
Someone grabbed me from behind.
Someone seems to be calling me.
Someone hit me on the back.
Somebody took away my bag.
Someone is at the front door.
Someone is calling you.
Someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake.
If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
If anyone should phone, say I'll be back at one o'clock.
Someone has left a bag on the bench.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Somebody is playing the piano. It must be Ann.
They had been dancing for an hour when there was a knock on the door.
Someone is battering at the door.
Someone is tapping at the door.
He thought someone had put poison in his soup.
Someone has torn two pages out of this book.
Someone tried to poison our dog's food.
Who teaches you French?
Someone must have left it there.
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
Can somebody get that?
Who taught you how to dance?
I feel listless and have a throbbing headache.
The tarantula seized its victim very quickly.
It's duck soup for a girl of easy virtue to find a new man.
It goes without saying that diligence is the key to success.
Mr Tamori, may I introduce Mr Sanma Akashiya?
The telephone is out of order, Mr Tamori.
A sigh fell from her lips.
Don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
He who hesitates is lost.
Without a moment's hesitation, they took drastic action against the conspiracy.
Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say.
Rather than doing any good, the rain did a great deal of harm to the crop.
Any book will do as long as it is instructive.
I was afraid it would not work out well and sure enough it failed.
Try solving the problem.
Let's take it for a month on trial.
No, don't go yet.
No! After you do your homework, you can watch television.
The villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam.
There was a water mill below the dam.
The dam gave way and sent a great flush of water down the valley.
Pipe down, otherwise you will be hauled out.
Tama sometimes goes for a walk by himself.
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
Sometimes her free manner seems rude.
It's no crime to skip breakfast once in a while.
It's no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while.
You can't just work all day every day. You need to take a vacation once in a while.
Sometimes it's good for a married couple to go to a hot spring together—just the two of them.
Use your head for a change.
Once in a while, I visit the theater.
Why don't you dine out with me for a change?
I have to get out once in a while.
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
You need to enjoy yourself and have fun once in a while.
How about dining out for a change?
Get out and have good clean fun once in a while.
Let's dine out for a change.
Come and see me once in a while.
Once in a while, the prophet indulges in fantasy.
More have repented speech than silence.
It happened that her husband was a dentist.
It happened that I was in her room.
It happened that I knew her by sight.
It so happened that they were not there.
It happened that he was ill.
It chances that he is off duty today.
It happened that he was out.
It fell out that he could not come in time.
It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street.
That topic is too intimate to share with casual acquaintances.
As it happened, I had no money with me.
It happened that we met at the station.
It happened that we were in London.
It happened that I met her in Tokyo.
I chanced to see him in town.
As it happens, I have left the book at home.
He was evidently surprised when he came across me.
It so happens that today is my birthday.
Mike happened to have been absent from school.
I had a chance to meet him in Paris.
It happened that the train was delayed on account of snow.
It so happened that he was absent from school that day.
It happened that the day was my birthday.
There happened to be a train accident early that morning.
It happened that I met her at the station yesterday.
It so happened that I had no money with me.
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
Just take my word for it.
You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
Stop shooting the breeze and get to work!
It is likely to rain tomorrow.
It is probable that she will come.
Perhaps she doesn't remember my birthday.
I should say he is a little angry.
Maybe the impulse was working upon her subconscious.
They'll probably come by car.
Maybe he will be a good teacher.
The chances are that he will succeed.
The chances are that he will win.
There is a chance that he will pass the exam.
He will probably forget to return my book.
It may be that he will never be famous.
Probably he will come soon.
Chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
It is possible that he may know the fact.
It is likely that he has made such a careless mistake.
It is probable that he forgot about it.
He may well be right.
I guess that would be all right.
The chances are that the boss will send you to California.
Possibly, the accident will delay his arrival.
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
Doubtless you have heard the news.
The tea leaves all point to a merger, if you ask me.
It's going to rain.
Maybe, but I can't catch the drift of even simple situations.
Maybe, but he wants me to stop cold turkey.
I guess that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
In all probability, the cabinet will fall.
In all probability, the money will not be paid.
I dare say you are right.
Maybe he has lots of girlfriends.
Perhaps it will snow tomorrow.
I should say he won't come.
The chances are that you can pass the test.
I've reserved a double.
I'd like a double room.
I'd like a double with a bath.
Double, please.
You're tough.
Loose jackets are the latest fad.
I have been there scores of times.
You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
Why don't you give up smoking?
Each package contains a score of cigarettes.
I want to get cigarettes.
67% of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking.
I wish I could give up smoking.
Put out your cigarette. Smoking's not permitted here.
You must stop smoking.
You will live longer if you don't smoke.
Don't you smoke?
I'd rather you didn't smoke so much.
Would you mind not smoking?
Do you mind my smoking?
Smoking is permitted.
Do you mind if I smoke?
I don't mind if you smoke.
Would you mind if I smoke?
The number of people who smoke is increasing, so cancer will soon be the most common cause of death.
Stop smoking.
It is often pointed out that smoking is a danger to health.
Smoking does you harm.
It is not good for the health to smoke too much.
He made a resolve to stop smoking.
To give up smoking is not easy, but you should for the sake of your health.
I long for a smoke.
You'd better give up smoking.
If George doesn't stop smoking, he will run the risk of developing lung cancer.
Please give up smoking.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, sir, why don't you just give them up?
Smokers are asked to occupy the rear seats.
Let me have a cigarette.
Smoking does much harm but no good.
For thy sake, tobacco, I would do anything but die.
Smoking has affected his health.
Tobacco acts on the brain.
You must not smoke.
Keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health.
The argument that smoking is injurious has become accepted.
Smoking is dangerous to health.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health.
Smoking is not good for the health.
Smoking is bad for your health.
I don't smoke.
I give my pledge that I will quit smoking.
He says he will not give up smoking.
I prefer cigarettes smoked on the porch.
It's hard to shake the smoking habit.
You are requested not to smoke.
Would you mind if I smoked?
You should smoke less.
Excessive smoking will injure your health.
Would you please put out your cigarette?
Cigarette smoke fouls the air in a room.
Tobacco smoke is productive of cancer.
A new tax has been imposed on cigarettes.
There is a heavy tax on tobacco.
Let this smoky air out of the room and let some fresh air in.
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
Every time cigarettes go up in price, many people try to give up smoking.
I was aching for a cigarette.
Please forget this, for the love of God.
Danny has no sense of beauty.
Actually, that's what I thought.
I want to study abroad, even if my parents are against it.
I would keep waiting for you if I had to stay awake past midnight.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
Even if you are busy, you should keep your promise.
I don't mind even if she doesn't come.
Even if she comes to see me, tell her I am not at home.
Whatever she says, I don't believe her.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
I will be friendly to him even if he doesn't like me.
Don't trust him, whatever he says.
No matter what he says, I'll never believe him again.
She believes him, whatever he says.
Let him be a great statesman, I don't admire him.
Even if he doesn't come here, I'll go on waiting for him.
I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
Even if pigs were to fly in the air, I would believe her.
I will go, be the weather what it may.
Whomever you may ask, you can't get a satisfactory answer.
Whoever telephones, tell him I'm out.
No matter who says so, I don't believe it.
Whoever may say so, I don't believe it.
Even if there is a convention, I shouldn't ask them for so much money.
I will go even if it should rain heavily.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never agree to your plan.
If the sun were to rise in the west, I would not break my word.
I always buy a top quality product even if it is slightly more expensive.
I have a watch that is nice, if not new.
A watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all.
If he fails, so what?
Even if you have your own way, you will not always be successful.
If not confidently, at least hopefully.
If I am dull, I am at least industrious.
Even if we do this, it will be another sixty years before the Antarctic ozone hole is repaired.
Even though I was right, he got the best of me.
Even if I am wrong, you are not quite right.
Even if he is in trouble, Mac is always optimistic.
You have another chance even if you fail this time.
All people can become friends, even if their languages and customs are different.
Even if you make great efforts, you won't be able to achieve it.
Granting you were drunk, I cannot excuse you.
Even if you stop me, I won't change my mind.
Whatever you may say, I will not change my opinion.
Even if you don't like music, you'll enjoy his concert.
He didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving.
Even though he is learned, I can't respect him.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
I'll follow you, come hell or high water.
Go through fire and water.
Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
Live where she may, she always enjoys her surroundings.
No matter what you may do, you must do your best.
Even when she thought about something else, ideas of death returned to her mind.
Whatever happens, you must keep calm.
No matter what may happen, I am always prepared for it.
Don't change your plans, whatever happens.
No matter what happens, you must be here by nine.
No matter what happens, I am prepared.
I will go cycling even if it rains.
Even though it is raining, he will play golf.
Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
I will go there even if it rains.
I have to go even if it rains.
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Even if it rains, the game will be played.
Even if it rains, I'll start.
The game will be played even if it rains.
The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
Even though it is raining, I don't care at all.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
Even if you are not to blame, you should apologize.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
Ball games, such as basketball and ping-pong, are usually played indoors.
For instance, bowing is peculiar to us, the Japanese.
Take, for instance, your family problems.
How many samples, for example?
For example, he speaks German, French and English.
For example, Koko was asked to choose a house or a tree for shelter from the rain.
For example, they do not have to go to a stadium to see the World Series or the Super Bowl because they can enjoy watching the games in their own living rooms.
Whatever story I tell, Mother believes me.
No weather was severe enough to keep him indoors.
She paints every day no matter how busy she is.
No matter how long it takes, I will finish the job.
However hard you may study, you can't master English in a year or so.
Try as you may, you can't do it in a day.
No amount of money can buy happiness.
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.
Whichever you choose, you cannot lose.
Whichever bus you may take, you can get to the station.
Wherever you may go, you can't succeed without perseverance.
Go where you will, you can't hope for success without effort.
No matter where you live, you would find it difficult not to laugh at, say, Charlie Chaplin's early films.
There are few, if any, such men.
Even if it is true, it matters little.
Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
Even if the performance is good, I still say we drop the project.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
Even though you don't like this, you must eat it.
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give money to him.
You must do the work, even if you do not like it.
Whenever you visit him, you will find him playing video games.
The millionaire insisted on acquiring the masterpiece no matter how much it cost.
Even if you go far away, let's keep in touch with each other over the phone.
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
Even if it takes you three years, you must accomplish your goal.
Even if it costs 10,000 yen, I must buy the dictionary.
Even if it takes me ten years, I am determined to accomplish the job.
Were the sun to rise in the west, she would not change her resolution.
Even if you boss attacks you and tells you to go away, you should make your point.
I want to get the word out - even if you don't have a lot of clothes you can enjoy dressing more fashionably by mixing and matching.
There is no accounting for tastes.
Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York.
Because we'll all fall down on the cold ground.
Because you're a sweet and lovely girl.
They live there.
The lights went out just now.
I heard a shot just now.
I've just finished my work.
I want you to take back what you said just now.
A fishing boat put off just now.
I've just come back.
It began raining just now.
I only just saw the accident.
I was just mugged.
Only one little daughter did they have.
Not a single word did he say.
A mere 529 spectators watched the game.
No more than 50 people came.
They're only $50 with two cans of shoe polish free of charge.
It took little more than an hour.
You just messed up once. You don't need to agonize over it.
It only costs $10.00!
Could you tell me the way to Madame Tussaud's?
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs.
Dachshund sausages first became popular in New York, especially at baseball games.
An ostrich does not fly through the air.
Ostriches are incapable of flight.
The ostrich has wings, but it cannot fly.
An ostrich can not fly any more than a kangaroo can.
The panic spread through the district in an instant.
I could see nothing but fog.
Just keep on walking.
You should never look down on a person merely because he is poor.
You have only to believe him.
Just imitate what he does.
You can just call me Taro.
All you have to do is to cultivate the ability to put yourself in the other fellow's place.
Some read books just to pass time.
She left me simply because I had a small income.
We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
We are currently experiencing some turbulence.
We are full just now.
They are merely different.
Fine words butter no parsnips.
Merely to breathe does not mean to live.
He could do nothing but watch.
We can but wait for the results.
He is just pulling your leg.
One can no more write good English than one can compose good music, merely by keeping the rules.
You've just been down in the dumps.
Only one careless mistake cost the company millions of dollars.
I was waiting all alone.
My sole idea was to get there as fast as possible.
The only way was to ask her for help.
The only solution is for her to give up the plan.
You never get something for nothing.
You can't get anything for nothing.
One mistake will cost a person his life.
You probably just have a cold.
It's just a trick of the wind.
How about giving me a promotion from just-a-friend to boyfriend?
I would hate to become just a housewife.
Not a word did he speak.
You may have it for nothing.
It was bad enough that he usually came to work late, but coming in drunk was the last straw, and I'm going to have to let him go.
You can have this book for nothing.
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
We must act at once.
I want you to go to Osaka at once.
We must carry out the plan at once.
He just drones on and on but hardly even touches on what we need to know for the test.
If it does not rain.
However, you have to queue...
All that I was looking for was somebody who looked like you.
He lost his position just because he refused to tell a lie.
The line is busy now. Please hold the line.
The line is busy now.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
We're out of stock now.
I will be with you right away.
They are now sitting in conference on that question.
Appear before us now.
The line is engaged.
I'm home, Mom!
He came only as a witness to the light.
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning.
I think it's worth asking.
I don't want to be made a cat's paw.
I think that it was probably Friday of last week.
She is not pretty, to be sure, but she is very clever.
Indeed he is rich, but he is not reliable.
It's true that there are fewer children due to the falling birthrate, and there are fewer children in the school, but that is all to the good.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
The kite went upward.
The octopus is in the sea.
The kite got caught in the tree.
But I never had you.
But I have an appointment with my client tomorrow.
Takeshi promised to help me with my homework, but at the last minute he let me down.
Takeshi raised his hand to ask a question.
Takeshi looked very much like one of my friends.
Takeshi hopes to go to London to study English.
Takeshi keeps a diary in English.
Takeshi is making great progress with math.
Takeo is quite a good fellow in his way.
Takeshi carried on his hard work.
Takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
Takuya told me to start at once.
Have you ever been to Hawaii, Takuya?
I will share with you in the cost of the taxi.
It'll be quicker to walk than to take a taxi.
It's faster to reserve a taxi.
I had a little difficulty in getting a taxi.
I had trouble getting a taxi.
I held up my hand to stop a taxi.
It will cost at least 2000 yen to take a taxi.
Before we get out of the taxi, we pay the fare.
Let's get out of the taxi.
Could you please get me a taxi?
Will you please call me a taxi?
Would you like me to get you a cab?
I'll call you a taxi.
Would you like me to call a taxi?
The taxi picked up two passengers.
The taxi stopped dead at the traffic signal.
What time does the cab leave for the airport?
The taxi seemed to go as slowly as a snail.
No taxi stopped.
It was careless of you to leave your camera in the taxi.
If there weren't so many taxis, there would be fewer traffic accidents.
If you want the taxi driver to have a tip, hand him too much money and say, "Keep the change."
Yesterday night, I shared a cab with Paris Hilton.
Let's take a taxi.
Why don't we take a taxi?
Taking a taxi is a luxury for me.
Shall we take a taxi?
It was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the taxi.
I left my umbrella in the cab.
I would as soon walk as take a taxi.
Which is quicker, a taxi or the subway?
Let's go by taxi, shall we?
I would rather walk than go by taxi.
I think you should go by taxi.
You ought to go by taxi, or you might not get there in time.
It's more economical to go by bus instead of taking a taxi.
The taxi has arrived.
A taxi drew up at the main gate.
The taxi drew up to me.
As our taxi broke down on the way, we had to walk to the station.
The taxi is waiting outside.
Taxis stood in a rank in front of the station.
If there are no taxis, we'll have to walk.
There being no taxis available, we walked home.
As there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
There being no taxis, I had to walk.
I want a lot.
It is nice to have a lot of friends.
There are many books, aren't there?
I've had enough, so my stomach is full.
The more you have, the more you want.
There were lots of bundles, but they weren't thousand-dollar bills.
You have made many mistakes.
Lots of famous people come here.
Many famous artists live in New York.
A host of friends came to see me off.
A lot of trees were cut down.
Many a book is published, but of them only a very few are worth reading.
Though many books are published, hardly a few of them are of value.
A lot of treasure was brought over to this country.
There used to be a pond here where you could see many swans.
Many beautiful flowers bloom in spring.
I saw a lot of birds flying toward the south.
Many birds are on the branch.
A lot of insects are chirping in the field.
Many boats are sailing on the sea.
A lot of insects vanished overnight.
Many little red birds always sing merrily in the trees.
A lot of students look up to Mr Brown.
Many stars are twinkling in the sky.
Much water is needed.
A lot of people went by on the main street.
A great many people were opposed to gene therapy in terms of ethics.
A bunch of people thrust their way toward the rear exit.
Dozens of people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
Plenty of people were waiting for the bus.
Many people were deceived by the advertisement.
Lots of people took part in the marathon.
A crowd of people were present at a party.
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
Numbers of people came from all over the country.
Many people were waiting in line.
A lot of people were waiting for him.
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
A lot of people were killed in the war.
A number of people die in traffic accidents.
Quite a few people attended the opening ceremony of the new bridge.
Quite a few people went to the concert.
There are a lot of people walking there.
A lot of boys ran after the rabbit.
Many boys and girls were present.
A lot of boys are running in the park.
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
A lot of funds are necessary to travel.
Many children were playing in the park.
A lot of children gathered in the garden.
Lots of leftovers remained inside.
There are many tall buildings.
He saw something behind a lot of old boxes.
A lot of policemen guarded the hall.
Dozens of students gathered there.
A lot of fish perished.
A lot of students do part-time jobs.
After running up so many flights of steps, she was completely out of breath.
Many paintings hang in the shop.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
Many yachts are in the harbor.
Many European people are aware of environmental problems.
Many swallows will come soon from the south.
A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
A lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up.
Much money is spent every day.
Although he had many toys, his greed made him want more.
Many dogs are alive.
As a matter of fact, all great discoverers have been regarded as dreamers.
Yet today only about 15 percent of American families follow this pattern.
But now, nothing is left for me.
You are wrong, however.
But for you I'll always be insignificant.
So it is essential that you take the attitude of looking up yourself the information you feel necessary.
So he went in.
So there is a magnetic field around earth.
Who do you think will be chosen?
That's why I told you not to go by car.
So I put the book away.
So I will see him running on the way to school today.
I tried to tell you.
So we'd better stay home.
So fuckin' what.
So I'll get you something to eat.
So what? It doesn't matter to me.
So I can make music.
That's why I told you not to go by yourself.
Now stop crying.
So they ought to have arrived here by now.
Pigeons can find their way home with the help of the Earth's magnetic field.
So the pigeon can feel the magnetic field on its head, but it can't feel the Earth's magnetic field.
Not that I have any objection.
So I ran to my father's restaurant.
So, it isn't hot at all.
So nobody bothered about me.
So, players were often seriously injured and sometimes even killed in these rough games.
However, my father used to fool around with women a lot.
The hawk circled round in the sky.
But "experiment" is not the appropriate word.
However, as living standards gradually came to rise, more and more people began to have their own bathrooms at home.
But, she has never offered much excitement in the bedroom.
But Bill interrupted the story saying: "Banana".
But you have saved the best till now.
And yet, in the "real adult world" there are a lot of competitions.
The towel counted for nothing.
Shake off the towels.
Dry your face with a towel.
The delicate, graceful flowers are in bloom.
I rediscovered the importance of constant efforts.
The Dow Jones average posted a gain of two points today.
The Dow plunged 35 points and then bottomed out.
What number is the downtown train?
Where is the bus stop for downtown?
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
There are many hotels downtown.
The word downtown refers to the business quarter of any town.
How about Thai food?
We could meet downtown. Would that be convenient for you?
The data collected in Tyrel's research is of great value both to administrators and to educators.
Direct marketing is a means of allowing people to shop from home.
I have to change tires.
Can I dial directly?
You don't see many dial phones around anymore.
Nothing is as hard as a diamond.
Diamond is essentially hard.
Diamonds are a girl's best friends.
The hardness of diamond is such that it can cut glass.
The hardness of diamond is 10.
The diamond shone brightly.
Tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface.
I'm not wearing a diamond ring, but I'm happy.
We found a nail stuck in the tire.
Could you check the tire pressure?
If you pump air into a tire it expands.
I pumped up the tire.
I must put some air in the tire.
Fill the tires with air.
The timetable was disrupted.
The tire leaks air.
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
I got a flat tire.
Have you read the article about Asia in Time?
Let's take time out to elaborate a strategy.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
Could you bring me a Time magazine?
Do you have Time magazine?
I'll punch the clock.
It has become very warm.
It's a very good newspaper, isn't it?
There were so many people.
It was a very, very hot night.
To our great annoyance, he barged in on our party.
Although it is a very difficult task, I will do my best.
It was a very cold winter.
Much to my surprise, my song appealed to many young people.
I am sorry that I have troubled you so much.
"Thank you very much", she said with a smile.
It is getting rather late. I think I must be going now.
The pain has mostly gone away.
It has become quite autumnal.
Can I use your typewriter?
You can type, can't you?
The typist tried to erase the error.
She got a job as a typist.
The divers found a wreck on the sea-bed.
Do you have any other guidebooks about Thailand?
The dynamite went off with a bang.
In Thailand, people use coconuts for food, drink and toys.
In Thailand it has already become too dry to grow rice in some parts of the country.
In Thailand, bringing up the children isn't the father's responsibility; it's entirely up to the mother.
I usually walk.
I usually have a glass of milk for breakfast.
I usually get up late.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
We usually go out for drinking parties.
I usually ride my bike to school. I mean to the office.
Most workers get an automatic pay raise every year.
I get most things at the stores.
The clinical records in most hospitals are kept in alphabetical order.
Most developing countries are suffering from overpopulation.
Most Japanese live on rice.
Most Japanese drink water from the tap.
Don't you think most Japanese students work hard?
Most Japanese temples are made of wood.
Most birds can see only by day.
Most boys take after their fathers.
Most boys like computer games.
Most college students use computers mainly for writing papers.
Most people live in pursuit of happiness.
People feel most at ease when they are at home.
Most people like to see in pictures what they would like to see in reality.
I think most people are better off now than they used to be.
Most people like summer, but as for me, I like winter much better.
Most people like watching TV.
Most people retire at the age of sixty.
Most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune.
The lives of most people are determined by their environment.
Most people think so.
In most cases we had to give in to their demands.
Parents are usually concerned about their children's future.
Most boys know his name.
Most women make much of fashion.
Most women are not so young as they are painted.
Most employees expect a pay raise once a year.
Most girls are kind.
Most work is not very pleasant.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Women live longer than men in most countries.
Most whales feed on plankton.
Most students study hard.
Most students come to school on foot.
Most students do the sights of Kyoto on their school excursion.
Most students like sports.
Most students are doing preparation for the term examination.
Most living creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
The British people in general are extremely fond of their pets.
Most Europeans cannot tell a Japanese from a Chinese.
In most sports the team that practice hardest usually brings home the bacon.
Most Americans like hamburgers.
Most people here have really hit the skids.
I usually gas up the car at this service station.
More often than not, famine is accompanied by plague.
In most cases, car accidents result from lack of sleep.
More often than not, students prefer club activities to academic classes.
The Titanic sunk on its maiden voyage.
It was in 1912 that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
You're about right.
On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
About how much will it cost?
About how long will it take?
It's about 8 kilometers away.
It's almost six o'clock.
I am sorry I have imposed so much on you.
She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.
We didn't have much trouble.
They had not gone very far when they met an old man.
We didn't have much fun.
That doesn't matter.
Hotshot!
It isn't much of a car.
I'd like a daiquiri.
In most cases, his answers are right.
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
There's little chance of keeping slim, unless you stick to a diet.
The chocolate cake tempted her even though she was dieting.
Dieting takes up so much human endeavor with so little to show for it.
How's your diet kick?
She's lost a lot of weight since she went on a diet.
Why don't you go on a diet?
Diane is your half-sister too, George.
The diamond was set in a gold ring.
The tar won't come off. I'm going to have to take this skirt to the dry cleaner.
Go out of the terminal and turn right.
Please stay seated until we reach the terminal.
Derby Day is Wednesday fortnight.
Mr Turner bade farewell to his colleagues.
We buy eggs by the dozen.
Turner stands out among the painters of his time.
Darwin studied the animals and birds different from those he knew in England.
Darwin wrote "the Origin of Species".
Have you studied Darwin's theory of evolution?
This revision of Darwin's ideas came under fire from academic positions.
We associate the name of Darwin with The Origin of Species.
Da Vinci could see farther than others.
The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
The USSR will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort.
The Soviet Union took a hostile attitude toward us.
I cannot help laughing to hear such a story.
I don't want to know that kind of story.
You must be very naive to be taken in by such a story.
He must be crazy to talk like that.
Such a case is not uncommon today.
It is fortunate that you have such parents.
Don't keep company with such a selfish man.
You ought not to sit up so late.
You shouldn't read such useless books.
It is dangerous to drive so fast.
I have never heard of anyone by the name.
Don't beat your head against a stone wall.
You don't have to obey such a law.
Do not read such a book.
I might as well die as lead such a life.
He will never get anywhere with that prejudiced idea.
That would bring only a small price.
Don't tell me off like that.
To behave like that, he must be out of his mind.
Let's not think like that.
Don't talk back to me like that.
That would be twenty-seven words instead of four, and while the bare message of the longer statement would be understood, the persuasive force would be lost.
It is stupid of him to behave like that.
That's how I came to know her.
Don't talk like that.
Don't repeat such a careless mistake.
Don't make such careless mistakes.
Such a strange thing is not likely to happen.
I've never seen such a beautiful flower.
Don't give me such a sad look.
Such words are so typical for him.
You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
They must be crazy to believe such nonsense.
It is no use arguing with such a foolish man.
How can you say such a foolish thing?
That's impossible.
I would not have said such a nonsense.
You can't fool me with your honeyed words.
It is clever of her to solve such a difficult problem.
Don't ask such hard questions.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
I didn't know you were that kind of a person.
That's the damnedest story I ever heard.
Such a proposal would only be turned down immediately.
You don't have to wince like that. I'll fix it so it doesn't hurt.
If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
I have no time to listen to such everyday affairs.
Don't keep company with such a man.
I can't finish the job in so short a time.
How careless you are to forget such an important thing!
You should not speak so loud.
Don't talk so loud.
I'm concerned whether or not I can handle a big job like that.
I cannot afford to pay so much.
I've never seen so big a dog.
Now, quit being so blasé about this.
There can be no joy in that idle life.
You don't have to stand on ceremony with me.
Please don't walk so fast. I can't keep pace with you.
We have no such example.
People would sell their souls to hear the concert from those seats.
I can't imagine such a life.
I might as well die as marry such a man.
Nobody can get along with such a person.
You should not keep company with such people.
You must not behave so.
Such a judge may as well retire from his job.
I couldn't bear to see such a scene.
You ought not to go to such a place.
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
She was the last person I expected to see in such a place.
Don't worry about such a trifle thing.
It isn't worthwhile going there.
You don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
I hadn't bargained on such a heavy traffic jam.
Don't trifle with such serious matters.
I would as soon stay where I am as go to such a place.
You can't fool me with a trick like that.
I wouldn't let a goof-up like that get to you. People have short memories and the one good thing about gossip is that it's short-lived.
Put me in touch with her.
You don't have to tell me that, fool.
Sleep off the problem.
Such incidents are quite common.
I didn't expect that to come from you.
Pardon me for saying so.
It is bold of you to say such a thing.
It's thoughtless of her to say so.
He must be crazy to say such a thing.
It is foolish of you to say such a thing.
You must be out of your mind to say that.
She must be a fool to say so.
It is typical of him to say such a thing.
It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
You will be taken for an ill-mannered person if you do so.
You must be a fool to do such a thing.
It was careless of me to do something like that.
He is wise enough not to do such a thing.
Don't go out of your way.
The mother told her daughter to do it herself.
Forget about that right now.
Oh, don't worry about that.
For him, that will be like taking candy from a baby.
I thought as much.
You know I can't.
There is no advantage in doing that.
Don't be too hard on me.
Such a childish plan is bound to fail.
How did you come by such a job?
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
It is foolish to read such a magazine.
You may as well take a nap as read such a magazine.
Such a trivial thing is out of the question.
There's no sense acting all triumphant like a conquering hero over such a minor thing.
I can't buy a book this expensive.
I would buy it, except that it costs too much.
You need not have bought such an expensive book.
I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
Such a behavior gives rise to problem.
Give up such ideas.
There is no excuse for such behavior.
That idea never presented itself to me.
It is not proper that you talk that way.
We have seldom seen such a sight!
It is stupid of you to make such a mistake.
She was stupid to make such a mistake.
There are few, if any, such mistakes.
You can't believe a word of it.
Such an old fan would be next to useless.
Like is hardly the word.
That excuse will not do.
Don't put it that way.
You're making yourself appear cheap.
We shall never agree on such a careless plan.
Put the plan on the scrap heap.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
Such a plan can hardly succeed.
Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
Do not say such foolish things.
The young man must have felt very desperate when he resorted to such a terrible act.
I don't feel like it.
I've never heard of such a strange story.
I don't want to take risks.
Can such a strange thing be real?
You ought to know better than to go to such a dangerous place.
You shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place.
Don't make such a mistake.
It was careless of him to make such a mistake.
You should avoid making such a mistake.
I couldn't think up such a brief explanation.
Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas.
You must not keep company with such a mean fellow.
Stop telling those filthy stories.
If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
Some people would question the truth of such rumors.
He is the lowest of the low to tell such a lie.
I am not having any of those lies.
Such a bad custom should be done away with.
We have to do away with such a bad custom.
Such evil customs should be done away with.
Don't keep company with such a bad boy.
We should do away with such a bad custom.
That's why I was absent from school yesterday.
That's why ostrich meat costs more than twice as much as beef and pork.
That being the case, he had little to say.
That is why I was late for class yesterday.
You wouldn't gain anything by a method like that.
I don't give a damn about it!
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
There's no use making such a thing.
He says nobody cares for a thing like that.
Never have I seen such a thing.
Such a thing cannot be found everywhere.
If you bite at it, you're a fool.
I don't believe such things exist.
It was childish of him to behave like that.
You will debase yourself by such behavior.
It's characteristic of him to behave like that.
I've never been spoken to like that.
That's how he got away from prison.
It's mean of you to talk that way.
That is how the accident occurred.
Stop staring at me like that.
Never have I heard so terrible a story.
Never in my life have I seen such a terrible accident.
It can't be right. He's still on vacation in Hawaii.
If you do such a foolish thing, people will laugh at you.
Is he mad that he should say such a foolish thing?
Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists.
Put away such a foolish idea.
Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
That's a piece of pie.
You knew it wouldn't.
Don't worry about that.
That's just an excuse.
That's for suckers.
You want to leave it like that?
It was out of the ordinary for Chris to behave so roughly.
Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
You ought not to stay up so late.
Wondering what makes it so fascinating.
I'll have to fire you if you come late so often.
I will have to fire you if you come late so often.
When someone speaks with such rhetorical flourish, it starts to sound like they're lying.
You shouldn't speak so ill of him.
In such thin clothes, are you warm enough?
How can you benefit by being so unpleasant?
What's the sense of working so hard?
There's no need to get so angry. Keep your temper.
Don't be so angry.
He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
You had better not sit up so late.
You mustn't stay out that late.
There's no need to speak so loud.
You don't have to cry out. I can hear you.
I had not waited long before the bus came.
Don't walk so fast.
Don't speak so fast, please.
Don't walk so fast! I can't keep up with you.
Running so fast is impossible for me.
Don't run so fast.
Don't speak so fast.
Don't run down the stairs so noisily.
Don't make so much noise.
He said to me, 'Don't make such a noise.'
Don't make such a noise!
Please don't speak so fast.
You need not have come so early.
You did not need to come so early.
Don't walk so fast. I can't keep up with you.
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast. You're making the baby sick!
I'm not accustomed to getting up so early.
You need not have got up so early.
You needn't go too early, need you?
It is abnormal to eat so much.
If you eat so much, you'll get sick.
Don't eat so much. You'll get fat.
Don't cut your classes so often.
It is a great pity that he died so young.
Slow down or you're going to work yourself sick.
Where are you going in such a hurry? We've got plenty of time, so drive safely.
I didn't mean to sound so harsh.
Please don't look at me like that.
There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
Do not vary your plan so often.
Don't get so excited!
Don't push me very hard. It's dangerous.
Don't hit me so hard.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
Nobody anticipated such a sharp decline in interest rates.
You need not have come in such a hurry.
Don't be in such a hurry.
There's no need to get so angry.
Rarely have I met such a graceful dancer.
You don't have to give yourself such airs.
Don't raise my hopes like that.
Little did I dream of hearing such a merry song.
It's not so far.
Please don't make so much noise.
You need not have come all the way from such a distant place.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll get sick.
That makes no difference.
You should have come here sooner instead of putting it off out of pride for so long.
We need not have eaten breakfast so early.
You should not look to others for help so easily.
You ought not to smoke so much.
It's folly to eat so much.
You shouldn't smoke so much.
All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
You have given me so many.
You must be hungry to eat so much rice.
Don't change your mind so often.
Don't make such a sour face.
If you go on drinking so much, you may well end up an alcoholic.
Don't eat like a pig.
Don't be such a hothead. A short temper will cost you.
Don't worry about money so much.
We'll get along without that much money somehow.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
Cut out the nonsense, will you?
You don't have to use such a harsh tone with me.
I didn't quite catch the name of that designer.
I didn't mean it.
Don't bother me with such foolish questions.
Don't worry about such a silly thing.
It was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles.
Don't worry about such a trifle.
Don't bother your parents with such a trivial thing.
Don't look so fiercely at me.
Don't bother me with such trifles.
Don't worry about such a trivial problem.
You need not fret over such trifles.
That can't be true.
I am blessed if I know it.
Don't take it literally. He is inclined to exaggerate.
Such a thing is of no account.
I can scarcely believe it.
That's easy for you to say.
Don't say that.
You ought not to say such a thing.
Don't give me that.
Stop saying that!
I'd be crazy to expect such a thing.
I never heard anything like that.
It is not characteristic of you to say such a thing to her.
You must on no account do such a thing.
It is foolish of me not to think of that.
Don't worry about such a thing.
You ought not to say such things in public.
I don't like those who say so.
If you say so, you are telling a lie.
It makes my head swim to hear you say that.
It's below her to say such a thing.
It is rude of you to say so.
It's the height of madness to say so.
She must be stupid to say such a thing.
It is heartless of him to say so.
It is careless of you to say such things.
You are foolish to say such a thing.
Have you lost your sense to say so?
It is beneath him to say such a thing.
Have you lost your senses to say so?
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
You've got a nerve to say such a thing!
If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
If you do that, you will be cheating.
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
That is beneath ordinary decency.
It would be foolish, not to say mad, to do such a thing.
He must be crazy that he should do so.
How stupid of me to do so!
What a thoughtless man to do that!
I blush to think of such conduct.
It is wicked of you to do such things.
Do you have the conscience to do such a thing?
Are you mad that you should do such a thing?
To do so is asking for trouble.
It was very careless of her to do such a thing.
He must be crazy to do such a thing.
He must be a fool to do so.
He cannot be an honest man to do such a thing.
What a fool I was to do such a thing!
It is characteristic of him to do such a thing.
You will catch it if you do such a thing.
I might as well die as do such a thing.
I might as well starve as do such a thing.
What is the good of doing it?
It's nonsense to try that.
It will not add anything to the situation.
If you do that kind of thing, it's not fair to her.
Were we to do such a thing, we should be punished.
If you do that, it will only bring about a contrary effect.
I'm sorry for what I did.
Trying to do such a thing is a waste of time.
That won't make any difference.
That sort of thing should be done away with.
I've never heard of such a thing.
It is absolutely impossible.
That's a matter of course.
I'll be hanged if it's true.
Never in my life have I heard or seen such a thing.
I don't give a damn about it.
Such a thing has happened many a time to me.
Such things are beyond my powers.
It would have been better if you had left it unsaid.
That's to me like a flower on lofty heights.
I don't go in for that sort of thing.
You'll regret having said those words.
That doesn't give you grounds for complaining.
Not hardly. He eats like a goat.
I don't want to get involved in that sort of thing.
I don't want to get involved in that business.
So, I don't know what to do next spring.
You don't have to worry about a thing like that.
He is nothing less than a thief to do such a thing.
Don't get excited about such a thing.
There is no time to quarrel over such a thing.
What's the point?
I was fool enough to do so.
I wouldn't dream of letting you do that.
I'll be damned if it's true.
Do you think it likely?
That cannot be true.
I will see that such a thing does not come to pass again.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
He must be stupid not to see such a thing.
Don't let that happen again!
I do nothing of the kind.
It's as easy as pie.
If only I had a pretty dress like that!
People ask me 'why would you want to cherish a piece of junk like that?' But this little beauty means the world to me.
Nobody will believe that rumor.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat a little slower.
I don't know how such a rumor got about.
Don't degrade yourself by telling such a lie.
Happy were the students who had such a good teacher.
My artisan pride cannot tolerate such sloppiness.
I cannot accept an excuse like that.
How did you hit upon such an idea?
It's time to get down to business.
It's about time for dinner.
It's about time we went back.
It is time you get down to work.
It is high time we said good-bye.
It is time you told her the truth.
It's about time for him to get here.
It's almost time to go to bed.
It's about time we went to bed.
I think I have to begin working on my homework.
I'm afraid I have to go now.
It's about time.
I think I have to get moving with some work for the exams.
We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
It's about time you sent the children to bed.
Hadn't we better be going soon?
Let's be going now.
I'm taking off now.
It's time you faced reality.
It is about time you went to school.
It's about time I was going home.
We'd better go home now.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to program.
It's about time we brought this party to an end, isn't it?
It's about time you set about cleaning the table.
I think it's time to wind up this meeting.
It's almost time for the guest to arrive.
It is time I left here.
Pick it up.
It is about time I was going.
Turn it off.
From that time on, they came to love each other.
They have never been heard of since.
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
He has led a loose life since then.
He has never been heard of since.
We have never heard from him since.
I have never heard from him since.
Our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then.
We have been friends ever since.
Have you been here since?
It has been very fine since then.
Three years have passed since then.
Since then she couldn't look up to her mother.
He has not been heard of since.
I had never seen a more beautiful sight.
Have you any further questions?
You can't expect more than that.
Beyond that I cannot help you.
I couldn't bear any more insults.
You won't find a better job in a hurry.
He led a hard life after that.
I haven't seen her since then.
I cannot take less.
It is far from easy to understand it.
We need some clues to understand it.
To understand it, you have only to read this book.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
Let it be done by six this evening.
Send it by mail.
Will you send it by mail?
Please bring it back tomorrow.
It was careless of her to forget it.
Just wrap it up.
Let's get it over with.
Let me hear it.
I am sad to hear it.
It made my blood boil to hear that.
When she heard that, she turned pale.
As soon as he heard of it, he hastened to the spot.
She felt like crying upon hearing that.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
I'm very glad to hear that.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I am indeed very glad to hear that.
My resolution was shaken when I heard about it.
I'm sorry to hear it.
I sighed with relief to hear it.
I am very much relieved to know that.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I'd like to see that in black and white.
In order to share it, we'll have to tear it into two pieces.
Will you explain it in plain English?
I will keep it in my bosom.
Cut it in half.
Don't blame it on her.
He has enough money to buy it.
I have no money to buy it.
It cost him five pounds to buy it back.
He makes no bones about admitting it.
Even if I admit that, I cannot agree with you.
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.
We use them often as parasols or umbrellas.
He was caught in the very act of stealing it.
May I try it on?
Why don't you look it up in the phone book?
There are few men who don't know that.
There is no one but knows it.
He is not such a fool but he knows it.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have said such a thing to her.
Give it to anyone you like.
Please have someone else do that.
Say it in another way.
I'd like to have that gift wrapped.
Put it back in the nest.
You ought to have told me that before.
I believe it to be true.
Let's make it brief.
It's naive of you to believe that.
It was stupid of me to believe that!
Can you prove it?
May I eat a little of it?
I cannot help laugh at it.
All you have to do is write it down.
It took me several hours to write it.
I had difficulty in having it repaired.
Having finished it, he went to bed.
It is next to impossible to carry it out.
Get it, and put it on the fire.
Prove it by experiment.
I found it difficult to put it into practice.
While I was at it, I felt as if I was walking on thin ice.
He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
Look it up in the dictionary.
I need a bag to carry it in.
Lay it down on paper so everyone understands better.
Bring it to me.
That's just what I was going to say.
Bring it back to me.
Buy it for me, please.
You don't have to tell it to me if you don't want to.
Let me have a look at it.
Please send it to me by fax.
Give it to me, please.
The very idea of it is disgusting.
It's no use worrying about it. There's nothing you can do.
It is no use worrying about it.
Put it where children can't get at it.
It will be quitting time before you get that done.
It is premature to discuss it now.
Send it by airmail.
I shudder to think of it.
That sure puts me on the spot.
It would have been wiser to leave it unsaid.
It would be better to leave it unsaid.
I wish you had told me that.
Put it back where you got it from.
I left it unlocked.
Put it back where it was.
Let's climb that mountain to see it.
At that, he stood up.
When I saw it, it took my breath away.
I was extremely surprised when I saw this.
The sight sent chills of delight up my spine.
I would like to see it.
Let me see that.
It took many years to build it.
Don't hold it upside down.
We still have enough time to discuss it.
Put it back on the desk.
Can you put it down on the table?
Can you make it on time?
We need a tool to open it with.
It took the best part of my holiday to finish it.
I tried in vain to open it.
You must take care not to break it.
Where did you get this?
Set it down there.
Put it down.
Will you carry it out for me?
Don't expose it to the rain.
You also must be very prudent, to keep that hidden.
It's foul of you to have concealed it.
Drink it down.
Well do I remember it.
Leave it off the list.
I'll help you as soon as I've done that.
It is little short of lunacy to try it.
If it is worth doing, do it well.
Don't leave here until you have done it.
Try and do it.
Please pass it to the other friends.
Please pass it to the other boys.
Let me help you wipe it off.
The question is how to carry it out.
I could not find it anyplace.
I don't remember where I bought it.
Tell me what to do with it.
What shall I do with it?
Mark how to do it.
I don't know what to open it with.
What are you going to do with it?
It is up to you how you take it.
Please put it aside for me.
Lay it on the table.
You shall have it for nothing.
Please say it by heart.
Leave it as it is, or you will be scolded.
Leave it there.
I wish I had known how to do it.
Are you able to afford the time for it?
It's up to you to do it.
Can you afford the time for it?
He can do it if anybody.
You'll need a special tool to do it.
If anyone can do it, Bill can.
It is impossible to do it.
I don't know how I should do it.
Let's finish it right away.
Let it be done at once.
Get it ready at once.
Do it at once.
May I do it right now?
There is no person to do it.
If I had had to do it, I would have done it at that time.
I thought I must do it.
I've warned you over and over again not to do it.
What is the harm in doing that?
I will give you permission to do it.
Everybody knows for sure that it was he who did it.
It's not us who did it.
Did you show it to your parents?
Bring it here.
Get them out of here!
I will give it to you.
Don't take that too literally.
We would ask you to give us a price reduction of 5%.
Divide it among the three.
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.
I sold it for ten dollars.
I bought it for 10 dollars.
The approaches used in those two designs are exactly alike.
I can read them all.
Compare the style of those three letters.
Get them out of the way.
Pack them in the box.
They are matters which we need to discuss.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
They built up twenty-five stories on one side and thirty-five stories on the other.
Isn't that theirs?
They are different in degree but not in kind.
They have taken the form of sculptures.
All of them were handmade things.
They are much better than Western baths.
They added to the enjoyment of my life.
They will be used for making people happy.
They are important matters.
They aren't my books.
They are our cars.
They are my grandfather's books.
These boded you no good.
Those are not your chairs.
They were vacant apartments or homes.
What are they for?
What are they made of?
They went back and forth all day and part of the night.
None, they are all outside.
They shone like stars in the dark, dirty building.
They are so much alike that I don't know which is which.
They are great masterpieces of European art.
They are all of a price.
They are all of a size.
They are very big apples.
Either of them is satisfactory to me.
They are more or less the same size.
They were symptoms of the earthquake.
It revived with even greater vigor.
They were made of rough brown leather.
They will help you to get warm.
They are made in a variety of sizes.
Are they displayed all through the year?
Those books are mine.
They were about 25 cents a pound cheaper.
Those books are always in great demand.
We must draw attention to the distribution of this form in those dialects.
Their scope and shape is unclear.
The words would appear on his computer screen.
Those proposals seem very much alike to me.
The differences were minor, so I ignored them.
Their sizes are much the same.
You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
These figures don't add up.
It is up to us to help those people.
Those people contributed greatly to world peace.
The new houses are of a uniform height.
I've been to neither of those places.
Those peasants badly need land to grow rice.
Those books will make a fine library.
Please remember to mail the letters.
These letters reveal her to be an honest lady.
Compare the style of those letters.
Show me the photos, please.
Judging from those facts, Mr Mori must be a wealthy person.
These tell us that he loved to talk and argue about art, politics and life.
Those children are potential customers.
Those children have no one to care for them.
I can't tell which work is better than the other.
Those countries used to belong to France.
Those plans seem much alike to me.
The cattle are marked with brands.
Those agenda items were taken up en bloc for discussion.
There is no surface difference between them.
Those regulations all apply to everyone without a single exception.
There was a minute difference between them.
Those cities have uniform traffic laws.
I can recall seeing those pictures.
Those pictures were painted by him.
Those flowers have died.
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
Those cowards ran away soon.
Please put those chairs away.
Those chairs are in the way.
One of the dogs is alive.
Many of the dogs are alive.
Some of the dogs are alive.
Some of them are really fine.
There seem to be several reasons for that.
I'd rather stay here.
I'd like to try on shoes other than those.
Instead, they prefer to stay in and watch television.
I like this better than that.
A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
Therefore it will be closed for the rest of the year.
Hence, I shall have to stay here.
That's not a bad idea.
I had never been abroad before, so everything seemed strange to me.
That had not occurred to him before.
We will start at two o'clock if it has stopped raining by that time.
It is difficult planning meals for so many people.
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.
That sounds too good to be true.
It conforms to the requirements of logic.
That is a good idea.
Keep it in a cool place.
It is contrary to reason.
It's about the size of an egg.
It looks like an egg.
It is about the size of an egg.
It was about the size of an egg.
It would break if you dropped it.
It has a wingspan of about four inches.
It is a disease that can't be prevented.
It went just as we expected.
That's too much of a good thing.
That's very big of you.
That's not a useful piece of information.
It's for a friend of mine.
That's my sole concern.
That was cooked in oil.
That's a useful piece of information.
That is a useful piece of information.
It's out of the question.
It may give rise to serious trouble.
That is out of the question.
That'll complicate matters more.
Is it made of wood or metal?
It is more than I can stand.
That sounds interesting.
It was a manifest error of judgement.
That is decidedly short of satisfactory.
It is a matter of life or death.
It is a good plan but hard to carry out.
It's a bundle of contradictions.
You can have it for nothing.
It's free of charge.
Your demands are unreasonable.
It has resulted in nothing.
It came to nothing.
Let it hang.
It sounds like a dream.
It happened just when the curtain was falling.
To all appearance it is true.
It appeared a true story.
It cannot be true.
That cannot have been true.
It's really a very useful thing; you ought to buy it.
Can it really be mine?
It has to be true.
It was a really exciting baseball game.
That's really a great idea.
It is really wonderful.
It can not be true.
It can't be true.
It turned out true.
Can it be true?
I think it's true.
That might have been true.
It turned out to be true.
She said that it might be true.
It may or may not be true.
It may be true.
It is a book.
It is essentially a question of time.
I want to do it myself.
That's not in my line outside my field.
That is not exactly what I said.
That is the same color as mine.
Those are my trousers.
It is on me.
It was a great shock to me.
It was too difficult for me.
That is the sort of job I am cut out for.
That'd be the last thing I want to do.
It was the triumph of civilization over force.
That's against the law.
It is what the law ordains.
It was a one-sided love affair.
That is another matter.
It casts mysterious shadows on the wall.
I am tired of hearing it.
I cannot let it go unchallenged.
It's a fact you can't deny.
That's powdered medicine.
It is a system of direct exchange of goods.
Is it used in order to keep things cold?
It was a partial success.
It was only a partial success.
It is a hall rather than a room.
It will do for ordinary purposes.
It is located at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
It is both good and cheap.
It was a strange affair.
That's hard to say.
It is necessary.
It must, of necessity, be postponed.
Do it yourself by all means.
It is not necessarily so.
It is of great use.
It was such a boring speech that I fell asleep.
It's a very delicate question.
It is used by a great many people.
It was such an interesting book that I read it in a day.
It's a matter of cost.
It was told me under pledge of secrecy.
Keep it quiet.
It occurred to me that I should not keep it secret.
It's a secret; don't give it away to anyone.
It's secret.
What a shame!
It was a party to celebrate her birthday.
I think she made up that story.
It is an index of her character.
It's an answer to her letter.
It is hers, is it not?
It is an insult to her.
Does it bark at her?
It has great weight with her.
It was something she did not want to put into words.
It was the first gold medal that she had won.
It was a mistake on their part.
It proved to be the deathblow to their plan.
That shows his theoretical background.
It is to his advantage.
That is no business of his.
It runs against his character.
It is beginning to tell on him.
That's his specialty.
That does not accord with his statement.
Ask him about it.
It will do him no harm.
It has had no effect on him.
It was a purchase which he could not possibly afford.
It is too easy a task for him.
It was a very good experience for him.
It is a matter of indifference to him.
That applies to him too.
It is he.
It happened two days after he got back to Tokyo.
It was a profession of his own choosing.
It is the job of his own choosing.
It was not his fault, for he did his best.
It was the most beautiful sight that he had ever seen in his life.
That is a criminal offense, and you will surely be punished!
It is still immoral.
It has developed into a very large city.
It happened between eight and ten.
That was an exciting game. Everybody was excited.
It's white.
That's just a cheap publicity stunt.
That will fly on the market.
I'm not going to sell it.
It was a precious clock his grandmother, who was in the hospital, gave him.
That is a custom proper to Japan.
Is it Japanese food?
That is the common occurrence in Japan.
That's a tall order.
It is a difficult problem.
It isn't hard to do.
I found the book easy.
It contained harmful chemicals.
It's neither good nor bad.
It's not a road, but a path.
It is a moral question.
It is contrary to the morals.
It's not a suitable topic for discussion.
That's a hard question to answer.
It serves you right.
It is smaller than Tokyo.
It's the only one there is in the shop.
It is a typical Gothic church.
That's beside the point.
That's hindsight.
That is a matter of degrees.
It's in a small room at the end of garden.
That's common sense.
It is on the left side of the street.
Is it a direct flight?
You can't fix it. You should buy a new one.
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
It is thirty meters in length.
It was a long letter, but in brief, he said, "No."
It was a long letter.
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
It will threaten the prosperity of the town.
Does that price include breakfast?
That's asking too much.
It is reported in the local news.
It is cheap, but on the other hand it is not good.
It's merely a joke.
It was simply an oversight.
Through whom am I to make my complaint, then?
I think it is a mere coincidence.
Whose idea was it?
It's the same for everyone.
Anyone can do it easily.
Anybody knows it.
That's quite a problem.
Please have someone else do it.
It is of great value.
It is such an old song that everybody knows it.
It makes all the difference.
It was a great success, ending in a long run.
It is concerned with air pollution.
It was a big black American warship.
It was to a great extent his own fault.
That is quite possible.
That was of great help to me.
It may well be true.
That is a mere excuse for idleness.
It is paramount to all the others.
It's an artificial flower.
It was a breath-taking close game.
How many kilograms does it amount to?
I think that is based on a lack of mutual understanding.
It is a beautiful car, but it is not worth the price that I paid for it.
That's a layman's idea.
It has cost me $100 altogether.
That's 3000 yen altogether.
I don't like it at all.
That's quite absurd.
That makes no sense at all.
That's quite another thing.
That's absolute nonsense!
That's altogether wrong.
That's a completely unfounded rumor.
That's an unusual thing, undoubtedly.
That's quite to my taste.
That's absolute nonsense.
It is a sheer waste of time.
That is not altogether false.
You can't buy it under 1,000 yen.
Leave that job to the experts!
That's not absolutely certain.
That was written by Taro Akagawa.
It was shortened with advantage.
It waited, silently.
What exactly does that mean?
It's the front gate.
That requires the sanction of the government.
It won't get anywhere.
How amazing that your mother speaks six languages!
It's the fastest railroad in the world.
It'll be forgotten in a few months' time.
It was a sublime scenery.
It is founded on supposition.
It is beyond the boundary of human knowledge.
It is beyond the boundaries of human intellect.
That's a doll.
This is a real popular item.
No human power can manage that.
The honor is more than I deserve.
That is not the case.
God knows that it is true.
It really hit the spot.
That is all right.
That made a profound impression on me.
It isn't new.
It's new.
It's a delicate problem.
That requires careful consideration.
That every one who believes in him may have eternal life.
That is not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
It is best left untouched.
It is soft to the touch.
It is merely an ornament.
I just meant it as a joke.
That's an excellent wine.
It is not a matter to laugh about.
It's quite distinct from the smell of burning.
Is it baked?
It'll cost at least five dollars.
That didn't help them any.
It was a pretty little house, strong and well-built.
It became his habit by degrees.
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
It was given to me by the Queen herself.
That's news to me.
That is a new story to me.
Is it fine gold?
Off it went.
Since it's important, I'll attend to it.
It needs to be repaired.
That was the end of the class.
You are telling it second hand, aren't you?
That's like carrying coals to Newcastle.
That will benefit the community.
It will make for the society.
It is just an act.
It is in fact your fault.
That is an actual fact.
It's worthwhile carrying out the idea.
It raises a red flag for businessmen.
It is quite a grand view.
It is really quite a good story.
Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
Is it yours?
It's a dictionary.
It is regarded as a matter of time.
It's a waste of time.
It's a waste of time and money.
It sums up the situation pretty well.
That's not the case.
It was a great blow to us.
It is a very difficult job for us.
It gave me the creeps.
It is abhorrent to me.
That's my province.
It is a task beyond my power.
That's my affair.
That is not my line.
That's not the sort I'm looking for.
It is a picture that I like very much.
It's in my jacket pocket.
That goes against my beliefs.
It is beyond my power.
That runs against my principles.
That's my dictionary.
That doesn't accord with my principle.
That is the exactly the same idea as I have.
It's for my personal use.
It is outside my area of study.
It is the factory, my brother works in.
That is in my recollections.
It fell short of my expectation.
It's for my family.
That is my own affair.
Is it anything like mine?
It isn't mine.
It was the best experience in all my life.
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
It's none of my business!
It's a whole new ball game for me.
It makes no difference to me.
It is of little consequence to me.
It is nothing to me.
It seems very difficult for me.
It's a wholly new experience for me.
It was a revelation to me.
It's too difficult for me.
It was a nervous moment for me.
It's all one to me.
That's good news to me.
That has nothing to do with me.
That's one of the conventions of our daily life.
It is not acceptable to our moral code.
Does that mean you want to break up?
It is like the air we breathe.
That was the most interesting film that we had ever seen.
It's me.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
That is because I got up late.
It happened prior to my arrival.
I am to blame for it.
It's not something I'm very good at.
It was my first night among strangers.
That's what I said all along.
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.
It's the best book that I've ever read.
It is the tallest tree that I ever saw.
That was the most moving film I had ever seen.
It was the greatest joy that I have ever experienced.
That is not what I meant to say.
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.
That's the last thing that I expected you to do.
I may do; it would depend on circumstances at the time.
That is the funniest joke that I have ever heard.
That was quite an effort for a child.
It is a childish act.
It cannot be helped.
It is only too true.
It's a perfect example of cruel fate.
It is a great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
It's easy to make and it's cheap.
It came out in yesterday's Sankei.
Isn't that the most humane punishment for criminals?
It is effective against bacterial infections.
The beginning showed it.
I think it's the best way.
That's a matter of prime importance.
It is a story made out of whole cloth.
It's an embarrassing question.
That is not the point in question.
It will be done a week from today, that is, on May 3.
It has nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
It may occur at any moment.
It is the in thing to do.
That was the most exciting concert I have ever been to.
It has become quite common.
It will end in a waste of labor.
Is it not black?
It is too expensive for me to buy.
It's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
That's too expensive.
We got a good price for that.
It isn't expensive.
It was nothing but the shadow of a tall tree.
That is going too far.
It simply doesn't bear thinking about.
That's putting it mildly.
That is most agreeable to the taste.
This isn't fair.
That's not a proper thing to say.
That whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Won't it keep until later?
It is like letting a tiger run loose.
That's nothing but a figure of speech.
You had better leave it unsaid.
That goes without saying.
It is saying too much.
It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
It was similar in some ways to soccer which is played today.
I don't think that was a wise decision.
It is horrible to see.
It was a lovely sight to see.
Leave it where you found it.
It is not as good as it looks.
It will only mean an endless debate.
It is by no means an easy job.
It is anything but big.
It is no joke.
That will never disappear.
It is by no means certain.
That'll be a cold day in hell.
It is merely a matter of form.
That's your funeral.
That won't help you.
You're better able to do it than I am.
It will disturb you in your studies.
That is a fruit of your effort.
That's your responsibility.
It is just your imagination.
That is something you should not have said.
It rests on your decision.
It's your stereotyping.
It is up to you.
Is it near your house?
That is the thing that concerns you.
You can't mistake it.
That has nothing to do with you.
It is not so difficult as you think.
That is because you always study hard.
It was a chance meeting.
It was a casual meeting.
It happened by accident.
Was it by accident or by design?
It is an act of folly.
It was shining in the sky.
It can't be measured in terms of money.
It is the correct approach to modern ski technique.
It is not to be wondered at.
That is surprising.
They are the extreme cases.
That is the principle problem next to education.
It was a terrible accident.
It's a terrible affair.
It is great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
It happened last October.
That is the other way about.
It admits of no doubt.
That's a copy.
It was the greatest earthquake on record.
How did you like it?
It is a stupendous project.
It's a worrying matter.
It will prove to be up to expectation.
It produced strange visual effects.
It is merely an imitation pearl.
It was a flying saucer all right.
It tasted sweet.
Is it sweet or sour?
It was a moving sight.
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
It was a cold and rainy night, and there was not a soul in sight in the streets.
I'll look forward to it.
It's certainly a waste of time.
Can I take your word for it?
It will be a push-button war of nuclear missiles.
That's stretching the point.
Those words are mere diplomatic niceties.
It came apart.
It was found at the bottom of the river.
It was a problem difficult to solve.
It serves our purpose.
It has an important influence upon our lives.
That has no bearing on our plan.
It was a blow to us.
It will do harm to us.
It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
That will help revive a fashion of the past.
You can do it at your leisure.
It was one of the great discoveries in science.
It shows the depth of his love for his family.
It is neither good nor bad.
It was ages ago.
What is the story?
What does it refer to?
What a beautiful vase it is!
What a long bridge it is!
What an easy problem it is!
What an animal it is!
It is something like a ball.
That may easily have been a mistake.
It is cheaper than chemical fertilizers.
It was none other than the king.
It's in pencil so you can rub it out if you need to.
You are acting beyond your position.
Isn't that an English book?
That's an incredible story.
I put it in the drawer.
It's the sound of secret minds.
It is computed at 10,000 yen.
It is made partly of wood.
I'll be able to finish in a day or two.
It is worthwhile to have a try at it.
It's nothing but a kind of joke.
How did it all come about?
That, while regrettable, is true.
It leaves nothing much to be desired.
It has greatly improved compared with what it was.
It was an event that proved extraordinary.
I'm afraid you're mistaken.
Wow! That's cheap!
It was a nightmare.
That is not quite what I wanted.
I made it myself.
It is an exciting night event.
That is a studied insult.
It interferes with our industrial development.
It's against the rules.
It's about 133 kilometers from London.
It looks like an apple.
Do you fancy it is all right?
That would lead to the production of more carbon dioxide, the main gas responsible for global warming.
I'm not sure about that. It depends.
That's an old trick.
It smells delicious.
I can't help it.
It's worth a try.
I think it's worth a try.
It would be better to try.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
It is written in easy English.
It must be done more carefully.
I didn't mean to put that on there.
It's already out of fashion.
You should leave it for tomorrow.
That's one level down.
It was an event that occurred only rarely.
It was hard as rock.
It was like watching a slow motion movie.
It sounds as if genius compensates for lack of experience.
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.
That's quite meaningless.
That is quite another matter.
It was just as I thought.
It's all up to you.
That doesn't regard you at all.
It happened completely by accident.
It has nothing to do with you.
It's not quite certain.
It's entirely up to you.
It is still in the testing stage.
Let's reserve that for another occasion.
It is nothing less than an insult to her.
It is nothing less than an invasion.
It was just something I read in a newspaper.
It was nothing less than a miracle.
It happened just like this.
It was nothing but a joke.
It's only a small house but it meets my needs perfectly.
That was only a year ago.
It was a very exciting game.
It is sold by the pound.
It makes little difference.
It was meant as a compliment, so I didn't want to tell him that he had missed the point.
It is next to impossible.
It's almost over.
It is of little value.
That will do us a fat lot of good.
It is Pochi's food.
It is not far away from the hotel.
It's a sunflower.
That's terrible.
That's very naughty of you.
That is the same umbrella as I found on the bus.
It fell to pieces.
That is the same umbrella that I found on the bus.
What an interesting story it is!
How long it is!
What a ridiculous opinion that is!
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.
What animal is it?
What kind of play is it?
Of what value is it?
It's a trifle incident.
That is a trivial problem.
You find it in any dictionary.
Which theater is that?
Which gate is that?
How long ago was that?
Be that as it may, you are wrong.
That was so good a book that I read it three times.
This sounds very interesting.
That was no ordinary storm.
It was a most beautiful flower.
It is too difficult a problem for me to solve.
It was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
It was a very long meeting.
It was a very big room.
I think the film is a very heart warming one.
It's beyond me.
It was very expensive; in fact, I paid 100 dollars.
That gives me great pleasure.
That's a very becoming hairstyle.
It was a very slow train. It stopped at every little station.
I cannot possibly do it.
You can put it anywhere.
You can get it at any bookseller's.
Where is it hidden?
It was used only from time to time.
I can not stomach it.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
It's a TV.
That's a delicate point.
It must be hard for you.
It happened quite recently.
You're carrying this too far.
It is too cruel, I should say.
That sounds a little off.
It's sort of strange.
That was exactly what she intended.
That's exactly what I want.
It grew larger and larger.
It moved closer and closer.
I bought it at a giveaway price.
That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
That's just a yarn.
I got it free.
It is so dreadful that I don't want to think of it.
That's quite a story.
It was such a shock.
It's a hard, dirty job.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
That is not much of a problem.
It is quite an achievement!
I thought that would be a great idea.
That's a splendid idea.
It was a poor concert.
I had rented it the day before.
That is not what the narrative is about.
I had bought it the week before.
It was mismanagement of the company's affairs by the acting director.
What time is it, anyway?
By the way, do you know a good restaurant around here?
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
It is at best a second-rate hotel.
It was a daring adventure, full of thrill and excitement.
They were all sold out.
It all depends on the weather.
It was all our faults.
It all came to nothing.
That's a brilliant idea.
It's a wonderful work of art.
That's a great idea.
He cried, "That's good!"
That's a bright idea.
It was all covered with dust.
That was some storm.
It's a very slow business.
That was a fearful scene.
You'd better not do it.
That is no fault of Jack's.
Aside from that, is there anything else you want?
That's opportunism pure and simple.
That's a cheerful remark.
It was like this.
It has some bearing on this problem.
It has no bearing on this problem.
It was a parade with a capital P.
That is an internal affair of this country.
It came about in this way.
This is how it all came about.
That pool really looks inviting.
It shows white from here.
It's just another story.
Do it in this manner.
It's junk. Throw it away.
It's a strange story, but every word of it is true.
And not only that, the goods in the company shop were usually more expensive than elsewhere.
It's a long, long time since my girl's been gone.
It is quite a big number.
It was the best play that I had ever seen.
It is the one you used to hear when you were a little child.
It was used for raking together heaps of money.
That's too bad. Please take care of yourself.
It's an interesting piece of news.
It is a kind of orange.
That's interesting, but beside the point.
It's a matter of etiquette.
It is, as it were, a life and death problem.
That's what we call an "otoshidama".
When does it begin?
That was, as it were, part of the job.
Tell me when it came about.
What ever can that be?
It has a pleasant odor.
I have no idea how much it costs.
I think it's a good idea.
You made a good decision.
That'd be nice. What about inviting John and Mary?
It happened one night.
It's not a thing one can well boast of.
It was on a Christmas when it snowed heavily.
It is true in a sense.
It's a possible story.
Is that a common name?
They are nature's laboratory for all kinds of plant, animal and insect life.
It is true of every case.
It was named after the first American president.
It is not very polite, either.
It's not worth much.
That's really sad.
That's too good a story to be true.
The bus ran on the long and winding road.
It is none of your business.
Don't you think this is a good opportunity to show off your talents?
Is it a general custom in your country?
It hangs on your decision.
I will put it down to your account.
It will bring down trouble on your family.
That is not your knife.
That will give you a vivid impression.
That's too small to fit on your head.
That's a job of your own choosing, isn't it?
That depends on whether you are interested or not.
It begins at six-thirty.
It's enough for five days.
It was less than fifty dollars.
It is four centimeters thick.
It was three days ago.
It happened three years later, that is in 1965.
It goes around the sun in 365 days.
I calculated that it would cost 300 dollars.
That reads two different ways.
It was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors.
It was about twenty dollars.
It will cost around 10,000 yen.
I'll be able to finish it in a day or two.
It can be done in a day.
It will be finished in a day or two.
It was due a week ago, namely on April second.
It will cost around fifteen dollars.
There is one big difference.
It happened at a quarter past eleven.
It was a one hundred dollar bill.
That won't work.
This is too important to overlook.
It was for anyone who wanted to know what he and other scientists were doing.
They are now widely used for communication, calculation, and other activities.
Does that price include tax?
It's the same to me.
I meant it as a joke.
It is the most artistic picture I have ever taken.
It is because it can't hope for a success if it isn't healthy.
What is it?
It's my favorite food.
It was an exciting story and he told it well.
It is called sick humor.
It was named after Frankfurt, a German city.
It means trying hard, even if we make mistakes.
It is in order to hear your voice well.
It was a delightful bit of nonsense.
It is characteristic of him.
It was Sir Anthony's eightieth birthday concert and everybody wanted a ticket.
It left at two, reaching Rome at four.
You establish the property right by paying for it.
Tell me the right answer to it.
Its color is red.
It is impossible to overemphasize its importance.
It will cost about 2000 yen to repair it.
Do you pay for it in cash or by check?
We will only consider placing an order if you reduce the price by 5%.
I couldn't think of anything better than that.
Take hold of it. We're going to pull it.
It has no parallel.
And since she refused to accept it, she had been living in extreme discomfort, exclaiming: "Why should we spend all the capital we are ever likely to have tying ourselves down to a place we detest!"
I don't remember agreeing to that.
Nothing can be better than that.
Nor am I ashamed to confess my ignorance.
He put all his heart and soul into it.
It is you that are to blame for it.
Count me in.
Why don't we shake on it?
Let's shake on it.
Keep away from that.
As regards the expense involved, it is of no concern to me.
My memory of that is still vivid.
I can not agree with you as regards that.
With respect to that, I agree with you.
I took a taxi to get there in time.
It puts a different complexion on the situation.
I remember hearing a very similar story to that.
And yet he could pass the exam.
Add more water to it.
She is charming for all that.
She accepted our offer notwithstanding.
You mustn't touch it, because it'll break easily.
Will there be an extra charge for that?
Does that include breakfast?
It has no absolute and universal significance.
There is not a ray of truth in it.
You mustn't touch it.
Is there a service charge for that?
It has my name on it.
I have lost interest in it.
It needs exercise.
There can be no doubt whatever about it.
I didn't notice it.
It has a great many words borrowed from foreign languages.
It would provoke a saint.
I have some doubts about it.
It has a value all its own.
Let's talk about it after school.
I found it something of a disappointment.
It will require substantial time and financial resources.
He was stiff about it.
They learned all there was to know about it.
Why not talk it over with your teacher?
I don't have anything about which to write.
Don't conceal what you feel about it.
I don't understand much about it.
I'll give you a day to think about it.
I will say something about it.
It is no use arguing about it.
Do you have any complaint about it?
Do you have any ideas about it?
May I make a suggestion about it?
Please think it over and let me know your decision.
Could you explain it in more detail?
He knows hardly anything about it.
She had no way to know about it.
I have simply nothing to say about it.
There is no doubt whatever about it.
You may take my word for it.
There seems no doubt about it.
I cannot agree with you as regards that.
What do you think about it?
It is you that is to blame for it.
All my doubts about it have been driven away.
I put great value on your knowledge about it.
How did you see that?
I want him to be informed about that in advance.
And when you talk to me, take off your hat.
I paid 10 dollars for it.
I had to pay the bill to the tune of ten dollars.
And just think, you're on the other side of the world.
And you didn't even say that we've arrived!
And of course, a speaker usually communicates in two ways, orally as well as through gestures.
And, they've already torn up the garden.
And, we get each other's company to boot.
In that case, I'll change my mind.
We can have that for you by tomorrow; no sweat.
You should've said so earlier.
Well, I'll be happy to loan you the money.
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
Or do you have to take the bus?
This and that are two different stories.
Or would it be like falling asleep?
That added to his unhappiness.
What do you mean by it?
Well, what happened to her?
So they were not able to dream.
That is why he failed the exam.
That's when we learned that the main post office was on fire and that they had kidnapped our president.
So the captain took care of him.
It accounts for the fact.
You've done more than enough.
That accounts for the accident.
That is why I am angry with him.
That will save me the trouble of writing to him.
It made my hair stand on end.
So we are saving up in order to buy them.
And so each citizen plays an indispensable role.
That's the last straw!
That is all right, so far as I am concerned.
That would be fine.
So what are you implying?
That altered the aspect of the case.
And what do you do?
That leaves no room for doubt.
So a new problem soon became apparent.
He was punished all the same.
Nevertheless, the topic is worth discussing.
It is none the less true.
But somehow, he managed to stagger to the doors.
Nevertheless, many are choosing early retirement.
All the same, we still need a scientific account of how exactly pains are caused by brain processes.
That's reversing the logical order of things.
That would give him a terrible lead over me.
That will do me well.
Well, let's talk turkey.
That would leave me in a fix.
Let us turn now to the fundamental issue.
See you at two this afternoon.
That's against the contract.
That will put you in danger.
Now let's hurry to school.
The angle would be too narrow.
That means sure death!
It will get you nowhere.
Now let me entertain you with music.
That's quite another thing to what you promised.
Well, I must be going.
And open your textbook at page ten.
Uh, will you excuse me?
Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
Does that mean you won't come?
Well, let's make it some other time.
That accounts for why the door was open.
That will save me a lot of trouble.
It proved the truth of the rumor.
In that case, I think you should come in today.
That absolves me from further responsibility.
Then you just have to fill out this card.
That's what I expected of my daughter.
And he calls himself a sailor.
That's why you were always healthy.
It may be all right.
And she misses them very much.
That's why I recommend him for the post.
Then the younger brother set off, and the elder remained behind.
And so, knowledge from the past, mixed up with assumptions about that knowledge, which may be more or less appropriate, is used to augment information provided by the senses.
Then an argument developed between some of John's disciples and a certain Jew about purification.
And I testify that this is the Son of God.
And where is the money coming from?
So, the assistant returned $1 to each man.
You've got your priorities backwards.
People don't say that anymore.
Is it like "Dirty Harry"?
How do you feel about it?
What'll they think of next?
Those animals were in danger of dying out.
That will let you blow off steam.
I would do anything but that.
Do you have enough information to go on?
No, that's all.
That would be sufficient.
It is all I want to do.
That was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting.
I like her all the better for that.
I like him all the better for it.
They've all gone to see the film.
Each way of sleeping is likely to produce a different kind of adult.
Cultures have a coherent view of the world.
Put price labels on each individual item.
How much wheat does each field yield?
Each player did his best.
Each child was given a present.
It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
Each muscle shows perfect teamwork.
Each item was described in painstaking detail.
It is like casting pearls before swine.
Women, then, are only children of a larger growth.
Then, I'll be leaving you.
Then that means I lost everything.
Then, how about a baseball game?
Then, please give him this note. This is urgent.
Well then, I'll have chicken.
That would make it impossible for him to save face.
That's just the thing I had in mind!
That is what the British people expect of their Queen.
I know that much myself.
I do not know whether it is good or not.
I don't know if it is good.
Down it came and away went the day.
I will judge whether it is superior or not.
I'll be hanged if that's true.
If that is true, then he is not responsible for the accident.
I admit it to be true.
I do not deny but that it is true.
I could not persuade him that it was true.
Let's ask if it's true.
That is a characteristic inherent in him.
That accounts for her delay.
That threw adequate light on his feelings toward her.
That accounts of her delay.
That is what they study English for.
That's the cause of his failure.
That was the source of his troubles.
That was the time when he came.
I was surprised to find it on fire.
That's thieves' cant.
I've forgotten whether it was Saturday or Sunday.
That is what I want to know.
That's all.
It was the last battle that ended the war.
I do want it.
That is the way of the world.
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.
We parents sometimes become blind in loving our children too much.
Let's suppose it's true.
You'd better make sure that it is true.
They won't believe me even if I swear it is true.
That is why women keep their career without marriage.
Oneself decides whether it is important.
Granting that it is true, it does not concern me.
I am quite clear that it is a fact.
That's what we want to know.
Those were the saddest hours of my life.
That is really a load off my mind.
I'm ready to admit that it was my fault.
It's my favorite song.
That's the point.
That is the most I can do.
What has that to do with me?
That's the best way we can do now.
That is what I have wanted to buy.
That is all I have.
That is how I learned English.
It was the first time that I visited the museum.
That is why I could not come here.
That's the best approach to the study of English.
It's the best score up to now.
That's the way it is.
It was lucky for you that you found it.
You must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it.
I'll let you know when it has been decided.
That is your major problem.
If it is useful for improving your life, it cannot be done too soon.
Is that your most favorite golf club?
Is that what you have in mind?
I know the exact time when that happened.
Is that your carry-on?
There is a strong presumption against its truth.
That's an overly optimistic view.
You find that it is shaped by science.
I don't know what it is.
Goodness knows what it was.
I have an idea what it is.
It turned out all for the best.
Some think it is based on love, others on control.
Then the wild beasts start wanting to go crazy.
Then he got dressed, stuffed his lecture notes into his briefcase, and ran down the stairs.
She then proceeded to negotiate with her bank.
Then she began to walk again.
Then she was floating on her back.
Then they fly round to the Indian Ocean and down to Antarctica.
Then he said hello to the old man in the same language.
He took off his glasses after that.
Then he lay on the same bed.
Then he kicked the ball strongly.
There followed a long silence.
Then I walked upstairs to the dressing rooms.
My name's not 'girl,' either.
I'd like to know the rest of the story.
Then we came to Kyoto, where we stayed for a week.
Then we visited Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States of America.
He died three days after.
What did you do then?
Then she hurried home.
Pretty soon along came to the village some strangely dressed people who called themselves surveyors; and they surveyed a line in front of my grandmother's little house.
Then the bus left the town and drove along a country road.
Then I'd take the nickel out.
It then became necessary to settle the best route for the line to follow; and that was determined, in the first place, by the shape of the land it had to cross.
Nobody has seen him ever since.
After eight months, he eventually started dating girls again.
Then clean it really well.
It was not until five years later that I heard of his marriage.
On the third day a wedding took place at Cana in Galilee.
Every day grandfather and grandmother gave the kitten plenty of milk, and soon the kitten grew nice and plump.
Then we shook hands and said good-bye.
Then, she began to cry but with no tears.
Then he began working at Cambridge and developing many more ideas about the nature of the universe.
Then, with a final, terrible scream, the monster flung itself off the mountain to its death on the rocks below.
Then he stretched his legs and settled back in his seat.
Then, a shout was raised.
And then the Romans came in 55 B. C.
Then he went back over it to make sure it was right.
This is the only possible time for doing that.
That is just her way.
That's exactly what he said.
That is exactly what I wanted to buy.
Whoever wants it may take it.
I made up my mind to do the work however hard it may be.
I have no idea of what it is like.
I can not seem to explain to you how difficult it is.
We hardly realize how important it is.
I gained a clear picture of how it works.
I have a rough idea where it is.
He did not realize where it had come from.
Is this Canadian money?
I counted the days to see when it had happened.
I don't care how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
This is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
Search your pockets again to make sure of it.
But you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going.
That is why so many people are suffering from famine.
Are you making a pass at me?
What do you mean by that?
What does it mean?
Let me try it.
That looks like the work of a virus.
That comes in handy.
It's not a little money.
Well, you got a point there.
Here's the bus.
There! She comes!
Clouds formed in the sky.
Look at those flowers trembling in the breeze.
A gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond.
The breeze kissed her face.
A gentle wind is blowing.
If he comes at all, it will be surprising.
The fact is that they are talking.
Is there an existing meaning if the person in charge does not take the responsibility to begin with?
Most accidents, after all, happen around the corner, not in the rainforest.
I'm surprised you came at all.
In any case why was it only mine that had a line in the LCD?
In the first place, why do the birds migrate at all?
You shouldn't have come here to begin with.
I feel sleepy when I listen to soft music.
Do you have any soft drinks?
We would like to buy a sofa.
Sophie had been looking forward to getting another letter from the unknown sender.
It took a lot of effort to carry the sofa upstairs.
The couch is in the foreground next to the table.
It's on the sofa.
The cushions on the sofa don't match those on the armchairs.
The woman who is sitting on the sofa is my grandmother.
Sit on the sofa and make yourself comfortable.
May I lie on the sofa?
Don't come near me. I have a cold.
Sit on the sofa and feel at ease.
He revealed the secret to her when nobody was by.
The dusty track descends to a valley.
The vague rumor proved to be false.
The clever doctor could cure many illnesses.
The clever doctor was able to cure the Prime Minister's illness.
The topic is worth discussing.
The story reminds me of a certain sight.
Tell me the story.
There was no one but wept to hear the story.
I couldn't help laughing when I heard that story.
The story turned my blood cold.
When they heard the story, they burst into laughter.
The story reminded me of my father.
The story left him unmoved.
It would take a long time to tell the whole story.
Many a man believes the story.
Please tell me the story in detail.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
His heart was pounding as he told me that.
Tell me about it. I'm all ears.
A friend told me that story.
The story was amusing.
The story appears to be true.
The story sounds true.
The story didn't sound true.
The story was true.
The statement sounds improbable.
The story turned out to be true.
The story was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
The story may sound strange, but it is true.
The story brought tears to her eyes.
The story is based on his own experience.
That story is household legend.
I have heard the story.
The story was handed down from father to son.
The story is consistent with the evidence.
The story is not in accord with the facts.
The story shows us an interesting fact.
The story is very interesting to me.
That story brings to mind the person I met in New York.
Let the matter drop.
The story is full of humor.
I've gadded enough of that story.
The story was very interesting.
The story had a happy ending.
The story reminds me of an experience I had long ago.
The topic is taboo here.
You may depend upon it that the story is exaggerated.
The story was in all daily newspapers.
The story goes back to the sixteenth century.
It began late one Sunday afternoon, deep in the woods.
The truth of the story is familiar to you all.
Part of the story is true.
You haven't heard the half of it yet.
The story affected us deeply.
Both stories are true.
The saddest part of the story remains to be told.
The story cannot be true.
I'll be in trouble if the story gets out.
I don't know whether the story is true or not.
There is no evidence that the story is based on his own experience.
I'll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
The article deserves careful study.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
That dispute has been settled once and for all.
The debate continues into the 1980s and 1990s.
The old lady has been rather feeble since her illness.
We sided with him in the controversy.
The old woman fell and could not get up.
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
The old lady smiled at her granddaughter.
The old woman gave me two interesting books.
The old lady was devoted to her dog.
The old woman seemed to fall down at any second.
The old woman is getting better and is being taken good care of by a nurse from the hospital.
The old lady walked slowly up the hill.
The old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty.
The old woman was nearly run over.
The old woman knitted her brows.
The old woman has no one to wait on her.
The old lady will often wait for her son in vain at the station.
The old couple sat side by side.
The old couple gave up their son for lost.
The old couple embarked on a tour around the world.
The old woman fell an easy prey to the fraud.
The old couple had no children.
Fever and constant coughing weakened the old lady.
The old woman lends money at the rate of three percent.
The old man is blind in one eye.
The old man stood still at the gate.
The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor.
The old man is the epitome of kindness.
The old man looks sad.
The old man gave her a small doll.
The old man drew a large crowd around him by his music.
The old man lives on his pension.
The old man lived by himself.
The old man walked across the road carefully.
The old man had a noble countenance.
The old man fell down on the ground.
The old man caught a big fish.
The old man was accompanied by his grandchild.
The old man stands aloof from this world.
The old man tripped over his own feet.
The old man died last week.
The old man has lived here all his life.
The old man lost the will to live.
The old man lost his will to live.
The old man kept to himself.
Did the old man get lost in the forest?
The old man leaned on his staff.
The old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital.
The old man prefers horse carriages to cars.
The old man sometimes talks to himself.
The old man asked me the time.
The old man told me a strange story.
The old man begged me for money.
The old man spoke to me in French.
The old man left a large fortune to his wife.
The old man freed the little fox from the trap.
That old man is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
The old man sat down.
The old man looked wise.
The old man was not as mean as he looked.
The old man was fast asleep when the bear came.
The old man has enough money.
The old man possesses great wealth.
The old man stood on the hill.
The old man was sitting there, with crossed legs.
The old man is hard to please.
The old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
The old man was starved to death.
The old man said something.
The old man lives by himself.
The old man predicted our success.
The old man made out his will.
The old man stopped suddenly and looked back.
The old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth.
The old man was loved by everyone.
The old man served the king for many years.
The old man died of cancer.
The old man was taken in by a salesman.
The old man tends to exaggerate.
The old man is wise and knows many things about life.
The old man was always looking back on the good old days.
The old man is above ninety.
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
The old man lived in the three-room apartment.
The old man had his only son die three years ago.
The old man retired from public life ten years ago.
The old man sat in the chair with his eyes closed.
The old man was hard of hearing.
The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry.
The old man is always accompanied by his grandson.
Those old people manufacture men's clothes.
The old doctor takes pride in his work.
The old man got in her way.
The old doctor gave individual attention to each patient.
The union exerts a dominant influence on the conservative party.
The workman died from the explosion.
The train arrived on schedule.
The train was overturned.
The train runs between Tokyo and Kagoshima.
The train arrived on time.
The train is running fast.
The train will arrive at the station before noon.
The train is bound for Niigata.
The train arrived safely at the station a few minutes ago.
There is the train at 10 o'clock.
The train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour.
The train makes 20 miles an hour.
The train was crowded with high school students.
The train departs at 7:15 a.m.
The train will pass Motomachi Station.
The train stops at every station.
The train is bound for London.
How fast the train is running!
All the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started.
How fast the train runs!
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
The train gained speed.
From which station does the train leave?
The train is always on time.
The train has already left.
The train was to reach Paris at 8.
The train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up.
The train pulled out two hours ago.
The train is twenty minutes behind time.
The train was ten minutes behind time.
The train will arrive at ten o'clock.
I hurried so as not to miss the train.
You will miss the train.
There are very few passengers in the train.
There went a lot of people in the line.
Bring the frozen fish here.
Take the apple and divide it into halves.
The apple is not yet ripe.
Please show me the green shirt.
I am not such a fool but can appreciate it.
The good news cheered me up.
Will the therapy cause me any pain?
The hunter aimed at the bird, but missed.
The hunter went deep into the forest, never to return.
The cook was astonished at his incredible appetite.
The dish told on my stomach.
The dish smells good.
The food is always arranged so artistically.
The food seems very delicious.
The parents expected too much of their son.
There are signs of growing tensions between the two countries.
The two countries differ in religion and culture.
The two countries do not have diplomatic relations.
The traveler stopped at the soldier's challenge.
The traveler fainted from hunger, but soon he came to.
The traveler arrived in New York in the evening.
The trip will cost anywhere between $1000 and $2000.
Who planned that trip?
The trip will take at least five days.
The trip will take at least a week.
The journey, as I recall it, was long and tedious.
The trip cost me a lot.
The object of the journey was to visit Grandma.
The trip calls for a lot of money.
Whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather.
The trip gave us no end of pleasure.
The journey greatly added to his store of knowledge.
The fashion will soon lose favor.
The candidate was disappointed at the outcome of the election.
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
The theory is based on thorough research.
The theory is too abstract for me.
The theory is generally accepted.
This theory will bear examination.
The theory is not accepted.
The theory is not accepted yet.
This theory originated with a twenty-eight year old physicist.
The barber gave him a haircut.
One of the reasons is the difference between Japan and other countries in their attitudes toward education.
The storm did great damage to her property.
The storm destroyed the whole town.
The stormy weather was dreadful.
The new boy had a nervous stammer.
My uncle was coming to see us the next day.
The next day John was there again with two of his disciples.
The next day he went away.
The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
The dancer whirled around the hall.
The demand was summarily rejected.
Do not give in to those demands.
They set up their backs against the claim.
The leaves turn red in the fall.
Can the matter wait till tomorrow?
That dress matches her red hair.
The dress has a beautiful contrast between red and white.
Such a thing occurs frequently.
The infant has been exposed to radioactive rays.
The little boy sat on his father's shoulders.
We may not be able to afford it.
The extra room proved very useful when we had visitors.
I'll get in touch with you again when I know more clearly about that plan.
The prophecy came to pass.
The prediction was falsified by the result.
That evening tea was partaken of in a grim silence.
The dinner was superior in quality to the one he ate this evening.
We had a very good time at the dinner.
The eloquent campaigner was elected hands down.
The male ape is intelligent by nature.
It took ten years to build the amusement park.
The wealthy family built another large house.
There were a lot of people who came to ask after the famous actress.
The famous conductor lives in New York.
The famous doctor made a speech on AIDS.
That voter, Mary Johnson, turned out to be a Democrat.
I felt profound reverence for the courageous mother.
The brave captain saved his ship.
His brave deeds brought him a medal.
The brave knight steps forward and kisses the lady on the hand.
The well delivers a great deal of oil.
The manufacturer of the medicine is a Japanese company.
As soon as he took the medicine, his fever went down.
It is advisable for you to take the medicine.
The medicine made me very sleepy.
Put that medicine out of the baby's reach.
The medicine did wonders for his health.
The medicine decreased his pain.
The medicine had a wonderful effect on him.
The medicine didn't do me any good.
We haven't tried the drug out on humans yet.
If it is wrongly used, the medicine will be a poison.
The medicine tastes bitter.
The medicine worked marvels.
The medicine seemed to have no effect on the patient.
Does the medicine act on the stomach?
That medicine worked well for me.
The drug acts like magic.
The medicine had an immediate effect.
Does the medicine act quickly?
The drug acted quickly.
The effect of the medicine was amazing.
The medicine took effect.
The effects of the drug are intense but brief.
The medicine relieved him of his stomach-ache.
It's marvelous how quickly the medicine relieved my pain.
The medicine saved her life.
The medicine gave instant relief.
The medicine made me sleepy.
The medicine hastened the process of growth.
The promise still holds.
The official got the sack for currying favor with the contractors.
The official was suspected of accepting bribes from the construction companies.
I've never heard of the actor.
The official could not deal with the complaint himself.
The arrow fell wide of the mark.
The ambitious man became intoxicated with his own success.
The fields abound in wild flowers.
The baseball match will come off next week.
The baseball game got more exciting with each inning.
It was decided that the ball game be put off.
The baseball game was called off because of rain.
The baseball game was called off on account of the rain.
The baseball game ended in a draw.
The baseball game was so exciting that everyone stayed until the very end.
The spectators at the baseball match cheered their team on.
Who is the manager of that baseball team?
The manager of the baseball team is very strict. He is good at keeping the players in hand.
The baseball team is certain to win the next game.
I haven't yet had time to see about a hotel for the night.
I met her late in the evening.
We banqueted on lobster that night.
It was cloudy that night.
The night was very still.
The night was so chilly that when I returned I was almost frozen.
The night was so cold.
We spent most of the evening talking about our vacation.
Inside the tent that night she shivered with cold.
She had gone to the concert that evening.
They were very tired, hungry, and thirsty that night.
The sky was full of clouds that night.
A fire broke out during that night.
The gate is too narrow for a car.
The gate was too narrow for the truck.
The gate is closed at eight.
The gate is closed all the year round.
Examine the question in its entirety.
Let's talk over the matter.
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
You should consider the problem.
Let's look at the problem from a different point of view.
A committee has been set up to investigate the problem.
That problem was accepted.
We discussed the problem freely.
Why don't you look into the problem yourself? It's your responsibility.
Please bring the matter forward at the next meeting.
I'll reconsider the matter.
I solved the problem easily.
The resolution to the problem was close at hand.
Not a few pupils could solve the problem.
It was easy for him to solve the problem.
I found it difficult to solve the problem.
The problem is difficult to solve.
It is easy for me to solve the problem.
It is not easy to solve the problem.
I found it easy to solve the problem.
It is easy to solve the problem.
The solution of the problem took me five minutes.
It was impossible for him to solve the problem.
He was the only boy who solved the problem.
It was clever of Bob to solve that problem.
I have read a good many books to discover what the authorities had to say that made the matter a little plainer.
Tell me how to solve the problem.
She promised to look into the matter immediately.
We must deal with the problem instantly.
I'll check further into the matter.
We shouldn't leave the matter unsettled.
Don't trifle with the matter.
We must consider the question from every aspect.
Why not turn the matter over in your mind?
Let's leave the problem until tomorrow.
The problem remains unsolved.
I found the problem uncomplicated.
The matter is of great importance.
The problem perplexed him.
She could solve the problem, and so could I.
The problem is being discussed by them.
We can get over the problem without difficulty.
The problem is too difficult to solve.
The problem was too difficult for me to solve.
The problem was under discussion.
That problem has been shelved for the time being.
The question is not so easy that anyone can answer it.
The problem puzzled the public.
The question was much discussed.
The question began to assume a new character.
That question is under discussion.
The matter is of no importance.
We won't take up the problem.
The problem tortured the chief.
That problem naturally invited debate.
We will deal with that question in the next lesson.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
The problem will be on the carpet at the next meeting.
The problem has more to do with you than with me.
The problem was beyond my reach.
The problem is beyond the scope of my understanding.
The problem is outside my field.
The problem is beyond my power.
Leave the matter to me. I'll see to it.
Leave the matter to me.
The problem was too much for me.
The question doesn't concern me.
The problem was beyond me.
The matter is of great importance to me.
The problem bears heavily on us.
The problem began to assume an international character.
The problem is not worth consideration.
The matter should be tried in public.
Let's leave that matter for later.
The problem is far from easy.
You should consider the problem before coming to a decision.
The problem exacted a great effort to solve it.
The problem is as good as settled.
I considered the problem as settled.
You couldn't solve the problem, could you?
This problem is difficult to solve.
I found it easy to answer the question.
The question was hotly disputed in the meeting.
The problem closely relates to our everyday life.
The problem is not as simple as it might seem at first sight.
The committee were discussing the problem.
The question is before the committee.
I found the problem was easy.
Look into the matter more carefully.
The problem will soon be dealt with.
The issue fell between the cracks.
The problem still remains to be solved.
The subject has not yet been fully explored.
The problem is not settled yet.
Let the problem alone.
The problem defies solution.
The problem was so difficult that I could not solve it.
The problem was very difficult.
The problem is important on that account.
The problem was being discussed by the committee.
The problem has arisen from your ignorance of the matter.
The matter is all settled.
Subject closed.
The problems are inherent in this system.
The problems are easier than those I did yesterday.
The question excited much controversy.
The problem will resolve itself eventually.
The problem is being discussed now.
We will talk over the matter later.
There are complicated circumstances behind the matter.
He's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter.
He's racking his brains over how to deal with the matter.
You must bring home to her the importance of the matter.
The importance of this matter cannot be over-emphasized.
Please tell me the answer to the question.
We differed as to the solution to the problem.
The problem remains to be solved.
A resolution to the problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
Have you found any clues to the problem?
The solution of the problem took three years.
Let's try another approach to the matter.
There's no one here who can deal with the problem.
My answer to the problem came out wrong.
Your answer to the question is not correct.
I concentrated my attention on the subject.
His remarks on the subjects are much to the point.
Listen to the facts relative to the issue.
As far as this matter is concerned, I am satisfied.
So far as this matter is concerned, I am completely satisfied.
We should do justice to both sides on that issue.
With regard to the problem, they have another opinion.
There are books and books on the subject.
I disagree with you on the matter.
That gives me a headache!
The problem was beset with difficulties.
There must be some solution to the problem.
The question permits of only one interpretation.
Let's discuss the problem.
Let's debate with each other about the matter.
Let's discuss the problem with them.
I consulted him about the matter.
I had to think about the problem for quite a while before I saw daylight.
He turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it.
I have nothing to say with regard to that problem.
Please think about the problem.
The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
I don't have anything to say on that subject.
I have my own thoughts on that subject.
The problem was the death of me.
Don't dwell too much upon the subject.
His remarks on the subject are much to the point.
The issue divided the senators.
A conflict of opinions arose over the matter.
My memory is blank on the subject.
They are discussing the problem.
The problem has come to the fore again.
Whether the problem is important or unimportant, you must solve it.
I defy you to solve the problem.
If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
That aim is impossible to attain.
We concluded that mutual aid was essential for attaining the goal.
Their purpose is to help the poor in any place where they live.
I'm at a loss about what to do with the mess.
The blind men walked slowly.
The trees have exuberant foliage.
What happens to all the wood?
Don't cut down those trees.
The tree was blown down.
The tree cast a long shadow.
The tree cast a shadow across the road.
The tree has too many twigs and branches.
The tree fell over in the typhoon.
The tree is four feet around.
The trees are barren or bear only small fruit.
The tree is abundant in fruit.
The tree was ready to fall down.
The tree thrusts its branches far and wide.
The tree was clearly defined against the sky.
The tree is in bud.
The tree stands higher than the roof.
The tree stands even with the roof.
The tree is about as high as the roof.
The tree fell down by itself.
The tree grows very quickly.
The tree grew very tall.
The trees are planted at intervals of thirty meters.
The tree throws a shadow on the grass.
The tree is green all year round.
All the leaves on the tree turned yellow.
The leaves of the tree turned yellow.
It is pleasant to sleep under the tree.
I cut a branch from the tree.
Can you climb the tree?
The tree was struck by lightning.
The tree was heavy with fruit.
There are plenty of oranges on the tree.
Discussing the matter further will get you nowhere.
The colors of the pattern are very ordinary.
The niece looks like her aunt.
The good news brought tears to her eyes.
This superstition still lingers on among them.
There is nothing for me to do except to obey the order.
Some soldiers were reluctant to obey the commands.
I don't believe I've heard that name.
The name rang a bell in me.
Its name is Ken.
No person by that name is listed in the register of the school.
That name struck a chord.
Both girls have blue eyes.
The girl has a soft heart.
The girl screamed with fear, which we all shared.
The girl burst into tears.
That girl is so beautiful that she attracts even the most self-possessed men.
None of the girls are students.
The anarchist is apt to lose his temper.
The independent candidate took the abortion issue off his platform.
The dream has come true.
The dream was a mystery to me.
The dream has become a reality.
Look at the sleeping baby.
The democrat endeavored to accomplish his aim by himself.
The widow had to get through a lot of hardships.
The widow was dressed in black.
The widow suffered from stomach cancer.
The translation was true to the original.
The skyscraper rose above the other buildings around.
The translation is quite true to the original.
The translation is true to the original.
The translation was nicely true to the original.
The bookshelf is built in.
Did you read the whole book?
Please send the book by mail.
I'll send the book by mail.
I must get the book back from him.
I got the book back from him.
I wanted to buy the book, but I found I had no more than 200 yen with me.
I tried to read through the book, which I found impossible.
I got a lot out of that book I read.
It was not until I read the book that I knew about it.
Give me back the book after you have read it.
You've read through the book, haven't you?
While reading the book, I felt asleep.
Few people seem to have read the book.
Having read the book, I could answer all the questions.
I remember reading the book.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
I felt the richer for having read the book.
I found a new meaning whenever I read the book.
I cannot find time to read the book.
It won't take long to read that book.
You need a large vocabulary to read that book.
No one can read the book without crying.
Put the book back on the shelf when you're through with it.
Please return the book when you have finished reading it.
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
Give the book back to me when you are done with it.
Please lend me the book when you have finished reading it.
If you are done with that book, I'd like to have it.
I've finished reading the book.
Please read that book.
Didn't you read the book?
Hand me that book, please.
Did you order the book?
Give the book to whomever wants it.
Put the book back on the shelf.
Take down the book from the shelf.
Did you take the book back to the library?
I remember returning the book to the library.
I'd like to place an order for the book with the publishing company.
You may take the book.
Is it possible to buy the book at the bookstore in Akita?
Put the book back in the same place where you found it.
There is no hurry about returning the book to me.
Give the book back to the owner.
Put the book on the desk.
Read the book again and again.
You may borrow this book as long as you keep it clean.
Put the book back where it was.
Put the book where you found it.
Have you finished reading the book?
Put the book back where you found it.
Give me the book.
Bring the book to me, not to Tom.
Please put the book on the shelf.
Where did you buy that book?
It was Mr Hino who translated the book from Spanish into Japanese.
You'll find both of the books interesting.
Did you find the book interesting?
I'm afraid the book is beyond the reach of his understanding.
He sent me a letter asking if the book had reached me.
I found the book very interesting.
Are you through with the book?
This book is easy to read.
Who was the book written by?
You'll find that book in the historical section of the library.
You'll find the book in the library.
That book is familiar to all young children.
Parts of the book are quite good.
I found the book so interesting that I kept on reading it until daybreak.
Sorry, the book is out of stock.
I read the book in my second year of high school.
I have read the book before.
What is necessary is just to read the book, when free.
I have already read the book.
Have you done with the book?
I have not read all the books.
That book had a lot of pages.
None of the books are instructive.
Where is the book?
They have demanded that all copies of the book be destroyed.
I found the book interesting.
That book may be obtained at a moment's notice.
This book is interesting, also instructive.
Was the book interesting?
Put the book on the top shelf.
Put the book on the bottom shelf.
It is said that the book is a bestseller in Britain.
There are pictures on alternate pages of the book.
The more you read the book, the less you will understand it.
It is worthwhile to read the book.
There is a definite time to return the book.
Orders for the book poured in.
The price of the book was $5.
The principal theme of the book is the American Revolution.
You can omit the last chapter of the book.
I copied a passage from the book into my notebook.
Two pages of the book stuck together.
You may take either of the books.
What is the title of the book?
Not all of the books are instructive.
There were some ink spots on the book jacket.
Neither of those books is interesting.
Is there an index to the book?
There was a black jacket on the book.
There is an abundance of pictures in the book.
There are maps on alternate pages of the book.
His comments about the book were favorable.
What do you think about the book?
Whoever wants the book may have it.
Anybody who wants this book can be given it.
It is five years since the book was made into a movie.
I got much benefit from that book.
We can get a lot of valuable information from the book.
You may give the book to whoever wants it.
The pasture has an area of 10 acres.
There are about 500 cattle on the ranch.
The minister worked hard on behalf of the poor.
The clergyman has married three couples this week.
The outlook for the defense program is dismal.
The merchant accumulated tremendous fortune during the postwar era.
The sticks were laid across each other.
There was a flag at the top of the pole.
The storm brought heavy losses.
It will take a long time to suppress the revolt.
The riot was suppressed without difficulty.
The riot was soon put down by the police.
Not less than 10 people were arrested for being involved in the riot.
I could not make myself heard in the noisy class.
The hat stood out because of its strange shape.
The hat fits her perfectly.
The cap is too small for me.
That hat becomes you.
It is too small a hat for you.
That hat cost around fifty dollars.
You look funny in the hat.
The little boy is used to talking with grown-ups.
The boy can't tell a swallow from a sparrow.
The refugee crossed the line safely.
The exile yearned for his home.
The law was enacted in the Meiji era.
The law was enforced immediately.
The laws apply to everyone irrespective of race, creed or color.
The law is not in effect any longer.
The law has gone through parliament.
The law needs to be amended.
The law enables us to receive an annuity.
The law is still in effect.
The law doesn't apply to this case.
The law will be effective from the 1st of April.
The law, as it is, is not so severe.
The law kept people from playing football for a while.
The law is full of ambiguities.
It said that people could not play football in the future and that anyone who broke this law would be sent to prison.
The law does not apply to this case.
The bill passed at the last moment.
The bill is expected to be enacted during the present session.
The bill passed the Diet.
It is necessary that the bill pass the Diet.
I'm against the bill.
The bill at last went through.
Many people are against the bill.
I'm for the bill.
There was much argument against the bill.
There was much argument for and against the bill.
There is no possibility of the bill being passed.
It was foolish of him to trespass against the law.
Both of the means are dangerous.
The method was crude, but very effective.
The method was too expensive to be practical.
He is the one who comes after me.
Record the broadcast on tape.
The peak rises above the clouds.
The treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain.
It isn't known where the treasures were hidden.
The jewel was stolen during the night.
The treasure is still in the forest, where it is buried under a tree.
The report is not to be depended upon.
The news report spread all over the country.
The report has not been confirmed yet.
I dashed off the report.
Attention should be paid to even the smallest detail of the report.
The report was prepared in haste and had several misspellings.
The report states that there will be a depression.
The report was sent within the same day.
The report revealed that many teenagers are alcoholics.
Boil down the report to one page.
The report cannot be true.
The report is not encouraging sales wise.
The report is utterly false.
The report proved only too true.
The report is only too true.
The report turned out to be false.
The report turned out false.
That report was important because it pointed out all the errors the committee had made.
The report exaggerated the capacity of the hall.
The package was delivered yesterday.
The mother didn't know what to do with her son.
The mother used her own milk to nourish the baby.
The mother laid her baby on the bed softly.
The mother was still grieving over her child's death.
The mother is very anxious about her children future.
The mother was reluctant to leave her children alone.
The mother insisted on her.
The mother is looking for a babysitter.
The mother may well be proud of her bright son.
The mother may well be proud of her wise son.
The prisoner of war bore himself with great dignity.
You pay 10,000 yen a month as an insurance premium.
The lawyer's fee was very high.
The lawyer went out with the secretary.
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
The lawyer spoke on and on.
The lawyer said he would speak on behalf of Mr. Smith.
The lawyer has a fair income.
The lawyer has a lot of wealthy clients.
Can I book two seats on that flight?
The note is embossed with the school emblem.
The answer irritated me.
That was the answer I wanted.
I was taken aback at the answer.
Don't set foot in that neighborhood.
The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow.
I don't know about things like that.
Can't you see a stapler somewhere around there?
Let's wait around for her.
The editor and the publisher are both my cousins.
The odd custom is peculiar to the region.
Where did you find that strange thing?
The villa was harmonious with the scenery.
The cottage was clean and tidy.
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.
The wall is partly covered with ivy.
The wall is thirty yards long.
Don't lean against the wall.
There were scribbles all along the wall.
Its surface was as flat as a mirror.
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
The wall wasn't high enough to keep dogs out.
The soldiers were disaffected toward the government.
The soldier acted bravely.
The soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy.
The soldier was wounded in the leg and couldn't move.
The soldier was wounded in the leg.
The soldier was killed in action.
The soldier lay injured on the ground.
The soldier gave his name.
The soldier made light of his wounds.
The soldier carried on as if his wound was nothing.
The soldier was not in the least afraid to die.
The soldier lay dying.
The soldier disdained shooting an unarmed enemy.
The soldier lay in agony on the bed.
The soldier gave water to me.
The soldiers turned traitor.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
The soldiers were equipped with weapons.
The soldiers were exposed to the enemy's fire.
The document was distributed to all department heads.
These messages have to be read between the lines.
A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
Please forward the document to the administrative office for review.
The document is neither genuine nor forged.
We regarded the document as belonging to her brother.
The document passed into the enemy's hands.
The document records that the war broke out in 1700.
The phrase is meant to insult people.
The sentence is not grammatically accurate.
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.
The sentence is free from grammatical mistakes.
You should omit this word from the sentence.
It is impossible to resolve the conflict.
By that, Boeing means that there may also have been other problems, but that an accident could have been avoided if the crew had done their job correctly.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
The physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion.
As usual, the physics teacher was late for class.
The object flew away to the south, giving out flashes of light.
The surface of the object is fairly rough.
Can you describe the object?
The substance is light enough to float on the water.
The substance must be treated with acid.
I remember hearing the story once.
The story concluded abruptly.
The story approximates to historical truth.
The story is at once interesting and instructive.
The story ends with his death.
The story is founded on tradition.
The story revolves around a mysterious adventure.
The story has come down through many years.
The story is based on fact.
The story is good except that it is a little too long.
The story has been passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth.
The story lived on, passed from person to person.
The story was full of marvelous happenings.
The story was adapted for the movie.
The story ends happily.
How long is that story?
The tale is familiar to us.
The setting of the story is Japan in the late Meiji period.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
The story has in it something of the element of tragedy.
On hearing the noise, my brother started to cry.
When did you hear the sound?
That sound distracted my attention from reading.
The noise awoke me from my sleep.
The noise will wake the baby up.
Nobody could explain how the thing was made.
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.
Why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it?
That dress shows off her figure to advantage.
That dress becomes her very well.
That suit wears long.
The dress is newly designed.
The dress becomes you.
That looks smart on you.
Those clothes suit you well.
The balloon was carried away somewhere by the wind.
That custom is quite foreign to the Japanese.
The scenery is beautiful beyond description.
That custom is on the decrease.
The beauty of the scenery was beyond description.
The view is beautiful beyond words.
Did you put a stamp on the envelope?
That wind blew out our last candle.
The troops were retired from the front lines.
Those tribes inhabit the desert all year round.
That tribe worships its ancestors.
The tribe worships its ancestors and speaks its own language, and speaks an unfamiliar language.
Members of that tribe settled along the river.
Members of the tribe settled down along the river.
It took me three days to clean the room.
Will the room be available for the meetings?
I'll give the room a good cleaning.
Does the room have air conditioning?
The room is being painted by him.
The room has been empty for a long time.
The room was in disorder.
The room is richly ornamented.
The room was illuminated with red lights.
All was quiet in the room.
The room is full of people.
There's not enough light in this room for sewing.
The room was filled with people.
The room is furnished with two beds.
The room is too small to play in.
The room is warming up.
The room was littered with scraps of paper.
My brother and I shared the room.
The air in that room was thick with the enthusiasm of the participants.
The room is spacious and light.
The room commands a fine view of the lake.
The room had a nice cozy feel.
I found the room empty.
The room looks out on the ocean.
The room is ready for us to move into.
The room was crowded with furniture.
Does the room have a bath?
The room is at the end of the hall.
The room was decorated with flowers for the party.
How cold it was in the room!
The room was in a perfect order.
The room is cleaned by Mrs. Smith.
The room wasn't cleaned by Kate.
Nothing in the room matches with anything else.
The room is now ready for you.
There were various objects in the room.
Don't play ball in this room.
What are the dimensions of the room?
The people in the room all know one another.
The atmosphere in the room was hot and smoky.
The guests in the room were twenty in number.
The room will be painted tomorrow.
The room echoes with his voice.
No sooner had I entered the room than I noticed the smell not only of tobacco but of gas.
The minute I entered the room, they stopped talking.
I had to stoop to go into the room.
Entering the room, I found her playing the piano.
You must not enter the room.
The room was bathed in sunshine.
There wasn't anyone in the room.
There was a lot of furniture in the room.
The room has two windows.
The room was empty except for a shabby bed.
There was nothing but an old chair in the room.
The room was devoid of furniture.
There was almost nothing in the room.
There is a piano in the room.
There is a television in the room.
In the room there were four boys, who were playing cards.
There were two hundred people in the room.
All were quiet in the room.
The production has visual appeal for the audience.
The spoiled meat had a nasty smell.
The father wouldn't accept his daughter's boyfriend.
The father will look after her all by himself.
The father and his son were very alike.
He made no effort to accept his daughter's boyfriend.
That love affair is a family secret.
The site is used for military purposes.
The lady came from a good family.
The lady remained silent.
The lady wore a necklace of pearls.
The woman was so surprised as to be speechless.
The women were so surprised as not to be able to speak.
The lady is over eighty.
It was said that the lady had been an actress.
It was said that that lady was an actress.
The lady has a graceful manner.
The lady's funeral was held at the local church.
The ladies are looking after the children whose parents are employed in factories during the daytime.
The doctors were wrong to condemn the couple.
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
The couple lived a happy life to the end.
The couple named their first child Mark.
The couple doesn't fight often these days, but they used to a lot.
The couple led a happy life.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
The couple have no less than seven children.
A son was born to the couple.
It is hard for the couple to live together any longer.
The attendant is good at flattery.
The delinquent boy was arraigned for stealing a bicycle.
The real estate broker was lavish in his spending in Ginza.
The real estate man told lies to the couple.
He went insane from the unhappy accident.
The unhappy woman, drowned in tears, told her story.
The unhappy event made him put an end to himself.
The misfortune deprived her of her reason.
Fill the bottle with water.
The clumsy man envied her extraordinary talent.
The poor old man was reduced to just a skeleton.
The poor man finally became a great artist.
That poor family lives from hand to mouth every month.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
The dying man made an effort to say something, but could not.
I buy the goods at $3 a dozen.
The article is genuine.
The goods were entered to her.
That article is out of stock.
It'll be two weeks before you receive the article.
The article is nowhere to be had.
The sick man required constant attention.
The sick person had the best of care.
The patient is up and about.
That patient cannot hold out through the summer.
The sick man's life is in danger.
Nobody knows how long the sick man can hold on.
It is said that the disease has been spreading.
That disease is incurable.
The effects of the illness were not serious.
The disease is prevalent in the area.
The sick woman cannot eat just anything.
The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
The sick boy is growing stronger each day.
The disease left Mike unable to walk.
To prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task.
The hospital opened last month.
The hospital was barred from doing business for three years.
The hospital wants nurses to care for its patients.
The hospital provides around the clock service.
The unpopular politician was frequently given the razz by the crowd during his speech.
The glacier moves but by inches.
The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
The ice is too hard to crack.
The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.
The ice is very thick.
The sign indicates the way to go.
The sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here.
A revised edition of the encyclopedia was published.
The author doesn't display much talent in his book.
It is worth visiting that museum.
The art exhibition is now being held in Kyoto.
The beauty of the sight is beyond description.
Words cannot describe the beauty.
The beauty is beyond description.
The beautiful bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
I guess that the beautiful girl will say goodbye to the shy young man.
The beautiful woman is kind.
The beautiful scenery fascinates every traveler.
The beautiful color of the sky soon faded away.
The beauty of the music brought tears to her eyes.
The airplane accident took place yesterday, a long way off at sea.
The airplane is scheduled to arrive at Honolulu tomorrow morning.
The airplane flies at a speed of five hundred kilometers per hour.
The airplane used a rocket motor to assist with takeoff.
The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
The plane crashed suddenly.
The flight was cancelled because of the thick fog.
The plane is on the way from Tokyo to Italy.
The airplane is capable of supersonic speeds.
The airplane landed at Narita Airport.
The plane made a perfect landing.
The plane should have arrived at Kansai Airport by now.
The plane is now operational.
The plane climbed to an altitude of 10,000 meters.
The airplane took off ten minutes ago.
The plane took off at exactly nine o'clock.
The plane took off at exactly ten o'clock.
How did the plane crash come about?
I had no choice but to take the plane.
I was just in time for the flight.
There were fifty passengers on the plane.
All communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off.
Please advise me of the cost.
The expense is chargeable on him.
All the expenses will fall on the sponsor.
The secret will soon get out.
I promised not to breathe a word of the secret.
Keep the secret to yourself.
The secret came to light at last.
There was danger lest the secret become known.
The man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed.
The secretary is good at English in addition to being beautiful.
The secretary gave me an agreeable smile.
The secretary proved to be a spy.
The leather jacket has worn out at the elbows.
The figurative meaning is no longer in current use.
What the critic says is always concise and to the point.
The door is opening now.
The door is open now.
The door was closed for good.
The tragic news drove his mother mad.
The tragedy must be remembered so that it is not repeated.
The sad story came home to her.
The sad story made my heart ache.
It is up to me to tell the sad news to her.
She could not but cry at the sad news.
The tragedy left a scar on my mind.
Her eyes were filled with tears when she pictured the sad scene to herself.
The girl lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The girl is lonely.
The hostess couldn't possibly put up with his arrogance.
The TV program seemed very interesting.
The program is on the air.
The program was broadcast over the radio yesterday.
The television serial is getting more and more interesting.
The program will be on the air before long.
That program is broadcast every other week.
Your number doesn't answer.
I'm sure I have the right number.
We had a splendid dinner that evening.
That evening I left my tip under a coffee cup, which I left upside down on the table.
Not a star was to be seen that night.
I doubled up with a stranger that night.
There was a moon that night.
It was very cold that evening.
It was very sultry that night.
We spent all of that night, the next day, and the next night in the cellar.
I spent the whole evening reading the poetry of Kenji Miyazawa.
I can't stand the noise.
The criminal gave himself up to the police.
The criminal is sure to do time for robbing the store.
The criminal had to conceal his identity.
The criminal is still at large.
It was horrible to hear about the crime.
That crime is punishable by death.
What is the main cause of the crime?
The board is about two meters long.
The board is strong enough to bear the weight.
How thick is the board?
Drive the nail into the board.
The army was called to suppress the revolt.
The traitor was deprived of his citizenship.
The judgement is very fair to both parties.
I will appeal against the sentence.
The hairstyle has caught on with the girl students.
The hairstyle soon became popular among young people.
The inventor is known all over the world.
The invention is accredited to Edison.
The invention was brought about by chance.
The announcement brought him to his feet.
The announcement exaggerated the number of casualties.
The power plant supplies the remote district with electricity.
That discovery was quite accidental.
The discovery will have a momentous effect on the treatment of cancer.
How is the discovery related to the progress of science?
We can apply the discovery to various uses.
I was surprised at the discovery.
The greengrocer is very kind to his customers.
The fields yielded a good harvest.
Take that box away!
Shall I have that box?
Take care not to turn the box upside down.
Don't look into the box.
Let me relieve you of that case. It looks heavy.
The box is made of wood.
You can tear the box open.
That is too small a box to hold all these things.
The box was too heavy for him to lift.
The box is too heavy to carry.
The box was too heavy.
The box serves me well.
The box is light enough for a child to carry.
The box is leaning to one side.
The box is covered with a large sheet of paper.
The box is almost empty.
The box was almost full.
The box was so heavy I could not move it.
The box was so heavy that I couldn't lift it.
The box will serve as a table.
Leave that box where it is.
Is there anything in the box?
There are a lot of eggs in the box.
Don't put anything on top of the box.
Do up the box with decorative tape.
What's in the box?
The box bears the stamp of the manufacturer.
There was nothing in the box.
If you stuff the box too full, the bottom will fall out.
He claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness cannot be ruled out.
The explosion came about by accident.
The explosion did a lot of damage to the building.
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.
What was the cause of the explosion?
The tube was shattered by the explosion.
It is worthwhile visiting the museum.
That museum is worth visiting.
The museum is worth a visit.
It is worthwhile visiting that museum.
Is the museum visited by many people?
Is the museum open today?
The museum is closed now.
The museum is not open on Monday.
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
The museum is worth visiting.
The museum is open to the public.
I paid for the purchase in cash.
The museum has a fascinating collection of Celtic artifacts.
The purchase is on the company's account.
That cost me a lot in the long run.
The purchase brought his bill to 100 dollars.
I attributed the delay in delivery to a traffic jam.
The sight of the ruins brought home to him the meaning of war.
Where should we dispose of the waste?
The actor has a large yacht.
The actor went up in his lines on the stage.
The actor died at the height of his popularity.
The actor used to have the tailor make his suits.
The actor is two years senior to me.
The actor missed a line.
The actor looked his part.
The actor came out from behind the curtain.
The actor's death made big headlines in all the papers.
The actor has a hideaway in Colorado.
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
I agree with you that the actor is very talented.
The horse came first.
The horse broke its neck when it fell.
I don't think any of those horses is going to win.
The horse's flanks are hurt.
The farmer sowed his field with wheat.
The farmer regretted having wasted some wheat.
The farmer longs for the day when the grain ripens.
That farmer cultivated a 200 acre plantation.
The farmer rose at sunrise and worked till sunset.
The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
The farmer keeps his tractor in the barn.
The farmer employed five new workers.
The farmer cultivates a variety of crops.
The farm grows potatoes.
The barn was small, but it was strong.
The old farmer did not pay him much money.
The old teacher began to talk about the good old days.
They decided to settle down in Virginia that year.
The pension is not sufficient for living expenses.
There was a great lack of rice that year.
The plague occurred that year.
Spring was long coming that year.
Christmas fell on Saturday that year.
That year's buzzword was digital: digital clocks, digital microwave ovens, even digital pens.
The largest recipient of Japan's ODA that year was China.
They say that since it was bitterly cold in Northern Europe that winter, many people were frozen to death.
Steel production of the year was the highest on record.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
Car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles.
At her age, she still preserved the appearance of a young girl.
The old man got off the bus.
The cat ran away into the room.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
The cat crouched down ready to jump.
The cat clung to her dress.
The cat lay at full length on the road.
The cat seems to want some water.
The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
The cat likes to sleep beside me.
The cat took advantage of the high grass to creep on the bird.
The cat is liked.
The cat upset the can of fish so that it could eat them.
The cat slowly approached the mouse.
The cat came near being run over by a truck.
The cat drinks milk.
The cat is liked by Mike.
The cat is very cute.
One of the cats is black, the other is brown.
She knew herself that it would be very difficult to carry out the mission.
Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese-style garden.
That Japanese word has no equivalent in English.
He was bewildered on that day.
The time and date suited our coach.
I rode fifty miles that day.
From that day forth he lived with the boy.
Would you mind drawing down the blind?
The day was stormy, and what was worse still, it was thundering.
It was an unfavorable day for baseball.
That day shall come.
It being Sunday, there was no school.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The day was bright, nor were there clouds above.
That day it had looked like rain since morning.
It was a fine day, so we went swimming.
The day turned out to be fine.
It was a really beautiful day.
That day was made a holiday by an act of the diet.
We spent the day in the open air.
The day turned out wet.
It was very windy that day, and I had my umbrella blown inside out.
It was cold that day, and moreover it began to rain.
It was chilly that day.
The day was rainy, and what was worse, thundering.
The fire isn't very hot, so it won't heat the kettle.
I couldn't speak well that day.
That's a bad day for me.
We had fine weather on that day.
It happened that there was a meeting on that day.
The beauty of the sunrise was beyond description.
After the day's work, I was tired to death.
He was absent on the particular day.
The hall allows children in only on that day.
I left my wallet at home on that particular day.
There could be no doubt as to who the man was.
It happened that he was out that day.
I am living from day to day.
The weather varies from day to day.
From that day on, we helped him learn Japanese.
That day proved to be the turning point in his career.
On that day, Japanese flags were flying.
The doctor examined over fifty patients that day.
The meat is frozen.
The meat tastes bad.
None of the meat was fit to eat.
That's the meat of a hen.
All the meat was bad.
The meat is smooth and soft.
The meat was giving off a terrible smell.
Tell me which of the two cameras is the better one.
It was I who first introduced the two.
The two men shook hands with each other the minute they were introduced.
The two boys traveled throughout the land.
The two boys are much the same in English.
The two boys began to blame each other.
The two children were of an age.
The two boys never get along.
The two sisters became more and more famous.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
The two brothers are as like as two peas.
The two brothers are very much alike.
The two young girls smiled happily.
A war broke out between the two countries.
The two houses stand side by side.
The two villages adjoin each other.
Those two experiments yielded similar results.
Years intervene between the two incidents.
There are subtle differences between the two things.
There is no chance of a union between the two countries.
Those two ideas are quite distinct.
The contrast between the two ideas is very marked.
There's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words.
The two meetings clash.
The two companies combined in a joint corporation.
I don't like either of them.
Don't touch that pan! It's very hot.
It is no use trying to solve the riddle.
Have you worked the puzzle out?
Let's try to solve the riddle.
I can't figure out how to solve the puzzle.
Give me the details of it.
The shy pupil murmured his answer.
The shy boy murmured his name.
The shy boy was utterly embarrassed in her presence.
There is no need to be unnecessarily anxious about the outbreak.
The dictator had the absolute loyalty of all his aides.
The dictator enforced obeisance on the people.
The dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
We should keep away from the poisonous plants.
The correspondent filed a report from Moscow.
The privilege is reserved exclusively for women.
The road is ten feet in width.
The bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance.
The road is parallel to the river.
The road was clear of traffic.
The road is under repair.
The road is inadequate for the amount of traffic which it carries.
Cross the road with care.
The width of the road is insufficient for safe driving.
There are some depressions in the road.
The path is bordered with hedges.
Go straight up the street for about 100 meters, and you will get to the junction of three roads.
The road wound through the fields.
The road runs from Tokyo to Osaka.
The roads are jammed with cars.
The road came to a dead end.
The road is too narrow for cars.
The road curves gently towards the west.
This road leads to the station.
The path is broken.
The road turns left there.
The street is somewhere along here.
The cave is easy to access.
The cave was so dark that they had to feel their way.
Was the cave found by the boys?
A monster was believed to live in the cave.
The cave did for our hiding place.
The same sentence could have the force of a command.
Those animals can be seen in the Northern Hemisphere.
There are some strange animals in the zoo.
You must catch the animal alive.
Is it possible for me to raise the animal?
When we saw the animal so near us, we ran away in terror.
The animal struggled to get out of the cage.
That animal feeds on flesh.
The animal died from hunger.
The animal made a squeaking sound.
They took a vote on the motion.
The bank director was held in high regard.
The smart boy could solve all the difficult problems with great ease.
The china was displayed in a special cabinet.
The potter's lost his cunning.
My voice was ignored in the discussion.
The results of the survey will be announced in due course.
The answer misses the point.
To learn the answer you must know a little about the magnetic field around the world.
The answer was marked wrong.
The answer is completely wrong.
Isn't the answer easy?
The answers are both incorrect.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
In those days, few people could travel abroad.
When I look back upon those days, it all seems like a dream.
In those days, I went to bed earlier.
There were no radios in those times.
In those days, I was still a student.
In those days, he lived in the house alone.
A savage tribe lived there in those days.
The investment now yields him 6%.
In those days, America was not independent of the United Kingdom.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
What animals inhabit those islands?
Whenever I visited the island, I was impressed with the beauty of nature.
By whom was the island discovered?
The island is cut off far from the mainland.
Seen from the plane, the island looks very beautiful.
The island is to the south of Japan.
The island lies to the west of Japan.
The island is covered with ice and snow during the winter.
The island was struck by the typhoon.
The island is easy to reach by boat.
The island is a paradise for children.
Every part of the island has been explored.
The island is about two miles off the coast.
The island lies a mile off the coast.
The island is warm all year.
That island was governed by France at one time.
82% - more than four-fifths - of the island's exports is agricultural produce.
The airfield on the island is now covered with weeds.
The islanders are asking us for help.
The inhabitants of the island are friendly.
The new law was enforced on the people of the island.
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
Few people live on the island.
It was hard for them to get to the island.
It has never snowed on the island.
There were no signs of life on the island.
There is no living on the island.
There are still some savage tribes on that island.
There is no regular boat service to the island.
The island abounds with rivers.
The island was inhabited by a fishing people.
The island has a fine harbor.
The island is very easy to reach.
No animals are to be found on the island.
It was suggested that the tower be restored.
Many years have been spent in building the tower.
The tower fell into ruin.
The tower stood amid the ruins.
The tower is going to collapse.
The tower rose up against the blue sky.
The tower is as high as 220 meters.
The tower leaned slightly to the left.
The tower can be seen from here.
The tower was easy of access.
The height of the tower is above 100 meters.
The tower commands a fine view of the lake.
It rained a great deal during the winter.
During that winter, writing occupied most of my free time.
The Party won a sweeping victory at the general election.
The party is mainly made up of working women.
The party gained ground rapidly.
The tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
The slave ran away for his life.
The slave was anxious to alter his destiny.
Everyone was very surprised to discover that the slave girl was in reality a princess.
The slaves were working like so many ants.
A bulldozer was used to level the lane.
A quarrel arose about what to do with the land.
Does the soil suit vegetables?
The land descended from father to son.
The land descended to his family.
The estate was adjudged to the oldest son.
The land is out of crop this year.
The land slopes gently toward the river.
The land yields heavy crops.
The land was converted into a park.
The property was purchased with laundered political money.
My idea of that place is not very clear.
The land came into the market.
The soil retained richness.
The efforts brought about no effect.
The city is laid out with beautiful regularity.
The highway leading to the city is now free of fallen rocks.
The city fell to the enemy.
The city is notorious for its polluted air.
The city is most famous for its automobile industry.
The city has rapidly expanded recently.
The city is hosting the fair.
Boston has grown rapidly in the last ten years.
The city revived with greater vigor.
The city was taken by the English in 1664.
The city was well fortified except on this side.
The scenery of the city reminded me of London.
It is well known that the city has a high crime rate.
The inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water.
The rapid growth of the city surprised us.
I've never heard of that city.
All the roads leading into the city are full of cars.
There are a few nuclear bomb shelters in the city.
TV may be seen on six channels in that city.
The gambler lost a good deal of money.
The climber stayed alert while climbing the precipice.
The Alpinists carried out the ascent, but they did not return safely.
The telegram was a trick to get her to come home.
If you touch that wire, you will receive a shock.
The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable; in addition, they never run on time.
The train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
The train was delayed on account of snow.
The train arrival is to the second!
The train was crowded.
The train departs here at 9:00 a.m.
The train arrived in Kyoto on time.
That car is quite up to date.
Those trains run every three minutes.
The train will arrive here before long.
You'll get there in time, so long as you don't miss the train.
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.
The electrical appliance must have been damaged in transit.
The rice field lies waste.
The means of communication can include letters, magazine and newspaper advertisements, radio and television commercials, and telephone marketing, as well as catalogs.
The infectious case was isolated from other patients.
The legend has come down in this district from olden times.
I can not get the message through to her.
Telephone him if the message is important.
I am unable to agree on that point.
There's no mistaking about that.
I can't go along with you on that point.
I can't necessarily agree with you on that point.
I differ from you on that point.
In that respect, my opinion differs from yours.
You have him there.
I can't agree with you here.
In that respect, I agree with you completely.
We are all one on that point.
The clerk was dismissed on the grounds of her rude manners.
The salesperson persuaded her to buy the dress.
They sell imported goods at the shop.
The store deals in vegetables.
The store opens for business tomorrow.
The shop is closed at nine every evening.
The store can supply us with anything we need.
The store is open all the year round.
The shop is closed on Sundays.
The shop is closed on Sunday.
That store sells meat and fish.
The store is across the street.
The shop is on the corner of the street.
The store was just off the street.
I hear the store is in the center of the city.
The store raised all the prices.
The store is notorious for charging high prices.
The store was not a big one, was it?
The store carries earthenware.
That is a reputable store.
The shop was crowded with young people.
The store is just across from my house.
The store is close to my house.
The store happened to be crowded last night.
The store happened to be crowded yesterday.
The store is not open today.
The shop is closed today.
The store is closed Mondays.
The shop is open from Monday to Saturday.
The store is just across from the theater.
The shop is kept under police supervision.
The shop carried leather goods.
The store was crowded with holiday shoppers.
The store has a large stock of wines.
The store offered special discounts during the summer.
The store might be closed already.
The shop is just in front of the station.
The store has numerous items to sell.
Is the store near at hand?
The store lost its trade to the supermarket.
When is the store open till?
The store closes at seven.
The store closes at eleven.
Running the store is becoming a burden to him.
I go near that store myself.
The shop windows display the latest fashion.
We found only a small number of customers in the store.
There was no one in the shop to wait on me.
There were not more than ten customers in the shop.
There's only one store on the island.
I met her in the store by accident.
Foreign books are sold at the shop.
The shop sells a variety of goods.
They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
The shop sells expensive accessories for women.
They sell sugar at the store.
They sell textbooks at the bookstore.
At that store, they deal in fish and meat.
They deal in shoes and clothes at that store.
They sell candy, cookies and what not.
The shop sells articles of all kinds.
At that shop they deal in kitchen utensils.
Put what you get at the store to my account.
The exhibition will be held next month.
The exhibition was a product of his imagination.
The exhibition is well worth a visit.
The exhibition is now open.
The exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization.
That observatory stands in a good location.
Three persons were killed and ten were severely or slightly injured in the railway accident.
The railroad is now in the process of construction.
The railroad divides into two after the bridge.
Rust ate away the iron bar.
The drowning man grasped at the rope.
The burglar is used to staying up late.
The thief was traced by the stolen goods.
The thief ran fast.
The robber tried to plunge the knife into the boy.
The thief admitted his guilt.
The thief ran away at the sight of a policeman.
The thief ran away at the sight of a detective.
The thief disguised himself as a policeman.
The thief disguised himself as an old lady.
The thief reluctantly admitted his guilt.
How did the thief manage to avoid being caught?
The robber stood surrounded by ten policemen.
Can you give me a brief description of the thief?
Just pass such an insult.
That sum of money won't make or mar us.
I was not in the least surprised, for I had fully expected as much.
That proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone, but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything.
Your offer is very attractive, but we will have to think about it.
The proposal met with opposition.
The proposal came up last week.
Although the proposal seemed like a good idea, they refused it.
I was unwilling to agree to the proposal, but it seemed that I had no choice.
Are you for or against the proposal?
We said in unison that we didn't agree to the suggestion.
The proposal has its good points as well as its bad ones.
I agree to the proposal in principle.
The garden is laid out in the Japanese style.
The garden is famous for its irises.
The garden is turning into a wilderness.
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.
The garden is at its best in spring.
The garden is tended with great care.
The garden was filled with flowers.
The garden has been professionally laid out.
There weren't any roses in the garden.
There are some pretty flowers in the garden.
There are all kinds of flowers in that garden.
The empire absorbed all the small states.
Even the periodical pay raise could not keep abreast of higher living costs.
The crane was standing on one leg.
It was the last crane she ever made.
It was the first of the one thousand cranes that Sadako had to make.
The angler felt a strong tug on the line.
The notice was badly printed.
That street was very noisy during the day.
She clearly does not mean it.
That street is very noisy.
The street runs along the river.
The street was empty of people and traffic.
The street was deserted after ten.
There is a large number of people and cars in that street.
The street is full of cars.
The street is very narrow.
The street is paved with asphalt.
There are stores on each side of the street.
There are cherry trees on each side of the street.
There's a hotel across the street.
Traffic on the street was really terrible.
There are many stores on either side of the street.
The trees that line the street have lovely blossoms in spring.
There are large houses along the street.
The street is named for President Madison.
The pain was more than he could stand.
There are various ways of enduring the pain.
The touching episode came home to me.
The sole survivor of the crash was a baby.
Few, if any, passengers survived the crash.
All the passengers aboard were killed in the crash.
As many as 400 passengers were killed in the crash.
The statement is not wholly true.
Where did you come across the rare stamps?
The two lines cross each other at right angles.
The bird was half as large as an eagle.
The bird spread its wings.
The bird was covered with white feathers.
The bird was half the size of a hawk.
The bird is in its nest.
That species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
Is the bird alive or dead?
The bird went up higher and higher into the sky.
The bird quivered its wings.
The bird went far away.
The birds are so tame they will eat from your hand.
The bird's wing was broken.
Can you measure the length?
Access to the mountaintop is difficult.
Divide its length and breadth by ten.
The long drought was followed by famine.
My teacher encouraged me in my studies.
Keep it up!
That's the way.
Keep it up.
That's the spirit.
The investigation is under way.
The results of the research were quite satisfactory.
It takes two years for the butterfly to mature.
How large is the audience?
Look up the town on the map.
If that city were a color, it would be a color with a quiet sort of dignity ... wine red, say.
I was interested in seeing the city.
Visitors to that town increase in number year by year.
The town has an air of prosperity.
The town fell into ruin.
The town is located in the extreme north of Japan.
The town gave birth to many men of note.
The town grew into a city.
The town was destroyed during the war.
The town developed into the center of the economy.
The city has a large population.
The town is an industrial community.
The town is supplied with water from a reservoir in the hills.
The city is at the foot of the mountain.
The town is famous for its old castle.
The town is two miles away from the coast.
The town lay buried for centuries.
The city was destroyed by fire.
That town looked prosperous.
It is long way to the town.
The town is famous for its hot spring.
The city is fifty miles above London.
The town has a European air.
The town lies just above London.
The town is supplied with water from the river.
The city can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car from here.
The town is always crawling with tourists.
That town is two miles away.
There was an old castle to the east of the town.
There is a nice park in the center of the town.
The population of the town was wiped out.
The town has beautiful surroundings.
Children in the town were taken away for safety.
The transportation system in that city is quite good.
There are high walls about the town.
On arriving in the town, he went straight to see her.
Having lived in the town, I'm not a stranger there.
The town is accessible by rail.
There were a few large old wooden houses in the town.
There is a market in the town.
The town has many high buildings.
The town has many narrow lanes.
Which is the best hotel in the town?
The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.
When did you get up that morning?
Let's have our picture taken with the statue in the back, shall we?
The statue was carved from a block of cherry wood.
The sculptor carved wood into an image of Buddha.
The sculptor belongs to the Renaissance school.
The sculptures are of great value.
The statue is dated 1920.
The monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
An immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
The prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The prominent psychologist resembles my uncle in appearance.
Its author is little more than a college kid.
The author made ten mistakes in as many pages.
The parking lot is free of charge.
The bug is still alive.
The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago.
That pole is not quite vertical.
The middle-aged women kept talking loudly all the way.
The middle aged man was charged with assault.
The key word is equality.
That used refrigerator was a real dog.
One of them is an actor, who is going to pretend to murder someone.
Among these there may be new sources of food fish and new species of other creatures.
Choose whichever of them is becoming to you.
The cup has a crack.
The bamboo gave but did not break.
The pond is 100 meters in diameter.
The pond was alive with tiny fishes.
The pond is too shallow for swimming.
The pond is very deep.
The pond was alive with various tiny fishes.
The pond is 3 meters deep.
Keep fire away from this pond.
There's a beautiful bridge over the pond.
There is little water in the pond.
Swimming in the pond is dangerous.
The whole country was covered with snow.
The legend gave the name to the place.
The district is abundant in natural resources.
It seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale.
Can you tell us about some of the natural features of that area?
Where can I get the map?
The old custom is still kept up in that district.
The broad lines on the map correspond to roads.
Without the map, he would have gotten lost.
But for the map, we could not have found the way.
The earthquake brought about disaster.
The earthquake was a terrible experience.
The earthquake smashed everything.
The earthquake created a tremendous sea wave.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
Only two people survived the earthquake.
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.
A fire broke out after the earthquake.
The whole village was laid flat by the earthquake.
The earthquake caused widespread damage.
The earthquake shook the houses.
The landlord used to be quite well off.
Game birds abound in the area.
That district is no longer a safe place to live in.
The area is notable for its scenery and wildlife.
The district is short of water.
The region is relatively rich in mineral resources.
It hardly ever rains in the area.
Because of fighting in the region, the oil supply was temporarily cut off.
Everyone around the area works hard.
Industrialization of the region must be carried out very carefully to avoid environmental destruction.
A generous tax break will be provided to foreign companies that set up factories in the area.
The anthropologist says odd customs do persist in the region.
People, goods and money are all free to move across national borders in the region.
Hundreds of people have starved to death in that district.
Food is still scarce in the region.
The post will fall vacant.
The stranger was too surprised to speak.
If he should hear the news, he would be shocked.
He jumped to his feet the moment he heard the news.
On hearing the news, she turned pale.
The news made her sad.
When she heard the news, she turned pale.
On hearing the news, he turned pale.
She jumped for joy the moment she heard the news.
On hearing the news, he shouted with joy.
On hearing the news, he rushed out of the house.
On hearing the news, everybody became quiet.
Scarcely had I heard the news when I felt inclined to cry.
She was trembling as she listened to the news.
The news filled her with sorrow.
Being told the news, she jumped for joy.
He lost his presence of mind at the news.
His shoulders sagged when he heard the news.
The news was a load off his mind.
I was at my wit's end when I heard the news.
His face turned pale on hearing the news.
I was very disappointed at the news.
Everybody was excited by the news.
The news made my hair stand on end.
I was not a little disappointed at the news.
The news left me wondering what would happen next.
I'm very glad to hear the news.
I was very happy to hear the news.
We were very disappointed to hear the news.
The news gratified us.
We are delighted at the news.
I was surprised at the news.
I felt like crying when I heard the news.
It was a relief to hear the news.
All were glad to hear the news.
I was very glad to hear the news.
Shocked at the news, she couldn't speak.
She was surprised to hear the news.
When I heard the news, I cried.
A blanket of silence fell over everyone when they heard the disappointing announcement.
The moment she heard the news, she turned pale.
I could not but sigh when I heard the news.
Everyone shouted for joy when they heard the news.
Hearing the news they all cried for joy.
I was beside myself with joy when I heard the news.
I am very pleased to hear the news.
The news can't be true.
We believed that the news is true.
The news made her very sad.
That news will besmirch his reputation for honesty.
The news was a blow to him.
Keep the news to yourself.
The news came out of the blue.
Many people were plunged into distress by the news.
The news caused alarm throughout the village.
The news hit me like a bolt from the blue.
The news was sensational.
I heard the news through the grapevine.
The news surprised him as much as it did me.
The news dashed our hopes.
It seems that the news was false.
The news was told to me by Ito.
The news disturbed her greatly.
Can the news be true?
She turned pale at the news.
The news caused her much pain.
The news filled me with astonishment.
I was astonished at the news.
I felt very troubled by the news.
We are excited at the news.
I am disappointed at the news.
I care nothing for the news.
She broke into tears at the news.
The news broke his heart.
The news made him happy.
His heart beat fast at the news.
The news added to his anxiety.
The news created a lot of confusion.
The news added to our happiness.
The news left me uneasy.
The news upset me.
The news confirmed my suspicions.
Upon finding the news true, she couldn't help but cry for joy.
Whether the news is true or false makes little difference.
It was not until few days later that the news arrived.
The price includes postage charges.
The price was in the neighbourhood of 50 dollars.
Does that include everything?
The price includes tax.
The price is reasonable.
Does that price include soup and salad?
The actor was on the stage for most of the play.
The man robbed her of her bag.
The man is enjoying windsurfing alone.
The man is checking in at a hotel.
The man was arrested as a spy.
The man must be over sixty, for his hair is gray.
The man was folding and unfolding his arms.
The man robbed the old man of the bag.
The man robbed the traveler of his money.
The man stood up.
That man is going on trial next week.
That man is on trial for the murder of a little girl.
The man was ashamed of being born poor.
The man puffed smoke into her face.
The man shoved her aside.
The man gave no heed to her loud protest.
The man robbed him of all his money.
The man assured us that she didn't commit the murder.
The man was branded as a traitor.
The man connected two wires.
The man suddenly started shooting his gun.
The man must be insane.
The man ran away.
The man got away from the city.
The man spoke in a low voice.
The man fell down on the ground.
The man watched the sun set below the horizon.
The man was a fountain of knowledge.
The man was too fat to move by himself.
The man was a total stranger.
The man was charged with theft.
The man blushed.
The man was drunk as a mouse.
The man answered to the description.
The man answers the description.
The man was lost sight of in the crowd.
The man slumped to the floor.
The man took the boy by the hand.
That man was standing a little ways away, but he turned when he heard Tom shout.
The man caught the girl by the wrist.
The man shot three birds with a gun.
The man aimed a gun at the policeman.
The man was given a life sentence.
The man denied having stolen the car.
The man couldn't so much as write his own name.
The man blew out his own brains.
That man can't have committed suicide.
The man pleaded self-defence.
The man turned out to be a private detective.
The man charged me with being irresponsible.
The man took my arm.
The man hit me on the head.
The man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot.
The man robbed me of my bag.
The man begged me for money.
The man made to grab at me.
The man asked me who I was, to which question I did not think it necessary to answer.
The man robbed me of my purse.
The man is liable to the death penalty.
The man was on the brink of death.
After three drinks, the man passed out.
The man committed murder.
The man was imprisoned for murder.
The man is wanted for murder.
The man attacked her with the intention of killing her.
There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
The man said he was innocent of the crime.
The man took up with his wife.
The man regained the use of his left arm.
The man wore a gun on his hip.
The man was held in police custody.
The man returned from his vacation full of beans.
The man used much money to gain power.
The man was handed over to the police.
The man is anything but honest.
The man groaned in pain.
The man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire.
The man walked round the corner.
She was sure the man was telling a lie.
The man fell in love at first sight.
The man wanted to have a drink.
The man lay asleep all day long.
The man drove his car at a uniform speed.
The man kept talking for an hour.
The man went begging from door to door.
The man sold his soul to the devil.
That man is skinny, but his wife is fat.
The young man tricked me into consenting.
The man blushed like a boy.
The guy was so childish that he couldn't resist temptation.
The man was in rags.
The man dashed the bottle against the wall.
The man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger.
What expensive pictures the man bought!
The man wore a mask of a tiger.
The man went off at last.
The man speaks English with a German accent.
The man finally confessed.
The man finally confessed what he had done.
The man beguiled me of my money.
The man was sitting on a fallen tree.
The man lives from hand to mouth and never saves a cent.
The man is suspected of having a hand in the affair.
The man admitted having broken into the house.
The man is too wise to do such things.
The man lost all hope.
The man lost no time in reading his paper.
The man lay motionless.
The man was used to treating this kind of wound.
The man had something under his coat.
The man built up a large fortune.
The man always cadges money from me.
The man tried to install his own antenna.
The man died of thirst in a dry country.
The man controlled the country for fifty years.
That man has one box.
The man stepped aside for her to enter the room.
The man was no better than a horse.
The man gave a big cry.
The man went to pieces when the judge said he would have to go to prison for life.
The man, whom I didn't know at all, knew about me well.
The man decided to wait at the station until his wife came.
The man glanced at the news program and was shocked.
Well do I remember the man's name.
The man's name was Francisco Pizzaro.
The man entered the next room.
The man lost his way in the woods.
The man died in a car accident.
The man looked at me.
The boy is totally dependent on his parents.
That boy watches over the sheep.
The boy mocked his friend for being a coward.
The boy is clinging to his mother.
The boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
The boy trotted to his father's side.
The boy is sick, though he doesn't appear so.
When the boy came in contact with the hot stove, he burned his hand.
The little boy held his mother's hand firmly when crossing the street.
I saw the boy in brown shoes.
The boy got sick from anxiety.
The boy lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The boy got his hands dirty.
The boy has learned to read.
The boy has never been to the zoo.
The boy is over there.
The boy caught the dog by the tail.
The boy began to cry.
The boy observed the birds all day.
The boy feared the dark.
The boy took the radio apart.
The boy narrowly escaped drowning.
Everybody laughed at the boy.
The boy was laughed at by everybody.
That boy won't tell me his name.
The boy was lying on his stomach watching TV.
The boy had the dish empty in a moment.
The boy deemed that he cheated in the examination.
The boy fell and scraped his knee.
The boy cut the cake in two.
The boy persisted in wearing his hair long.
The boy has been sleeping for ten hours.
The boy talks as if he were a great scholar.
Taking care of the boy is a great drain on her energies.
The man's behavior was very odd.
He knew nothing bad about him, but he felt something evil.
The man was devoid of such human feelings as sympathy.
The man has no house to live in.
Out rushed the man and his wife.
The man and his wife helped each other.
All the men are hardworking.
You must have nothing to do with the man.
I saw the man get ganged up on.
The man asked me for some money.
It is evident that the man is wrong.
She became scared when she noticed the man following her.
That man is alleged to have committed the murder.
The man robbed Susan of all her money.
It is not clear when the man was born.
The man's statement to the pretty girl that he was a millionaire was all eye-wash.
The man, Oedipus, trembled.
The organization is concerned with the welfare of the aged.
The organization plays a principal role in wildlife conservation.
The organization furnished the refugees with food.
The group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful.
The group consists of 50 students in all.
The group withdrew their support for the Government.
The group tried to solve social problems.
The group was made up of teachers and students.
The organization is not connected with any political parties.
The country's foreign trade totally depends on this port.
The mystery story is so hard that I don't like it.
The detective disguised himself as an old gentleman.
The detective has a lot of adventures.
It is difficult for me to pronounce the word.
Look up the word in the dictionary.
Look up the word in your dictionary.
I looked the word up in the dictionary.
I'm not sure how to pronounce the word.
I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
Tell me how to spell the word.
You had better look up the word.
Look up the word in the dictionary for yourself.
The word is not in my dictionary.
How is the word pronounced?
If you don't know the meaning of the word, you have to look it up in the dictionary.
If you are not sure about the meaning of the word, look it up in your dictionary.
Will you tell me how to spell the word?
The river runs through the valley.
There is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley.
You have too many books on the shelf.
The escape was nothing less than a miracle.
Great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
The falls are some distance below the bridge.
The first was the school uniform.
The continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
The millionaire began life as a poor boy.
The millionaire intended to purchase the masterpiece regardless of cost.
The president was a farmer when he was young.
When the big earthquake occurred, I was just ten.
The cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
The minister was in a fix over illegal dealings.
The minister was obliged to resign from the Cabinet.
The minister contradicted his own statement.
The minister, whom I spoke to recently, agrees with me.
The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
What was she doing when she made that blunder?
The cathedral had a religious painting on its ceiling.
The ambassador will be recalled from his present post soon.
Few passengers survived the catastrophe.
The chest is three feet wide.
The giant plane screamed down in an almost vertical dive.
How did you come by that much money?
The university has turned out competent doctors.
The university conferred its highest degree on him.
The university graduated 500 students last year.
The university was alive with a festival.
The college was founded by Mr Smith.
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.
Please tell me the requirements for admission to the college.
The president of the university is likely to resign.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
That university's curriculum covers natural science and social science.
They have a very good curriculum at that university.
The college has a placement bureau for students.
Who organized that meeting?
They say the landlord used to be well off.
The heavy rain brought floods in the valley.
That captain handles his troops well.
The large chain store created a new branch.
I don't know how to manage that large estate.
What is that big new building?
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
That big advertisement tower puts our city to shame.
He was very much frightened at the sight of the big snake.
The boy found the big box contained nothing but old newspapers.
Is it large enough?
The typhoon destroyed many houses.
The typhoon brought lots of rain to that area.
The typhoon did great damage to the village.
The damage from the typhoon was enormous.
The typhoon prevented our plane from leaving.
Three-fourths of the town was destroyed by the typhoon.
The typhoon resulted in a lot of flooding.
What is the altitude of the plateau?
The representative was absent from the annual conference.
Let's play cards instead.
Instead, he worked a switch that controlled his computer.
The loan bears an 8% interest.
The bag was big, and moreover, it was heavy.
I think these attitudes are behind the times.
The attitude holds good in such a situation.
It was clear that the lazy student would never live up to his family's expectations.
The weak boy was eliminated from the bitter contest.
The waiting room was so noisy that I couldn't hear my name called.
That fat girl consumes too much sugary food.
Will there be anything else?
He is a little slow, but otherwise he is a good student.
It is otherwise correct.
I will do anything but that.
What else do you have in your pocket?
The villagers thought him very generous.
The villagers have done without electricity for a long time.
The villagers serve their own needs by taking turns driving the bus.
The villagers, however poor, were kind to others.
There's narrow road to the village.
It's only two miles to the village.
The only access to the village is from the river.
You can reach the village by bus.
There is no bus service to the village.
The village is insulated from the world.
The village is now very different from what it was ten years ago.
The village was isolated by the flood.
The village tried to do away with school meals.
The village is many kilometers away from the seashore.
It will become more and more difficult to live in the village.
The village was isolated by the heavy storm.
In that village only one family remains.
The village lies 20 miles north of this town.
That village is a great distance off.
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.
The village lay in a valley about half a mile in breadth.
They were badly off in the village.
The village is free from thieves.
Most people in the village objected to the plan.
It seemed that there was no one in the village.
The village is now different from what it used to be.
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 people in the village.
There lived a pretty girl in the village.
The village is connected with our town by a bridge.
We will make up for the loss.
I am accountable to him for the loss.
The damage was covered by insurance.
After that, internal temperature begins to climb rapidly.
Is that as fast as you can go?
His son was expelled from school.
The gift is expressive of my feelings.
The gifts will delight the children.
The gift delighted the Indians very much.
The statue is carved out of stone.
The statue is missing its head.
The statue expresses freedom.
The statue was cast in a mold.
The statue was cast in bronze.
The noise continued for several hours.
Either turn down that noise or turn it off.
The noise kept me from sleeping last night.
The noise kept me awake all night.
Can you put up with the noise?
It took a long time to accustom myself to the noise.
I can't endure the noise.
I can't put up with the noise.
The noise is getting louder and louder.
The frost rendered the orange crop worthless.
The runner has firm muscles.
The runner got a good start.
The runner stole third base.
I wonder which of the runners will come first.
The device is attached fast to the ceiling.
You can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
The total came to ten dollars.
Please don't open the window.
It was this boy that broke the windowpane.
The difference is not so great for me.
The thin man paused in the shade with his knees a little bent.
The thin man took a rest in the shade of a shrine.
The quarrel originated in rivalry between the two countries.
After the conflict there were many dead on both sides.
It is impossible to catch up with the fast runner.
The operation is quite free from danger.
The warehouse was a front for drug traffickers.
The twins are very much alike.
The twins do resemble each other.
I can't tell one twin from the other.
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.
The twins look so much alike it's next to impossible to distinguish one from the other.
The twins look exactly alike.
The twins have come down with measles.
The twins were so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart.
The twins are as alike as two peas in a pod.
The twins are so much alike that I can not distinguish one from the other.
The twins looked after the baby.
The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.
The twin brothers are as like as two peas.
Can you tell one of the twins from the other?
Can you tell the twins apart?
The priest participated in the children's games.
The priest participated in the children's game.
The judge in the case was not fair.
The system will go into operation in a short time.
We detected a great fault in the system.
The accountability of the management of the organization is held in question.
That organization depends on voluntary contributions.
Have you heard anything about the organization?
The union has a dominant influence on the conservative party.
The union was modest in its wage demands.
The class consists of 50 boys.
You ought to think over whether the premise is valid or not.
Will I be able to get it before then?
What is the average height of the players?
Before that, we had better make sure of the fact.
The player performed a wonderful feat.
The player won the championship three times in a row.
The player contributed to the victory.
The player made a splendid comeback.
The player swung the bat at a ball.
The player was acclaimed by the fans.
That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament.
The athlete excelled in all kinds of sports.
Notice how the player uses his elbows.
The campaign succeeded and he won the election.
The captain went to sea when he was nineteen.
The storm will make it impossible for the ship to leave port.
A storm kept the ship from leaving Kobe.
The ship will set sail for Hong Kong tomorrow at 3 p.m.
The ship sails for Honolulu tomorrow.
The ship sailed around the cape.
The ship left every Monday.
The ship was stowed with arms.
The boat drifted out to sea.
The boat was broken by the floating ice.
The ship was drifting at the mercy of the waves.
The ship was at the mercy of the waves.
The ship made for the shore.
The boat sailed across the Pacific Ocean.
The ship will set sail at noon.
The ship was bound for Kobe.
The ship set sail only to sink two days later.
The ship is about to set sail.
The ship stands in need of repairs.
The ship gained on us.
That ship crossed the equator yesterday.
The ship is now in the harbor.
The ship carried hundreds of emigrants to the US.
The ship encountered rough seas.
The ship is at sea.
The ship is at anchor in the harbor.
The ship transports raw materials from Indonesia.
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.
The ship stopped a little way off the shore.
The boat drifted about on the sea.
The ship went down to the bottom of the sea.
The ship will arrive by way of several countries.
The ship will call at Yokohama.
The ship will touch at Yokohama and Kobe.
The ships were buffeted by the wind and the rain.
The ship is not equipped with radar.
The ship went down slowly.
The ship is bound for the Gulf of Mexico.
The ship is bound for Finland.
The ship was carrying a lot of passengers on board.
The ship was built at considerable expense.
The ship is at sea for India.
The ship was bound for Cairo.
The ship was flying the American flag.
The ship is called "Lost Ship."
The ship disappeared beyond the horizon.
The ship set sail.
They unloaded the ship.
The vessel was loaded with coal, lumber, and so on.
The boat was equipped with radar.
The ship abounds with rats.
It is clear that the ship sank.
We saw the boat tossing on the stormy sea.
The ship came in sight.
Its potential influence cannot be overestimated.
The washing machine is somewhat out of order.
The washing machine is out of order.
How do you find your washing machine?
The agitator is inclined to exaggerate trivial matters.
The fighter plane released its bombs.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
A lot of people starved during that war.
The war affected the way the Japanese view nuclear weapons.
The war was over at the price of many lives.
The war ended with many victims.
The war didn't break out by accident.
The war resulted from a mistaken policy.
The war took place 45 years ago.
The war lasted two years.
The war ended in 1954.
The tragedy of war must not be forgotten.
The war deprived them of their happiness.
As a result of the war, many people died.
Many people were killed in the war.
As a result of the war, a great number of victims remained.
In the war, many people died young.
It was the war which has changed Japan.
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.
The soldier worries about spears.
That fight seemed like a life-or-death struggle.
How long would it take to swim across the river?
The river flows between the two countries.
The river flows down to the sea.
The river is wide.
The river is fifty yards across.
The river is 50 meters in breadth.
The river is 35 meters across.
The river flows into the Sea of Japan.
The river flows along the north of island.
The river flows through the town.
The river furnishes electric power to the town.
The river winds through the forest.
The river has dried up.
The river discharges into a lake.
The river is dangerous.
The river flows through the city.
The river is polluted by waste from houses and factories.
The river has become much cleaner than before.
The river flows slowly to the sea.
The river runs parallel to the main street.
The river is about half as long again as the Thames.
The river is very beautiful around here.
The river is best at this point.
The river was not so clean.
The river has its origin in the Japan Alps.
A big bridge was built over the river.
A railway bridge is already being built over the river.
The river was alive with fresh water fish.
There is a bridge across the river.
Fish abound in this river.
They run a ferry service across the river.
There are plenty of fish in this river.
Don't swim in the river.
Have you ever tried skating on the river?
The profession is attractive to women.
The specialist predicts international tension will build up.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
The teacher answers every question we ask.
The teacher turned out to be sick.
The teacher looked over the examination papers.
The teacher grades easily.
The teacher is in charge of the third year class.
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.
The teacher is fresh from college.
The teacher is strict with his students.
The teacher has no authority with his students.
The teacher found it difficult to get his meaning across to the students.
The teacher is counted the best dresser in our school.
The teacher is counted as the best dresser in our school.
The teacher told us a funny story.
The teacher scolded his students severely.
The teacher emphasized the importance of education.
The teacher wants to do away with cheating on tests in school.
The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduates.
The teacher contemplated me for a while.
The teacher has always been easy to consult with.
That teacher is in charge of the third-year class.
The teacher speaks good French, not to mention English.
We ought to take the teacher's advice.
The snow lasted for two days.
I can't make head or tail of those directions.
His explanation was not satisfactory.
The explanation was beyond my understanding.
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.
The explanation may be much more complex.
His explanation of the problem adds up to nonsense.
The theory will find general acceptance.
The tickets were not available for Friday's performance.
The ticket is valid for a week.
The ticket is valid to April 29.
The ticket holds good for three days.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
Keep away from the vertical cliff!
The cut will heal up in a few days.
I saw the baby carried out of the burning house.
The baby soon fell asleep in the cradle.
The baby fell asleep in the cradle.
The baby takes after his mother.
The baby was the very image of his mother.
Is the baby able to walk?
The baby is able to walk.
It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying.
Who does the baby take after?
The baby weighed seven pounds at birth.
The baby showed a normal development.
The baby woke up in the middle of the night.
The baby transferred its affection to its new mother.
The baby is asleep.
The baby did nothing but cry.
The baby wept to sleep.
The baby kept crying all night.
The baby cried on and off all night.
The baby lay sleeping in the cradle.
The baby cried for milk.
The baby is crawling.
The baby often annoys the mother.
The baby will be able to walk soon.
The baby was fast asleep.
The baby was named Ichiro after his uncle.
The baby was sleeping all day long.
It fell to me to take care of the baby.
I did the washing while the baby was sleeping.
The baby can stand but can't walk.
The baby fell asleep.
The baby really takes after its father.
The baby cannot even walk, much less run.
The baby was named Alfred after his grandfather.
The baby is cutting his teeth.
The baby never kept still while I was taking his picture.
The baby did nothing but cry all last night.
The baby cried itself to sleep.
That baby does nothing but cry.
The baby has been crying for almost ten minutes.
The baby cannot walk yet.
The babies are taken care of by volunteers.
The baby began to crawl.
The baby is called Tom.
The baby tried to get at the red candle on the table.
The baby seemed to be sleeping a sound sleep.
The baby is playing with some toys.
The baby was taken care of by its grandmother.
The baby's growth is normal for his age.
The red hat blends well with your dress.
The fault is on the part of my father.
That responsibility is a burden to him.
He is to blame for it.
They hold me responsible for it.
The stone was so heavy that nobody could lift it.
The stone is too heavy for me to lift.
The stone was carved into a large statue.
The stone was inscribed with the date of his death.
That old tradition has disappeared.
Once there lived an old man in a village.
The tax bill was passed yesterday.
The tax bore hard on the peasantry.
The young man came out of the house opposite.
The young man burst into laughter.
The young man is quite suited for the position.
The blue dress suits her.
That blue dress suits you very well.
The product carries a high price tag.
The products are sold on a world scale.
Export of the product will start soon.
Building the steel factory was a great enterprise.
The manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for 5 years.
The industrialist found a wealthy financier to help him weather the storm which was inevitable.
The statement was not timely.
There wasn't a scrap of truth in the statement.
The statement imported that changes were necessary.
When he heard the voice, he looked out of the window.
The voice reminded me of my mother.
The priest pretends to be solemn in public.
Many people visited the shrine where the saint lay buried.
The vigorous man is engaged in diverse activities.
The biologist is proud of his historic discovery.
Both those students passed all the tests.
Some of the students like to draw pictures.
Not all those students are present.
That student runs fast, doesn't he?
The student did not so much as answer the teacher.
The pupil was half asleep in class.
The pupil held up his hand to ask a question.
That student sometimes affects illness.
The student missed class three times in a row.
The student has already solved all the problems.
The pupil was punished for smoking.
The student was caught in the act of cheating.
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
The student's progress is satisfactory.
The students were told to turn in reports by the next day.
All the students clapped their hands.
Some of the students played tennis, and the others played volleyball.
You had better see the cloth with your own eyes.
In its home country of Germany, the hot dog was called the frankfurter.
The stars shone all the time.
The star is so bright as to be seen with the naked eye.
The hair-dressing liquid gave off a strong smell.
The high-ranking government official ruled out the possibility of a general election.
The government oppressed the people.
The politician was not ashamed of having taken bribes.
The politician had sticky fingers, and 5% of every contract ended in his pocket.
The politician spoke with an important air.
The statesman is worthy of respect.
The politician had to take back his words and eat crow.
The politician said he was deeply indebted to everyone for their support in the election.
The politician did not bother to apologize for betraying our trust.
The statesman seems to be concerned with the affair.
The wife and son of the statesman died three years ago.
The politician first made a name for himself as an actor.
The statesman is now in full vigor.
The politician lost his position in the end.
That politician has been trafficking in drugs for years.
The politician claimed to oppose the conclusion.
The statesman barely coped with the intricate issue.
The statesman comes from Arizona.
The name of this statesman is known to everybody in Japan.
The statesman's death had a great impact on the political world.
When the politician died, everybody hoped the son would follow in his father's footsteps.
The political scandal was brought to light by two journalists.
We have to conclude that the policy is a failure.
The policy will only accelerate inflation.
This policy resulted in a great rise in prices.
The success animated him with hope.
I'm not overly interested in the event.
The uniforms are different from those of our school.
I have no personal hostility to the system.
All of us were not satisfied with the system.
The opinion poll was based on a random sample of adults.
The skit was presented by fifth grade students.
The fork made its way to Western tables several hundred years later, but it was not immediately accepted.
One king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years.
Those were the years when they were happiest.
The figure indicates approximately two thirds of the freshmen are indifferent to politics.
There seem to be few people who can solve that math problem.
Have you figured out the math problem yet?
The math homework proved to be easier than I had expected.
Have you learned the number by heart?
The drunken man awoke to find himself in prison.
The drunken man couldn't walk straight.
The drunkard had too much to drink; he has gone haywire.
The decline can be traced to the 1950s.
The swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood.
The water was fouled by oil.
The water runs downward to the pond.
The water is not fit to drink.
The water will come to a boil in 5 minutes or so.
The mystery contains more dialogue than narrative.
The figures are exactly alike.
The library has many books.
The library is now under construction.
The library is eighty years old.
The chart illustrates how the body works.
The anthropologist delivered a lecture on primitive cultures.
They are both working at the pet store.
They should have bold ideas.
The men were carrying the boy to the hospital.
They should also be fair to others.
The people are playing baseball.
The people tried to clear the street of snow.
The people don't like the birds.
The people resisted their cruel ruler.
The doll lay on the floor.
Covered with dust, the doll stood in the corner of the room.
The popular singer committed suicide.
That popular television series is going to spin off two new shows in the fall.
The man wrote down the name for fear he should forget it.
The man passed by without so much as glancing at her.
Is the man old or young?
The man is intelligent and industrious.
The man must have succeeded in business by virtue of his efforts.
The man is well-known all over the village.
The man died a few hours ago.
He was kind enough to take him to the shop.
They would think the person is modest or lazy.
The man tried to catch hold of me by the collar.
The man jumped at our offer of a half-price bargain sale.
The man is all but dead.
The man was dying.
The man went out of his way to take me to the station.
The man was surprised at the news.
The man is not concerned in this project.
The man died of cancer.
Did he look like a doctor?
The man extricated Ellie from a dangerous situation.
His name eludes me.
Can their families say this for them? Some people think this is a good idea.
What he said was over my head.
A man may be known by the company he keeps.
You can't judge a person if you don't know him well.
You cannot judge a person if you don't know him well.
I once met him when I was a student.
You ought not to speak ill of others behind their backs.
The man would jump at our offer of a half price bargain sale.
I met him once when I was a student.
How did you get to know that person?
The man stood up and began to sing.
They are just waiting for the storm to pass.
Those people appreciate clarity.
The people are on the team.
They should have a noble mind.
They are satisfied with the contract.
The man behind them is playing the piano.
They are having a chat.
I quite cottoned on to that man.
You don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect.
The gentleman is a very famous pianist.
Tell me what the gentleman is like.
I remember seeing the gentleman before.
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
The shrine was built two hundred years ago.
The decay of the shrine is due, in part, to acid rain.
The nervous girl is in the habit of chewing the end of her pencil.
Good care should be taken of the pearl.
The truth knocked the breath out of him.
The fact was brought to light.
Few people know the true meaning.
It was stupid of you to have turned down the offer.
I rejected the offer.
I accept the offer.
Your offer is a life-saver.
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
The offer is worthy of being considered.
The offer is too good to turn down.
The forest is full of birds and animals of all kinds.
The animals in the forest died off.
There lived an old couple in the woods.
Birds abound in the woods.
The new medicine demonstrated an immediate effect.
The manner in which the new salesman made top sales level was an eye-opener to his supervisor.
The newspaper recalled the special correspondent to the main office in Tokyo.
The newspaper company has ten aircraft.
The newsman has a nose for news.
Please give me the paper when you have done with it.
The newspaper alleged his involvement in the crime.
The newspaper has a large circulation.
The newspaper called for the government to stop inflation.
The paper published a profile of its new editor.
Are you through with the newspaper?
The circulation of the newspaper is only one-third that of its competitor.
The paper didn't carry the story.
I slipped on the paper and hurt my leg.
The new teacher clicked with the students.
The new boy is distant because he does not know us.
The new student became friends with Ken.
The new product is on sale.
The new product will not be distributed through conventional channels.
The rookie breathed new life into the team.
The advance reviews of the new film are very favorable.
The new couple have gone off to Hawaii on their honeymoon.
The newly married couple walked hand in hand.
The new model clicked with the public.
The new model car will be brought to market in May.
The new model car was put through several tests.
Those new model cars are on the market.
I learned about the new book by the advertisement in the magazine.
It is impossible to get him to understand the new theory.
The new theory is too abstract for ordinary people.
Your new hat is very becoming on you.
Under the new law, husbands can take days off to care for their children.
The new method was anything but ideal.
The new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty.
The new store is going to open next week.
The new method is well worth consideration.
The new title takes on a good connotation.
He argued that the new policy was bound to drive the economy into recession.
The new library has been under construction since last year.
The new document system is worth $4,000.
The new car is hers.
The new job challenged his skill.
The new nation is under the economic influence of Japan.
Someday the new research work will be completed.
The new building is enormous.
The new plan may bring into being a peace which will be lasting.
I cannot agree with you as regards the new plan.
The new bridge is under construction.
The new machine will take a lot of room.
Having discussed the new project for three hours, we concluded that Andrew's plan was the best.
The new machine will be in use.
The new school failed to take into account the special needs of young people.
The new movie was a big hit.
The new hotel invited suggestions from the guests.
The new plan is based on our idea.
The new tie goes with your jacket.
The new tunnel will link Britain and France.
The new designs are much better than the old ones.
The new style seems to have caught on this year.
The new supermarket was opened last month.
The umpire was partial to the team from his country.
The bedroom was laden with beautiful ornaments.
The devout Christian persists in his belief.
Cholera germs were found in the food.
The table groaned with food.
The food was not fit for man or beast.
The meal includes dessert as well as beverage.
The meal satisfied his hunger.
Diet accounts for more than one million deaths.
The food tasted slightly of garlic.
The food went bad in the hot weather.
The girl with fair skin passes for nineteen.
The color went beautifully with her hair.
The color goes against her taste.
That color is becoming to your face.
The colors shade from yellow into green.
The color is purple rather than pink.
We call that color "midnight blue".
Proper qualifications are required for the position.
The prime purpose of the profession is the rendering of a public service.
There were a good many candidates for the position.
Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.
The colony declared independence and became a republic.
The colony declared independence.
The colony has not declared independence as yet.
The roses were in full bloom in the botanical garden.
Pull the plant up by the roots.
Don't expose the plant to direct sunlight.
The plants were damaged by the late frost.
The plants were damaged by the frost.
The plants died for lack of water.
The plants withered because they had no water.
This plant grew little by little.
The plant ranges from the north of Europe to the south.
The plant has an underground stem.
The plants are peculiar to the district.
I will make certain of the situation.
I am sure the condition will turn for the better.
War broke out when the treaty was ignored.
The clause provides that all decisions shall be made by majority vote.
The treaty is now a dead letter.
Terms were signed between Japan, Germany, Great Britain and the United States.
I am not at all pleased with the condition.
We will only consent on that condition.
The information was quite useless.
The information was given away to the newspaper prior to the announcement.
The information is useful to a great many people.
Some of the information is very important.
The correctness of the information is doubtful.
The information counts for much to us.
The information is in a file in my computer.
The information is very important to us.
This was faulty information.
The information reinforced his opinions.
The passion has burned itself out in him.
I want to see the scene in slow motion.
The scene was embedded in his memory.
The scene impressed itself on my memory.
The scene was shown in slow motion.
Whoever visits the place admires its beautiful scenery.
I have visited the place time after time.
The place was alive with creative young people.
The place is worth visiting at least once.
The place is very much built up now.
The place is convenient for swimming.
The place is certainly worth seeing.
The place is invested with an air of mystery.
The place is worth visiting twice.
The place is at its best in spring.
The place is easy to reach from here.
In that case, you are right.
In that case, call the police.
He says things on the spur of the moment.
The place just doesn't look as good as it used to.
There were not many present.
Now, all heads turn toward the dean, who sits surrounded by a faint halo of light.
No one happened to be there.
The air was charged with tension.
Those who were present were very glad at the news.
The girls present received a shock.
One of the gentlemen who were present addressed the pupils.
Stopgap measures won't make a dent in drug addiction.
The castle stands three miles north of the town.
The castle was transformed into a marvelous museum.
The castle was burnt to ashes.
The castle has been restored and is open to the public.
The castle is now in ruins.
The castle was in disrepair.
The castle is worth visiting.
The castle is a good distance off.
When was the castle built?
The castle dates back to 1610.
The castle, burnt down in 1485, was not rebuilt.
Hearing the joke, he burst into laughter.
That joke isn't funny.
I cannot help laughing at the joke.
We could not help laughing at the joke.
I didn't get the joke.
The coat has worn well.
The jacket was cut too long.
The good driver wove his way through the traffic.
I met some other people in addition.
The boss has a high opinion of his secretary.
And, to make the matter worse, he has taken to drinking.
To make matters worse, her husband died.
Besides, it's starting to rain.
The senator remained neutral in the furious controversy.
The ice is thick enough to walk on.
The senator avowed his devotion to his constituents.
Don't sit upon it.
I paid five dollars in addition.
Furthermore, experiments were never carried out against the rules but were performed always well within them - otherwise they would not be recognized as experiments at all.
In addition, I have to interview a professor.
He was not aware that the praise was a satire in disguise.
The prize money allowed him to buy a guitar.
The prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise.
The prize won't be given to her.
The elephant was brought to the zoo.
The elephant is liked by little children.
The elephant won't move an inch.
The evidence corresponds to his previous statement.
The evidence was in his favor.
The evidence left little room for doubt.
The evidence left no room for uncertainty.
The evidence proved him to be innocent.
His story of the collision agrees with mine.
That portrait reminds me of someone I knew a long time ago.
The portrait was taken from the wall.
The portrait shows the profile of a beautiful woman.
The portrait looks exactly like the real thing.
The ministry administers the internal affairs.
The brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house.
Lots of herons live in the marsh.
The floor is covered with a thick carpet.
All but the boy were asleep.
There was no one that did not admire the boy.
Six were invited, including the boy.
It's no use trying to persuade the boy.
Don't punish the boy severely; go easy on him.
We did everything we could to save the boy.
The boy said a wolf would come.
The boy made his parents happy.
The boy solved the simultaneous equation with ease.
The boy was accompanied by his parents.
The boy is obedient to his parents.
The boy was taken away from school by his parents.
The boy was to lose his mother at an early age.
The boy learned the famous poem by heart soon after he read it.
We found the boy interested.
The boy was searching for the lost key.
The boy pretended he could read, but he was holding the book upside down.
I hear he traveled by bicycle from Hokkaido to Kyushu.
The boy has a hunger for adventure.
The boy caused his mother great anxiety.
The boy chose to stay with his mother.
The boy drew a picture on the wall.
The boy was crying in the room.
The boy is his father in miniature.
The boy takes after his father.
The boy answered his father back.
The boy looked pleased with his new bicycle.
The boy tried eating with chopsticks.
The boy is tall for his age.
The boy made a fool of himself.
The boy was admitted to the school.
The boy dreamed of going on an Antarctic expedition.
The boy ran away.
That boy was so clever that he was helpful to the merchant in dealing.
The boy is capable of robbery.
The boy was all but drowned.
The little boy disappeared down the road.
The boy was wandering about the town.
The boy dyed his hair because he wanted to be noticed.
The boy tried to be a man and not cry.
The boy makes a fool of adults.
The boy talks as if he were a man.
The boy looked like a grown-up.
The boy grew up to be a great man.
The boy gave a great shout.
The boy grew up to be a scientist.
The boy grew up to be a great scientist.
The boy is full of promise.
The boy began to make noise.
The boy came running.
The boy peeped in at the window.
The boy got in through the window.
The boy was awarded a prize for good conduct.
The boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend.
The boy grew up to be a famous musician.
The boy was good at mathematics so everybody considered him a genius.
The boy lost sight of his mother in the crowd.
The boy had the kindness to show us around.
The boy is kind.
The boy isn't aware of his parents' efforts to raise him.
The boy lost his way in the forest.
The boy was anxious for a new bicycle.
The boy soon accommodated himself to his new class.
The boy observed the growth of the plant.
The boy neglected to water the plants, and he was scolded.
The boy seems to know a great deal about plants.
The boy was naked to the waist.
The boy sat among the girls.
The boy screamed for help, but couldn't make himself heard.
The boy screamed for help.
The boy rode a horse for the first time.
The boy battled against a serious illness.
The boy tried to move the heavy sofa in vain.
The boy has got out of hand.
The boy could not so much as write his own name.
The boy became more eloquent.
The boy was accused of cheating during the exam.
That child is good at learning poems by heart.
That boy used to drop in on me.
The boy is the same age as my brother.
The boy was helped by me.
The boy dug a grave for his dog that had died.
The boy was given up for dead.
The boy dug a grave for his dead pet.
The boy was absent from school yesterday because of illness.
The young boy is in danger of drowning.
The boy doesn't know how to behave.
The boy was allowed to come along having promised to improve his manners.
The boy became happy.
The boy tried to saw off the dead branch.
The boy turned out to be clever.
The boy is far from a fool.
The boy went to bed with his socks on.
The boy fell from the bridge.
The boy stood still in horror.
The boy fainted, but he came to when we threw water on his face.
The little boy laughed a merry laugh.
The boy could not live up to the school rules.
The boy could not keep up with activities in school.
The boy has a good school record.
The boy made vain efforts to reach the shore.
The boy is a credit to our school.
The boy ran toward his house.
The boy has good reflexes.
The boy put on his athletic shoes and ran outside.
The boy was permitted to go with them.
The boy crammed all his clothes into the bag.
The boy sat on a chair.
The boy is afraid to go to bed in the dark.
The boy stepped on my foot on purpose.
The boy used to drop in on me very often.
The boy reached out for another piece of cake.
The boy talks as if he were a girl.
The boy talks like a great scholar.
The boy put his hand in his pocket.
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
The boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus.
The boy told me why he was crying.
The boy can handle a knife and fork very well.
The boy is very honest.
The boy hid behind the door.
The boy made fun of the girl.
The boy took a fancy to the dog.
The boy took great pains to solve the quiz.
The boy kept standing for a while.
The boy was used to being scolded.
The boy got scolded.
The boy threw a stone at the frog.
The boy knows how to throw a curve.
The boy thrust the coin into his pocket.
The boy was almost drowned.
The boy exclaimed in delight.
The boy all but fell into the river.
The boy cannot keep quiet for ten minutes.
The boy does not dare to do so.
The boy was on the point of drowning when his father came to his rescue.
The boy more than justified the favourable opinion they had formed of him.
The boy came around when we threw water on his face.
The boy will wait for you till you come back.
The boy has been absent from school for eight days.
There seems to be something peculiar about the boy.
The boy attempted an escape, but failed.
Both the boy and the girl are clever.
All the boys are honest.
The boy at last put an end to their quarrels.
The two boys lived alone with a lovely cat.
All the boys didn't laugh at him.
It was next to unthinkable that the boy would steal.
The boy cannot have stolen my umbrella.
Do not punish the girl severely; go easy on her.
You should treat the girl kindly.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
The girl talked to her parents about her college life in Tokyo.
The girl lent her friend her new typewriter.
The girl is skillful at knitting.
The girl exercised on the parallel bars.
The little girl clung to her father's arm.
Filled with sorrow, the girl looked him in the eye.
The girl turned her back to the man.
The girl treated her horse kindly.
The girl is small for her age.
The girl had a large red hat on.
The girl began to cry at the sight of the big dog.
The girl has grown into a slender woman.
The little girl was left in her grandmother's care.
The girl grew up to be a pianist.
The girl was gazing at the doll.
The girl was kind enough to show me the way to the museum.
The girl had a long scarf around her neck.
The girl closely resembles my dead mother.
The girl was afraid of her own shadow.
The girl brushed past me.
The girl sat beside me.
The girl smiled at me.
The girl is friendly to me.
The girl is getting over mountains of difficulties.
The girl did not like to wash dishes, but she made the best of it.
The girl was badly injured in the traffic accident.
The girl is afraid of dogs.
The girl made off with her employer's money.
The girl has golden hair.
The girl did nothing but cry.
The little girl burst into tears.
The girl appeared sick.
The girl fainted, but she came to when we threw water on her face.
The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
The girl is a nurse.
The girl danced in a way that brought joy to the audience.
The little girl laughed a merry laugh.
No sooner had the girl caught sight of the monster than she ran away.
The girl is smelling the flowers.
The girl had to abandon the idea of becoming a singer.
The girl basks in the love of her family.
The girl was very useful about the house.
The girl did not say anything.
The young girl burst into tears.
The girl screamed when she saw the flames.
The girl took the cake for her wonderful dancing at the recital.
The girl was sick for home.
That girl's dress made her look like a grown-up.
The girl looked so pale.
The girl tore the cloth.
The girl was given a prize for good conduct.
The girl had flowing hair.
The girl still believes in Santa Claus.
The girl resembles her mother.
The girl kissed her father on the cheek.
The little girl was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
The girl was always following her mother.
The girl always carries her doll about.
This girl is always smiling, but she's not happy.
The girl, closing her eyes, listened to the pastor.
The girl came around when we threw water on her face.
The girl was laughed at by all her classmates.
There was genius in the way the girl danced.
The girl's name reminds me of my happy school days.
Not one of the girl's teachers could account for her poor examination results.
The girl has no mother.
The girl's voice became weaker and weaker.
The girl had no one to turn to for advice.
Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.
The girls danced in the gym.
The girls began to laugh.
When the girl entered the room, some boys made fun of her because of her little hat.
The girl broke the window.
The parcel weighs more than one pound.
The path led to the village.
The parcel was tied with string.
The path twists through the mountains.
The path continues straight ahead for miles on end.
The track descends.
The stream winds through the meadow.
The novelist gathered materials for his work.
The novelist wrote several romances.
The novelist is popular among our generation.
The novelist is pretty popular among teenagers.
The fiction reduced girls to tears.
I may have read the novel, but I don't remember it.
It is worthwhile reading the novel.
I recommend that you read that novel.
Getting the novel, he begin to read it.
The novel added to his reputation.
The novel was published after his death.
The novel is centered on the Civil War.
The novel takes its title from the Bible.
The novel has been translated into many languages.
The novel is worthy of praise.
The novel gives a manifold picture of human life.
That novel isn't for children.
I have read the novel before.
Mr Robinson didn't write the novel.
The novel has sold almost 20000 copies.
The novel ends with the heroine's death.
The novel, the author of which is a famous singer, is selling well.
Who is the author of the novel?
The novel had an initial print-run of 10,000.
I don't understand this novel's plot.
The heroine of the novel committed suicide.
Let me have the novel when you have done with it.
The small country was annexed to its larger neighbor.
The small country is making great efforts to keep up with other developing countries.
The cabin was built of logs.
The hut kept the rain and dew out after a fashion.
The hut was set on fire.
The cottage looked as if nobody were living in it.
The small animal gave off a bad smell.
The small island came into sight.
These smaller parts are called counties, and each county has a county council, like Westhamptonshire County Council.
The little boy felt secure in his father's arms.
The little boy has lost the money given to him by his father.
The small statue is said to be made of fine gold.
The little girl grew into a beautiful woman.
The little girl was crying for the teddy bear.
The little girl managed to keep silent, having been terrified by the lightning.
The small dog tried to get away.
The big dog remained calm as the small dog hung from its leg.
The little flowers open at night.
The small boat was at the mercy of the wind.
The little boy gazed at the huge elephant, eyes wide open.
The little girl never smiles at anyone other than Emily.
The officer seemed to be afraid of their revenge.
The general lived the rest of his life peacefully after his retirement.
The goods will be delivered free of charge.
The goods will be sold on the spot.
The goods are advertised on TV.
The goods were advertised on TV.
I washed my hands of the whole business.
The shopping district is easily accessible from our house.
It is rumored that the firm is going to tie up with an American company.
The victory was won at the cost of many lives.
The victory excited us.
The victory was dearly won.
Our team was in high spirits because of the victory.
His victory made him a hero.
That actress made three entrances onto the stage.
The wound has not healed yet.
The actress greeted her fans from the stage.
The actress is very popular with ladies.
The actress was dressed beautifully.
The actress is popular with young people.
The actress looks younger than she really is.
The actress seems to have walked through her part.
The actress sued the magazine for libel.
The actress said that she was engaged to a banker.
The actress was presented a bouquet of flowers after the performance.
The actress brought the whole silly play to life.
The actress murdered her lines.
I once saw the actress at a distance.
The actress always wears expensive jewels.
The actress made her debut when she was eight.
The actress has a very beautiful name.
The sales girl waited on me.
The rumor is going around that the actress is going to get a divorce.
The women are relaxing on the piano.
The women are in front of a library.
The hostess couldn't possibly tolerate his arrogance.
That woman has wrongly accused me.
The women are very supportive.
The lady looked sad, also tired.
The woman was at a loss whether to accept his proposal or not.
The women will fine the man.
The woman pressed the baby to her.
She'll diagnose each person carefully.
The woman is taking notes.
The woman speaks as if she were a teacher.
The woman goes by the name of Sue.
The lady moved here a month ago.
The lady persisted in wearing such an old-fashioned shirt.
The woman tried to shout out "Help!" but the word stuck in her throat.
The beauty of that lady was admired by everyone.
The woman's face was marked with grief.
The women stuck to their cause.
Everyone in the girls' class brought their own lunch.
The woman managed the drunk as if he were a child.
The teacher had her eye on me because she thought I was cheating.
Every time the woman teacher passed the school yard, someone gave her the razz.
The woman was asked to make allowance for the poor health of the baby.
The women bowed to each other so many times.
It was Tom that saved the girl.
How brave of him to jump into the water to save the little girl!
The girl was friendly with a bright smile.
Instantly the girl saw her mother, she burst out crying.
The instant the girl saw her mother, she burst out crying.
That girl resembles her mother.
The girl resembles her mother very much.
The girl insisted on going shopping with her mother.
The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, and didn't listen to what I said.
The girl resembled her mother.
The girl entered the room.
The girl was at the mercy of his cruelty.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
That girl looks boyish.
The girl noticed someone go out of the door.
The little girl asked a question of her teacher.
The girl has a scarf around her neck.
The girl has a sweet, small mouth.
The girl had a telescope in her hand.
The little girl is not capable of riding a bicycle.
The girl is skillful with her fingers.
The girl began to cry at the sight of a dog.
What a lovely doll that girl has!
The girl is used to playing all by herself.
The girl was not downright homely.
The little girl did nothing but cry.
That girl has a lovely doll.
The girl asked her father to read the book to her.
The girl cherishes a doll given by her aunt.
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
Tears welled up in the girl's eyes.
The girl can't have done such a thing.
The girls are as busy as bees.
He is curious about how she will receive the news.
We checked the document again.
The paper wasn't important.
The document was nowhere to be found.
Missing for years, the document miraculously came to light the other day.
Let the paper be signed.
As for the papers, I have custody of them.
The document bore his signature.
Look over the papers, please.
The book is of great value.
So valuable were the books that they were handled with the greatest care.
Publication of the book was timed to coincide with the author's birthday.
The reviewer is sharply critical of the novel.
I fainted from the heat, and when I came to, I was in a life raft.
At that moment tears ran down the old man's face.
I lost my sense of reality at that moment.
It was impossible for me not to think of incident.
The incident was etched in his memory.
The event still remains vivid in my memory.
When and how did the incident come about?
The accident happened two years ago.
Let's make believe that we know nothing about that event.
The incident upset him.
That publisher specialises in children's books.
The publisher gave my proposal a chance.
The meeting gave her extreme pleasure.
He introduced me to his relatives at the reception.
The assignment was too much for me.
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.
We are astonished at the shot.
Put the gun on the table.
The gun went off by accident.
Let me relieve you of that heavy parcel.
When we came to the crossroads our cab slowed down.
That ugly butcher resembles that fictional monster.
The assembly consisted of people concerned about human rights.
The assembly voted to protest against any nuclear armament.
There were a great many people present at the assembly.
That week had nothing to do with discrimination.
The weekly appears on Thursday.
He failed to write to his father that week.
The boat is to leave for England this evening.
The smell is characteristic of garlic.
He dates the custom from the colonial days.
The practice is peculiar to Japan.
That custom has little currency in Japan.
The custom originated in China.
The custom was handed down from generation to generation.
The institution must be protected.
The practice still prevails locally in parts of Japan.
That habit is acquired, not innate.
That custom has long been done away with.
That custom originated with the American Indians.
The practice has long been done away with.
The province supplies its neighbors with various raw materials.
The province is relatively rich in mineral resources.
The legislator of that state did away with outdated laws.
The anthropologist says old customs still prevail in the province.
The collection is open to the public.
The prisoners fought one another like so many mad people.
The prisoner was released.
The prisoner was set at liberty yesterday.
The prisoner is in chains.
The convict was pardoned after serving his sentence.
There is no denying that the prisoner is guilty.
The class meets once a week.
You must not speak Japanese during the class.
Regular attendance is required in that class.
The Prime Minister became all the more popular because he never gave way to pressure from the neighboring country.
Its neck and head were very soft.
Judging by the swelling, the man must have been bitten by a snake.
The language of that tribe is as complex as any other human language.
The species will be made extinct by the end of this century.
The species faded away.
That kind of machine is yet to be invented.
The hand of the magician was quicker than our eyes. Before we could say Jack Robinson, the cards he was holding between his fingers disappeared.
The glove has a hole in the thumb.
It took the doctor eight hours to do the operation.
The operation is accompanied by a lot of pain.
The letter informed her of his death.
I didn't feel uneasy when I read the letter.
Bruce chuckled to himself as he read the letter.
Don't forget to post the letter.
It cost me 100 yen to send the letter.
How long did it take you to write the letter?
Did you receive the letter?
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
I looked all over the house for that letter.
Post that letter right away.
The letter was in the mail.
The letter will be mailed tomorrow.
The letter was to let her know that he had been ill.
The letter made her sad.
Who wrote the letter?
The letter was written in terms of business.
The letter was written in the Queen's own hand.
The letter is for me.
The letter reminds me of my young days.
See to it that the letter is posted this afternoon.
The letter was wrongly addressed.
Bill wrote the letter.
The letter was written by Bill.
Who was the letter written to?
The letter was consigned to the wastepaper basket.
What's the date of the letter?
The letter is dated April 1, 1987.
The content of the letter had an interesting effect on my marriage.
The letter was correctly addressed.
You need not answer the letter.
There is little sympathy in the letter.
The letter sounds forced, what is worse, insincere.
What is the letter about?
The letter does not say what time she will come up to Tokyo.
Don't let go of my hand, or you'll get lost.
Raise your hand to the sky.
The director boasted of his status.
None of your tricks.
The arrangements are subject to change without notice.
He was included in the deal.
The business deal may tell in our favor.
She gained 500 dollars from the deal.
Twist that knob to the right and the box will open.
That doctrine will no doubt lead to dismal consequences.
That doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences.
The main reason is that the subjects were totally unaware of the possibility of shortcuts.
The feeble patient is suffering from stomach cancer.
The young couple is getting along together.
The young man was at a loss.
The young man saved the girl from drowning.
The young man knows little of his own country.
The youngster resented being treated as a coward.
That young man is going to go far in this profession.
The young man saved the child from drowning.
The young man manages a big department store.
The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.
The young girl was haughty to me.
The young couple surveyed the room.
I hope the young couple will make up soon.
That young actor is a James Dean.
This young teacher is loved by all of the students.
The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms.
The young professor is adored by the girl students.
The young engineer was deficient in experience.
The young doctor devoted himself to helping the poor and sick.
The young couple were deeply devoted to each other.
I wish I had enough money to buy the car.
He didn't stop the car.
The car passed through a gate.
The young man driving the car was drunk.
The car didn't move.
The car made an abrupt turn.
It is necessary for that car to have a check.
The car ran out of gas before reaching the city.
The car is very fast.
The car consumes a lot of fuel.
The car is ready.
Away went the car at full speed.
The car is exceeding the speed limit.
The car looked good as new.
The car isn't worth repairing.
The car is easy for me to drive.
The car proved to be a slave, so I will not be a master.
The car didn't stop.
The car is too expensive for me to buy.
The car broke down.
The car cost $5000 and did not run well at that.
Did the car look old?
The car ran down the policeman.
The car pulled up in front of the bank.
The car came to an abrupt stop.
The car turned abruptly.
That car is no doubt in an awful condition.
The car has been kicking around the roadside for weeks.
The car is waxed and shining.
The car left a trail of dust.
The car is parked in front of the building.
That car is quite new.
None of the cars is mine.
To some extent, you can control the car in a skid.
Was the car washed by your father?
When was the car washed by Ken?
That car's so big that parking it is difficult.
The car made a right turn over there.
The car has three rows of seats and is capable of carrying eight passengers.
The car is waxed every other day.
The car doesn't run fast.
The car passed by, raising a cloud of dust behind it.
The price of the car is too high.
Permission to use the car was accorded to her.
The back seat of the car will hold three passengers.
The car has a new engine.
That car has a roof rack.
I happened along when the car hit the boy.
The car is in the way. Please move it.
The socialist was accompanied by a female interpreter.
The social worker was asked to follow up the information about the Stevenson family.
The sociologist has a habit of scratching his back.
The firm has its head office in Osaka.
The photo artist had trouble expressing himself.
She put the picture back in his hand.
The photo takes me back to my childhood days.
The picture reminds me of my happy old days.
The picture reminds me of my childhood.
The photo brought back many happy memories of my childhood.
Let me have a look at those photos.
Will you show me the picture?
The photo catches the tension in the court very well.
The pictures are pasted on all sides.
The photograph brought back memories of my childhood.
The picture was taken from the air.
The picture brought back a lot of memories.
You should stick those pictures in your album.
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life.
You are holding my hand in that picture.
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life and limb.
The copy agrees with the original.
The play was only a partial success.
The play begins at six this evening.
The play was a lot of fun. I wish you could have been there.
The play was a lot of fun.
The play ran for six months.
The latter half of the drama was a little dull.
The grass needs cutting.
I found the field trip very educational.
The success of newly-developed applications and government-forced deregulation may hold the key to achieving this economic implementation.
The laboratory has the most up-to-date equipment.
A group of scientists stood by, ready to record the experiment.
The experiment was made on a hundred unmarried males.
That experiment was a failure.
The experiment resulted in a miserable failure.
The experiment proved to be successful.
I will leave the experiment to you.
The experiment failed because of some minor faults.
The experiments led to great discoveries.
It is the attitude of the subjects that controls the outcome of the experiment.
Close observation is necessary for the experiment.
For that experiment they need a complete vacuum.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
The businessman appeared on television this morning.
The businessman is thinking of receding from the contract.
The businessman didn't dare withdraw from the transaction.
The question was too difficult to answer.
That question is easy to answer.
So difficult was the question that no one could answer.
The question was impossible for us to answer.
The question foxed me completely.
The question is by no means easy.
That question still sticks me.
If I knew the answer to the question, I would tell you.
It is difficult for me to answer the question.
It is easy to answer the question.
It will only take a moment to answer the question.
Only you can answer the question.
I wish I could come up with a good answer to the question.
The question threw him off his balance.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I'll be able to answer them.
Let's begin with that question.
The failure is due to his idleness.
The failure is due to his carelessness.
You are to blame for the failure.
It is you who are to blame for the failure.
The failure depressed him.
The mistake hastened his retirement.
This fault admits of no excuse.
The ceremony was held in honor of the guest from China.
The ceremony was simple.
Will you take part in the ceremony?
The deer fell a prey to the lion.
The deer is three times as heavy as Jane.
I have no money to buy the dictionary.
Keep the dictionary by you.
You should consult the dictionary.
The dictionary comes in two volumes.
The dictionary is useful and, what is more, not expensive.
The dictionary is of great use to me.
The dictionary is up to date.
This dictionary will be of great help to you.
You may use either of the dictionaries.
Please lend me the dictionary when you are through with it.
The selfish man was despised by his companions.
I got a horrible shock when I saw the car accident.
Few people were killed in the car accident.
The automobile company laid off 300 workers.
The automobile runs on electricity.
The production of the automobile started in the 1980.
I was accorded permission to use the car.
I am insured for the car.
It cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed.
Get the bicycle out of the way.
That bicycle is too small for you.
She's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
The undersecretary was maintained in office by the political bosses.
He died the next day.
Then she was a little girl.
At that time she was engaged in operating a tractor.
She didn't dare to say anything at that time.
What was he up to then?
He was leaving then.
At that time, the whole world was hungry.
The period is referred to as the Stone Age.
She was superstitious, as the people of that period usually were.
The forest was silent then.
It was not until then that he learned the truth.
I blush to think of what a fool I was then.
I hit upon a good idea then.
I was at home then.
It happened that I was in New York then.
I was off duty at the time.
We were all running short of money then.
That schedule is not in use any more.
The picture I saw then was a most entertaining one.
Will you please adjust the clock? It's slow.
It is predicted that the watch company will produce over one million new watches a year.
The clock is accurate and dependable.
The clock, which my grandfather bought, is still in good order.
Something was wrong with the watch.
The watch broke down.
The clock is wrong.
That watch is a fancy job.
The watch is manufactured in Switzerland.
That watch is less expensive than this one.
The clock gains five minutes a day.
We went on our vacation then.
The timetable is not to be depended on.
The Cabinet conference was all but over then.
From that time on, she always waited on him.
I haven't heard from him since then.
Since that time we have not seen him.
From that moment on, he felt undying hatred for his oppressors.
Only then did I realize what he meant.
My father had never been abroad until then.
Up to that time he had been staying with his uncle.
Up to that time, we were watching TV.
I had never felt more alone than at that time.
There was a parade going by at the time.
This was before people knew how to record voices, so we don't know exactly what he sounded like.
I didn't know what to do then.
I was taking a shower then.
I'll just cross that bridge when I come to it.
I can't express how happy I was at that time.
See you then.
Not till then did I realize the danger of the situation.
It wasn't until then that I felt really frightened.
Only then did I see the danger we were in.
It wasn't until then that we knew her address.
Don't forget to let me know when it's time.
I would have done it at that time.
It'll be too late then.
Then I met your father and we moved to the town.
Since then, his faith has been severely shaken.
Were you at school at that time?
What were you doing then?
You should have said so at that time.
At that time, the train was terribly crowded.
My legs failed me then.
A good idea occurred to me at that time.
At that time, she was smiling and singing very quietly.
I could not understand what the president said then.
Then the motor suddenly died.
At that time I really understood that gorillas have feelings.
A good idea occurred to me then.
Did you have a sheet of paper then?
The charity is named after a man who gave away some two billion yen.
The temple is at the top of the hill.
We also went to the temple.
It is worth visiting the temple.
The office was full of activity all day.
The building to the right of that office building is the Tokyo Building.
The clerk died from overwork.
The dictionary contains about half a million words.
The situation is beyond my grasp.
I think it impossible to deny the fact.
There is no denying the fact.
There is no one but knows the fact.
They are the only people who know the fact.
I am only too happy to know that fact.
Fix the fact in your mind.
I'm sure of the fact.
You shouldn't make too much of the fact.
The fact seemed to irritate her husband.
The fact proves his honesty.
The fact manifests his innocence.
The fact cannot be denied.
No one can deny the fact.
The facts are buried in a few old books.
The facts became known to everyone.
The fact was of interest to the scientists.
The facts are otherwise.
That fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science.
The fact is known to everybody.
The fact still remains to be known.
The fact is apparent to everybody.
These facts are mutually related.
The fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science.
I must keep a secret with regard to the fact.
The matter weighs on her mind.
It will not to do blame him for the accident.
Describe that accident in detail.
The accident shows that he is careless about driving.
It will not do to blame him for the accident.
The accident happened late at night.
The accident occurred at dawn.
Did the accident really come to pass last year?
The accident was due to the drunken driving of a certain film star.
The accident was due to careless driving.
The accident deprived her of her only son.
The accident stemmed from her negligence.
The accident deprived them of their only son.
The accident was brought about by his carelessness.
The accident happened through his carelessness.
The accident resulted from his carelessness.
The accident was due to his careless driving.
The accident was due to his carelessness.
The accident took place near his home.
The accident arose from a simple mistake.
Nobody was to blame for the accident.
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.
The accident came about through my carelessness.
The accident happened before my very eyes.
The accident happened through my carelessness.
The accident happened previous to my arrival.
The accident occurred yesterday morning.
The accident caused a traffic jam.
The accident occurred on Friday.
We think that the narrow road was responsible for the accident.
The accident happened a year ago today.
The accident was due to bad driving.
The accident occurred in a remote place.
The accident was due to the driver's carelessness.
The accident happened because of the driver's negligence.
The accident was caused by the error on the part of the driver.
The accident is still vivid in his memory.
Where did the accident take place?
The accident took place at that corner.
The accident was due to the smog.
The accident happened in this manner.
The accident took place on the evening of last Sunday.
The accident is reported in today's paper.
The accident happened the day before yesterday.
When did the accident happen to her?
When did the accident happen?
When did the accident take place?
The accident took place at a crossroads.
The accident happened on a rainy day.
The accident happened at that crossing.
The accident happened two hours ago.
The accident robbed him of his best friend.
The news of the accident was a great shock to me.
He is to blame for the accident.
It is I that am responsible for the accident.
The accident was due to the negligence of the caretaker.
It is he who is to blame for the accident.
The accident was caused chiefly by the unpredictable weather.
The picture of the accident makes me sick.
I don't blame you for the accident; it was not your fault.
Probe into the cause of the accident.
The toll from the accident was 5 persons dead and 100 persons injured.
Who is the victim of the accident?
Please give me the details of the accident.
The news of the accident was sent out at once over the radio.
The news of the accident caused public alarm.
The accident deprived him of his sight.
The traffic accident prevented me from catching the train.
Soon after the accident they found a live animal there.
Just to think about the accident makes me shudder.
She said she had heard of the accident.
You must bring the person who is immediately concerned with the accident.
He is responsible for the accident.
It is you that are responsible for the accident.
We were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident.
I explained the accident to him.
Dare you ask him about the accident?
I asked him about the accident.
I couldn't but sympathize with the girl who had lost her parents in the accident.
The man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital.
Some were injured and others were killed in the accident.
The passengers who were injured in the accident were taken to the nearest hospital.
The accident bereaved her of her husband.
The accident deprived them of their happiness.
He was injured in his left leg in the accident.
No blame attaches to him for the accident.
It's a miracle that he wasn't killed in the accident.
It is a pity that nobody was saved in the accident, isn't it?
The accident has caused many deaths.
Many lives were lost in the accident.
Many people were killed in the accident.
A lot of passengers were injured in the accident.
The news that her son was injured in the accident was a great shock to her.
We were not to blame for the accident.
Only one person survived the accident.
Several thousand people were deprived of transportation by the accident.
Twelve people were injured in the accident.
Fifteen people were killed or injured in the accident.
The accident threw traffic into great confusion.
The accident stopped the traffic.
How many people were killed in the store?
As a result of the accident, several passengers were killed.
No passengers were killed in the accident.
You are to blame for the accident.
Few passengers got injured in the accident.
The bus was delayed an hour by the accident.
Ten people were killed or injured in the accident.
A number of passengers were injured in the accident.
Quite a few people were injured in the accident.
There were fifteen persons injured in the accident.
Ten people were injured in the accident.
Ten people were slightly injured in the accident.
The accident almost cost him his life.
The accident caused traffic confusion.
Almost all of the passenger in the bus were asleep when the accident happened.
He had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred.
It is a complete mystery what caused the accident.
Confusion arose from the accident.
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
I'll ask him how the accident happened.
No one knew for certain how the accident happened.
It is difficult for me to handle the case.
Put the case in the hands of the police.
The event has become known to the public.
The accident happened under his nose.
That incident harmed his reputation.
The incident left a spot on his reputation.
The event affected his future.
They are inquiring into the matter.
The event was forgotten in progress of time.
The incident took place at midnight.
That matter was decided by the Supreme Court.
The matter was brought into court.
The affair is still wrapped in mystery.
The event is worthy of remembrance.
The event is still fresh in our memory.
The incident gave a shock to the whole school.
That event happened 15 years ago.
Please keep me informed of the development of the case.
The explanation of the event was omitted for lack of space.
We expect an early settlement of the affair.
I do remember the incident quite well.
Who will try the case?
The incident was never brought to my notice.
A reward has been offered for information pertaining to the incident.
That incident put his courage to the test.
There was something weird about the incident.
I will tell of the incident.
I'm not at liberty to tell you about the incident.
Her account of the incident accords with yours.
He backed us up during that incident.
The scandal separated him from his friend.
The matter made his name known.
The incident prevented him from going to America.
That incident drew his interest.
The businessman withdrew from the transaction.
The incident sowed the seeds of the war.
The business will pay in due course.
The business will yields a fair return on the investment.
The undertaking entailed great expense upon the government.
The enterprise was doomed to failure.
The undertaking was a failure from the beginning.
The fact is, I think, very important.
The business hasn't been paying for the last six months.
The total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen.
Who will provide capital for the venture?
You mustn't tell that to your parents.
Your success in the enterprise depends on your effort.
Don't keep me in the dark about it.
Nobody but John has heard of it.
Put that in writing.
The mere thought of it is enough to make me happy.
I make little of the problem.
Are you quite certain about it?
I dare say you're right about that.
You may not have heard about this.
I must confer with my colleagues on the matter.
I can't disagree with you on that.
I have nothing to tell you about it.
I had to get rid of my doubt about it.
It is no use arguing with him about it.
We elected her to approach our teacher on the matter.
That destroyed all his dreams.
The dentist will see you only by appointment.
The hen has been brooding its eggs for a week.
Our department doesn't have that information.
How about going to see the game?
I don't particularly want to see the game.
The game starts at two tomorrow afternoon.
The game was called off.
The game was canceled because of the heavy rain.
The game was put off until next Sunday.
What time does the game start?
The game was called off on account of rain.
The game was put off because of the rain.
The game resulted in a draw.
The game was suspended.
The game was looked forward to by everyone.
The game was very exciting.
The game got more and more exciting.
The game was slow, and it was also boring.
The game was excellent.
The game ended in a draw with a score 6-6.
The game was called off because of the rain.
The final score of the game was 3 to 1.
The latter half of the game was very exciting.
The game made him excited.
Great was our delight when we won the game.
Anyone can participate in the game, no matter what nationality they are.
The game exhausted me.
I'll never forget taking the exam.
Those who missed the test must take it tomorrow.
The examination was not difficult in the least.
The exam was too difficult for me.
The exam was divided into two parts.
The result of the examination fell short of our expectations.
He was happy to have passed the examination.
The attempt ended in failure for want of support.
I cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure.
The poet searches for the beauty in life.
The poet always takes account of humanism before everything.
The poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The poet committed suicide in his study.
The poet compared death to sleep.
The poet has been writing poems since this morning.
The poet was no richer than a beggar.
The poet wrote many poems.
The poet lived here twenty years odd.
The poet is not used to speaking in public.
It was while I was in Hokkaido that I first met the poet.
The poet and novelist were both present at the meeting.
As the poet says, a little learning is a dangerous thing.
It was clear what the poet wanted to say.
It took me an hour to learn the poem by heart.
Read the poem several times and digest it.
The poem was composed by an anonymous author.
Have you learned the poem by heart?
The poem worked on her heart.
The poem tells the story of the deeds of gods.
We are familiar with the poem.
That poem mixes prose with poetry.
Fold the paper in four.
How does the paper feel?
Fold the paper in the middle.
The branch bent but did not break.
The explosion reduced the facilities to ruins.
The payment will be deferred for two years.
The manager gave the precise answer which I was looking for.
You must not part with the ring.
The ring was nowhere to be found.
The ring has a diamond in it.
The director became really anxious at this second postponement.
I jumped at the unexpected news.
The applicant impressed the examiner favorably.
The mayor is sensitive to the way his programs have been criticized.
The mayor appropriated city money for his own use.
That market has been rapidly expanding.
Take another good look at the city map.
The city has a population of about four million.
The city has decided to do away with the streetcar.
The city was restored to tranquility after a week.
The city lies east of London.
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.
The defenses of the city are strong.
The city is on the eastern bank of the Hudson.
The population of the city is about 100,000.
There are many pigeons in the City Square.
This road is the only approach to the city.
Is there a zoo in the city?
The city is well supplied with water.
The city has many broad streets.
There is almost no violence in that city.
The puppy licked her on the cheek.
The children solved the problem for themselves.
Both of the children won a prize.
The children were working like so many ants.
That child insisted on going there with his parents.
He talked with his eyes shining.
The child talked with his eyes shining.
That child was talking with an innocent smile.
He seems to be asleep.
The child, with sleepy eyes, was sitting on the bench.
That child felt secure in his mother's arms.
The young boy pulled on his mother's coat.
The child was scolded by his mother in the presence of others.
That child was clinging to his mother.
He is looked after by his aunt.
The child bothered him with questions.
The child does not even know how to add.
That child was happy to get the gift.
The child picked up a small stone.
The child was nearly run over by a car.
That child put his playthings away.
He took the clock apart just for fun.
The child dreads his visit to the dentist.
That child stuck out his tongue at me.
The kid did a job on my dictionary.
He can count up to ten with his fingers.
The child followed me to the park.
He was crying with hunger.
That child must be looked after by you.
The child was paralyzed with fear.
That child looks as if he is going to cry.
He was adapted to the circumstances.
The child grabbed the candy.
That child talks as if he were an adult.
He was asleep in the bed.
The child wouldn't say 'yes'.
That child did nothing but cry.
He is very proud of his toy.
The child was completely lacking in discipline.
That child fell into a profound sleep.
He was spotted stealing cookies.
As soon as the child saw his mother, he stopped crying.
The child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests.
He gathered his toys together.
He will have his own way.
The child heard something fall with a crash.
That child soon fell asleep.
He was lying asleep in the sun.
The kid stumbled and fell to his knees.
The child is being taken good care of by the doctor.
That child's free time is circumscribed.
He had some sympathy for the child.
Those children were covered with dirt from head to foot.
Those children are in exuberant spirits.
Those children are cheerful.
Those children went away, singing a song.
Those children are keen on skating.
Those children always get into trouble with their parents.
Those children were being cared for by an aunt.
Those children were well looked after.
Get the kid to bed.
The dog that bit the child was caught soon after.
Don't make fun of that child.
That child thought much of his parents.
He wants a playmate.
The boy was cross at having to stay at home.
The boy remained silent.
The child flew for his life.
That child murmured something in his sleep.
The child pretended that it was asleep.
The boy adjusted his cap.
The child stretched out his hand to his mother.
That child wouldn't let go of his mother's hand.
The child played the baby to his mother.
He stood behind his mother.
That child teased his mother for candy.
That child resembles his father.
The child painted her father.
He insists on playing another game.
He is as tall as his father.
The child was incapable of understanding his father's death.
That child is sick and has been in the hospital since last Sunday.
He needs proper medical attention at a hospital.
The child was rescued from a burning house.
That child shut up a cat in the carton.
The boy caught the cat by the tail.
He was suddenly attacked by a mysterious disease.
The boy complained of a headache.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
That boy talks as if he were a grown up.
The little boy has grown, he comes up to my waist now!
That child got bored.
The boy appeared to be in bad health.
He is in poor health.
The child was named Sophia after her grandmother.
That child learned to tell good from bad.
He speaks with a lisp.
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.
The child has a case of chicken pox.
That child has no fear of water.
She could not bring herself to jump into the water.
The boy is anxious for a new soccer ball.
The child got on an airplane in good mood.
That child struggled for the prize.
He screamed for help.
The child had a pure heart.
The baby was named John after his uncle.
The boy has a watch in his hand.
He clutched his wallet in his hand.
The boy is mad for a bicycle.
The child pointed out her mother to me.
The boy can solve any problem in arithmetic.
That child dug a tunnel in the sandpit.
He was attacked by a high fever.
The boy has a high fever.
The child was full of curiosity.
That child stared at me, his mouth agape.
He got lost in the park.
The child began to cry at the sight of the dog.
That child threw a stone at the dog.
That boy could not enter for fear of the dog.
The child is helpless in his rage.
That child could barely manage to tie his shoes.
The boy was not abased by the laughter of his classmates.
He did nothing but cry.
The child burst out crying.
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.
He grinned with delight.
The child was almost drowned.
He pressed his face against the shop window.
The kid is old enough to go to school.
The kid got hurt.
He had the appearance of being half-starved.
That boy displayed no fear.
That child did nothing but cry all day.
The little boy is afraid of the dark.
He was cured of his bad habits.
He was playing with a lighter.
The child talks as if he were a man.
The boy soon went to sleep.
The boy is yet to be found.
That child is only four, but he can already count to 100.
When the kid wanted the latest PlayStation software, he acted like a spoiled child.
The boy wants to become a Newton.
The child handles a knife and fork well.
That kid was almost run over when the truck backed up.
The boy will have his own way.
He insisted on going to the department store with his mother.
He grew a lot in no time at all.
This child did nothing but cry.
She put it in the box.
He came out from where he was hiding.
No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears.
He insists on going to the park with his father.
That kid got a slap from his mother for being rude.
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.
She was crying for a toy.
He was pleased with the toy.
He was playing with a toy.
He is in custody of his uncle.
The child is always begging for something.
That child has few friends.
She was left in the sun too long.
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
The boy did not reach his father's stature of six feet.
He was not accustomed to sleeping alone.
The boy did nothing but cry all day long.
She started crying, "Ah! Ah!"
The boy can count to ten.
He made no progress in his speaking ability.
The child was taken care of by him.
That kid kept crying for hours.
The kid drew back from the frog when it moved.
My mother says that the child's illnesses are phony.
The kid has a keen sense of hearing.
The child has advanced in his knowledge.
Hope of finding the child alive is fading rapidly.
Don't force the child to eat.
The child's face glowed when he saw Santa Claus.
The boy has few friends to play with.
I have great difficulty in handling the child.
The children were well looked after.
That kid is a little bundle of energy.
He was eager to try on the blue shirt.
The child worked for him, going on errands.
That boy has a great talent.
The children were so excited after the party that they couldn't sleep.
The children had the benefit of a good upbringing.
The boy must have broken the window.
You must keep an eye on the child.
The sisters are both blondes.
The sisters look like each other.
The sisters often quarrel over nothing.
The sisters are quite alike.
The two sisters are so alike.
The two sisters were always quarreling with each other.
The sisters lived to be 100 years old.
Both sisters are pretty.
The priest took the sick man's place.
Show me how to do it.
It's on the aggressor's side of town.
Can you take on the job?
I'll do anything but that job.
There are some tools with which to do the job easily.
Don't put off the work till tomorrow.
I passed on the job to him.
Few people know how to do it.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
Don't worry about the work.
It is up to you to finish the task.
It took her all afternoon to finish the work.
It took me five hours to finish the work.
It won't take long to finish the job.
How long will it take to finish the work?
It is difficult to execute the task.
Would you like me to do that work?
Do your best to complete the work.
I have a mind to undertake the work.
I'm wondering whether to take on that job.
I have half a mind to undertake the work.
It is difficult to finish the work in a day.
It is impossible for me to do the work in a week.
Please finish the work at once.
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
Let's do the work.
It was tough to finish the work.
Let's not do the work.
He couldn't get the job.
Are you through with the work?
I arranged the business with Mr Brown.
He has the ability to do the work.
Cooperate with your friends in doing the work.
I think it will be easy to do the job.
It won't take long to do the job.
There were no volunteers for the job.
The job gave him bed, board, and 200 dollars a week to spend.
That job gave him little gratification.
If the work is to be completed before June, more people will have to make more effort.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in a day.
I found it impossible to do the job in a day.
I finished the work in less than an hour.
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
Will the work be finished by tomorrow?
The job earns him half a million yen every month.
The work will tax his health.
The task is of great importance to them.
The load of his work was too great for him.
Was the work done by him alone?
The work has been almost completed.
I will have finished the work by noon.
I got nowhere with the work.
The work was done with great haste.
The work is well worth the trouble.
The job pays well, but on the other hand I have to work twelve hours a day.
I'm through with my work. Let's go out.
The work is done.
The job is not suitable for young girls.
The work is a heavy tax on my health.
This task is impossible for me to accomplish.
The work is easy enough for me to finish in a couple of hours.
The work had been completed before I arrived.
I finished the work yesterday.
The job will take a minimum of ten days.
That work will be finished at the end of this week.
You may as well do the task now as put it off.
The work is now in progress.
The task was total agony.
You will find the job easy.
It seems the task will not be accomplished in our generation.
Be sure to keep in mind that you're supposed to complete the work within a week.
I'll get through the work in an hour.
We brought off the task.
The work is not finished yet.
The job isn't anywhere near done.
That job is pretty much finished.
The work is practically finished.
The work must be done by Tom.
The work calls for great patience.
The work was very difficult.
The work is actually finished.
The work will take anywhere from two to three weeks.
The work can't be done at a moment's notice.
You cannot be too careful when you do the job.
It's a good paying job, but the fly in the ointment is that I'll have to spend a lot of time traveling.
The work was well done in a way.
That job was not very interesting, but on the other hand it was well paid.
The task is so difficult that I cannot accomplish it.
The work had been finished by six.
The work will be finished at six.
The job must be finished by 3 p.m.
It appeared as if the work would not be finished in a year.
The task will be accomplished in a year.
The work cannot be done in a day.
We cannot do the work in a day.
The work requires ten men for ten days.
The work cost 100 dollars.
I don't remember getting paid for the work.
The accomplishment of the task took several years.
The work cost him his life.
There is no one here who can help you with the work.
That job brings him in an extra 60,000 yen a month.
Three-quarters of the work was finished.
Two thirds of the work is finished.
The job drew out his talent.
The work will be a great tax on his time.
It rests with you to decide whom to choose for the job.
We must concentrate our efforts on the desk.
Please try me for the job.
It is up to you to apply for the job.
My heart wasn't in the work.
Why not apply for that job?
He is the proper person for the job.
The work calls for patience.
You'll soon get accustomed to the work.
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
The business brings him in 8000 dollars a year.
We lost a lot on that job.
Did you make any money out of that business?
That job took a lot out of me.
In the factory, all the equipment was up to date.
When the work was done, the men were discharged.
I've left that line of business.
Not that I dislike that job, but that I have no time to do it.
Not that I dislike the work, but that I have no time.
The cruel man beat the dog with a whip.
The industry is heavily dependent on government funding.
The fire, which caused the disaster, broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
That terrorist was to blame for the disaster.
That forest fire happened from natural cause.
The forest fire occurred through carelessness.
We call the mountain Tsurugidake.
There is only one pass over the mountain.
The mountain rises above the plain.
The mountain is easy of access.
The mountain is covered with snow.
The mountain attracts many climbers.
The mountain is famous in myth and legend.
The mountains look nicer from a distance.
The mountain is more than 3,000 meters above sea level.
The mountain is about 3000 meters above sea level.
We have snow on the mountain all the year round.
The mountain is covered with snow all the year round.
How high is the mountain?
This mountain has an altitude of 3,000 meters.
The mountain peak was covered with snow.
The mountain top is covered with snow almost all year.
The top of the mountain is always covered with snow.
There was a tower on the top of the mountain.
The summit of the mountain is covered with snow.
The view from the top of the mountain took my breath away.
The mountain has a beautiful shape.
It's not absolutely impossible to climb the mountain.
The hill is bare of trees.
Not a few monkeys were found in the mountain.
It's a lot of fun to climb that mountain.
There are many monkeys in the mountain.
I met some hikers on the mountain.
The three sisters look very much alike.
The mountain is standing out in sharp relief against the blue sky.
The plate is made of plastic.
The magazine does nothing for me.
Having read through the magazine, he lent it to me.
Can I have a look at the magazine?
I decided to subscribe to the magazine.
The magazine comes out every week.
The magazines were sold out.
The magazine revealed all his dirty secrets.
The magazine is enjoying great popularity.
The magazine comes out once a week.
The magazine jumped the gun and reported on the scandal.
Where can I buy that magazine?
The magazine is for killing time.
The magazine is issued twice a month.
The magazine is aimed at teenagers.
Would you lend me the latest issue of the magazine?
The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
I got a premium for subscribing to the magazine.
The magazine article said that the value of the yen would rise.
That magazine article exposed his devilish acts to the full light of day.
The noise gets on my nerves.
The murderer was finally caught last night.
The murderer is still at large.
The murderer is now on trial.
There was no clue as to the identity of the murderer.
The murder case may bear a relation on his sudden death.
The murder remains a mystery.
The scene of the murder was too terrible to describe.
Nobody seemed to have a motive for the murder.
The fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out.
I wrote the composition in haste, so it must be full of mistakes.
The work finally saw the light last month.
The work will give birth to a new school of novel.
Finally her true talent revealed itself in that painting.
The composer is wrestling with the new music.
The writer is bringing out a new book next month.
The writer is very popular because he expresses himself well.
That writer is well known all over the world.
The writer is working on a new book.
The writer is said to have studied at a university in Germany when young.
The author killed himself in his study.
The author presented a copy of his latest book to me.
The writer is well known to us.
The author described the murder case vividly.
The writer is living in a log cabin.
The writer is tackling the now new novel.
The writer is very good at a dialog.
The writer is very humorous.
How long ago did the author die?
The writer was descended from the Greek royal family.
The author is seventy, but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago.
The author's name is familiar to us.
The writer has a parenthetic style.
The author's mode of expression is very concise.
The writer's latest novel is well worth reading.
The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
The author translated the fairy tale into our mother tongue.
The recipe serves six people.
Let's descend the slope.
The treasure lay hidden for a long time.
In addition to about 30,000 yen, the wallet contained his driver's license.
All the property will go to his daughter.
The property is mine.
The guilt lies with him.
The criminal became a Christian and turned over a new leaf.
The judge was grave and forbidding.
And this is the judgment, that the light is come into the world, and men loved the darkness rather than the light; for their works were evil.
The trial is not open to the public.
The judge reversed the final decision.
The festival is held in the second week of January every year.
It is believed that the festival comes from the South Pacific islands.
The festival was far from dull.
The fortress was secure from every kind of attack.
The earthquake which caused the disaster occurred in 1995.
The damage of the disaster has been enormous.
After the disaster, there was scarcely any water left on the island.
Whoever made that last comment, please leave now.
Quite a few people turned out for the event.
That desert looks like the surface of the moon.
In the desert we were independent of camels.
Tell me how you got over such troubles?
Stir the mixture until it foams, then set it aside.
You must overcome the difficulties.
We need a spirit of enterprise to overcome the difficulty.
At that time, she was a student at Yale.
At that time, I was still awake.
In those days, few people went to college.
I was very poor in those days.
Those black people have long been deprived of their rights.
That dark coat does not match her dark skin.
She cuts a beautiful figure in that black suit.
He cuts a handsome figure in that black suit.
Progress has been very slow indeed, so far as the social life of the people is concerned.
The international conference was to be held in February this year.
There's a checkpoint at the border where they look in your trunk.
The Congressman broke the news of conspiracy and made no bones about taking drastic action against it.
Introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process.
The country declared war against its neighbor.
The country is aiming at decreasing its imports.
The country is trying hard to make up for her trade deficit.
That country broke off diplomatic relations with the United States.
The country advanced in civilization.
That country is about twice as large as Japan.
The country appealed to Japan for help.
The country kept faith with her ally.
The country is abundant in natural resources.
The country was in a state of anarchy at that time.
The country is rich in natural resources.
That country has natural resources.
The country is in the grasp of the enemy.
The country had been devastated by long war.
That country remained neutral throughout World War II.
The country was gearing up for war.
The country is very different from what it was just after the war.
The country was torn by war.
The country was wasted by war.
Oil is abundant in that country.
The land is clothed with woods.
The nation ceased to exist.
The country fell into the invader's hand.
The country is supported by industry.
The country is renowned for the beauty of its mountain scenery.
The country is confronted with a financial crisis.
The country appealed to the United Nations for help.
The country appealed to the United Nation for help.
That country is rich in minerals.
That country is turning into a society with high education.
The country has power in international affairs.
That country is rich in mineral resources.
That country has openly threatened to go nuclear.
The country is isolated economically and politically.
The country is famous for the rapid growth of its economy.
The country was industrialized very quickly.
That country has a mild climate.
That country intervened in the internal affairs of our nation.
The country was governed by a French noble family.
The country must be very beautiful.
The country is well on the way to industrialization.
The country is twice the size of England.
The country borders on two other countries.
The country is on the way to becoming a democratic nation.
The country's civilization has advanced.
The beauty of that country is beyond description.
The beautiful of that country is beyond description.
The development of the country is falling behind that of Japan.
The government of that country is now stable.
The government of that country oppresses its people.
The government of the country is now stable.
People in the country were living under a tyranny.
People in that country are pressed by hunger.
The population of that country is about three-fourths of that of Japan.
One third of the population of that country cannot read.
The view for the country's future is bright.
Parts of the country are so dry as to be almost desert.
The capital of the state is right on the equator.
The country's main products are cocoa and gold.
To get the nation's economy out of the red, more foreign aid had to be pumped in.
That country's wealth comes from its oil.
Demand the exclusion of the country from the U. N.
The country is in a bad economic state.
The country's economy has developed making use of its rich national resources.
The country's economy was dislocated by the war.
The economy of the country kept growing for years.
The country's economy depends on agriculture.
The rapid growth of the country has a lot to do with the characteristics of the people.
That country has a severe climate.
A part of the country was at one time a French settlement.
The evil leader of the country was interested only in money.
It seldom snows in this part of the country.
There were storms in that region of the country.
Those who lived in that country could not speak out against their leaders.
A revolution broke out in that country.
That country has a lot of immigrants from Europe.
There are several peoples in the country.
We cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country.
I am anxious to see what there is to be seen of the country.
There is a movement against Japanese goods in that country.
In that country the government controls prices.
The increase in population has become a serious problem in the country.
So many people are starving to death in the country.
Foreigners get special treatment in that country.
Many young people are out of work in the country.
In this country the average number of children per family fell from 2 to 1.5.
Do they observe Christmas Day in that country?
What the country needs most is wise leaders.
The heavy snowfall prevented our train from leaving on time.
The merger was implemented on a 50-50 ratio.
In addition to that sum he still owes me ten dollars.
The agreement was a product of compromise between the two governments.
The passwords were easy to figure out.
We easily figured out the password.
The roof of the high rise building overlooks the whole town.
An immense monument was erected in honor of the noble patriot.
The expensive machine turned out to be of no use.
That mine has shut down.
The auditorium is terribly stained. It is, in part, due to acid rain.
The outside walls of the auditorium are terribly stained. It is, in part, due to acid rain.
A few people came to the lecture.
Few people came to the lecture.
The lecture was beyond me.
The lecture was very long, but I enjoyed it none the less.
The speaker was restrained in his attitude.
The speaker was so famous as to need no introduction.
The speaker was so well-known as to need no introduction.
I regret missing the speech.
The lecture gripped the audience.
The lecture covered a lot of ground.
Access to the resort is quite easy.
The lost child was found after two days.
The behavior did his reputation no good.
And will not come into the light for fear that his deeds will be exposed.
So that it may be seen plainly that what he has done has been done through God.
The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
That plane makes use of new technology.
That aircraft company deals in freight only.
The idea is of paramount importance.
Not a few people had that thought.
The idea is very attractive.
The concept is quite alien to our way of thinking.
The idea seemed absurd at first.
The idea still prevails.
The idea never came into my head.
The thought is not bad.
The idea is still in my mind.
The idea struck me as absurd.
The idea is not bad.
The idea is not in itself a bad one.
I don't like that idea much.
I don't like the idea much.
The whole idea is abhorrent to me.
The idea underlies his theory.
He made it clear that the idea was foolish.
The idea formed in his mind.
Please haul on the rope.
The date on the coin is 1921.
The harbor is closed to navigation.
The port is filled with vessels of all kinds.
The flood was the greatest disaster they had ever had.
The flood did a lot of harm to the crops.
The flood did a lot of damage to the village.
The flood caused a great deal of damage to the crop.
The principal made a rule for the purpose of giving a good school life to the students.
The school building was a blaze of light in the evening darkness.
The college song reminds me of the good old days.
This vast continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
Fossil fuels are abundant in that vast continent.
The ad really pulled.
The hall was decorated with Japanese paintings.
The factory will begin to produce next year.
The factory will cease operations next month.
The factory has laid off some three hundred workers.
The factory produces cotton goods.
The factory is run on a large scale.
The factory decided to do away with the old machinery.
The factory manufactures toys.
The factory produced ten finished articles an hour.
The factory turns out eight hundred motorcycles a month.
The factory was constructed out of concrete.
The factory has dismissed some three hundred workers.
The workers in the factory were forced to work hard to improve the products.
The factory waste gave rise to serious environmental pollution.
Many workers were laid off at that plant.
The factory is trying to get rid of water pollution.
The factory is producing a new type of car.
They had to fire 300 men at the factory.
The duke holds a lot of land.
They carried on with the construction in the face of strong opposition from the residents.
The performance was received with applause.
The park was designed for small children.
The park lies in the center of the city.
The park is governed by the city.
The park was built for the benefit of the public.
The park is common property.
The park was crowded with people with children.
There were many signs in the park that said "Keep off the grass."
The park is busy every season.
Didn't you visit the park?
That park is full of amusements.
Is there a zoo in the park?
There are a lot of tall trees in the park.
There are no less than two hundred trees in the park.
The scene brought her words home to him.
The sight fetched tears from their eyes.
His courage began to shake when he saw the sight.
I could not help laughing at the sight.
I couldn't help laughing at the sight.
The sight made a chill run down my spine.
The sight struck me with wonder.
That sight was seen, and I felt fear.
My hair stood on end with horror when I saw the scene.
I was much frightened at the sight.
My blood curdled at that sight.
The sight made my flesh creep.
I was frightened by the sight.
The sight made my blood freeze.
I was frightened at the sight.
I saw the sight and laughed in spite of myself.
Never shall I forget the sight.
The sight was too miserable to look at.
The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.
That scene was branded on her memory.
The scene brought out the mother in her.
The scene was burned into my memory.
The scene was clearly printed in my memory.
The sight was splendid beyond description.
I could not bear to see the scene.
The sight arrested my attention.
The scene made my stomach turn.
It shines on the beautiful sea.
It is strange how vividly I remember the scene.
The sight has been indelibly etched in my mind.
The candidate handed out a great amount of money in the election.
The candidate is the kind of person that we can look up to.
The candidate is running for mayor.
The candidate waved his hand to whomever he saw.
The traffic accident is fresh in his memory.
The traffic accident happened before my very eyes.
The traffic accident took place on the highway.
How did the traffic accident come about?
The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident.
I was upset by the news of the traffic accident.
He missed the train because of the traffic accident.
Two people were killed in the traffic accident.
The key of the symphony is G minor.
It was my brother that made the mistake.
Look the word up for yourself in the dictionary.
The word is expressive of my feelings.
The word is of great use to me.
The word has acquired broad meaning.
The word lends itself to beginners.
What does this word mean?
The words were spelled wrong.
How do you spell the word?
His misspelling of that word eliminated him from the contest.
Will you please explain to me the exact meaning of the word?
What is the precise meaning of the word?
Find out the meaning of the word for yourself.
The accent of the word is on the second syllable.
Do you know the French equivalent of the word?
The word has several meanings.
I have no idea what has become of her since.
After that, he went home.
I have never heard of him since.
Thereafter we heard no more from him.
I never spoke to him after that.
There followed a prolonged silence.
Do you have anything to do after that?
The patron appreciates genuine antiques.
And soon after I procured Xenophon's Memorable Things of Socrates, in which there are many instances of the same method.
After that he began to enjoy life again and gradually recovered.
After that, many live in special homes for the aged where their children and grandchildren can come to visit them.
You know the rest of the story.
Then Mike tells Hiroshi to fasten his seat belt.
Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
Then Hawking wanted to finish his degree, work at Cambridge, and keep on living.
Then I slipped out the card (no water leaks out because no air can come in - the rim is too close to the table for that).
After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
The customer's complaint was about a sensitive issue.
The employer imposed a heavy task on them.
Don't waste any more time responding to that customer.
The lake is four miles across.
The lake is the deepest in Japan.
The lake can be reached in half an hour by bus.
The lake is large and beautiful.
The lake is notorious for its contamination.
The lake is five kilometers round.
The lake is ten miles about.
The lake supplies the city with water.
The lake is made not by nature but by art.
How deep is that lake?
I don't know how deep the lake is.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The lake is deepest at this spot.
The lake is deep at this point.
The beauty of the lake is beyond description.
The beauty of the lake was beyond description.
The water of the lake is very cold.
The water in the lake is cool.
The lake abounds with fish.
What is the depth of the lake?
The lake supplies water to the village.
The door will be painted tomorrow.
The door was locked from the inside.
The door was locked from the outside.
The door wouldn't shut.
The door will not open; the lock must be out of order.
The lonely man derives pleasure from observing ants.
The orphan wept with grief over his misfortune.
The orphan was fostered by the wealthy man.
The old castle is in a sad state.
The old castle lay in ruins.
The old castle stands on the hill.
The old house was in bad shape.
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
The old clock is still in use.
The old shrine used to stand there.
The old belief is still widely current.
The old proverb still holds good in our modern society.
It was decided that the old building be pulled down.
The old building was broken down.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
The old house was burned to ashes.
The old house stands on a cliff.
That old house has been neglected for years.
There lived an old man in the old house.
The old cottage had only one bed, so we all took turns sleeping in it.
I feel disenchanted by the limited capacity of the computer.
The proverb is quoted from Franklin.
When she heard that, she broke into tears.
Those words have extremely old origins.
The word is out of fashion.
The words hurt his pride.
The word refers to not only adults but also children.
The word is derived from Latin.
The word is unfamiliar to me.
That word dropped from his mouth.
The meaning of the words is intelligible.
If you don't know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
The word has unpleasant associations.
This word has a subtle nuance to it.
The words confirmed him in his suspicions.
The tone in which those words were spoken utterly belied them.
That word describes it perfectly.
The linguist is fluent in several Chinese dialects.
I didn't study either of the languages.
The argument quickly got out of control.
There were ten police officers on the spot.
The phenomenon is typical of our modern era.
The vision that was planted in my senses still silently lingers.
The nuclear ship was built at a considerable expense.
Some of the ingredients are harmful, especially if you are pregnant.
The manuscript had been written out by hand.
What do you think of the original plan?
The key is on the desk.
Don't play with that key!
The humble man is getting along with his neighbors.
There was nothing worthy of remark at the fair.
Let's talk about what to do with the stranger.
The gorgeous cake made my mouth water.
The prefectural governor got the upper hand in the July elections.
The laboratory acquired a fabulous reputation for its historic discovery.
We have little money available for the research.
The research institute was established in the late 1960s.
The research cast new light on the issue.
The study made it clear that smoking ruins our health.
Don't you think the dog is smart?
Don't set the dogs loose.
There's no need to be frightened of the dog; he is quite harmless.
Let's call the dog Skipper.
The dog went away.
The dog went for the postman.
The dog eats a lot of meat every day.
The dog is blind in one eye.
The dog seems to be sick.
The dog seems to have been sick.
The dog wagged its tail.
The dog, wagging its tail, followed its master.
The dog was running toward him.
The dog was walking at his heels.
The dog ran after the cat.
The dog didn't eat the meat.
The dog had a piece of meat in its mouth.
The dog was frozen to death.
The dog is trained to watch for thieves.
The dog is brown, small and thin.
The dog sniffed the ground.
The dog barks at a stranger.
The dog was out of breath.
The dog went away like a shot.
The dog was killed on the spot.
The dog came running to her.
The dog began to run.
The dog drank some water and went away.
The dog was burnt to death.
The dog saved the girl's life.
The dog growled at a little boy.
The dog knew its master.
The dog was run over by a car.
The dog ran away at the sight of me.
Scarcely had the dog seen me before in ran away.
The dog follows me wherever I go.
The dog came running to me.
The dog nipped at me.
The dog was dead.
The dog came running to us.
The dog is dying.
The dog was dying.
The dog barked at the stranger.
The dog should be on a chain.
The dog leaped at a stranger.
The dog barks at all strangers.
The dog guarded the house against strangers.
The dog was digging a hole.
The dog awoke to the danger.
The dog must be hungry.
The dog wants to go outside.
The dog seems to be getting better.
That dog is loved by the whole family.
The dog is called Spot by the family.
The dog's hair bristled when it saw the lion.
This dog is almost human.
The dog was sleeping on the mat.
The dog wouldn't let go of the ball.
The dog was so clever that he seemed almost human.
The dog pricked up his ears at the sound.
The dog answers to the name John.
The dog was wagging his tail.
The dog will not harm you.
The dog answers to the name of Blackie.
The dog looks hungry.
As soon as the dog saw me, it began to bark.
The dog always barks at me.
The dog is on the chair.
The dog likes that kind of food.
The dog turned its head this way and that.
The dog's name is Ken.
The dog kept barking all night.
The dog kept me from approaching his house.
The dog gave his leg a mean bite.
Please feed the dog every day.
Don't approach the dog.
Don't go near the dog.
Don't feed the dog.
You can buy that dog if you want to. It is for sale.
That dog made for me.
Make sure that the dog does not escape.
I like the dog.
Don't play with that gun. It's not a toy.
I found it easy to find the building.
The building exhibits signs of dilapidation.
That building can easily be seen from the other side of the room.
The building is rotten inside and out.
The building fell down suddenly.
The building suffered much from the earthquake.
The building stood beside the river.
The building is incapable of repair.
The building doesn't blend in with its surroundings.
The building is built of marble of a most lovely color.
The building crumbled to pieces three years ago.
The building will be made of concrete on a steel framework.
The building was heavily damaged by fire.
The building did not pass a fire inspection.
The building is a monstrous structure.
The building is on your right. You can't miss it.
The building may crash at any time.
The building is seven stories high.
The building will be completed in a year.
The building was built in 1960.
The building was not sold for 10,000 dollars, let alone 15,000 dollars.
It was difficult for me to find the entrance to that building.
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.
The frame of the building is now complete.
Only part of the building has been destroyed by the earthquake.
The building looks down on the whole town.
The building has no fire exit.
We can see the whole harbor from the building.
The architect achieved worldwide fame.
The architect boasted that he had received a prestigious award.
The architect suggested that the building be restored.
The architect designed that building.
We intend to look into that matter.
Let's put that on hold.
The matter was settled in his absence.
The matter comes under MITI.
You can only let the matter take its own course.
I know it by hearsay.
The matter is now under consideration.
The issue is in the balance.
That matter will take care of itself.
This is the biggest issue in this matter.
I'm not in a position to say anything about that.
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
I really don't have an opinion about it.
I cannot but object to his opinion as to the matter.
I don't agree with you on the matter.
I'm not familiar with that subject.
I'll talk the matter over with my father.
Their views vary on the subject.
He lied about the matter.
You should look into the matter at once.
May I talk with you in private about the matter?
We have to study the matter.
I will look into the matter.
I'll tell you all I know about it.
I cannot refrain from expressing my opinion about the affair.
I will advise you on the matter.
There is no point arguing about the matter.
I'm not schooled in that subject.
You can take her at her word on that.
You should sound him out about the matter.
Don't tell anybody about the matter.
Please keep me informed of the matter.
We'd better brainstorm about it together and get a better idea.
It is better to say nothing about the matter.
Our views on the matter are in accord.
What do you think should be done about it?
It is useless to discuss the matter any further.
I'd like to have an interview with your father about the matter.
I pointed out that he was mistaken about the matter.
The affair cost me many sleepless nights.
I put off the conclusion.
The conclusion rests on a solid basis.
The conclusion was formed on the basis of these facts.
It took us three hours to come to a conclusion.
The result confirmed my hypothesis.
From that conclusion the family could be divided into two groups.
The wedding was held last week.
It was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce.
What happened in consequence?
The result was that she got ill.
You should not make little of the result.
The result will satisfy him.
The results came as a surprise to many people.
The result was far from being satisfactory.
The results fell short of my expectations.
The result fell short of our expectations.
The result remains to be seen.
The result was by no means satisfactory.
He was rubbing his hands over the report of the result.
I am pleased with the result.
As regards result, you don't have to worry.
I was disappointed at the result.
As a result, he became a great merchant.
As a result, it is undeniable that important disciplines and moral education have been neglected. By placing excessive importance on scholastic achievement, many parents have forgotten such basic social courtesies as consideration for others.
Those consequences are no concern of mine.
The result is a continual search for food in a changing environment.
The consequence was that she lost her job.
As a result, more women are receiving equal work.
As a result, people have got so used to being paid this way that they're uncomfortable with any other.
Maintaining that tie is important.
Let's plug up the hole.
The hole is two meters across.
The diameter of the hole was slightly larger.
The hole is about five feet across.
There is a good argument for that decision.
The decision is not final.
The decision was acceptable to us all.
The decision was unfavourable to us.
The decision has something to do with what you said.
I could clearly see that the hard work had begun to tell on his health.
It's nothing impressive. It's just a bit part in that play.
The company presented a three-act play.
What is on at the theater this month?
What is playing at the theater?
The dramatist resides now in New York.
The play was produced by him.
The drama was presented last month.
The play is a satire on the political world.
The play was adapted from a novel.
The show is over.
The play concludes with the hero's death.
The play was based on a true story.
The play ended all too soon.
The play got a favorable notice.
The play went over well.
The play was far from being a failure.
Is the play still running?
The play was so popular that the theater was almost full.
That play was an immense success.
The action took place in a mountain village.
The action of the play takes place in France.
In the play she doubled the parts of a maid and shop girl.
The whale has been found off the coast of Wakayama.
As the artist grows older his paintings may alter.
The artists pledged to contribute all his property to charity.
That artist created a lot of beautiful pictures.
The artist exclaimed.
The chicken hasn't laid eggs lately.
The alarm sent everyone rushing out of the room.
The guard was on duty all night.
The policeman was confronted by the angry mob.
The policeman went over the room in search for evidence.
The policeman cut me short in my talk.
The policeman observed the man open the door.
The police were able to cope with the crowd.
The policeman promised to investigate the matter.
The cop was shot on his beat.
The police are searching.
The police have surrounded the building.
The warnings are clear and concrete.
The policeman was off duty.
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.
The policeman arrested him for speeding.
The police caught sight of the criminal running away.
The policeman chased the thief.
The policeman was after the thief.
The policeman didn't believe the thief.
The policeman asked people to back off.
The policeman dealt with the accident.
The policeman is now on duty.
The policeman was rather abrupt with me.
The policeman tore the signboard from the house.
That policeman promised to look into the matter.
The policeman talked to the children in as friendly a manner as he could.
The police searched for the lost boy.
The policeman was on duty on that day.
The instant he saw the policeman, he ran away.
Abandoning that plan can't be helped.
Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
It may be too early for us to put the project into practice.
It cost lots of money to put the plan into practice.
It will be to our mutual benefit to carry out the plan.
In carrying out the plan, you should have reckoned with all possible difficulties.
Carrying out the plan was easy.
It is impossible to put the plan into practice.
It is difficult to carry out the plan.
You are going to carry out the plan, aren't you?
It was difficult to carry out the plan.
I have decided not to support the plan.
We are not alone in supporting the plan.
I'm thinking of the plan.
I suggested that the plan be postponed.
The plan is well worth trying.
Carry on with your plan.
We all agreed that the plan made sense.
The plan will be brought into effect tomorrow.
The plans were discarded.
The plan is incapable of alteration.
The plan is bound to succeed.
The plan should be carried through.
The plan was a good one apart from its cost.
The plans are being made without regard to his schedule.
The plan did not meet with his ideas.
The plan is under discussion.
The plan gave rise to much trouble.
The project was a complete failure.
The plan must be carried out by all means.
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
The project is underway.
The plan was discussed in detail.
The plan is not mature.
The plan was put into operation.
The project was aborted.
The plan met with opposition from the inhabitants.
We saw that the plan would end in failure.
The plan was a masterpiece of fraud.
The plan was given up at length because funds ran short.
That plan resulted with failure.
The plan will develop our city.
As yet, the project is in the air.
The plan has been successful so far.
The plan is worth considering.
The project is taking shape.
That plan will probably fail in the long run.
The program does not allow for changes at this point in time.
I cannot approve of the plan, seeing that it costs too much.
The plan will be carried out in the near future.
They carried on with the plan in spite of strong objections to it.
The project will entail great expense upon the company.
The plan was adopted at the meeting.
The plan has been generally accepted.
That project is proceeding slowly.
How will the plan work out?
The plan was supported by practically all the attendants.
Will the plan meet the need?
The plan will work out.
The details of the plan unfolded.
I find the plan to be unsatisfactory in several ways.
There are few, if any, supporters of the plan.
Do you have any alternatives to the plan?
We have to get the necessary capital ready for the plan.
It is very brave of you to vote against the plan.
I refuse to consent to that plan.
Would you agree to the plan in principle?
Some people are for the plan and others are against it.
I lost half my interest in the project.
Would you take part in the project?
It seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions.
The plan calls for a lot of money.
There is big oversight in that plan.
The plan is far from satisfactory.
The new plan will call for a lot of money.
I'm dead against the plan.
Money for the plan was lacking.
The plan requires a large sum of money.
I consulted with my father about the plan.
We went with him on that plan.
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.
What must be done if the plan proves unworkable?
What if the scheme doesn't work out?
The stalk is a little bigger around than your little finger.
The economist anticipated a prolonged depression.
The economist instinctively anticipated the current depression.
The experience will do you good.
The experience prejudiced her in favor of the Democratic Party.
The scenery carried me back to my younger days.
The scenery was too beautiful for words.
The scenery was beyond description.
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.
No picture can do justice to the scene.
The beauty of the scenery is beyond description.
Words can not express the beauty of the scene.
Both brothers are musicians.
The brothers hate each other.
Each of the brothers has a car.
Those brothers are both over 6 feet in height. That's indeed tall.
Both the brothers are dead.
Both brothers are still alive.
The brothers were born twelve years apart.
There is a strong bond between the brothers.
That tendency is strong among Americans.
The chief clerk is not a hardworking man, but gets ahead rapidly because he knows how to curry favor with his superiors.
The army was involved in a number of brilliant actions during the battle.
The army made inroads into the neighboring country.
The army slowly advanced across the river.
The troops had plenty of arms.
The troops easily put down the rebellion.
The force held out bravely against their enemy's attacks.
The trainee could hardly bear the burden of the task.
The exercises did her good.
The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
After examining the bear at leisure, I made a rush on him.
The bear ran after me.
The bear is quite tame and doesn't bite.
May I use the shoe polish?
The hosiery factory produces 600,000 pairs of socks a day.
Air those shoes!
Those shoes won't do for climbing.
Those shoes are out of date.
These shoes are too expensive.
The shoes were made of some soft stuff that looked like leather.
Those shoes have been reduced.
I was surprised at how expensive the shoes were.
The shoes match this white skirt.
The vacant lot is laid out as a park.
If the shoe fits....
Did you pay for those shoes?
The airport is in Osaka Bay.
The empty house was full of dust.
The bank has raised its dividend by 20%.
The bank has branches in all parts of the country.
The bank opens at 9 a.m. and closes at 3 p.m.
Where is the bank?
You can easily find the bank.
Is the bank far from here?
The branch offices of the bank are located all over Japan.
We have an account with the bank.
Will you show me the way to the bank?
The rich man bought a Millet.
The rich friend gave him the cold shoulder.
His admission that he had stolen the money astonished his family.
The money is at your disposal.
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.
Put the money in the bank.
I've spent all the money.
The money is to be applied to the debt.
The money was stolen from his briefcase.
I halved the money with my pal.
I'll lend you money, but mind you, this is the last time.
The money was appropriated for building the gymnasium.
The money will go a good way towards my school expenses.
The money was divided among the three.
You have to use the money wisely.
The money belongs to the company.
We divided the money between us.
None of the money is mine.
The greater part of the money was spent.
All of the money is reserved for emergencies.
All the money was spent on clothes.
The industrious merchant worships his ancestors.
I remember hearing that music somewhere.
The piece was arranged for piano and orchestra.
Have you ever heard that music played on the guitar?
The industry has seen many booms and busts in the past.
The bridge is built of wood.
The bridge is thirty meters in width.
The bridge is closed to traffic.
The bridge has a span of 100 meters.
That bridge has been out of use for a long time.
The bridge is under construction.
The bridge is still under construction.
How long is the bridge?
The bridge was broken after just one day.
The bridge will give way under such a heavy load.
The bridge is far down the river.
The bridge must be built in six months.
The bridge is so made that it may open in the middle.
The bridge is approximately a mile long.
The bridge saved them a lot of time and trouble.
The bridge saved us a lot of time.
The professor is familiar with contemporary literature.
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand him.
The professor is noted for his study of Shakespeare.
That professor is an authority on Shakespeare.
The professor was unable to comprehend what I meant.
The party was held in the professor's honor.
The classroom was so noisy I didn't hear my name called.
The teachers greeted the little boys.
The teacher is always finding fault with his students.
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.
The teacher affirmed the decision of the student council.
The teacher aroused our interest.
The teacher always thinks highly of the students who try to think, "Why?".
The teacher was deluged with questions.
The lesson was driven into my head.
It is worthwhile remembering the moral.
The church stands on the hill.
The church stands on a hill.
The church was built hundreds of years ago.
The church is built in Gothic style.
The church dates back to 1173.
It is frightening beyond description.
Dozens of people were injured in the terrible accident.
The fearful noise astonished anyone coming for the first time.
The robber escaped being punished.
The center fielder shifted his position for the slugger.
The cry roused me from my sleep.
The institution advertised on TV for volunteers.
The association has excluded amateurs ever since its foundation.
The president of the republic is chosen by the people.
The stadium is accessible by bus.
The athlete seemed immune from fatigue.
Congratulations on coming first in the competition.
In the contest he fully displayed what ability he had.
I will keep the fish alive.
That fish lives in fresh water.
That fish travels in a group, don't they?
The fish tasted like salmon.
Please freeze the fish and meat.
The fishermen cast their nets into the sea.
The fisherman saved himself by means of a floating board.
The huge building seemed to touch the sky.
The giant was not loved by anybody.
The milk tastes sour.
The pay is not adequate for a family of six.
The stadium was flooded with baseball fans.
The stadium is adjacent to the school.
The express train picked up speed gradually.
The relief pitcher was no substitute for the ace.
Visitors to the palace can still see this tennis court today.
All the schools are closed on that holiday.
The hills were covered with snow.
The hill commands a fine view.
The hills were full of pretty flowers.
The top of the hill is flat.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
You can ski on that hill.
The hill overlooked the sea.
The playwright cherishes the vivid memories of his childhood.
The cabin attendant is good at flattery.
The customer rejected everything that I showed her.
The guest was not ashamed of his silly conduct at all.
The customer contended that she had been cheated.
I'm going to attend to the customer.
The good news spread through the village quickly.
The argument weighed with him.
The argument will not hold.
The argument is full of holes.
What is the basis for the argument?
I had him in that discussion.
The argument has no force.
A discussion of the proposal seems to be in order.
I took his side in the argument.
The member of the Diet brought in a bill on political contribution, but it didn't pass.
The victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake.
The engineer thought of a new model.
The engineer told us how to use the machine.
The play was not well acted.
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
This rite is part of their religion.
The ceremony went off well.
The ceremony is to turn away evil spirits.
The knight is not so much brave as reckless.
We must go back to the Middle Ages to trace the origin.
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.
The aristocrat clings to the glory of his past.
Those records are not accessible to the public.
The time spent to see the monument is short.
The reporter filed his story just before the paper went to press.
The journalist was calm even in an emergency.
That reporter has a nose for news.
Read through the article.
This account does not agree with the facts.
The press ban on the case was removed yesterday.
The article alludes to an event now forgotten.
The article was an invitation for public protest against the newspaper.
Can't you sit the story out for a while?
The article covers all the events at the fair.
The sign means that the answer is correct.
The rule does not apply to his case.
The regulation was abolished, but then it was reenacted.
The rule is utterly inflexible.
The rule should be revised.
You must keep to the rules.
The rule doesn't hold well in our case.
The rules were recently relaxed.
Is that rule applicable to us foreigners?
The rule does not apply in our case.
The rule holds good in this case.
That rule holds good in this particular case.
That rule holds good in all cases.
Those rules fostered discontent among students.
There are cases where the rule does not hold good.
The rule doesn't apply in this case.
The train should reach Osaka by ten.
The liner called at Hong Kong.
There were a few passengers in the train who were injured in the accident.
The gas gives off a strong, bad smell.
The gas was compressed into a gas cylinder.
This gas gives off a bad smell.
The climate affected his health.
Come and see me anytime you want to.
If he doesn't want to learn, we can't make him.
Its mechanism will cease to work.
The institution was established in the late 1960s.
Magnetic force drives the mechanism.
Let's analyze the machine.
It took a lot of time and money to build the machine.
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
The machine has some of its parts missing.
The machine generates a lot of electricity.
The machine has been out of order since last month.
The machine is so delicate that it easily breaks.
The machine works by itself.
The machine takes a lot of room.
The machine is lying idle.
The machine is now in operation.
The machine is out of order.
The machine operates around the clock.
The machine operates all day long.
The machine is safely in operation.
The machine was coated with dust.
The machine, which is excellent, has a good reputation.
There must be something wrong with the machine.
In addition to classifying the data, the machine also checks the figures.
The machine is used in this way.
Something is always going wrong with the machine.
The machinery was produced by American company.
The machine broke because he had not looked after it properly.
The function of the machine is to save work.
Could you show me how to use that machine?
The frame of the machine should be rigid.
The machine will save you much time and labor.
Take the battery off the machine.
I figured out why the machine wouldn't work.
The chance was fully taken advantage of.
Please move the desk to the left.
The desk is made of wood.
The desk has three drawers.
The desk is too small for Meg.
The desk is in a state of total disorder.
There is food on the desk.
The surface of the peculiar object is fairly rough.
The strange sound raised her from her bed.
The basic meaning of it remains the same.
The enterprises carried the five-day workweek.
The corporation set up a dummy company.
There's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
They have taken great pains to finish the project, I hear.
The plan is subject to his approval.
I've spoken amply about the project.
The attempt ended in failure.
What's that look for?
The face will leave in you an utterly different impression.
Don't step on that rock. It's going to fall.
The rock projected over us like a roof.
There were no holds for hand or foot on the rock.
How much were the glasses?
The mistake cost him his head.
I was there all the time.
By then Tony was in his middle sixties and still able to work hard, but he had a brand-new truck now, a new mower, a lot of other equipment and three people helping him.
The can will do for an ashtray.
She did nothing but cry all the while.
The nurse cared for the patient very tenderly.
The nurse attended the patient.
The nurse substituted for the doctor who caught a terrible cold.
The nurse put a bandage gently around my head.
The director is sensitive to criticism.
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
That institution must be protected.
The practice should be done away with.
There is no one to attend to that patient.
The patient requires constant care.
The patient is recovering from his illness.
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day.
The patient is in critical condition.
The patient fainted at the sight of blood.
The patient is in danger.
The patient was in danger.
The patient felt none the better for having taken the new pills.
The patient felt the worse for having taken the pills.
That patient may die at any time.
The patient may pass away at any moment.
The patient is always complaining of a headache.
The patient is much the same as yesterday.
Many peasants died during the drought.
In the drought, many people and animals starved to death.
The great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
The end of which there were two little sketches of rhetoric and logic, the latter finishing with a specimen of a dispute in the Socratic method.
The bag was too heavy for me to carry by myself.
Whoever finds the bag must bring it here.
Neither of those two students passed the test.
The band entertained the spectators at the parade.
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
The students missed class three times in a row.
The students rebelled against the government.
Since the student has worked very hard, he is making rapid progress.
The student majors in philosophy.
The student insulted the teacher.
The student was kind enough to show me the way.
The student is working at sociology.
The student gave himself up to despair.
The student concentrated on his subject.
The student arrived after the examination was over.
The student may have copied the figures in a hurry.
Being a science student, one naturally thinks quickly, so the student snapped up and replied.
The students were all looking forward to summer vacation.
The student speaks English a little.
The student failed to account for the mistake.
The student ordered the book from New York.
The student was punished for cheating.
The student took to heart the judge's critical comments on his speech.
The student's cheating was easily caught out.
When I asked the college student if he regularly attended his school, he was at a loss for an answer.
The students are apt to make the same mistakes.
All the students study English.
The speech made by the student was interesting.
The scholar spent what little money he had on books.
The learned man worships his ancestors.
The scholar is an authority on fiscal policy.
The scholar carried on his lifework.
The scholar carried out his lifework at the age of seventy.
The scholar regards so-called compulsory education as useless.
The speech of the scholar is well worth listening to.
The school has turned out many inventors.
The school supplies the students with books.
The school is a half-mile walk from my house.
That school is equipped with the latest gymnastics apparatus.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
The school is located on a hill.
The school is located at the foot of a hill.
The school looks like a prison.
The school was founded seventy years ago.
This school was founded in 1970.
The school was established in 1650.
Bear in mind that that school is an integrated junior high and high school.
The school should do away with the uniform.
Every child in the school took to the new teacher.
The level of the school is high.
I inquired at the school only to find there was no student by the name of Yamada.
The school boasts a fine swimming pool.
There are 2,000 students in the school.
The school is equipped with four computers.
When the school needed a new teacher, he applied for the position.
The school needed a new teacher.
The school does not allow students to smoke on campus.
The leather jacket has worn out at the elbow.
The cabinet minister wound up submitting his resignation.
Turn left at the corner.
Turn left at the next corner, and you'll find the station.
Turning the corner, you will find my house.
The town was full of activity.
The sea came in sight of us as we turned the corner.
The town is situated 1,500 meters above sea level.
The shops in the street were for the most part closed.
There is a very old temple in the town.
The cliff hangs over the road.
The cliff is almost vertical.
The foreigner comes from Scotland.
I thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude.
The foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were her mother tongue.
The foreigner didn't know Japanese at all.
The foreigner speaks Japanese fairly well.
The foreigner soon got used to Japanese food.
The surgeon operated on the patient.
You must not go up the stairs.
I found the picture interesting.
The painting is not worth the price you are asking.
The painting turned out to be a Turner.
The painting is the work of a Dutch master.
I never see that picture without being reminded of my hometown.
The picture reminds me of my school days.
The picture set her wondering.
When I saw the picture, I remembered the story.
Please let me have a look at those pictures.
I've seen that picture before.
The picture is true to life.
The pictures are of her own painting.
The drawing was mounted in a fancy frame.
The picture was wonderful.
The painting was the object of admiration.
The painting will cost at least 1,000 dollars.
The picture looks nicer from a distance.
That picture doesn't seem ugly to me; on the contrary, I think it's rather beautiful.
The picture has been drawn well as yet.
This painting has poor composition.
The picture of beauty beyond description.
The picture is hung upside down.
The picture has already been finished by him.
The painting is all but finished.
The picture was painted by Picasso.
The picture is presumed to have been painted by Picasso.
The picture is good in its way.
The picture was wonderful. You ought to have seen it.
The picture was hung upside down.
The picture is colorful in contrast with this one.
The cost of the painting is very high.
The price of the picture is 10 pounds.
We cannot rate the picture highly enough.
There is a castle in the background of the picture.
I like neither of the pictures.
I can see some intricate patterns in the picture.
The picture has a charm of its own.
I paid only a trifle for the picture.
The picture was priced at 200,000 yen.
Can you see the picture?
The neighborhood is alive with activities.
They are building a long bridge across the channel.
People call the sea the Mediterranean.
The ghost story was terrifying.
The injured man is now at rest.
The strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch.
The broken doll is mine.
The memoir breathes the deepest respect for his father.
The newscaster puts too much emphasis on the food crisis.
It doesn't require a scholar to interpret.
The firm has made large profits from exports.
The company closes its books at the end of March.
The company provides them with uniforms.
The company suffered a 15% drop in sales.
The company is incorporated in Japan.
That company ranks No. 1 in Japan.
The company wants to employ 20 people.
The company went bankrupt.
There's another rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
The company manufactures electrical goods.
The company aims to branch out into China.
That company is on the rocks because of bad debts.
The company has branches in all large cities.
The company suffered a great loss.
The company is located in the suburbs of Osaka.
The company was absorbed into a big business.
The company suffered a heavy loss.
The company was forced to lay off many employees.
The company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
The company is owned by a group of entrepreneurs who started it right after the war.
The company is located on the West Coast.
The company suffered big losses.
The firm has bought some new cars.
The company is bringing out a new kind of sport car.
The company was transferred to a new man.
The company published a new magazine.
How did the company dream up its new ad campaign?
The company has purchased a new computer system.
The company always strives to satisfy its customers.
The company invited their prospective customers to the party.
The firm provides its workers with their uniforms, but they are expected to have them regularly cleaned.
The company dropped five employees.
That company deals mainly in imported goods.
How many cars has that company bought?
The company employs new staff seasonally.
The company laid off twenty percent of its work force; therefore, expenses decreased.
The company stands for free trade.
The company didn't make any effort to improve its business practices.
That company is, in effect, bankrupt.
The company was started with $100,000 in capital.
The company couldn't fill my order.
The firm has recently diversified its products so as to extend its market.
The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
The firm is known for its high-quality products.
The company manufactures a wide variety of musical instruments.
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.
The firm decided to do away with the old machinery.
The company has changed hands three times.
The company introduced Japanese methods into its business.
The firm publishes educational books.
Having fallen victim to increased competition, the company went bankrupt.
The company is losing money heavily.
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.
The company couldn't cope with sudden changes.
It's all up with the firm.
The firm is under foreign management.
The company turned him down for no apparent reason.
The company is our wholly-owned subsidiary.
What does the company produce?
That company is one of the best in the business.
The company will soon go bankrupt.
The company once again went into the red. It is beyond saving.
The firm has built up a wide reputation for fair dealing.
The company will hold a presentation of the new model tomorrow.
The company will advertise its new product on television.
The company has already established its fame as a robot manufacturing company.
The company has cut a figure in the computer industry.
The company is trying to improve its image.
The company is 51% owned by American capital.
The company employs 500 workers.
The company has decided to employ two new secretaries.
The company develops new products every other month.
The company was founded in 1974.
The company was established in 1950 by the incumbent chairman.
The company is wholly owned by the local government.
The company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services.
Workers at the company went on a strike.
The company's profit amounted to $250 million before tax.
The company's profitability improved.
The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth, but soon it came to light.
The company has a capital of 500,000 pounds.
The strength of the firm is attributed to its future-oriented strategy.
The rapid growth of the firm was attributed to its unique strategy.
The company shares give a high yield.
The big promotion of that company's stock was just a cover-up to hide their impending bankruptcy.
This company's stock closed at 932 yen yesterday.
The company's financial year runs from April until March of the following year.
Only members of the company are entitled to use the facilities.
He had not been employed by the company three years before he become a director.
It has been unofficially decided that I will be employed by the company.
He got into the habit of smoking soon after he got a job in the company.
The company has hard and fast rules against lateness.
The company is open for equity participation by anybody.
The company has three hospitals of its own.
Millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company.
There is a scheme to expand the company.
Every man and woman in the company is well trained.
The "retired" president of that company runs the whole show from behind the scenes, so the current president is nothing but a figurehead.
The meeting, in short, was a waste of time.
The meeting was held as intended at the outset.
The meeting will be held next week at the earliest.
The meeting took place last week.
I thought that meeting would never conclude.
The meeting was put off because John was sick.
The meeting is all over.
The meeting is to be held here tomorrow.
The meeting will take place tomorrow.
The meeting was called off.
Those present at the meeting were surprised at the news.
A variety of people gathered at the meeting.
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
It is desirable that you should attend the meeting.
We had better not attend the meeting.
At the meeting he said a lot, but his argument did not hold water.
I acted as interpreter at the meeting.
The first speech was given at the convention by none other than Clint Eastwood, the famous actor.
No suspicion may be attached to the accountant.
The meeting room is in use now.
We adjourned the meeting until the following Friday.
The meeting has been fixed for next week.
The conference takes place annually.
The conference was presided over by Mr Mori.
The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either side.
The conference passed off well.
The conference was scheduled for March, but it has been put off till April.
There were thirty people present at the meeting.
Were you present at the meeting?
Many persons were attending the conference.
The conference drew 150 diplomats.
The meeting is held annually.
The meeting was not particularly well attended.
The meeting will be held at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday.
The meeting can't be held until Monday at earliest.
The party ended at ten o'clock.
That party was held under the auspices of the Foreign Ministry.
The meeting is held once in three years.
The meeting is to be held at three.
I applied for membership in the association.
I had expected him at the meeting.
I didn't commit myself to attend the meeting.
I will present myself at the meeting.
Everybody was bright at the party.
They are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery.
The painter went to Paris with the object of studying painting.
The artist has an individualistic style of painting.
The painter died young.
The artist always painted alone.
The artist is eternally a boy.
Her kingdom is your hell.
I explained the process to him.
There is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government.
The freight was insured against all risks.
We will discuss that later.
The flower garden needs watering.
Have you gone over the lesson?
The flowers will look more beautiful in the vase.
The flowers give off a very pleasant perfume.
The flower died for want of water.
The flower comes out in early spring.
The flower died for lack of water.
The flowers were very beautiful to look at.
Its flower is beautiful, but it bears no fruit.
The flower is opening.
The flowers are protected against the weather.
The flower gave out a sweet smell.
The flower is alive with bees.
Put those flowers wherever we can see them well.
Focus your camera on the flower.
It took a long time to put out the fire.
The fire devoured the town.
The fire was brought about by children's playing with matches.
The fire is remembered in history.
The fire was soon extinguished.
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.
He was the only person to survive the fire.
The fire consumed the whole house.
The fire reduced the house to ashes.
Not all the houses around here were burned down in the fire.
Seven families were burned out by the fire.
The fire destroyed the tall building.
The volcano poured molten rock.
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.
The volcano erupts at regular intervals.
The volcano has erupted twice this year.
The volcano may erupt at any moment.
The singer was standing by in the studio.
The singer has a beautiful voice.
The singer is going to be a hit.
Attention centered on the singer.
The singer is famous not only in Japan but also in Europe.
That singer is popular with girls.
The singer is very popular with teenage fans.
That singer is very popular with young people.
The singer is popular among young people.
That singer is a teenage idol.
The singer was known to young people.
The singer is known to everybody at our school.
One of these days the singer will be famous.
The singer is known to everyone.
The singer, who is from Okinawa, is very popular among young people.
The singer is as famous as Madonna.
The singer was at his best in that song.
The singer fought his way through the crowd of fans.
The singer's voice melts your heart.
When the singer appeared on stage, the audience gave him the Bronx cheer, because he dumped his wife for another woman.
It is a pity that the singer died so young.
There was hardly anyone who didn't laugh when the singer fell off the stage.
That song always reminds me of my childhood.
The song always reminds me of my childhood.
That song reminds me of a certain girl.
The song reminds me of my young days.
The song called up my childhood.
That song reminds me of my childhood.
The song reminds me of my home.
The song always reminds of my childhood.
That song reminds me of a famous movie actor.
Let's sing the song in English.
The song caught on with the public.
The song is at once sad and beautiful.
The song descended from a legend.
The song was a big hit.
The song appealed to young people.
That song sounds familiar to me.
The song is familiar to us.
The song is now very familiar to us.
The song is well known to everybody.
How does the song go?
How does that song go?
The fruit went bad.
The song had a melody that went like this.
The fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste.
The fruit is still too sour to eat.
The fruit smells delicious.
The scientist found out laws.
The scientist was working on a new experiment.
The scientist searched for the bones of the dinosaurs in the valley.
The scientist gave himself up to his experiment.
The scientist tried to discover Nature's laws.
The scientist is famous both at home and abroad.
The scientist is working on atomic energy.
The scientist gave a lecture on the structure of the universe.
The scientist explained the strange phenomena in the light of recent scientific knowledge.
The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
The family lived a wretched life during the war.
The family has been cursed with poor health.
The family ate dinner together.
The family received me very warmly.
Losing their breadwinner was a shock to that family, but the insurance money helps a lot.
Everybody in that family has a car of their own.
The family lived in the depths of misery.
The family's circumstances are not easy.
It is very important to consider the cultural background of the family.
The family love one another.
The family seemed to be under a curse.
There was a five-year-old girl in the family.
The furniture belongs to my mother.
It took a lot of energy to move the furniture.
You had better go over the house before you take it.
We went over the house before deciding whether to buy it.
We went over the house thoroughly before buying it.
The house is not ideal, but it's all right.
The house is now under construction.
The house stands among trees.
The house had its roof ripped off by the storm.
The house was being painted by my father.
The house is owned by him.
The house is painted white.
The house has been sold.
The house is on sale.
The house has been bought.
The house was ablaze.
The house could accommodate two families.
The house has a southern aspect.
As the house has a southern aspect, it is very sunny.
The house was ablaze with lights.
The house was on the verge of collapse.
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.
The house was more expensive than I had expected.
You'll find the house empty.
The house requires repairs.
The house requires large repairs.
The house is to let.
The house is heated by solar energy.
The house is anything but comfortable to live in.
The house was burned to ashes.
The house verges on the river.
The house is built of red bricks.
The house is made of stone.
The house was built several hundred years ago.
The house was as dark as dark.
The house is being painted by a professional.
The house has burnt down.
The house was destroyed by fire.
The house is comfortable to live in.
The house was pleasant to live in.
The house was burnt to ashes.
The house is under repairs.
The house is in need of repair.
The house is too big for us, and what is more, it is too expensive.
That house is not satisfactory for my needs.
The house exactly corresponds with my needs.
I don't think the house is as big as we hoped.
The house is not occupied now.
The house is screened from view with a high fence.
The house seemed about to collapse at any moment.
The house looked very dismal.
The house was raided by the police.
Tom's house is near the church he goes to.
The house is opposite the church. You can't miss it.
The house stood on the hill.
The house stands on the hill.
The house looks circular, but it isn't a complete circle.
The house deprived us of light.
The house was altogether destroyed by the fire.
The house is insured against fire.
The house was in a blaze.
The house stands by itself.
The house went cheap.
The house was built of bricks.
That house looks nice.
That house needs repainting.
The house is built in European style.
The house was very badly built.
The house is quite run down.
The house is being built now.
The house is not in very good condition.
The house gets painted every five years.
The house is too small for five people to live in.
The house is two miles off.
It seemed that that house was small if it was compared with the cottage which he lived in even recently.
My house, which I bought ten years ago, still looks new.
The interior of the house was very attractive.
There is a river beside the house.
The house is fenced around.
The house had a stone wall around it.
They think the owner of the house is studying abroad.
The cost of the house was figured out at fifty pounds.
The roof of the house is red.
The roof of the house let in the rain.
The maintenance of the house costs a lot.
Everything in that house revolved upon Aunt Mary.
When the house caught fire, an awful feeling came over me.
The house caught fire.
The house is said to be haunted.
The house gave no sign of life.
There was no sign of life in the house.
There is too much furniture in the house.
The house is next door but one.
She was alone with her baby in the house.
Once out of sight of the house, he began to run.
Its value had trebled.
The hypothesis is based on the thorough experiments.
The musical program has gone off very well.
The musician began to play the violin on the stage.
The musician is enjoying great popularity both in Japan and in America.
The musician is famous abroad as well as in Japan.
The music evokes memories of an earlier time.
That music always reminded me of you.
The music carried me back to my childhood.
The music lured everyone.
The music will carry away the girls.
The music set my imagination to work.
That music is worth listening to many times.
The music doesn't appeal to us any longer.
The music is difficult for grownups to understand.
The music faded away.
The beauty of the music consists of its harmony.
That music really gets me.
I was enchanted with the music.
On hearing the sound, the dog rushed away.
The noise set the dog barking.
The sound died away.
The noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors.
It was getting louder and louder.
The sound grew fainter and fainter.
The sound was distinct from here.
The noise frightened the baby.
The sound was annoying but harmless to the human body.
The noise woke me.
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.
The sound roused her from sleep.
Birds flew away at the sound.
The noise caused me to jump back.
The noise disturbed my sleep.
I couldn't hear the sound well.
The timid soldier was tormented by terrible nightmares.
The shape of the roof looks like a pyramid.
I'll take the yellow one.
The building whose roof you can see over there is our church.
The king ruled the country for years.
The king once lived in that palace.
The king always wears a crown.
The princess was beautiful beyond description.
The royal wedding was a magnificent occasion.
The kingdom was invaded by the enemy.
The crown was set with gems.
The king reigned over his people for forty years.
The king reigned over the island.
The aggressive man urged me to sign the contract.
The death of the king brought about a war.
The dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise.
Don't bring that dirty dog through the kitchen.
Pick up the pencil from the floor.
Who was the leader of the expedition?
We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.
No sooner had the monkey caught sight of him than it jumped up to his shoulders.
The chimney is belching black smoke.
The chimney is made of brick.
The flame has begun to fade.
The musician beat his drums loudly.
The performance got get terrific applause from the audience.
The speech deeply affected the audience.
The speech was greeted by loud cheers.
The station is almost empty during what would normally be the afternoon rush.
The station is 2 kilometers from my house.
The station is far from here.
I'll let you know when we come to the station.
A seat became vacant at that station.
So far no less than 100 people have died of the plague.
Thousands of people died during the plague.
The liquid gave off a strong smell.
The liquid does not strain well.
The liquor gave off a sickly odor.
Its sharp claws began to open and close, open and close.
The hero's speech touched the entire audience.
The satellite made 10 orbits of the earth.
This English essay is suspiciously good!
The English scholar is not conscious of his lack of common sense.
The English lesson started at 8:30.
Let's sing the English song.
The image is not in focus.
That movie star has many fans.
The cinema was filled with people.
Go along this street, and you'll find the movie theater.
That movie theater always shows good movies.
The director used his power to arrange a special place in the cinema world.
Do you remember seeing the movie together before?
We must see the movie again to do it justice.
It took several months to shoot that film.
I have had no chance to see the movie.
You should have seen the film.
I saw the film, which was not so good.
I prefer going for a walk to seeing the movie.
I'd rather go for a walk than see the movie.
The movie moved her to tears.
I didn't know the actor until I saw the movie.
I wish I had seen the film.
Whoever saw the movie was shocked.
I found the film interesting.
I remember seeing the movie.
Did you ever see that movie?
I saw the film and found it interesting.
I missed seeing the film. Did you see it?
How many times did you see the movie?
I want to see the movie again.
It was you that suggested seeing that movie.
If the film is on at your place, do go and see it.
The movie was good.
The movie was much more enjoyable than Hemingway is.
The movie was interesting.
The film was not a success in Japan.
The movie was a big draw at the box office.
The film was a great success.
The film is going over big with audiences.
I remember seeing the movie before.
The movie is X-rated.
Only adults may watch that film.
The picture is on now.
The film made us laugh, but it was not really exciting to watch.
The movie was interesting to all of us.
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.
This movie is suitable for children.
The movie was less funny than the book.
The movie is not so interesting as the original.
This movie is worth seeing.
I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
The movie is drawing pretty well.
I've seen the film many times, but I'd like to see it again.
When will the film be released?
The movie created a great sensation.
The movie was more interesting than I expected.
That movie will be released by and by.
I found the film romantic.
That movie is suitable for people of all ages.
The film received favourable criticism.
How did you like the film?
That movie was shown on television.
The movie thrilled the entire audience.
The film scooped up three awards at the Cannes film festival.
The movie is a stereotyped sob story.
That movie is exciting.
The film was not what I had thought it was.
They have cast the movie.
The movie was cast mostly with Americans.
How does the film end?
I was excited by the movie.
The movie received mixed reviews.
You are certain to be moved deeply by the movie.
The movie gained her great popularity.
The movie costarred two great actresses.
The movie star ate crow many times because of all the thoughtless things she said.
Their influence becomes greater every day, but they are uncreative and can't make value judgements.
The salesman learned to be punctual for appointments.
The cloud was in the shape of a bear.
The athletic meet is an annual event.
The exercise took years off me.
The movement added a new page to the history of Japan.
This movement had a great impact on the behavior of women.
The movement is rapidly gaining ground.
The driver couldn't have stopped at the signal.
The driver really screwed up the team when he drove them to the wrong playing field in a different town.
The canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
The rumor isn't true.
The rumor cannot be true.
The rumor is believed to be true.
The rumor may be true.
The rumor spread all over the town.
The rumor is only too true.
The rumor spread throughout the country.
The rumor became common property.
The rumour has already spread.
The rumor was without foundation.
That rumor soon spread.
The gossip hurt his reputation.
The rumor cannot have been true.
It is doubtful whether the rumor is true or not.
The crow flew away.
The space telescope will help us know the universe much better than before.
The astronaut was slow to get used to the condition of weightlessness.
The astronaut was seen to land on the moon.
The astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle.
The spaceship was never to return to the earth.
They accredit him with the secret charity.
Read this passage.
Translate the passage word for word.
The party went on walking to the next village.
The party was composed of six girls and four boys.
There are five Russians among the party.
Her application to join the party was rejected.
I can't tell if the party will return tomorrow.
The party had no sooner started than it began to rain.
The party had hardly left when it began to rain.
The apparent truth was really a lie.
The affair will come to a happy conclusion.
The blow caught him in the stomach.
The blow made me see stars.
The family property was distributed among the relatives.
One of them is gestures.
The well is dry.
The doctor, who is well off, is not satisfied.
The doctor would not take any gifts from the poor.
The doctor cured her of her disease.
The doctor advised that she stay at home.
The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
The doctor made his patient relax before the operation.
The doctor saved the four people injured in the accident.
The doctor has saved my life.
The doctor is a great authority on children's diseases.
The doctor is a man of culture.
The doctor thinks carefully before deciding what medicine to give.
The doctor just tells me when to take each medicine.
The doctors are engaged in cancer research.
The doctor did a good job on my leg.
The doctor knew how to cope with an emergency like this.
The doctor performed the operation.
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.
The doctor's office is on the second floor.
The doctor did everything possible as a physician to save the life of the dying child; he also gave his blood to help the child weather the storm.
The doctor is trying to solve many of the riddles of cancer.
The medical congress was held in Kyoto.
The dead body was identified by a mole on the cheek.
The ruins are worth visiting.
The will was declared void by the court.
Can you see the difference?
The chair is not near the window.
I can make nothing of it.
I can't seize the meaning.
The idea is typical of him.
The committee was composed entirely of young teachers.
The committee consists of fifteen people.
The committee is composed chiefly of professors.
The committee rejected the proposal on the ground that it was impractical.
The committee consists of scientists and engineers.
The committee consists of five members.
The committee adopted the plan.
The committee has something to do with this plan.
The committee consists of seven scholars.
The committee consists of four members.
The committee is made up of ten members.
The committee man is a dentist in private life.
The great politician passed away in 1963.
A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
The client went running into the office.
I can't approve the plan.
The proposal went through.
Do you have any idea who we should single out for the position?
His idea wasn't usable.
We had a dinner of a kind at the cheap restaurant.
The idea was brought into shape.
The notorious criminal was caught yesterday.
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Roy looked solemn as I told him the story.
The bad smell disgusted us.
The wicked man is scared of heights.
On hearing the bad news, she burst into tears.
Are you ready to hear the bad news?
The bad news is only too true.
The patriot sticks to his moral principles.
Her heart ached for the poor child.
The pitiful tale fetched tears from the girl.
The eagle spread its wings ready for flight.
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.
You must be careful with the wine glass.
The word processor is easy for us to use.
This word-processor is very convenient.
The word processor has saved me much time.
The robot made its way toward him.
That robot came in handy for many things.
The robot does whatever its master tells it to do.
When the rock singer appeared on the stage, the audience at the concert clapped loudly.
The rock star is an idol of the teenagers.
The loan carries 5.5% interest.
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.
Those candles burned the table.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
The reporter learned about war at first hand.
The wrestler had his right leg broken in a bout.
The wrestler has a formidable grip.
The restaurant goes its own way.
The wrestler weighs over 200 kilograms.
The restaurant doesn't do lunch.
You will find the restaurant on your right.
The restaurant is a pleasant out-of-the-way spot in New York.
That restaurant has a very nice atmosphere.
That restaurant usually serves good food at lower prices.
The restaurant gave us perfect service.
The restaurant stands at the junction of two superhighways.
The food the restaurant offered us was so cold and salty that it was far from satisfying.
You can see the whole park from the restaurant.
The record concert is free of charge and is open to everyone.
Whoever wins the race will receive the prize.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the race.
Some famous foreign runners entered that race.
There were fifty entries for the race.
Only four horses competed in the race.
He has the lead in the race.
No less than 3 men fell in that race.
Will you explain the rule to me?
The apple has begun to decay.
That apple is bruised.
The apple tastes sweet.
The apple is not quite ripe yet.
The apple appeased my hunger temporarily.
The apple trees set very well.
Half of the apple was rotten.
Take either of the apples.
The ribbon doesn't match the dress.
The books which are on that list will be difficult to find in Japan.
Add a few more names to the list.
Choose from this list the things you'll need on your trip.
That radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
I'll give you my typewriter in exchange for that radio.
The radio announcer had a masculine voice.
Turn that radio down at once.
The yacht sailed all over the world by using the force of the wind.
The yacht is under smooth sail.
The yacht sailed round a buoy.
You must not misbehave so.
Don't look at me that way.
That is how he got out of danger.
Making such a large sale is a feather in the salesman's cap.
It is dangerous to wield an edged tool in such a way.
That is the regular starting time.
Who are you that you spoke thus to me?
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
He must be a gentleman to act that way.
That's how he escaped being hurt in the accident.
That's how he invented the machine.
That is how it happened.
That's how I got to know her.
That was why he entered the university.
I cannot hear such a story without weeping.
Have you ever heard such a story?
That kind of talk will get you nowhere.
Such a one alone can remind us of our faults.
Such a method is out of date.
There is little, if any, of such distribution of control.
It cannot plausibly be argued that behaviour of such complexity derives entirely from instinct.
No one knows when such a custom came into existence.
We must do away with such a custom.
I feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behavior.
Such a crime cannot be despised enough.
Making such a judgement may lead to wrong ideas.
Was it necessary to inflict such a punishment on him?
That kind of remark does not befit you.
Such secrets are always eventually revealed.
There are such shops about.
It is a wonder that such a man is a policeman.
Such a man ought to succeed.
Such men count for much in the society.
Nothing will excuse such an act.
Under such circumstances, we cannot succeed.
Bear in mind that, under such circumstances, we have no alternative but to find another buyer.
In such a case, you can always ask a question in return.
Such a boy is loved by everybody.
In such a case, restraints in fiscal policy must be brought into play.
Such an event is quite common here.
There seems to be little agreement as to how to preserve the evidence in such cases.
It's my business to investigate such things.
I am proud of having accomplished such a task.
Such magazines have a great influence on children.
The severity of such marks can reveal whether or not any of these people were habitually engaged in hard labor.
Such international cooperation produced great results.
People in such countries, especially the ASEAN countries, believe that the secret of Japan's remarkable economic growth is education.
Such drastic economic growth cannot be sustained.
Such conduct will give rise to suspicion.
Few people can buy such an expensive car.
Such actions are alien to our beliefs.
Such conduct doesn't fit in with your reputation.
Such behavior may bring about an accident.
Such conduct does not become a gentleman.
Such behavior is just like Meg.
Such conduct would subject the offender to a heavy penalty.
Those ideas are alien to our way of thinking.
Hardly ever have we seen such a night!
We had better do away with such a fixed idea.
Such an old car was next to useless.
It is no use making an excuse like that.
You may as well leave such a decision to your daughter.
Such an economic program will help the rich at the expense of the poor.
Such a teacher may as well retire from his work.
Although he was in such circumstances, he made his way by himself.
Such skills could be put to many practical uses.
Nobody knew what the machine was like.
I was stupid to make a mistake like that.
You must avoid making such mistakes.
You'd better leave off such a radical idea.
You cannot respect such a great man too much.
I object to being treated like that.
One must deplore such bad behavior.
You should do away with such evil customs.
Such trouble stems from carelessness.
It is fortunate that you should have such a good friend.
It is beneath him to do something like that.
I don't care for that sort of thing.
Never did I dream of such a thing.
I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
I'll see that it never happens again.
Can such a thing happen again?
The time when such things could happen is past.
Do you think something like that will repeat itself?
There were few, if any, cases.
See to it that such a thing does not happen again.
We need to talk about how to do it.
The method is behind the times now.
I was mixed up by the confusing explanation.
The mountain is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
The mountain is 2000 meters above sea level.
The gangsters let him in on their plan to knock off a rival gang leader.
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.
The hen has laid an egg.
The hen lays an egg almost every day.
The hen hatched five eggs.
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.
The melon smells sweet and tastes very nice.
He offered his congratulations on the happy occasion.
The milk tasted bad.
The milk tasted sour.
The musical was far from being a success.
It cost him ten dollars to get the ticket for the musical.
We felt sorry for the error.
The shabby compartment remained vacant.
The shabby flat is vacant.
Don't tell me the end of the mystery.
Without the error, our team could have won the game.
The orange appears rotten inside.
I found the comic book very interesting.
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.
Please hold on.
Keep straight on!
Hold the line. I'll see if he is in.
The town was exactly the same as before.
The volunteer group provided the villagers with water.
The activities of the volunteer group covered half a century.
I couldn't bring myself to see the horror movie again.
The bottle is filled with water.
There is little, if any, wine left in the bottle.
Do you know that hotel?
The hotel has an air of luxury.
That hotel is not all it's cracked up to be.
The hotel is run by his uncle.
The hotel was designed by a Japanese architect.
The hotel adjoins a lake on the east.
The hotel remains closed during the winter.
The hotel has good accommodation.
The hotel is noted for its food.
The hotel is at the foot of a mountain.
The hotel was hard by the lake.
The hotel was luxurious beyond description.
The hotel has a good prospect.
Standing as it does on the hill the hotel commands a fine view.
The hotel stands on a hill.
The hotel is within easy access of the station.
It is admitted that the hotel is the best in this area.
Did that hotel meet your expectations?
The hotel can accommodate fifty guests.
The hotel can accommodate 500 guests.
The hotel can accommodate 400 guests.
The hotel can accommodate 300 people.
There's a bank in front of the hotel.
The rates cover all the meals at the hotel.
The hotel has a swimming pool, tennis courts and the like.
The hotel has accommodation for one hundred.
The hotel is down there.
If you want a hotel, look, it's just down there.
Did you book accommodation at the hotel?
The position carries with it an attractive salary.
The boxing match was completely one-sided, one pug was so badly mauled that his manager had to throw in the sponge.
The bout turned out rough and neither boxer was going to win hands down.
The boxer finally recovered consciousness, ten minutes after he had been knocked out.
The boxer said he would knock down his opponent in the first round.
The boxer tried to keep his head down.
The boxer lost his weight for the match.
The boxer received a blow to the body.
Roll the ball to me.
Other than that, I've been doing well.
The hall was built in memory of the founder.
The pole inclined to the left.
The hall was so large as to hold more than 1,000 people.
There were quite a few people in the hall.
The boat sank during the storm.
The boat was alongside the quay.
The boat was at the mercy of the waves.
The boat uses a motor for the power.
The boat was tied with a short line.
The boat was drifting in the ocean.
The boat began to take in water and soon sank.
The boat is run by the dog.
The boat made for the harbor.
The boat anchored near the shore.
The boat was seen to draw apart from the others.
That boat was full of refugees from Cuba.
The sign on the board put me in mind of something I had to do.
It's a more realistic plan.
Please don't sit on that bench.
The bell rings at eight.
The helicopter hovered over the building.
The snake reared its head.
Is the snake alive or dead?
Is it possible to acquire the bestseller in the bookstore in Akita?
Read the note at the bottom of the page.
The fence was painted by my father.
The fence is painted green.
Make that floppy uncopyable, just in case.
The project is now in progress.
The project is well-planned and interesting, but its immediate impact on the bottom line is not considered substantial.
Jason, who was in charge of the project, was dismissed for corruption.
The cost of financing of the project was very high.
We must put the brake to further trials.
The program should have started by now, so we'll probably miss the first half.
It is dangerous to cross that old bridge.
The plan has broken down.
May I see that blouse, please?
The grapes seem to be sour.
Those grapes look sweet, but in fact they're sour.
The football game is on the air.
The two men were seen to steal into the house.
The two brothers resemble each other so much that I can hardly distinguish one from the other.
The taller of the two went out first.
There exists an enormous difference between the two theories.
The twin girls are so much alike that I can't tell one from the other.
Make that a shared folder.
The festival will be held next week.
Take care not to drop the bottle.
Open the bottle.
The bottle was filled with what looked like sand.
Is there any salad oil in the bottle?
Pink roses are beautiful.
The building was totally destroyed by the earthquake.
The building stands on the river.
The building has not been known to us at all.
The building is under construction.
The buildings are small in comparison with the skyscrapers in New York.
The building was completely destroyed.
The building is twenty stories high.
The building is to be fifteen stories high, and built to resist earthquakes.
It's at the back of the building.
The construction of the building will be started next year.
The man was mild of manner.
The string is very weak.
I managed to find a parking place right in front of the building.
She wept when she heard the terrible news.
The video is a real lemon!
If those biscuits are going begging, I'll have them.
Divide the pizza among you three.
The clown fell down on purpose.
The piano has a good tone.
The piano was made of beautiful, dark brown wood.
The piano instructor was hard on her.
The pianist is endowed with extraordinary talent.
The name of the pianist is known to everybody.
The pianist played two encores.
They were all ears while the pianist was playing.
The baker is a good man.
The baker's is next door to the butcher's.
The pamphlet is free of charge.
Mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband.
The bungalow is approached only by a narrow path.
The parade was led by an army band.
It seems the volleyball player will be punished for being late for the game.
The balcony commands a splendid view.
The balcony juts out over the street.
The rose gives off a sweet odor.
The roses gave off a nice smell.
The paragraph emphasises the message.
The performance was low-keyed.
That one spring carries the whole weight of the car.
How much is the whole package?
When you wash the bag, please do not put it in the washing machine.
The bags were piled up behind him.
The butter smells good.
At the bus stop, people waited in orderly lines, but as soon as the bus pulled up, the line broke up.
I found it difficult to solve the puzzle.
The solution of the puzzle required no time.
The bus transports passengers from the hotel to the airport.
The bus stops before my house.
The bus can carry a maximum of forty people.
The bus was crowded.
How many times does the bus run each day?
The bus was behind schedule.
The bus will take you to the center of the city.
I didn't take that bus, so I'm not at home right now.
There were fifty passengers on board the bus.
The ladder was covered with dust and rust.
The ladder was covered with mud.
The scissors are not sharp.
The bucket was full of water.
Did you really bake the pie by yourself?
The pipe conveys water from the lake to the factory.
The hijacker demanded a ransom of two million dollars.
The motorbike struck the telephone pole.
The hike will take no less than eight hours.
The violinist has excellent technique.
The violinist's technique was excellent.
The party tickets go for ten dollars and upward.
There was no one who did not enjoy the party.
The party was anything but pleasant.
The party came to an end at midnight.
The party has been put off until next Tuesday.
The party was perfectly deadly.
The party was organized by Mac.
I didn't enjoy the party at all.
When will the party take place?
Only ten people showed up for the party.
No student went to the party.
He gave me some excuse for not attending the party.
She was the last woman that I expected to see at the party.
His behavior at the party was so humorous that I could not help laughing.
Everybody is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
There was not enough wine to go round at the party.
There was enough food at the party for everyone to have some.
Everyone was dressed in a beautiful kimono at the party.
The party was not altogether pleasant.
The notebook is not yours. It's his.
The necklace is cheap at a hundred dollars.
The rat was killed by Tom with a stick.
I borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine.
The cat will scratch you if you provoke it.
The cat lay hidden behind the bushes.
The cat pressed its nose against the window.
The tie doesn't go with my dress.
The tie goes with your jacket.
That tie goes well with your shirt.
That tie looks good on you.
Your tie looks good.
Don't put that damp towel into the bag.
The wet shirt will soon dry up.
The muddy track descends to a valley.
Did you tell the news to your friends?
As soon as she heard the news, she began to weep.
The news made her happy.
She sighed with disappointment at the news.
The news paralyzed him.
I felt like crying at the news.
I'm sorry to hear the news.
I cannot express how happy I was at the news.
I could not but feel disappointed at hearing the news.
Nicole was beside herself with grief when she heard the news.
I felt very sad when I heard the news.
I heard the news on the radio.
When I heard the news on the radio, a chill ran down my spine.
Boil the news down to a hundred words.
The news proved to be true.
The news may be true.
The news turned out to be true.
The news delighted him.
The news took him by surprise.
The news caused him to explode with anger.
The news had an impact on him.
The news spread all over Japan.
The news was suppressed for the time being.
The news spread all over the town.
The news caused a great sensation.
It's news to me.
The news may well be true.
The news spread little by little.
The news is fiction.
The news made me happy.
The news was about my company, so it struck close to home.
The news took us by surprise.
The news turned out false.
The news spread abroad.
The news broke her heart.
The news spread fast.
The news was rushed into print.
The news had a great impact on us.
The news surprised us much.
The news spread like wildfire.
The news is of great importance.
How did the news get out?
The news has just come on the radio.
The news is of little importance.
The news is creating a stir.
The news soon spread all over the village.
The news soon spread abroad.
The news brought her a lot of publicity.
The news caused a great stir.
The anchorman had an audience with the king.
It is not to be denied but that the news was a great shock to her.
The news makes us uneasy.
Let us suppose that the news is true.
Something horrible happened in the busy square.
The smell penetrated through the whole school.
The smell brought back memories of a night some years before.
Would you scrape that rusty pan?
The mystery still remains unsolved.
There must be something heavy in it.
Put that knife where the children can't get at it.
The knife has a very sharp edge.
The knife was covered in blood.
The knife has a keen blade.
It takes us five minutes to walk through the tunnel.
The tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day.
You look nice in that dress.
The dress fits her form.
The dress is too expensive. Can't you sweeten the deal a little?
The dress is of silk.
The dress suits you very well.
The dress becomes you very well.
The dress allured her into the store.
How much did you pay for the dress?
The dress was most becoming to her.
The trunk was too heavy for him to manage.
The drama brought a lump to my throat.
The drama differs from the original story.
The tiger laid in the middle of the cage.
The truck carried a load of furniture.
The load of the truck was in excess of three tons.
The truck is powered by a diesel engine.
It took several hours to clear the mess left from the wreck of the truck and several cars.
The truck ran over a boy.
The driver was charged with speeding.
Then a good idea came into my mind.
The curtain was rising then.
They were watching the sunset then.
Then they played Jump The Daisies and Run Through The Clover.
Then they picked dandelions and put them in their ears.
Then he came to his senses.
Just then his boss came in and cut him down to size.
I felt like talking to somebody then.
Then all of a sudden a good idea came to me.
The sun was coming up then.
Was the baby crying then?
I met him then for the first time.
Only then did I realize it.
It happened that we were in London then.
I was not conscious what in fact I was doing then.
I was eighteen then.
I could not tell what I should do then.
Only I was able to jump across the stream then.
Luck smiled on us then.
Then I found I had left my wallet at home.
The thermometer reads 30 degrees.
If I had been able to speak English then, I would not have been made fun of.
I have got acquainted with him since then.
By that time he will have seen much of the world.
I was happy then.
I realized it only then.
At the time, she gave no thought to her mother.
Why didn't you do so at that time?
The glaring light is hurtful to the eyes.
Mr Jones said something then.
Then I felt that my parents really loved me.
Then they played "ring-a-ring-a-rosy" until they were tired and thirsty.
The boy turned around then.
If you do it that way you won't be mistaken.
The door opens into the bedroom.
The doors fold back.
The door is sometimes open.
The door opened of itself.
The door locks automatically.
I found it hard to close the door.
The door shut of its own accord.
The door gives access to the kitchen.
You should have seen the program on TV.
The television show was interrupted by a special news report.
New problems are often brought up on that TV programme.
I bought the TV from her.
The TV is on the blink.
That television is both big and expensive.
That TV is too loud.
The manufacturer of the television set is a Japanese company.
Is there anything wrong with that television?
The drama on TV was so popular that it stirred up people's interest in the period.
The TV commercial is drawing well.
Nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration.
The department store is always packed with customers.
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
I found the test difficult.
The result of the test brought home to me how little I had learned.
In my anxiety to pass the test, I studied all night.
Nobody got zero in that test.
For this design house it was an appropriate strategy to introduce even more radical colors into computer production.
Let's listen to the tape.
The event has fixed firmly in my mind.
Will you play the tape?
The tape recorder has recorded his voice.
The table doesn't take much room.
Could you hand me the newspaper on the table?
Will you put the glasses on the table?
The data was completely useless.
The data has been fed into the computer.
I didn't mean that.
Where can we go on that tour?
How much is the tour?
Is lunch included in the tour?
The little girl has a doll in her hands.
Where did you buy the ticket?
Who coaches the team?
The team had advantage over their opponents.
The team won the semifinals and advanced to the finals.
That team has never played as well as they played today.
The team will go ahead with the plan soon.
The team carried out the project.
Each player on the team has his own bat.
The manager of the team quit suddenly.
That cheese is made from sheep's milk.
The cheesecake tasted too sweet.
The tanker has a small crew.
That made him govern himself.
Therefore many people passed away.
I have enough time for that.
That made the problem all the more complicated.
And thus his attention was distracted from the sight.
It'll cost me my job.
Is there much water in the dam?
There used to be a village here before the dam was made.
The taxi abruptly turned left.
Thanks to the taxi driver, we had a very wonderful time in London.
It seems that the diamond is real.
The diamond was valued at 5,000 dollars.
The diamond was discovered by a boy in 1873.
That diamond ring cost an arm and a leg.
A man of that cut will always succeed.
The sofa takes up too much room.
Don't sit down on the sofa.
The goal of the center should be to train young people from other countries within a specific time period.
It looks nice with your trousers.
The athlete had a strong build.
This sport got more and more popular.
The space shuttles were designed to go to a space station.
The speeding car missed the child, who ran out into the road, by only a hairsbreadth.
You should take part in that speech contest.
I was able to grasp the main points of the speech.
Hand me the wrench.
No sooner had the spy returned home than he was told to go to another country.
The spy burned the papers.
The stewardess can speak French after a fashion.
The steak is well done.
He is an indispensable member for the staff.
The skater spun round and round on the ice.
That sukiyaki dinner was a real treat.
The scandal was fatal to his political future.
The scandal was an obstacle to his promotion.
That scandal will be known to everybody in the course of time.
The scandal robbed him of a chance to become President.
That scandal cost him his reputation.
The scandal detracted from his reputation.
The skirt clings tight to her legs.
The skirt is too wide for me.
The soup needs more salt.
The supermarket has a large stock of merchandise.
The supermarket is open all days except Sunday.
The supermarket opens at ten o'clock.
We have a wide choice of fruits at the supermarket.
The suit becomes him well.
One of the suitcases is completely empty.
The serious job shortage is also affecting those illegal foreign workers.
That white dress looks good on you.
I am very pleased at the news.
The shock robbed her of her speech.
The show was an electrifying hit.
The show was far from being a failure.
The show will be a great feature of tonight's program.
The show will be on the air at 7 p.m.
The show was pleasing to the audience.
The show was wonderful. You should have seen it.
The rest of the show was not particularly distinguished.
I guarantee the success of the show.
The audience was very much entertained by the show.
The joke amused the audience.
There were some who didn't see the joke.
I had a lick at the jam.
Wash the shirt in soapy water and the stains will come out.
The shirt is large for me.
The shirt needs pressing.
The journalist took liberties with the facts he had gathered.
The journalist is what you call a cosmopolitan.
The protection circuit is built into the system.
The system is working very well now.
A protection system has been built into this circuit.
The gesture fetched a laugh from the audience.
Those jets were faster than lightning.
The German Shepherd was limping down the street.
The jet plane reached Narita an hour late.
The jet plane had 500 passengers on board.
The monkey climbed up a tree.
The monkey took a banana by means of the stick.
The soccer game attracted a large crowd.
The circus entertained us very much.
The computer is of great use.
The computer was very useful.
The computer is new.
The computer is up to date.
The computer was so outdated that it was good for nothing.
That computer is what we call a robot.
The computer can detect 200 types of error.
The computer's color is red.
The successful concert tour established her reputation as a singer.
The concert will take place next summer.
The concert will take place next spring.
The concert was broadcast live.
The concert came to an end at ten o'clock.
When will the concert be held?
How did you get tickets for the concert?
I managed to acquire two tickets for the concert.
There must have been a large audience at the concert.
There were a lot of people at the concert.
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
At that time, my mother was younger than I am now.
She was a strong, fast runner then.
For a day, I had been overworking myself.
He was always drinking in those days.
I was only a little child then.
Long skirts were in fashion in those days.
We didn't have TV in those days.
At that time, Mexico was not yet independent of Spain.
I will have read the novels through by that time.
I went to school on foot in those days.
In those days, there were no radios.
There was no TV or radio in those days.
In those days, he was a student.
The gorilla was one year old at the time.
The columnist raked up some old gossip.
The garbage-can gave off a bad smell.
The garbage is giving off a terrible smell.
The child has a keen sense of hearing.
Tell me about it.
I'm very sad to hear that.
Ought I to tell it to him?
Keep it in mind.
The more I think of it, the less I like it.
I am feeling up-lifted at the thought of it.
It's up to you to decide the matter.
Chew it over for a while and let me know what you think.
It is no good talking about it.
Ponder deeply over it.
The proverb is familiar.
The saying is quite familiar to us.
I don't want to make an issue of it.
That does not prevent them from taking just as many books.
Did you learn it from him?
Don't mention the matter to him.
That can be said of mankind at large.
You don't have to tell that to your parents.
You can bet your boots on that.
I'll leave that to you.
I'm quite sure of that.
I heard it on good authority.
I said nothing about the matter.
I can't put up with it any longer.
Please think no more about it.
The matter is still under discussion.
The remark was aimed at you.
I can never bring myself to talk about it.
You may have heard of that.
It must have something to do with money.
I have a faint recollection of the event.
The matter does not concern me.
Let me think it over for a couple of days.
I'll make sure of it.
People are getting more concerned about the matter.
She thought it was necessary that she should do something about it.
I think she was wrong in regard to that.
As regards the matter, I know nothing.
There's no mistake about it.
In addition to that, he failed the examination.
There is no external influence in that.
I give you my word not to tell anyone about it.
What did Father say about it?
I'll tell you everything about it.
I'll let you know all about it later on.
Tell me everything that you can think about it.
It is no use pretending you know nothing about it.
Could you please give me some more examples of that?
Did he say anything about it to you?
He is apparently responsible for it.
I've heard all about it.
I am to be blamed for that matter.
I know as much about it as the man in the moon.
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.
There is no doubt about it.
I agree with you about that.
Let's discuss the matter later.
Tell me truly what you think about it.
Tell me as much about that as possible.
Tell me everything about it.
Take my word for it.
I'll bet anybody on that.
That reminds me of my father.
I want to talk to him about it.
You don't need to worry about it.
I remember him saying something about that.
Let there be no mistake about it.
You leave me no choice in the matter.
They often quarreled with their brothers and husbands over the matter.
That shows how little we know of ourselves.
Do you have any trouble with that?
Something must be done about it in no time.
You are mistaken about that.
It is mean of you to tell a lie about it.
I'm to be blamed for that matter.
That adds a new dimension to our problem.
The matter is nothing more than an accident.
The matter weighs heavy on my mind.
The cottage reminded me of the happy times I had spent with her.
Don't drop that cup.
The glass was dashed to pieces.
There is a crack in the glass.
The burglar was caught in the act of prying open the window.
The coffee shop is my favorite haunt.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it.
The coffee was not much to my liking.
That coffee smells good.
The coffee was too hot for me to drink.
The coffee shop is closed while the air conditioning is under repair.
The coat is not mine.
That coat is just the style I've been looking for.
It is fun to play baseball.
The coach made him a good pitcher.
What places does that tour visit?
The miser opened the box to find his money stolen.
The game took on among old people.
The game drew a good crowd.
I found the game easy.
How did the game come out?
The game excited lots of people.
Tell me how to play the game.
I wish we had won the game.
Two can play at that game.
It turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game.
Let me relieve you of that case.
The occasion demands a cool head.
The cake tastes sweet.
There was some taste of lemon in the cake.
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
The cakes may be sold out soon.
The group is running on the beach.
I want some cake.
That group is presently very active.
The group was made up by Dick.
The group is made up of six members.
The group was made up of four young men.
We didn't see any girls in the group.
The group of people came along with us.
The club is composed of ten women.
Admission to the club is eagerly sought.
The club has more than fifty members.
That club is way too big.
The class is too large to be taught by a single man.
I found the glass empty.
The class consists of fifty students.
The class was divided into four groups.
The class was made up of seventeen children.
The glass is full of wine.
The class was made up of 15 boys and as many girls.
Those individual members of the class do not want to be held back by others not so good at math.
Every student in the class knows the fact.
The number of students in the class is limited to fifteen.
The best math students are there too, and the competition is strong.
The spider responds with a swift attack.
Where did you buy the shoes?
The nail went through the wall.
We only have secondhand information of the coup.
That quilt is really quite a piece of work with all its fine craftsmanship.
That glittering accessory doesn't go with your sweatshirt. Try this on!
The campaign took his breath.
The refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month.
Refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month.
Divide the candies among you.
The bad-tempered man snapped at his daughter.
Instead, I will turn to a discussion of the two economic variables I defined a moment ago.
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
The poor cat was run over by a truck.
The college is affiliated with the university.
"What shall we do with the rubbish, Mr Wood?", asked Pip.
The collar is too tight round my throat.
The camera will cost at least $500.
Something must be wrong with the camera.
Carry the bags upstairs.
The bag has been left behind.
The bag was too heavy for me to move.
The bag was too heavy to carry.
They charged me five dollars for the bag.
Turn to the right at the corner, and you will find it on your left.
The cup is nice.
The basket was filled with strawberries.
The basket was full of apples.
The cliff hangs over the sea.
I regret eating those oysters.
Don't blame the guide.
The gown is made of silk.
The guards must keep watch over the jewels.
The guide is using a microphone for us to hear her better.
The curtain wants cleaning.
The soup in the bowl was very delicious.
You will have heard the news.
The outside of the castle was painted white.
Can I entrust the task to you?
I regret that I wasted the money.
I'll lend you the money, but mind you, this is the last time.
If you use the money, you will have to answer for it later.
The money is due to him.
The money will probably be split evenly between those two.
The money was not honestly come by.
The money has not been used up.
The money should be distributed to those in need.
The money was put into a special fund to buy books for the school library.
I'm going to lay aside that money for emergencies.
None of the money is yours.
With the money he was able to buy a new car.
As long as I know the money is safe, I will not worry about it.
As for the money, it is all right.
The customer insisted on a price reduction because of defects in the product.
The oranges cost 7 pence each.
The orange didn't taste either sweet or sour.
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.
The policeman is on duty.
The policeman arrested the man on the spot.
The frightened boy's heart palpitated with terror.
The old lady believes him rich.
The old woman has no one to help her.
The old people make a habit of getting up early.
The reckless girl climbed the tree regardless of danger.
It removes misunderstandings.
The aurora was truly remarkable.
Wonderful was the fighting spirit of the Australian rugby team.
The engine will not pull.
A river runs through the long valley.
The engine is driven by steam.
Something is wrong with the engine.
The elevator seems to be out of order.
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.
Some of the essays are very interesting.
The air conditioner makes too much noise.
The rumor was nothing to him.
The rumor must be true.
That rumour is not true, is it?
I think the rumor is true.
The rumor may or may not be true.
The rumor worked to his disadvantage.
The rumor is abroad throughout the town.
The rumor had no foundation in fact.
The rumor was completely without foundation.
The rumor turned out to be only too true.
The rumor turned out to be groundless.
The rumor may well be true.
The rumors spread soon abroad.
The report soon became known all over the country.
The rumor disappeared right away.
The rumor is true to some extent.
I found the rumor to be true to a certain extent.
The rumor has no foundation.
The rumor can't be true.
Don't swallow that slick propaganda.
The naive man was utterly embarrassed in her presence.
The howls grew louder and louder.
You will learn to love your baby.
The truth will be got at before long.
Please call me and set up a date sometime.
I'll take you there one of these days.
It will soon come out all right.
You will soon learn to speak English well.
Hope we can work together soon.
You will learn how to do it in time.
Then the pen fell from my hand and I just listened.
Some of them are red; others are brown.
The facts will be known in due time.
Pretty soon, there was an elevated train going back and forth just above the small village.
May I visit your home one of these days?
Three of the planes have not yet reported home.
Would it be alright to come to visit your place soon?
We had to pay ten thousand yen in addition.
The waiter was such a nice man we didn't like to complain about the meal.
The waiter was told that he need not stay.
In addition, there were two other deficiencies in that system.
I will pay 7 dollars in addition.
The virus cut down many elephants in Africa.
The band of Indians were ready to go on the warpath at the slightest provocation.
The locust made a big jump.
The old Italian oil painting was never exhibited in public.
Keep an eye on the naughty kid.
The naughty girl assumed an air of innocence.
The chairs are made of wood.
The pain was almost unbearable.
The quarrel left a gulf between the two families.
The album will have been completed by next July.
You can make up to 80,000 yen a month in that part-time job.
The American boy spoke broken Japanese.
That American professor knows a good deal about Kyoto.
That American movie was a great success.
The apartment was furnished in the Victorian style.
Everyone in the apartment house shares the kitchen.
The apartment consists of three small rooms and a bath.
The animation is on the air even in other countries.
Bob went about building his castle in Spain when he spoke of inheriting his father's wealth.
The place is deep in broken glass.
The light went off last night in the storm.
The iron broke down due to over-heating.
That idea seems good but it needs to be tried out.
It will cost you 10 dollars to buy the CD.
Those 4 degrees meant that 30 percent of the land area of the world was covered in ice.
Up jumped the three big dogs.
She seems the least shy of the three.
Each of the three boys got a prize.
Each of the three girls got a prize.
Emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls.
The two cars tried to make way for each other.
The couple parted, never to meet again.
Those two make a fine pair.
That couple never fights; they are always in agreement on everything.
The two girls wore the same dress to the dance.
The two men shook hands.
Although the two boys disliked the partner of each other the beginning, they became good friends soon.
The two teachers had an equal number of students.
One of these two boys knows that.
The two politicians met face to face for the first time.
I know which of the two girls you like better.
The two sisters are so much alike that we find it rather difficult to tell one from the other.
The two books are equivalent in value.
You can't have both books.
Which of the two books did you like better?
The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.
The distinction in usage between the two words is clear.
There is a subtle difference between the two words.
The two houses stand back to back.
Compare the two carefully, and you will see the difference.
The two parts were played by one and the same actress.
One of these two methods is right.
One of these two answers is right.
Neither of the two answers are right.
The two cities are connected by this highway.
The two qualities are mutually exclusive.
The two accidents coincided with each other.
The two incidents are connected with each other.
The two mountains are of equal height.
The two languages have a lot in common.
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.
The difference between the two versions isn't clear.
The two teams fought very hard.
The single pipeline serves all the house with water.
The teenage actress has quite a few fans.
Sony is a household name all over the world.
Sony inspires ambition among its employees.
When Sony came back with a 2 billion bid, CBS could not refuse.
Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
I'll play a sonata for you.
We have no proof to the contrary.
How's the weather there?
How are things for you up there?
Take off your socks.
Shall I have him call you?
How should I get there from the airport?
Is it hot over there?
Isn't this Central Driving School?
How is the weather there?
We will accept your conditions.
Please write to me about conditions at your school.
Sorry I won't be there.
I'll be there at five p.m.
You have Halloween and Thanksgiving Day.
And history was changed forever.
And then he sat down himself.
And she is always a troublemaker.
And they knew something which the Europeans did not.
Now, just let the clay slide between your fingers.
More roads were made, and the countryside was divided into lots.
It isn't like anybody takes responsibility then anyway.
The third is the preservation of environment. In this case, the conservation of energy and resources is needed.
And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home.
And the little black rabbit never looked sad again.
And then everything that was written was completely clear.
And there is not even enough water.
And my hands were shaking.
And now, think about a county, any county, and imagine this county divided into five or six different areas.
And at times when I became discouraged with trying to reconcile working and bringing up children, it was my husband who helped to maintain my determination.
And I had never listened to his records.
And I always worried about it.
And here I am, still alive.
And when I've gone, don't tell him I'm dead.
Now she was hurrying to her sick Grannie's house to call the police.
And to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
He then added, "I tell you the truth..."
And a wish is engraved on the base of the statue:
And the teams competed with each other to try to kick the ball through this hole.
And after a long time the boy came back again.
And we had spent hours talking together.
The house has pipes under the ground to carry dirty water away.
And if we have time, I'd like to take a look at their cosmetics.
And if you see Tom, say hello to him for me.
And a tall man dressed in black reading a newspaper.
Pretty soon there were more of them on the road and fewer carriages pulled by horses.
Pretty soon along came a steam shovel and dug a road through the hill covered with daisies.
And Tony was the oldest.
And began my first letter to Terry Tate.
And because Deal is very near continental Europe, it's always been one of the first areas of Britain to be invaded.
Then, finally, she opened her mouth.
And then, it took them far from home.
And they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature, movies and music.
And I was fourteen years old before I touched a piano for the first time.
Although I modified this extravagance later by including the beautiful life among the works of art that alone gave a meaning to life, it was still beauty that I valued.
And the tree was often alone.
So they hopped down to the spring and drank from the clear water.
And they would play hide and go seek.
Then, the train screeched to a halt.
And the tokens he received as wages could only be spent at that shop.
And the boy did.
And in many countries, where the animals are already under pressure because their homes are being destroyed by agriculture, things can get even worse.
Then, gathering speed, it raced through the tunnel, shaking the passengers from side to side.
And we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces, hands, bodies, and voices. We can even write our thoughts in words.
And there were three.
In the temple courts he found men selling cattle, sheep and doves, and others sitting at tables.
And our council is the local government for our area.
She became Mother Teresa years later when she founded the Missionaries of Charity.
Then, at last, the policeman lowered his arm.
And that's why for almost a hundred years, any employee has been able to go to his employer and insist on being paid in cash.
And spent that day with Him.
And so the two little rabbits lived together happily in the big forest; eating dandelions, playing Jump The Daisies, Run Through The Clover and Find The Acorn all day long.
And so the man came in.
And it is only a very short step from there, to perception which occurs in the absence of all immediate signals and has to be labeled extrasensory.
And unlike Oshin, they do complain although certainly not at work and generally not in public.
And he worked very hard for Mr Wood.
And like many small towns in England, it has quite a long history.
Then you can sail away.
Then I'll help you overturn the wagon.
The bottom has fallen out of the market.
I hope you can do something to help me out.
Don't leave it open.
Turn right there.
Go over it again.
I got bit by mosquitoes all over this area, and it itches so badly I can't stand it.
It's too much trouble to walk there.
It took me five hours to drive there.
You are in the right so far.
How long does it take to go there by bus?
You have to walk a long way to get there.
You can get there in less than thirty minutes.
It took only ten minutes to walk there.
Will you take me there?
Let's go and see him there.
How long will it take to get there?
The store was already closed when I got there.
It is no use going there.
You should not go there.
Will you please go there?
I don't know how to get there.
We took turns driving our car on our way there.
She advised me to go there.
It'll take not less than one hour to go there.
It will take an hour to get there.
It'll take at least one hour to go there.
I'll ask how to get there.
I intend to go there.
I object to going there.
There is no one who wants to go there.
There were but few who did not go there.
I went there by myself, often on successive evenings.
You had better not go there.
How often have you been there?
I've been there a few times.
I went there by bus and train.
Could you tell me how to get there?
Do you go there by bus or by car?
The morning after I arrived there, I took a walk into the woods of oaks.
He told me to go there at once.
Could you find out how to get there?
How stupid of you to go there alone!
This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
There is Tokyo.
Iron ore occurs there in abundance.
It's an area crowded with new houses.
It was unbelievably quiet there; perhaps that's why he liked the place so much.
I think you're sitting in my seat.
Was there a lot of traffic?
Alpine flowers are abundant there.
That is a danger zone; don't go there.
It is cold there even in summer.
It is a town of no character.
It is only a short walk from the station.
It is warm there all the year round.
It's a very big and busy city.
It hardly ever rains there.
It was so noisy there that I couldn't make myself heard.
The water there was so deep that I could not touch bottom.
The place became a hell on earth.
The best thing about that place is the barbecue area where they supply you with everything you need.
I saw some people there leading a low life.
Nobody there knew him well.
The food is very good and the same is true of the service.
The residents were curious about other people's business.
Hand me the dictionary there, please.
The beggar turned out to be a thief.
I must replace that fluorescent lamp.
It's at the corner.
The broccoli is either costly or of poor quality.
There's always somebody there.
See that guy over there at the counter drinking whisky? He's pretty much my type.
I'll take you there.
The girl standing there is Mary.
Who is standing there?
We will be able to build farms and create fields there.
The sooner we get there, the more likely are we to get seats.
We still have quite a few more miles to go before we get there.
By the time you get there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time she gets there, she will be happy again.
We had hardly reached there when it began to rain.
When I arrived there, I found him.
As soon as we reached there, it began to rain.
Call me up when you get there.
Please let me know when we get there.
A man came in and sat on the stool next to her.
I suggest that we should build a new factory there.
Sign your name there.
No sooner had she gone there than she was taken ill.
The people who live there are our friends.
It concerns all the people living there.
I'd like to keep the car there.
I arrived there too early.
Will you permit me to go there?
I have been warned against going there.
I wish to know a landmark nearby so I can find my way there.
We ran out of gas on the way there.
I'd rather stay here than go there.
Stop going there.
I made up my mind to go there.
I may go there, but that depends.
I'm very glad I wasn't there.
The longer I stay there, the more I like the place.
Every time I go there, I meet her.
You'd better go there on foot.
There was nobody there.
There was a large crowd there.
I've been there already.
There was eternal twilight in the place.
You'll find it impossible to live there.
There was no one there besides me.
There were bundles and bundles of cash.
There were some flowers there.
It has fertile soil where corn be grown.
I think that there are many places to see there.
I've never been there before.
There were more than 100 students there.
Because there was plenty of water...
On arriving there, he went to see her.
Write to me as soon as you reach there.
There are no means of getting there.
It'll be opening time, time I get down there.
Please buy it from that official.
There you see the gate which Mr Jones built.
What will you live on while you are there?
Move! You're in my way.
Who's there?
I don't know because I wasn't there.
Stay put. I'll come and get you.
The people there made way for the fire engine.
There were barely fifty people there.
Jesus' mother was there.
There you are.
I met a friend there.
Then his mother thought.
She was the last woman I expected to see.
Never did I think I would see her there.
I had hoped to have met her there.
Never did I expect that I would see him there.
He gave it a new name.
I'll never forget talking with him there.
Who did you meet there?
Did you see anybody there?
Just wait for me there.
Then interaction with others becomes important.
The children from the village would often gather up on top of the hill and from there watched the trucks and automobiles going back and forth to the city.
I made my first contact with him there.
Accordingly I gave up my plans.
There I met a very fascinating lady.
I spent my summer vacation there, during which I enjoyed surfing.
What did you do there?
What happened here?
Please describe what occurred there.
The tea we had there was excellent.
Once again she could watch the sun and moon and stars.
You can still see the remains of the fortress there.
There a cape pushes out into the sea.
I know the weather there is very cold.
No one will attend to you there.
Typhoons are frequent there in fall.
I hear the sky is very beautiful there.
You need to wear a tie there.
I didn't meet anyone there.
I had no chance to relax there.
We didn't see a single house for five miles there.
The length of our stay there will be one week.
Those customs found acceptance there.
I saw a wonderful fall there.
So perhaps this was their ancient god returning after his long absence.
What was it that you did there?
When I travel, I don't wear armor.
You will have to wait there about an hour.
So they went and saw where he was staying.
The loss of childhood spontaneity has caused widespread concern, as well as calls for review of the nation's educational and social structures.
So I want to explain who these people are.
That was her chance to show what she could do.
That is where you are wrong.
You can see the whole city from here.
Get down from there.
The view was splendid over the plain, and in the distance was Asuka.
You can see the roof of the house from there.
That's your strong point.
That's where you're mistaken.
That's where I can't agree with you.
Socrates was accused of atheism because he did not believe in Zeus.
I'd like the sauce on the side.
I'd like to have the sauce on the side, please.
"Is there any sauce left?" "No, there is none."
Do not be so critical.
I'll tell him that.
It doesn't take very long.
Don't be so reserved.
Don't take it so hard!
You don't have to be so nervous.
Don't you think so?
You are correct in thinking so.
Few people think so.
The idea made my soul rise.
Do you think so?
I suppose so.
Some do think so.
I am not alone in thinking so.
I can not but think so.
Well, if you put it that way, sure.
Now that you've mentioned it, you're right.
It's very kind of you to say so.
It is not too much to say so.
You are very kind to say so.
It is very kind of you to say so.
You are kind to say so.
It is kind of you to say so.
It's very kind of you to put it that way.
It is very good of you to say so.
That idea never presented itself then.
We must do away with such bad customs.
I'll see to it that it never happens again.
To say so should not diminish his importance.
Come to that, I'd like to do some shopping too.
Now that you say it, I think you're right.
Now you've mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
Now that you mention it, it's been more than 30 years since then.
Such accidents can happen from time to time.
You have every reason to say so.
It is impudent of him to say so.
Don't be so self-assertive.
That's no excuse.
Thus they decided that I was innocent.
That's why I cannot agree with you.
Such being the case, you can't expect he will come here.
That is how she learns English.
That's just how I was raised.
You won't get it so easily.
If you persist in bothering her like that, she'll lose her temper.
No, I don't think so.
I don't agree.
Well, when exactly?
I agree. He's sure been the king of the hill since we brought him home.
Well, it's all come out in the wash.
You're right, it fits.
Yes, I will be able to forget my busy work and relax.
It all amounts to a lot of hard work.
Really? I want to go there very much. I like Renoir very much.
We'll face that problem when we come to it.
I suppose you could say that.
I scarcely think so.
If I had not overslept, I would have been in time for school.
There is no evidence to the contrary.
I have no proof to the contrary.
I hope not.
We might otherwise have to reconsider the purchase.
There is evidence to the contrary.
Yes, you need to practice every day.
Let me see. It takes about two hours by bus.
Yes, well, that depends.
Well, I clean the rooms.
Well, I clean the rooms, do the laundry, or cook an elaborate supper.
Well, to be frank, I don't like it at all.
Well, personally, I don't really care for it.
Well, I bake bread.
Well, I bake bread, listen to music, or read comic books.
Well, I watch television, take a nap, or take a walk in the park nearby.
Well, I watch television.
Yes and no.
Oh, OK. Well, can you get me one?
And I'm sure I know what caused it.
Yes. He swims fastest in our school.
You're right. I have half a mind to do something myself.
Yes, it is. You were three months old then.
Don't be late for school so often.
"That's right", said John.
Well, I just asked him if he knew the time, because my watch has stopped, and he simply bolted.
I hope so.
I can't help doing that.
That a boy!
That makes for efficiency.
Well you can indicate everything you see.
It will kill two birds with one stone.
And soon your luck will turn for the better.
He made it clear that he intended to do so.
We have no choice but to do so.
I don't think we should do that.
It is not etiquette to do so.
It is incumbent on you to do so.
I parted with my old car, though I hated to do so.
It was to his profit to do so.
I warned you not to do so, didn't I?
He saw brightly-colored birds, flowers and leaves.
It would cost twice as much as that.
It will aggravate the wound.
That makes you even more attractive.
Then twelve o'clock came.
It is absolutely impossible to do so.
It would be a satisfaction to me.
I'd appreciate it if you could do that.
It is kind of you to do so.
I can't be sorry.
In the meantime, she began to cry.
In the meantime, he went to sleep.
This would help us promote your products in the most effective way.
They were based on goods which the members of a society recognized as having value.
I am afraid that neither from them nor from books have I learnt much that greatly profited me.
Because they had not achieved complete success they gave more scope for the activity of my imagination.
Before the arrival of this skyscraper, all the buildings in the city stood in special relationship to each other.
There is no point in calling such buildings 'ugly'.
That decision, in turn, was affected by the geological structure of the hill itself.
He kept calm in the face of the danger.
Then she found several stacks of thousand-dollar bills under a bush and put them in her basket.
You will gain nothing from doing that.
That way of talking is typical of him.
That's right, they've been late twice already.
Oh, now I feel the wind blow hi, hi, hi, hi.
Yes, you can celebrate anything you want.
That could be true, but I don't really think so.
Don't get so irritated. Rushing things will cost you more time in the end.
That kind of talk leads to arguments.
Now that you mention it, what happened to that man who used to work here?
Come to think of it, I did see Taro.
I guess there was some talk of that.
That's not my favorite topic.
That was the reason which prevented them from coming with me.
That is why he wasn't present at the meeting.
That's not the problem.
Such a book would be within his reach.
That's how he discovered the comet.
Such a remark is open to misunderstanding.
Such ability is native to him.
Such people get hold of a chance.
Such a man is bound to fail.
Whoever says so is a liar.
Such a custom is not peculiar to the Americans.
Such a custom is characteristic of the British.
Don't be noisy on such an occasion.
Such a state of things cannot be put up with.
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
That being the case, I had little to say at that moment.
Such an accident is likely to happen again.
You had better not use those four-letter words.
Such matters are beyond the bounds of human knowledge.
Such a deed is an offense against the law.
Such an act will be judged at the bar of public opinion.
Such words will give rise to suspicion.
Talk like that will raise suspicion.
What he meant by those words finally dawned on me.
That is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
Circumstances do not permit me such a holiday.
This is why they can find their way around the world.
That is why he got angry.
Such being the case, he is unable to pay.
That is why he was late for school.
He did not attend the meeting for that reason.
That's why I was late.
That's the reason why I couldn't attend the meeting.
That's why I came back so soon.
That is why I came here.
That is why so many students are absent today.
That was why the city was named Rome.
That is why all the students in the class agreed with him.
That is why she didn't join them.
That's why he did not go overseas to study.
That's why I have such an extreme hatred for him.
That is why I got up early this morning.
That is why words sometimes have great power over us.
It is such a hard job for that reason.
Such being the case, I can not go with you.
Such being the case, I could not be present.
Such being the case, I can't go with you.
You were shouting at her and I don't like that.
I have a phobia for that.
Such is the custom of the people here.
It is beneath you to say such a thing.
You should not do that kind of thing by yourself.
Don't talk about such a thing.
You cannot learn such a thing too soon.
Such things often happen by accident rather than by design.
Yes, I'd like a single room with a private bath, please.
You must get rid of such a habit.
Get him!
You said it!
Yup! I'm going to give up cigarettes.
O.K. I'm glad you could come.
But it's the rhetoric of failure.
That's a blessed lie.
It gets on my nerves.
Mr Soarez has been my close friend for years.
That is why he did not agree to what they had proposed.
Which way is Central Park?
Zen's latest mission is to save the Earth from ecological destruction at the hands of a plant-destroying madman.
Central Park is near where I work.
A centimeter is a unit of length.
I'm not at all tired.
The center fielder made a firm catch for the winning out.
I don't care a bean.
I love that combination.
This chair is ugly.
The concept of zero sprang from the Hindu culture.
Is there any good way to memorise our lines quickly?
Jelly sets as it cools.
The cement will set in a couple of hours.
It will take awhile for the cement to dry before we can use it to park the car.
You should have enough sense not to drink, at least during your illness.
At the very least, I'd like to be able to have everyday conversations.
He might at least apologize.
Can't you wait just ten more minutes?
Please forward this message along with the seminar information to the appropriate managers in your firm.
Do keep practicing!
Cicadas are singing.
Do come by all means.
I have appealed to him to visit but he didn't come.
We would love to work with you.
You must come and have a chat with us.
I strongly suggest you visit Kyoto.
You should have visited Kyoto.
Try by all means.
We request your attendance at the meeting.
Do come and see us again.
I do hope you'll come again.
You have to have a piece of pie.
You must come to the party by all means.
If you must, you must.
Please be sure to bring some of your friends to the party.
I will do it by all means.
Try it by all means.
Do it by all means.
You really must see that movie.
I'd love to see the movie.
Do write to me soon!
You must conduct the orchestra well.
I'd love to dance with you.
I'd very much like to exchange e-mail with you.
Do come and see us tomorrow.
Do come and visit us.
I would very much like to go.
The general strike paralyzed the whole country.
Strike the set.
I shall never give up.
Don't touch me with your soapy hands.
He's the very model of an aggressive salesman.
An impatient driver forced his way through the crossing against the red light.
We'd better try to sell or give away all these white elephants we've collected.
He has failed after all his labors.
If you could do it at all, I'd like you to do it.
After a mad dash down the stairway, I missed my train by a second.
Though I went to see her all the way in the rain, she was out.
All my pains went for nothing.
All my pains were in vain.
I am sorry, but I have someone coming.
After I got all worked up about ordering in English, I walked in the store and they greeted me with "Irasshaimase!" I felt, like, "What the ...?"
Cezanne is famous for his landscapes.
Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
I have a chest cold.
Do you have cough drops?
A gargle with salt water is good for coughs.
I have a cough.
I can't stop coughing.
I had a bad cough, so I took the bitter medicine.
I don't want to rush you, but let's try to catch the next bus.
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
The salesman talked my parents into buying a set of encyclopedias.
Salesmen are usually fast talkers.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the mincer.
The salesman sold the article at an unreasonable price.
The salesman demonstrated how to use it.
I'd like to use a safety box.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the machine.
Would you put this in the safety deposit box?
The Seine flows through Paris.
We have safety deposit boxes.
You're wearing your sweater inside out.
On an island in the Seine, there is a big church called Notre Dame.
I think I had better have my sweater mended.
Put on your sweater. Otherwise you will catch cold.
I caught my sweater on that nail.
The sweater shrank in the wash.
What shall I put on over my sweater?
The sleeves of the sweater began to unravel.
I'm looking for a sweater.
My sweater shrank in the wash.
You should make the most of your ability.
Not more than 40 percent of students go on university.
At most 40 percent of students go on to university.
Seiko has no sisters.
Only twenty people will come to the party at best.
After a hearty dinner, Willie thanked the host.
She's a wonderful wife and mother.
Ms. Swan is our English teacher.
The Swallows are behind 2 to 1!
The Swallows are ahead 4 to 1!
When is the next train to Sloane Square?
The grass was left long and weedy in the slate walk, and very often he wasn't cutting the grass on the other side of the hedge by the road at all.
It's fun to play, too.
Then the monkey went round with a little tin cup.
Then you will be happy.
The dean sighed and said: "I think that this woman is perhaps... my own cousin".
Along comes the grandmother and sees her granddaughter.
Dear woman, why do you involve me? Jesus replied.
Then you will have money and you will be happy.
There is nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
Better wear out shoes than sheets.
They do it just for the thrill of it.
The thrilling video game took all my attention.
A man called Slim was killed in the accident.
The pickpocket disappeared into the crowd.
One of the pickpockets blew the whistle on the other two.
Be on your guard against pickpockets.
Beware of pickpockets.
I'd like to report a theft.
Please put on your slippers.
You're not supposed to wear your slippers down to the lobby.
Measurements are different from individual to individual.
Memorize this paragraph until you can say it fluently.
Smog causes plants to die.
Smog is the enemy of healthy lungs.
Smog hung over Tokyo.
Excuse me, but where is the men's shoe department?
May I trouble you for a light?
I'm sorry, I dropped my knife.
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
Please give her a fluoride treatment.
Please answer the phone.
I'm afraid you can't.
Will you please put the baby to bed?
May I trouble you to pass me the pepper?
I'm sorry, but I don't have any small change.
I'm sorry, but they're out of stock.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand English well.
May I trouble you for the sugar?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Would you mind turning down the radio?
Would you kindly switch off the radio?
Would you kindly make room for this old woman?
May I trouble you for the pepper?
Excuse me, but may I put my books here?
Sorry, we can't fill this prescription here.
Excuse me, but could you tell me where the post office is?
Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
Excuse me, but where is the library?
Will you open the window, please?
Excuse me, but can you help me?
Sorry, but I want to tell her this news face to face.
Sorry, but I want to tell him this news face to face.
Excuse me, do you have the time?
I'm sorry, but I don't feel like going out today.
Sorry, but I have to hurry. I have no time to explain this in detail.
Excuse me, but could you show me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but will you show me the way to the station?
Would you please give me some more tea?
Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Will you please let me go now?
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the Hilton Hotel?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
Sorry, but I'm not very interested in that subject.
Do me a favor by switching off that radio.
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, but may I exchange this sweater for another?
Would you please lend me some money?
Excuse me, but could you do me a favor?
I beg your pardon, but would you repeat what you said?
Sorry, I couldn't catch what you said.
I'm sorry, but I think you're mistaken.
Excuse me, could you spare me a few minutes? I have a favor to ask you.
Sorry, but it all came about so suddenly that I haven't got a handle on the situation yet.
I'm sorry, but that's all we have right now.
Sorry? Pardon?
Excuse me. How often do shuttle buses run to downtown New York?
Sorry, the line is busy now.
Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat.
Excuse me, does this train go to Washington Square?
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
I'm sorry I did you wrong.
Sorry sir, I'm afraid he may not be in.
I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Excuse me. May I get by?
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.
I'm sorry. Would you mind turning around?
Excuse me. I'd like to rent a car.
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
Excuse me, but I feel sick.
I'm sorry, you are not allowed to.
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.
I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
Excuse me, would you mind repeating that?
Excuse me, could you say that again more slowly?
Sorry. I beg your pardon?
Excuse me, but we're in a hurry, too.
Excuse me. May I get through?
Sorry, I wish you wouldn't.
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
I'm sorry, we can't make flight changes on this ticket.
Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
Sorry, I can't accommodate you.
Excuse me, officer, where are we now?
Someone is hiding in the corner.
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
Mrs. Smith is bearing up well since the death of her husband.
Mrs. Smith is an elderly lady.
Mrs. Smith was a famous beauty.
Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
Mrs. Smith is in black.
Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
Mrs. Smith is actively engaged in volunteer work.
Mrs. Smith can get her husband to do anything she likes.
You could say that Mrs. Smith is a television addict.
Mrs. Smith gave birth to her second child.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are a good match.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith live apart from each other now.
The Smiths had their house painted white.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings.
He's just about had enough of the Smiths' TV.
Dr. Smith is the most knowledgeable expert in that subject.
Mr Smith drilled them in English pronunciation.
Miss Smith is liked by all students.
Mr Smith teaches me English.
Mr Smith left Japan this morning.
Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
Mr Smith is in charge of the class.
Miss Smith teaches English at this school.
Mr Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Dr. Smith has a lot of patients.
Who will be in charge of our class when Miss Smith leaves school?
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
Mr Smith is a good teacher.
Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr Smith married his daughter to a doctor.
Mr Smith gave a lecture on literature.
Mr Smith made her his secretary.
Mr Smith forgot to take his commuter ticket.
Mr Smith takes a good deal of exercise before breakfast.
Mr Smith is an eminent violinist.
Mr Smith sued them for damages.
Mr Smith is a doctor by profession.
Mr Smith had his letter typed.
Mr Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Mr Smith is pleased at his son's success.
Mr Smith is accused of breach of contract.
Mr Smith proposed marriage to Jane.
Mr Smith is vulnerable to this kind of criticism.
The study which Mr Smith specializes in is economics.
Mr Smith had three sons who became engineers.
I have a bowing acquaintance with Mr Smith.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr Smith.
Mr Smith was announced as the succeeding chairman.
Mr Smith founded this school forty years ago.
Mr Smith is now president of this company.
Professor Smith is recognized to be one of the greatest scholars in English philology.
Prof. Smith is famous for his eccentric life style.
Talking of Professor Smith, his assistant is hard of hearing.
The Smiths are all good people.
The Smiths moved to Ohio.
Mr. Smith is sure to come on Sunday.
Mr. Smith should have told the truth.
Smith died of a heart attack.
Smith demanded payment.
Smith struck Jones out.
Smith argues that no international laws can be applied to this case.
Mr Smith has lived in Kyoto for three years.
Smith's approach differs greatly from others in that he did not take the affixation into consideration.
The Smiths are our cousins.
The Smiths are our neighbors.
Few people can run the machine as well as Mr Smith.
Mr Smith is too polite to say anything bad about others.
Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith made him a doctor.
Mr Smith made it a rule to take a walk every morning.
Mr Smith made him some toys.
Mr Smith has not turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith lost his way in the dense fog.
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York."
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York, but my wife comes San Francisco."
Mr Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
Mr Smith is now on duty.
Mr Smith lives in Kyoto now.
Mr Smith was bereaved of his wife.
Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
Even though Mr Smith was very wealthy, he was a tight wad.
Mr Smith carried out the plan successfully.
Mr Smith is within shouting distance.
Mr Smith is drinking coffee.
Mr Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
Mr Smith says he was born in New York, but that his wife comes from Japan.
Mr Smith, whose car I borrowed for this trip, is a rich lawyer.
The Smiths live in my neighborhood.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Smith.
Please connect me with Mr Smith.
I tried to call Mr Smith, but the line was busy.
I would like to see Mr Smith.
Will you please connect me with Mr Smith?
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
I've known Mr Smith for many years.
A Mr Smith has come to see you.
How long have you known Miss Smith?
A Mr Smith came to see you during your absence.
Talking of Smith, what has become of his daughter?
A Mr Smith came to see you.
Mr Smith spoke so fast I couldn't take in what he said.
Mrs. Smith, I'd like to introduce a friend of mine, Pierre Dubois.
He said that if Smith was elected, he would resign.
Would you mind if I borrowed your car?
Excuse me, but I'm tied up now.
What am I going to do? I can't close my fly.
A sponge absorbs water.
A sponge absorbs liquids.
Your pants reach the floor.
Did Spot go, too?
I have no leisure for sport.
I like sport.
Sports activities require a slender figure.
Poor eyesight is a handicap to a sportsman.
Sport is frankly mimic warfare.
Sports nurture friendships.
Apart from sports, I like listening to jazz music.
Sports play an important role in social life.
I do not do sports.
Do you like playing sports?
Sports help to develop our muscles.
Sports can be dangerous if safety is ignored.
You have to give up sports for a while.
Sports keep us in good shape.
Sports make us healthy in mind as well as in body.
The better players helped those who were not so good at sports.
The paradox of sport is that it bonds as it divides.
Do you have any interest in sports?
Some students neglect their studies in favor of sports.
I maintain that sports are a waste of time.
Speaking of sports, can you play tennis?
Australians excel at sports and entertainment.
Talking of sports, what sports do you play?
When it comes to sports, I can't beat her.
When it comes to sports, John is very good.
In sport, team harmony is vital to success.
I love music as well as sports.
It's not only the health aspects of sports that appeal to people, but the cooperative aspect that team sports teach, and the competitive aspect in itself.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
I love sports. I get that from my father.
The spokesman confirmed that the report was true.
Could you spell it, please?
Everything is on schedule.
Everything happened all at once.
You must be doing wonderfully in everything.
All systems are go.
We must surrender them all.
Everything was as it had been when I left there.
Everything is in place now.
Everything went according to plan.
I owe it all to you.
Everything fell out as I expected.
Let's scrap everything and start over again with a clean slate.
Bring everything to ruin.
Taking everything into consideration, he can't be the criminal.
All things considered, she is a fairly good wife.
All things considered, we can not say that it is wrong.
All things considered, we cannot say that it is wrong.
Taking everything into consideration, they ought to be given another chance.
All things considered, we'll adopt his project.
All tragedies end with a death.
Everything depends on her answer.
All the signs are that she is getting better.
All containing news of his concerts and various activities.
Everything was burnt to ashes.
Everything turned out satisfactory.
Everything is over.
All comes to the same thing.
Everything depends upon your decision.
Everything depends on whether you pass the examination.
Everything depends on what you will do.
It all depends on whether they will support us.
Of all the famous baseball players, he stands out as a genius.
The wild beasts all gather.
Suddenly all the lights went out.
Not all books are good books.
Not all the books are worth reading.
All the clergy are against the new law.
Every mother has affection for her child.
Some common threads run through all cultures.
All civilized countries are against war.
Lay down all arms.
It all started in Montgomery, Alabama, on December 1, 1955.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
Every piece of reading matter calls for a different kind of reading.
Not all animals are wild.
All the lights went out.
You must give up the idea that you are superior to them in every respect.
I agreed with you in all your views.
I found all the shops closed by that time.
Not all birds can fly.
Not every bird can sing.
Every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
All the villages were beautiful.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
Every teacher knows that Ann is a good athlete.
All students looked up to their homeroom teacher.
Every star is a sphere.
You should regard the rights of all.
All human beings are legally equal.
It is believed that all men are equal.
All human beings are mortal.
Not all men are created equal.
You must not trust every man.
The true light that gives light to every man was coming into the world.
It is by no means easy to please everybody.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time; but you cannot fool all the people all of the time.
Everybody must be subject to law.
Everybody is bound to obey the laws.
Everybody is equal before the law.
Everybody is subject to law.
Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
Everybody has his merits and demerits.
All men have equal rights.
All men are created equal.
All people breathe air.
All men are equal before God.
A friend to everybody is a friend to leisure.
You should set a high value on every man's life.
It goes without saying that everybody is given the equal right to speak.
So that through him all man might believe.
That everybody is told all the facts is important.
Not everybody knows about my plan.
Not everyone can realize the dreams of his youth.
We have enough seats for everyone.
Nobody ever wants to be without money.
Every man cannot be a hero.
It is not easy to be understood by everybody.
Not everyone likes that book.
Not everybody knows about the plan.
It is necessary that everybody observe these rules.
Not all men are wise.
All parents like to have their children praised.
He maintained that all occupations should be open to women.
It is now a fully accepted idea that all occupations should be open to women.
All the passengers left the plane in a hurry.
All the evidence points to his guilt.
All the boys ran away.
All the officers and men joined their efforts against the attack.
I will see to it that everything is ready in time.
Every experiment required a protected environment and an entirely objective frame of mind.
Taking all things into consideration, I think they were mistaken in it.
Every citizen ought to help them.
All children are potential geniuses.
All participants made that great effort in the Olympics.
We must make every effort to do away with all discrimination.
Every nation should help each other.
Every nation longs for world peace.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Every language continues to change as long as it is spoken.
In the greatest of all works of art everything had been realized, I could give nothing, and my restless mind tired of passive contemplation.
All the competitors are trying to get their piece of the pie.
Not all the students were present.
All the students respect their home room teacher.
Not every student went there yesterday.
Not all the students attended the meeting.
All the students are studying English.
All members have access to these books.
It is necessary that every member observe these rules.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
80% of all English words come from other languages.
Not all doctors make a lot of money.
All essays must be handed in on time.
All things are obedient to money.
Everything looked nice.
All was still.
All the other little rabbits came out to see how happy they both were, and they danced in a wedding circle around the little black rabbit and little white rabbit.
All the buses are full.
After I locked all the doors, I went to bed.
Shut all the doors and windows.
Please leave everything to me.
All things taken into consideration, her life is a happy one.
Taking everything into consideration, he bought the car.
All the dogs are alive.
Not all Americans speak English as their mother tongue.
I'm satisfied with everything.
Everything is in good order.
Everything militated against his success.
All this is visible to numerous observers.
Everything is going very well.
Everything appears to be going well.
Everything should be done in accordance with the rules.
Everything is OK.
What does the special taste like?
The space shuttle informs us about the earth, too.
How about some Spanish food?
The explosion of the space shuttle is still fresh in my memory.
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
It would be to your advantage to study Spanish.
I know a little Spanish.
It is worthwhile learning Spanish.
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
I can understand written Spanish just a little but spoken Spanish is Greek to me.
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.
Spanish is her native language.
Spain once governed the Philippine Islands.
Spain was one of the world's mightiest nations.
Spain is abundant in oranges.
Spain is the host country for the Olympics in 1992.
The population of Spain is about one-third as large as that of Japan.
The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
If you visit Spain, come and see me.
I hiked through the Pyrenees from Spain to Paris.
The sprinkler is shooting out a stream of water onto the grass.
Could we have a spoon?
There is a spoon missing.
The Sphinx began to walk around him.
The Sphinx had eaten hundreds of people on their way to the city of Thebes, because they could not answer the riddle the cunning Sphinx had asked them.
This is the first time I have seen a Spielberg movie.
I got into trouble with the police by driving too fast.
The speedometer was indicating 95 mph.
The speedometer is recording 100 mph now.
Driving too fast is dangerous.
Speeding often causes car accidents.
You're driving too fast.
I can hardly make a speech without feeling nervous.
How did your speech go?
In the speech, he referred to the strength of the company.
I get really bad performance anxiety before I give a speech.
At the end of the speech she repeated the word.
You don't have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech.
The speech contest was held under the auspices of the Ministry of Education.
The speech contest took place on the ninth of November.
She is by far the best player in that country.
Sometimes the most inspired ideas seem to just come from out of the blue.
With the sun shining bright, we should go for a swim.
It's worth going to Bali because you can see the amazing sunset.
When one has a wonderful dream, one doesn't wish to come down to earth.
It's a nice day, isn't it?
The beautiful weather added to our pleasure.
Beautiful day, isn't it?
The weather was gorgeous.
Thank you for the wonderful gift.
What a marvelous person your brother is!
He was a wonderful man, that uncle of yours.
He was a wonderful man.
Have a wonderful eating experience.
Thank you for the wonderful meal.
It was a lovely autumn evening.
A bright idea occurred to me.
A splendid idea occurred to John.
A magnificent sight presented itself before us.
A glorious sight burst on our view.
We had a wonderful holiday.
This is a splendid house.
A great party that was.
I've got a splendid idea.
Thank you so much for having been the nice N.Y. contact that you are.
Quickly she opened the letter.
Be prompt in dealing with the problem.
Quickly he got down the stairs.
I like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce.
The spy sent information by code.
I'm not used to spicy food.
A spy may be about.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
That is to say, a language is something that we learn and are taught, not something that we know by instinct.
In other words, the merits, etc. of making detours are the consideration of the attitudes of the landowners whose property the line would cross, the convenience of other towns and villages, as well as connection with other railway lines.
Where can I buy snacks?
The straw appears bent at the place where it enters the water.
It's necessary to avoid stress.
The methods used to overcome stress are different for men and women: drinking is the major method used by men, while women deal with stress by chatting.
Common causes of stress are work and human relationships.
The stress began to tell on his heart.
I'm feeling stressed.
Stratford-on-Avon, where Shakespeare was born, is visited by many tourists every year.
The strikers called off the strike of their own accord.
Will the strike affect the price of coal?
The strike affected the nation's economy.
The strike was to little purpose.
I had to cancel my trip on account of the strike.
A strike is a mass refusal to work by a body of employees.
A strike disrupted the postal system.
The coal in the stove is burning.
Warm up using the stove.
Please remove the ashes from the stove.
Can I play the stereo?
Turn down the stereo.
Put a record on the stereo.
Stella really is dead!
This is also part of your work, as I told you before.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.
I already told you.
Twenty years already passed.
A nice boy talked to Kate.
It was very kind of you to give me a nice gift.
That's a gorgeous color. What kind of beer is that?
This is a nice restaurant. Thanks for bringing me here.
What a beautiful sweater!
That's a nice T-shirt.
The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
Eat up the steak and then you can have a candy.
I like my steak medium.
Steak is my favorite dish.
Steak lies heavy on the stomach.
I like my steak rare.
How would you like your steak?
The beefsteak tasted marvelous.
How would you like your steak done?
I have steak, eggs, hash browns, toast, and coffee.
I would like steak with a baked potato.
Steak is often accompanied by red wine.
Steak and red wine make a good combination.
We dined off steak and salad.
Steak and caviar are my favorite dishes.
Steve was loved by all.
Steve had to shell out $50.00 for the speeding ticket he got last week.
Steve is a man of good character.
Steve did not come home.
Steve told me the tale of his travels.
Steve looked very happy.
Steve is getting on the bus.
Steve goes to school with Kate.
Steve will get married to Nancy next week.
Steve and Jane always walk to school arm in arm.
Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
Steve, I heard you were the baby of the family.
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
No good apple on a sour stock.
Steve received a letter from Jane.
You must be a good walker to have walked all the way.
I want to be with him all the way.
I have been occupied in reading books.
We've been having good weather.
It has become much warmer.
Years ago this principle was widely recognized.
I've sat on my heels for so long my legs have fallen asleep.
He's been batting a thousand.
It's been hot and humid.
I've been thinking about it.
Way off in the distance she could see the lights of the city.
Look at the cloud over there.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
You should have gone on singing.
What have you been doing?
We saw a lake far below.
We saw a light far away.
A ship is seen a long way off.
You never wanted to talk about it.
You left me standing alone here on this road a long, long time ago.
I've clean forgotten.
I haven't quite finished eating.
I'm sorry to put you to such great expense.
It's all laid on.
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
The steam shovels dug down three stories on one side and four stories on the other side.
Stan has always carried a torch for Liz.
Stallone became famous through film.
It was so hot in the stadium that I thought I was going to pass out.
Not all of the staff was present.
Is the staff meeting held on Monday?
I get along well with all the staff.
We have a good negotiator on the staff.
We cannot go into the studio.
There were lots of people in the stadium.
There were a lot of excited people in the stadium.
When we arrived at the stadium, the game had already started.
Dr. Stein will be with you shortly.
With regard to the style this car is best.
Star baseball players are often asked for autographs.
Now that we've got off the mark, we must get through this work.
I got a nasty sting from a wasp.
Not a single sparrow was to be heard.
Sparrows were flying about.
Sushi is good, but Thai dishes are better.
Living life in the fast lane is like burning the candle at both ends.
Regarding Professor Scott's final criticism I have nothing more to add to what I said in my previous reply.
Late autumn in Scotland is rather cold.
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.
Some songs come from Scotland.
The union of Scotland and England took place in 1706.
Scotland can be very warm in September.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
Scott was a contemporary of Byron.
Scott received a very strict education.
It will not be long before Scott gets well.
Scott Hall belongs to the Outsiders.
Do you mind waiting for a minute?
I suppose I felt a little jealous.
I don't like anything like hard work.
I had a fine old time.
I am terribly hungry.
Does it hurt a lot?
I was biting my nails, worrying about you.
I feel very sick.
What an awful lot of books you have!
It's freezing.
Can you guess how happy I am?
It was great. I went to Kyoto.
That's a lot!
That's an amazing distance, isn't it?
He is going like the devil.
These fireworks are spectacular!
It's amazing, just like that.
What a gorgeous bash!
It's amazing.
Terrific!
Brilliant!
That's too much!
God, this place looks great.
Great! Let's get together sometime.
Wow!
The score is 9 to 2 in favor of our school.
The score is one all.
Dr. Skeleton is known for his study on ghosts.
We'll find more engineers to recover the schedule.
In regard to the schedule, I'll let you know later.
I want to talk with the manager about the schedule.
Don't forget your ice skates.
You need to have strong thigh muscles to skate.
Skating is one of my hobbies.
We had a lot of fun skating.
I like skating better.
Which do you like better, skating or skiing?
If you want to skate well, you should take it up seriously.
I hope you'll soon get well.
The skater spun around like a top.
I telephoned him to come at once.
Wait for me. I'll be back in no time.
Don't be long.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
It will soon grow light.
I hope you will answer me soon.
It is polite of her to write me back at once.
Do your room at once.
Enter the room at once.
I will write to him at once.
I'll soon catch up with you.
It looks like it is going to clear up soon.
Just try to wing it.
Will it clear up soon?
You will soon be able to ski well.
You will be in time for the train if you start at once.
You'll be in time for the train if you start at once.
I intended to start at once.
Leave now, or you'll miss the train.
Start at once, and you will catch up with him.
Leave now.
Start at once, or you will miss the train.
Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
If you don't start at once, you will be late.
You must not leave right now.
You had better leave at once.
You don't need to go at once.
Start at once, and you will be in time for school.
You'd better see a dentist at once.
A start should be made at once.
Let's start at once and have done with it.
We'll begin work soon.
We may as well set to work at once.
Let's begin our work at once.
I'm coming.
I think it better to go at once.
We may as well go at once.
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
I'll be along soon.
Try to make up your mind soon.
You should notify the police at once.
There is a post office close by.
Is there a telephone near by?
I found at my elbow a pretty girl.
Get up at once, or you will miss the 7:00 bus.
You may go out as long as you come back soon.
She said she would be back right away.
You may go out only if you come back soon.
You will miss the train, unless you start for the station at once.
You'll soon be able to swim.
Send for the doctor at once.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient will get worse.
It will soon grow dark.
Call the doctor right away.
You can't miss it.
It is not enough to read great books once only, however carefully.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
Could I have a screwdriver?
Scrums are a feature of Rugby football.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
I hope to hear from you soon.
You had better get in touch with your parents at once.
I believe you'll get over it soon.
Get ready for the trip at once.
Come at once.
Please make your reservations promptly.
I'll be back soon.
You should go back right now.
Come back soon.
I'll be back in a wink.
I'll mail you the report in a jiffy, so you won't have to wait long.
Please write me a reply soon.
I will write you back soon.
Please write back soon.
You can not miss it.
I fly into a rage easily.
Come into the room at once.
You should go to the hospital at once.
She will get well soon.
You will soon get to like her.
He will be able to do the work soon.
Write to him right away.
You've got to write to him quickly.
You will soon get to like him.
Hand in your papers at once.
You don't have to answer quickly.
You'll soon get used to the climate here.
You get on the phone and call the doctor.
We'll check on it right now.
At once the birds left their nests.
It will soon be breakfast time.
I want you to go to Osaka right away.
I'd like to see the doctor soon.
Please be sure to let me know your new address soon.
Soon he needed new clothes.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
You'd better go to bed at once.
Should I fill it in now?
A policeman was sent for at once.
We will take care of this for you.
It will be ready soon.
You shouldn't leave at once.
It occurred to him that he should start at once.
Let's start right away.
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
Start at once, and you will be in time.
Leave at once.
Start at once, or you will be late.
You'll have to start at once.
Must I start at once?
You had better set off at once.
You may as well start at once.
They are champing to start at once.
Must I leave at once?
Get out of here immediately!
If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
You don't need to leave right now.
I may as well start at once.
Let's start at once; it's already late.
Start at once, and you'll be in time for class.
Do your homework at once.
Start at once, and you will catch the bus.
You had better write the letter at once.
We need to take care of this immediately.
Will I be able to get well soon?
Soon I found myself wanting to meet him and talk to him.
Get down to your work straight away.
Can you reissue them right away?
You had better go at once.
I'm coming at once.
Go at once, or you will be late for school.
I must go right away.
You must not jump to conclusions.
Yes, she'll be with you in a minute.
We must contact the police at once.
We must make up our minds, and that at once.
I will write to you soon.
You will soon adjust to living in a dormitory.
I put on my shoes at once.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
You will soon get used to the change of climate.
Provided you come back soon you may go.
You'd better go home at once.
Please come back at once.
You may go out as long as you came back soon.
Come and see me right now.
You may as well leave home at once.
Come home at once.
They'll be glad if it rains soon.
Soon you'll get used to living by yourself.
Send for a doctor at once.
A doctor was called in right away.
I shall send for a doctor at once.
The doctor must be sent for at once.
You may as well see the doctor at once.
A doctor was sent for at once.
You had better see a doctor at once.
It's in plain sight.
I hope he'll get better soon.
Hope you'll get better soon.
You will be better soon.
I hope you'll be well soon.
I look forward to seeing you again very soon.
You had better do it at once.
I get hysterical easily.
We are not likely to accept another offer any time soon.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
You'll get used to it in no time.
Call up Tom right away.
Let the door be closed at once.
Unless it rains in Ethiopia soon, there could be severe drought problems.
Set the table at once.
You had better give up smoking at once.
I found it difficult to solve the problem at once.
You can get over the handicap soon.
We need to settle the serious matter at once.
We'll look into the case at once.
Stop speaking right now.
Our sister will be with us soon.
Take this box away soon.
You will soon adapt yourself to this new life.
You will soon get accustomed to living in this country.
Send me somebody right away.
I'll call you back soon.
Leave here at once.
Come here at once.
Give us the sign to go soon.
I would appreciate hearing from you soon.
Return the money to him at once.
Call the doctor in immediately.
You should act on the doctor's advice at once.
I'll put your call through in a minute.
You'll be a good player soon.
You will be going soon.
It will cure you of your headache in no time.
Get in touch with your agent right away.
I recognized your voice right away.
Soon the cold rain came down.
You are to shut the door at once.
Do I have to do it right away?
I heard a faint sound nearby.
Get the work started straight away!
It's just around the corner.
Send for the baggage immediately.
I'll be with you in a second.
I'll be there in a minute.
Must I go there at once?
I had a bowl of noodles at a street nearby.
I readily grasped at his proposal.
The school bus could not run.
A school bus ferries students between the station and the campus.
Is there a school bus?
I missed the school bus!
Dial 110 at once.
Opportunity makes a thief.
What is sukiyaki made of?
You were served sukiyaki for dinner, then spent the night and had breakfast. Don't you think you were imposing?
Have you ever tried scuba diving?
The scandal has badly damaged his clean image.
There is nothing more exciting than scuba diving.
Scandal could expose the lie.
The scandal hurt the company's reputation.
When the scandal broke, the Congressman's constituents were seething.
Take as much as you like.
A hungry man is an angry man.
I'd like to rent skis and ski boots.
To ski is a lot of fun.
Skiing is a good form of recreation.
Skiing is a great enjoyment to me.
Skiing is my favorite sport.
The time for skiing has gone by.
The season for skiing has gone by.
I think I'll go skiing.
I'd like to go skiing.
If only I could go skiing.
Which is easier, skiing or skating?
What do you say we go skiing?
We skied down to Chamonix.
Since ski season is almost over, the ski wear that's on sale is all leftovers, so there's nothing that's just my size.
I can ski.
I'd like to play a game of squash.
I'd like to try out skydiving.
Would you please show me that skirt?
Should the Suez and Panama Canals be internationalized?
Do you have a bowl for soup?
Don't make noise while eating soup.
Will you warm up the soup?
Don't make noises when you eat soup.
Do not make a noise when you eat soup.
It's bad manners to make a noise when you eat soup.
Have your soup without making noise.
Don't let the soup get cold.
When you drink soup, don't make any hissing sound.
The soup is not cool.
Eat your soup while it is hot.
The soup-spoon is always on the extreme right.
There's a hair in my soup.
I think the soup needs a bit of salt.
I'll put some salt in the soup.
Add more salt to the soup.
The soup is so hot I can't drink it.
Wait till the soup warms.
The soup is bubbling in the pot.
Boil the soup down until it becomes thick.
You have the choice of soup or salad.
It comes with soup or salad.
Sue picked up a pencil off the floor.
Sue is the best tennis player in our school.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
Sue has a big bottom, but she doesn't care.
Sue is an American student.
Superman flies as fast as a rocket.
The supermarkets are now closed, so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
The supermarket hired many part-timers.
If you're going to the supermarket, will you please bring me back some oranges?
Do you think that those superheroes are endowed with talents we don't possess?
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
There's no use for plastic supermarket bags aside from putting trash in them.
Would you go to the supermarket and get some butter?
Did you buy any meat in the supermarket?
I'm going to drop by the supermarket.
Working part-time at a supermarket, I found that some customers were polite whereas others weren't.
Sue and I have always got on well.
Sue and John decided to take the plunge.
He was conspicuous in his suit.
It's necessary to take correct measurements when you are tailoring a suit.
Change into your suit.
I hesitate to pay so much for a suit.
Can you manage to carry the suitcase by yourself?
I'll take your suitcase to your room.
Let me relieve you of your suitcase.
Tighten the strap around the suitcase.
The suitcase contained nothing but dirty clothes.
I think my suitcase was stolen.
One of my suitcases is missing.
Don't talk so impudently.
I wish I could play the piano as well as Susie.
Susie is so constituted that she cannot forgive and forget things.
Susie could not settle her fears.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Susie doesn't speak Japanese, and Tom doesn't either.
Susie sat up until midnight, when she heard a strange noise.
Susie sometimes visits her father's office.
Susie can type many times as fast as I can.
Susie lent me two books, neither of which I have read as yet.
Susie was unable to take part in the game because she wasn't feeling well.
Susie has a nice smile.
Suzy hopes that Tom will ask her out.
Susie's hair is very long.
Susie's mother is a most beautiful woman.
Susie wasn't very feminine.
Susan is a good cook.
Susan may not come, but Betty certainly will.
Susan has promised her mother that she will call her to let her know that they have arrived safely.
Susan enjoys listening to music.
Susan really takes after her mother.
Susan shined her father's shoes.
Susan broke the dish on purpose to show her anger.
Susan is indifferent to politics.
Susan is intelligent, and I expect her to pass the exam easily.
Susan spent the summer vacation at her grandmother's.
Susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate.
Susan manages to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
Susan is two years my senior.
Susan is actually your half sister.
Susan found out where the puppy had come from.
Susan was not playing the piano then.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
Susan was terrified.
Susan greeted her guests at the door.
Susan is majoring in American history.
It was very dark in Susan's room.
Susan left an hour ago.
Susan and Bob have flown from London to Sydney, Australia.
I'm Susan Greene.
Susan burst into tears.
I'm amazed Sue accepted his proposal.
The population of Sweden is on the increase.
Sweden has a language of its own.
Dr. Sweet's nature belied his name.
Excuse me, but may I use your telephone?
Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
I'm sorry, but that brand of cigarettes is out of stock.
I'm sorry, but I didn't understand what you said in English.
I'm sorry. It was just a slip of the tongue.
Sorry, I'm a stranger here.
I beg your pardon. I didn't think this was your seat.
I'm sorry. I did you wrong.
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
You've grown so tall.
It's very warm. Shall I turn on the air conditioner?
It was nice of you to go to so much trouble.
The switch is off.
The switch didn't work on time.
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
While visiting Switzerland, he became ill with pneumonia.
Switzerland is a beautiful country worth visiting.
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
Switzerland is a neutral country.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
We will be enjoying the beautiful scenery of Switzerland.
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
Switzerland boasts many sights.
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in spring?
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
What language do they speak in Switzerland?
Have you bought a watermelon?
Watermelons are in season now.
I'd like a suite.
We were entranced by the fabulous suite.
I have hives.
The cymbals clashed.
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.
Cinderella is far fairer than her sisters.
Cindy dozed off in the middle of her graduation examinations.
It's freezing in this room, Cindy. I can't put up with this cold.
Shinji found it very difficult to adjust himself to life in the new school. However, the fact that he was an EVA pilot made him popular.
His synchronizing rate left nothing to be desired.
Who'll be taking over from Cynthia when she retires?
I'd like to reserve a single room.
I'd like a single from the 24th for two nights.
Would you like a single or a double?
Single, please.
The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year.
Singapore has one big problem.
How did you like Singapore?
Singapore's Central Fund provides pensions.
Do you know about Singapore?
In Singapore, it is a crime to spit on the ground.
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
They teach Chinese as a second national language in Singapore.
In Singapore, a way to punish criminals is to whip them.
In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
In Singapore, a way to punish criminals is to whip them, or hit them several strokes with a cane, on their backs.
English is spoken in Singapore.
I'm from Singapore.
Could I have a glass of white wine?
I'd like a gin and tonic.
Don't stare at people.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
Polar bears live in the Arctic.
Jiro soon arrived at his house.
Silvia had a stern father who never praised her.
Jill says that she's happily married, but at times you'd never know it.
Jill looked at John sideways.
Jill is the only girl in our club.
Jill saw the movie with Ken.
Jill is engaged to Jack.
Jill is smart as well as pretty.
Jill has been on the phone with friends for more than two hours!
Do you approve of Jill's new hairstyle?
Jill and John will take the vows of man and wife next month.
The orbit around Sirius is elliptical.
I can never feel at ease among strangers.
Stop playing cat and mouse with me and tell me the news.
John, you're working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
Except for John, they all arrived.
It is hard to convince John.
You can trust John. He will never let you down.
John was another great player.
John sat with arms crossed.
John was standing alone with his arms folded.
John talks big.
John was busy preparing for his trip.
John is clever.
John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
John talked his friends into helping the poor family.
John did a brave thing.
John has hardly ever gone to bed before midnight.
John is in the habit of staying up until midnight.
John moved forward to the gate.
Will John come to see us tomorrow?
John tried not to wake the sleeping baby.
John built a bookcase.
John was standing alone in the room with his arms folded.
John ran into the room.
John is better loved than his father.
John went to America by air.
John is very proud of his new house.
John goes to his office on foot.
His shrewdness marks John for success.
John inherited a large fortune.
John is admitted to be a fool.
John was beating the drums loudly.
John works hard.
John has a car made in Japan.
John is the taller of the two boys.
John is looking for a book on Japanese history.
John got suddenly ill, but in the case of Bill, he simply forgot about the meeting.
John has to do without a stereo for the time being.
John is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
John has been moody since this morning.
John stretched out on the couch.
John listened carefully.
John is careless. He makes many mistakes.
John is very careless about his clothes.
John helped himself to several pieces of pie without asking.
John put across a big housing project.
John hit the jackpot. His efforts paid off beyond his wildest dreams.
John grew up to be a great artist.
John is a far better singer than the others.
John is too fat to run fast.
John hung his hopes on his son.
John came running into the room.
John took a walk along the river.
John had a bad cold last week.
John casts the blame on others.
John seems very honest by nature.
John has a natural bent for tennis.
John is cheerful by nature.
John is good at mathematics.
John belongs to the swimming club.
John represented his class in the swimming match.
John hopes to be independent of his parents.
John wanted to be completely independent of his parents.
John was praised for his good homework.
John is a strong believer in fresh air.
John lives above his means.
John ran to the station so as to catch the last train.
John started the car.
John always breaks the ice in class.
I think John is quite selfish, and a little bit vain. He isn't easy to get on with.
John came to terms with his problem, which means he has accepted it.
John makes fun of his dog.
John tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
John has confidence in his ability.
John worked his company with success.
John can't keep his family.
John began trade personally.
John doesn't know what to do next.
On hearing himself praised, John was deeply embarrassed.
John sometime goes overboard in drinking.
John passed the examination.
John made believe that he passed the exam.
John is my junior by two years.
John hit me on the head.
John is as old as my brother.
John is my younger brother.
John is my best friend.
John is a good friend of mine.
John ignored my advice.
John is my nephew.
John is not my brother, but my cousin.
John called me names.
John is as old as I.
John said he'd like to marry me, and I'm as happy as can be.
John used to stand by me whenever I was in trouble.
John is the cleverest of us all.
After John became manager, he told me he would never have expected to reach such a high position.
John has been collecting stamps since he was a child.
John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job.
John stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
John was tired from working overtime.
John was absent from school yesterday.
John is not the man that he was three years ago.
John came to Japan yesterday.
John left for France yesterday.
John skied up the slope.
John is a good husband to his wife.
John had a violent quarrel with his wife.
John has put on a lot of weight recently.
John isn't well enough to go to school today.
John sat looking out of the window.
John cannot be living in London now.
What is John doing now?
John is at his peak now.
John should be here any minute now.
I'd like to speak to John.
Said John, and he was right.
John stayed at home as he was told.
John finished the work at the expense of his health.
John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
John passed among the crowd.
John is envious of your new car.
These days John drinks too much.
John is easy to please.
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
John did even better than was expected.
John kept his head above water.
John covers the Kanto area and Taro covers the Kansai area.
John is likely to make a mistake.
John is having a good time.
John studied hard at school, while at home he helped his mother with her work.
John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
John puts his career before his family.
John wanted to be completely independent of his family.
John is walking in the direction of the station.
John knows English history from A to Z.
Has John returned to America for good?
John is above telling a lie.
John had to get along on a shoestring.
John is waiting for Lucy, but the train has already left.
Has John decided on a career yet?
John is going to tell Lucy about the origin of rugby.
John is much taller than Mary.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping.
John gave Mary some money.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon.
John accompanied Mary to the concert.
John has not come yet, but when he does, I will call you.
First John put on his coat, and then he picked up his hat.
John is mad about pop music.
John took a key out of his pocket.
John acts like Helen's guardian.
John made Beth his wife.
John can really talk a blue streak about Peru.
John comes from Florida and his wife from California.
John can't speak French well.
John is waiting for Mary on the platform.
John drank many bottles of wine.
John is cleverer than Bill.
John took advantage of Bill's weakness.
John is not as old as Bill; he is much younger.
John was in such a hurry that he had no time for talking.
John is familiar with the business.
John picked a quarrel with college kids near him at the bar.
John lives in New York.
John caught a tiger and shot two lions.
Jon is far more attractive than Tom.
John is wrestling with Tom.
John is very tall. He stands about seven feet.
John spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
Where does John live?
I wonder why John is always late for school.
John sent me a letter written in German.
John kept the door open.
John burst into laughter when he was watching TV.
When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
John played cat and mouse with Dick.
John is good at chess.
John likes chess.
Probably John will pass the examination.
John can't do it, nor can I, nor can you.
John likes lying at ease on the sofa.
John tried in vain to solve the problem.
John ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
She said that John must be very glad to hear the news.
John will not answer the question.
I don't think John is suited for the job.
John stared at the picture.
John laid claim to the painting.
John can't bear the noise.
John is sure to succeed his father in the company.
John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room.
John had put his sweater on inside out.
John has already come to the station.
John sang "Imagine" on the stage.
What did John sing on the stage?
John drinks Scotch and Mary bourbon.
John sits by Jack.
John was married to Jane.
John went away without so much as saying good-by.
John is interested in golf.
John has the complete collection of Sam's music.
John has no friends here.
John is free from worry these days.
John drinks too much these days. We have to stop him from drinking any more.
John is sure to win the game.
John can not play the guitar.
John played guitar and his friends sang.
John can't play the guitar.
John talked with his customer on the phone.
John is professor of French literature at Oxford and his wife is French.
John is as lean as a wolf.
John always tried to live up to the example of Lincoln.
John had awoken much earlier than usual.
John was making mistakes all the time.
John will make a good husband and father.
John is a good student.
John was too surprised to say anything.
John is an American boy.
John is not a man to betray you.
John had been lazy before he met you.
John is eighty years old but still fit.
John will be here in five minutes.
John is not the man he was three years ago.
John employs 200 workers.
I have known John since 1976.
John must work hard to catch up with his classmates.
John called for the waiter in a loud voice.
John investigated the accident thoroughly.
John is senior to me by two years.
John became a policeman.
John stood still with his eyes fixed on something strange.
John is senior to Robert.
John claimed that the dishonest salesman had tricked him into buying a useless piece of machinery.
John is seeing to the arrangements for the meeting.
John is the taller of the two, and the tallest of them all.
John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High".
John, who is the youngest in a family of seven, is the apple of his parents' eyes.
When John's neighbor saw John selling drugs, she blew the whistle on him.
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time.
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe.
John is the taller of the two.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
John's father has some knowledge of French.
John's business has turned out to be a complete failure.
According to John, the bank closes at 3 p.m.
John's face was drawn.
Such an honest man as John cannot have told a lie.
John was mentioned in the paper.
Do you know John's father died of a heart attack?
I am going to have John repair my watch.
John's grandmother passed away after a long illness.
Did you hear what happened to John?
John has two sons.
There is enough money for John to buy a car.
John shall have a holiday one of these days.
Please remind me to call John at nine.
The girl talking with John is Susan.
The student who is talking with John is from Canada.
In interviewing John for the job, we must take into account that he has very bad eyesight.
John and I alternated in driving.
John and I are old friends.
Talking of John, what has become of his sister?
John and Mary broke up last week.
John and Mary differed in opinion as to that important matter.
John and Mary loved each other.
John and Mary always walk hand in hand.
John and Mary have known each other since 1976.
John and Beth are of an age.
John and I have patched up our troubles.
No one came to the party except John and Dick.
There is a rumor that John and Sue will get married.
John and Cathy have different tastes and different characters. Trying to get them together is like putting a square peg in a round hole.
Is John available now?
John and Ann like each other.
John Tel is expected to delay the release of its chip set until August.
John alone went there.
May I introduce you to Dr. Johnson?
May I present Mr Johnson to you?
Mr Johnson is a lawyer. He will be having three clients this afternoon.
Mr Johnson suddenly changed his mind and signed the contract.
Mr Johnson is self-employed and deals in repairing furniture.
Mr Johnson's was a large room.
Mr Johnson insists on his theory.
Mr Johnson is not a scholar but a poet.
Mr Johnson ran fastest of the three.
Mr Johnson's house is next to my house.
The Johnsons are very sociable people, who enjoy hosting parties often.
The Johnsons love to have parties.
It is not that Johnson's claim is groundless, but that it is misleading.
It is clearly shown in Johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
Mr Johnson was concerned about the amount of money that was being lost because of careless management.
With the money Mr Johnson had saved, he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired.
Mr Johnson is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
Mr Johnson is a rich man.
Is Mr Johnson in?
There's a rumor Johnson is going to be traded.
Mr Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Lyndon Johnson took over presidency when John Kennedy was assassinated.
Let's go as soon as John comes.
I hope for John to come.
I will leave when John comes.
When John came back, he looked pale as if he had seen a ghost.
John answered for his sister.
It was last week that John bought a car.
John broke the window.
I can't imagine John coming on time.
Either John or I am to blame.
John hates me and it shows.
When John retired, his son took over his business.
It was only yesterday that John told me about his plan to go to Europe.
John came and moved some of the boxes.
John put his foot on the brake and we stopped suddenly.
I heard John speak to Mr Brown.
I can't understand why John turned down a job as good as that.
No one seems to have any idea where John is.
John has been painting the door.
It took John about two weeks to get over his illness.
It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school.
It was in 1980 that John was shot at this spot.
John broke the window yesterday.
If John had of come, I needn't have.
I'd like to speak to John Warner.
John Lennon was born in 1940.
It was in 1980 that John Lennon was shot at this spot.
John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
I swear, John. As of today, I quit smoking.
I'll call on you, John.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Chopin sits at the piano and begins to play.
He goes and sits outside the class but he can't stop laughing.
Little Johnny farts in the classroom.
Little Johnny what are you doing sitting here laughing?
Johnny got leave to go home.
Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn't used to speaking Spanish as yet.
Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted.
Johnny kept planting apple seeds for 46 years.
Jody looks as if she had seen a ghost.
Is there a bus that goes to the mall?
Could you put it in a shopping bag for me?
The shopping center is a mile further down the road.
Where's the shopping center?
At the car wash next to the shopping mall.
Some people have very fast serves.
I have to blow my nose all the time.
I go skiing very often.
The shock deprived her of speech.
The shock robbed her of speech for a moment.
She was too shocked to speak.
Have you recovered from the shock?
I think jogging is good exercise.
Jogging has become the favorite form of exercise.
I was caught in a shower while I was jogging.
How about taking up jogging?
Try to lose weight by jogging.
Come on, Joe. Just a glass of beer won't hurt.
Joan dropped her husband like a hot potato.
Joan became a great actress in spite of having had a difficult childhood.
Joan is as charming as her sister.
Joan broke her left arm in the accident.
Joan caught her breath when she saw the sight.
Joan and Jane are sisters. The former is a pianist.
Mrs. Jones is often unpleasant to her husband's secretary over the phone.
The Joneses love their daughter.
There is no one who has been loved by the students more than Mr Jones.
Mr Jones reprimanded me for taking a spot of shut-eye during class.
Mr Jones is very sensitive to the nuances of English and American usage.
Mrs. Jones is teaching computer science.
Mr Jones is sick and Mr Brown will teach in his place today.
Mr Jones teaches us English conversation.
When Mr Jones gets old, he will hand over his business to his son.
Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr Jones believes in hard work and profits.
It is believed that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
It is said that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
Professor Jones retires next year.
The Joneses pay their servant by the week.
Jones is well qualified for the job.
Mrs. Jones ordered the room to be swept by noon.
Is Mr Jones in the office?
Jones was born in the United States.
Mr Jones was looked upon as a great scholar.
Mr Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
Miss Jones made a face when she heard the news.
Mrs. Jones counts sheep every night to go to sleep.
Mr Jones hasn't been here as far as I know.
Mr Jones, whose wife teaches English, is himself a professor of English.
A Mr Jones has come to see you.
A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
Joe purged himself of the suspicion.
Joe insisted on my paying the money.
Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
Joe looked sad yesterday?
How soon does the show begin?
Joe excels his older brother at swimming.
Joe was not on speaking terms with his noisy neighbor.
Joe spends the majority of his time in sports.
Joe was pleased at the thought of going to New York.
Joe's nuts about the girl.
Joe was believed to have shot the prisoner.
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.
When will the show begin?
Admission to the show is $5.
Joe's masculine smell made Louisa sick.
The man whose work it is to amuse people who attend a show is an entertainer.
It was Mr White that gave Joe this ticket.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Short skirts have already gone out.
Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
Mr Jordan was a little surprised.
Mr Jordan is chairperson.
"Weren't you there?" asked Mr Jordan.
That Jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self-evident.
Mr George is liked by all the students.
Uncle George never visited us without some present.
George Washington was the first President of the United States of America.
Mr George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States.
George calculated the cost of the trip.
George did business in the same manner as his father.
George is not serious about his study.
George did business in the same manner as his father did.
George is poor, but he's always happy.
George hit him in the stomach.
George works on a big farm.
George had a lot of cheese for breakfast.
George is very honest by nature.
George does not mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
George set up as a merchant.
George was broken-hearted.
George failed in business.
George is five years senior to me.
George married my sister.
George accompanied me home.
George sent me a birthday card.
George is the captain of our team.
George is the most diligent boy in our class.
George was tricked into buying the land.
George was livid!
George began to climb all unawares.
George is quite talkative.
George was so tired that his doctor advised him to take better care of himself.
George is reluctant to take on that difficult job.
George put a chain on the dog.
George encouraged Ellie to study hard again.
George seems a good boy.
George doesn't mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
Jorge is able to speak four languages.
George felt the train begin to move.
George was describing a 30 pound bass he'd caught recently after fighting it for three hours.
George weighs not less than 70 kilograms.
George's sister made me some sandwiches.
George has an incredibly large Adam's apple.
George has two cousins; one lives in Germany and the other in Switzerland.
A man named George was staying at a hotel.
That George will come is certain.
I don't know if George is coming.
Do you know where George bought his tennis racket?
I'm not sure if George will take to this idea.
Georgia is his native state.
George III has been unfairly maligned by historians.
George Washington was born in 1732.
George Johnson is in really fine form.
Son, I have to talk with you. Look at your mother, George.
Just come to see me any time you feel like it, George.
George, if you are not listening to the radio, turn it off.
You should consult a doctor at once, George.
There are some who don't see a joke.
The dress in the window caught my eye.
Grow up, Joe.
Excuse me, Joe, can I use your phone?
Mr Joel is now on duty.
It is not easy to speak English well.
It's not Joan. You are wrong.
Junko still depends on her parents for her living expenses.
When she saw the gorgeous coat, Julie decided to buy it.
Julie gains 20 pounds every month from her eating binge.
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
It floored me that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow.
Don't waste money on clothes, Julie. Save money!
Julia felt like crying when she heard the news.
Julia's native language is Italian.
Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
Schweitzer was a musician as well as a doctor.
Tom picked up some pretty shells on the beach.
Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
Judy decided to wear her new bikini.
Judy smiled at me.
Judy laughed at me.
Judy was born on the morning of September 5.
Judy is a most clever student.
Judy is fond of dancing.
Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
Judy is smart.
Judy dances very well.
Please give my best regards to Judy.
Who runs faster, Judy or Tony?
I'd like to speak to Judy.
Judy spent hours on end writing and rewriting her essay.
Judy sent her children to bed.
Judy spends a lot of time looking in the mirror.
Judy is the only woman on the board.
Judy is kind to everyone.
Judy likes him.
I'm looking for something to clean the carpet with.
The rugs are a good match for the curtains.
The color of the carpet is in harmony with the wall.
Some juice, please.
Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.
I want a dozen cream puffs.
Maybe just a short one.
Schweitzer is a man to imitate.
Good. Now go down with it.
Then what?
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
The jumbo jet touched down thundering.
I'll take a glass of champagne.
A shampoo and a set, please.
We used up the shampoo.
The champagne cork popped out.
The champagne bubbled in the glass.
What are those cards, Jan?
I'd like a single with a shower, please.
May I take a shower?
I felt refreshed after showering.
There's no water coming out of the shower.
I'll take a shower.
Do you have any rooms with a shower and toilet?
I can't turn the shower off. Could you check it for me?
This shower is broken.
Sharon must be a go-getter.
Take the jam down from the top shelf.
Is this the only difficulty in the way?
Please remove that chair because it is in the way.
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.
The bubble burst in the air.
Unable to speak, he wrote it on a piece of paper.
Quit talking, will you?
I'm able to speak, and only speak, Japanese.
His hands quivered when he began to speak.
I talked myself hoarse.
Hold your tongue and listen to me.
The Japan Times was carrying the story.
Set a thief to catch a thief.
They call women who make a hobby out of collecting Chanel goods "Chanellers".
Janet was seeking for fame in the world of show business.
Janet sure knows how to stretch a dollar.
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
Janet always lets me use her typewriter.
Janet's dress is similar in appearance to her sister's.
Janet and Bill are going to get hitched in June.
Word got around that Jeanette and Dave were having an affair.
It looks like Janet's going to be kicked upstairs.
Janet, tend to the baby, please.
Remove your shirt and lie down.
Please take off your shirt.
Change your shirt. It's very dirty.
I mended my torn shirt, too.
You must change your shirt - it's got wet.
The second button of your shirt is coming off.
What is that greasy stuff on your shirt?
I have to iron my shirt.
Please iron the shirt.
Could you press this button?
You can count on Jack.
I hiccup a lot.
You are welcome, Jack!
Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
Jack bought a present for his friend.
Jack was never to see his sister again.
Jack explained to me how to change the wheel of the car.
Jack was caught for setting fire to the house.
Jack broke his mother's valuable vase, but he didn't do it on purpose, so she wasn't angry.
Jack was pacing up and down in the room, lost in thought.
Jack resembles his father.
It seems that Jack is sick.
Jack was looking well although tired.
Scarcely had Jack seen her, he burst out crying.
It is hard to convince Jack.
Jack reached out for the magazine on the shelf.
Jack tried to evade paying his taxes.
Jack is wise beyond all others.
Jack is an early riser.
Jack resigned from his job in despair.
Jack made no mistakes in the math test.
Jack collects stamps.
Jack has no object in life.
Jack was laughed at by all the boys.
Jack has a cat under his arm.
Jack is very severe with his children.
Jack exchanged the cow for the seeds.
Jack is one of my friends.
Jack is three years senior to me.
Jack played a dirty trick on me.
Jack is busy cooking for us.
Jack made a lot of mistakes in his composition.
Jack is bound to succeed this time.
Jack is now either in London or Paris.
Jack said he had never told a lie, but he was lying.
Jack was lost sight of in the crowd.
Jack insisted on having a living room to himself.
Jack may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Jack is interested in painting.
Everybody laughed at Jack.
Jack is a powerful acquisition for our team.
Jack hid the dish he had broken, but his little sister told on him.
Jack keeps a cat and a parrot at home.
Jack speaks English.
Jack is an evil boy full of evil ideas.
Jack once gave a helping hand to Robert, who was in trouble; and now Robert, in turn, is of great help to Jack.
Jack made me go there against my will.
Jack can speak French.
Jack brushed the dust off his coat.
What about Jack?
Jack will not answer my letters.
All Jack does is sleep.
Jack is Mary's second cousin, I believe.
Jack insists that he has nothing to do with the crime.
Jack seems to regret it deeply.
Jack would often go jogging there.
Jack may speak Spanish, too.
Jack doesn't drive fast.
Jack is the tallest boy in his class.
Jack is the most intelligent boy in the class.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
Jack was born on August tenth.
Jack has been living in New York for six years.
Jack was tired from having walked fifty miles.
Jack stopped talking all of a sudden when Mary went into the room.
Jack bores me with stories about his trip.
Jack's adventures are more amazing than those of the hero in many thrillers.
Jack's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
Jack's car is a recent model.
Who is the pretty girl sitting beside Jack?
Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
How long have you known Jack?
Jack and I agreed to work at the office on Saturdays by turns.
Who was at the party beside Jack and Mary?
Jack and Betty have been going steady for a month.
Jack and Peggy were married by the Rev. John Smith.
Jack, Jill and Alice went up the hill.
Jack Daniel's is a Tennessee whiskey.
We are all poor swimmers with the possible exception of Jack.
Jack isn't here. He may have missed his usual bus.
It was the window that Jack broke yesterday.
It isn't true that Jack is no good at music; on the contrary, he plays the piano well.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
Jack isn't here.
Don't be so wild, Jack.
Jackie's efforts to help homeless people backfired on her.
Two shirts and suits, please. There's a stain here.
Your shirt is inside out.
Jazz is not my speciality.
Jazz uses the same notes that Bach used.
Good day. See you soon.
It looks like Jacob has been bitten by the love bug.
What annoys me is that though I object, she insists on buying it.
Miss Jackson did not appear.
Mr Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
Have you dug up the potatoes?
I'll boil you the potatoes.
I want some potatoes. Do you have any?
The potato is native to the highlands of Central and South America.
Potatoes were introduced by the Dutch from Jakarta.
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
Please scrape the skin off the potatoes.
Potatoes were being cooked in the kitchen by the girls.
Ms Jaguar offered Mr Clinton the position because she had faith in his capabilities.
But ... did that tenth child have a different father to the ones before him?
Shylock is greedy, and what is worse, very stingy.
Beat the Giants!
The Giants lost the game by 20 points.
The Giants were well on the way to defeat.
Which do you like better, the Giants or the Dragons?
Let's hit the hay.
Can you order one for me?
All right. Please order it.
Let's build on your plan.
How old is he then?
I always thought that Shirley and Alan would get together.
Could you lend me a few mechanical pencil leads?
See you at the party.
I hope to be a journalist.
His career as a journalist was full of distinguished achievements.
Until then.
Let me tell you something.
Can I have the key now, please?
So you give up, right?
Well, I'll tell you how to spell my name.
Sounds like a pretty good idea, after all.
At least let me help with the table.
I'll meet you at the ball park.
A damp, cold day affects a person's health.
All but Jim came.
Did anybody other than Jim see her?
We tried to persuade Jim to join us.
Jim is coming to the party, too.
Jim is taller than any of his friends.
Jim is a man of his word.
Jim studies far into the night.
Jim awoke and found himself alone in the room.
Jim drove too fast, which was reckless.
Jim is not a lawyer but a doctor.
Jim mastered French and German.
Jim went fishing from the pier.
Jim accompanied her on the piano.
Jim went back to London for the purpose of seeing her.
Jim could hear whom she was phoning.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
Jim was born in the same year as he.
You cannot rely upon Jim's words since he tries to please everybody.
Jim has a white hat on his head.
Jim can read Japanese.
Jim has learned to like Japanese dishes.
Jim has learned to like Japan.
Jim was afraid of physical labor.
Jim answered my question without difficulty.
Jim is about to take a trip to southeast Asia.
Jim slipped on the icy road and got hurt.
Jim was able to hold back his anger.
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
Jim is watering the garden.
Jim jumped for joy when the news came.
Jim was counted out in the seventh round.
Jim kicks a ball very well.
Jim can be said to be a man of many talents.
Jim climbed out of the boat on to the bank.
Jim suggested that the teacher might be wrong.
Jim wrote to me last week and said he had come back two months before.
Jim went into the room quietly lest he should wake the baby.
Jim got dismissed for his misconduct in office.
Jim says he goes jogging at least three times a week.
Jim seems to know the art of making friends with girls.
Jim went out, but Mary stayed home.
Jim burned the midnight oil when he was preparing for the examination.
Jim set out to write something in his notebook.
Jim put his hand up.
Jim is at work on his car.
Jim is learning how to drive a car.
Jim persists in his opinion.
Jim attributes his success to hard work.
Jim boasts of having passed the exam.
Jim was caught cheating in the examination.
Jim wants whipping for insulting me.
Jim called me a coward.
Jim pointed out some grammatical mistakes in my composition.
Jim is in my black book.
Jim called me a cab.
Jim said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Jim left Paris yesterday.
Jim will not come today.
Jim stayed with us while he was in Japan as an exchange student.
We believed that Jim had made a mistake.
Jim turned the key in the lock.
Jim has broad shoulders.
Jim studies as hard as his brother does.
Jim will accept your proposal.
Jim is not the man that you think him to be.
Jim is liked by all his classmates.
As soon as Jim got home, he made a beeline for the rest room.
Jim is studying hard for his finals.
Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
Jim had hardly got home when he crept into bed.
Jim really knows his way around the store from his years working there.
Jim is above any of his classmates in English.
Jim's angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain.
Though Jim works very hard, his job does not pay very much.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
Jim has gone to London.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
Jim made a superfluous remark.
Jim works hard, but John is idle.
Jim promised me not to come again.
Jim is not yet used to driving on the left side of the road.
Jim fell in love with Mary the moment he met her.
Jim got a job as a waiter.
Jim hasn't come yet.
Jim hasn't been home yet.
Jim dropped his pen and bent to pick it up.
Jim is about as tall as Bill.
Jim likes to play the drum.
Jim goes to school by bus.
"How does Jim go to school?" "He goes by bus."
Jim was so tired that he lay down and slept.
Where is Jim?
Jim kicked the ball very hard.
Jim likes the doctor.
I've heard Jim rejected the proposal.
Jim must be hospitalized at once.
Jim pulled a muscle in his leg while skiing.
Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks.
Jim seized Julie by the arm.
Jim had his camera stolen.
Jim is on bad terms with his classmates.
Jim knows most anything about motorcycles.
Jim resembles his father.
Jim didn't wake up until his mother woke him.
Jim has been laid up with flu for three days.
Jim has asked Anne out several times.
It seemed that Jim had missed the seven o'clock train.
Jim ate three apples and said he could eat as many again.
Jim acted very strangely all day.
Jim sat alone with his arms folded.
Jim got down from the tree.
Jim makes a point of jogging three miles every day.
Jim is not what he was.
Jim is Canadian.
Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
Jim is what is called an absent-minded student.
Jim's parents agreed to his marriage with Susan.
Jim's father always comes home late.
Jim's college boasts the finest view in the city.
Jim's uncle is due to retire next year.
I can't go along with Jim's plan.
Don't speak ill of Jim in his absence.
Jim is no more to blame than you are.
Why don't you share your cookies with Jim?
She was glad to have Jim say her name.
The girl talking with Jim is Mary.
Jim and Mike threw the ball back and forth.
Do you know where Jim and Nancy are?
Jim is short for James.
Not only Jim but his parents are sick.
We had been talking about Jim when he entered the room.
Jim stayed at my house.
Either Jim or I have to tell her about it.
Two years have passed since Jim graduated from high school.
I wish Jim would behave himself.
Jim opens the door.
It is certain that Jim stayed at home that day.
How long have you known Jim Robinson?
Jim Waller is a strong candidate for the post of sales manager.
Jim, don't run about in the room.
Shut the window, Jim.
I couldn't scrub the stain out.
Jimmy was accustomed to his friends making fun of him.
Jimmy is easy for me to get along with.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
Is Jimmy writing a letter?
Jimmy knows everything about cars.
Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo.
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
Jimmy will often sit up all night.
Jimmy is coughing badly because he has a cold.
Jimmy is to some extent capable of performing this operation.
Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
Jimmy's pictures were different from other people's.
Say hello to Jimmy.
Jimmy was not at home, as is often the case with him.
Jimmy insist on my taking him to the zoo.
It is time you went to bed, Jimmy.
Jimmy, breakfast is ready. Come downstairs.
Oh, no. I broke a string in my racket.
Oh no! I wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
The Siberian Railway is at once the longest and best known railway in the world.
The Siberian Tiger is on the verge of the crisis of extermination.
He impatiently asked for repayment.
Don't eat till the numbness wears off.
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.
If you sleep for a while, you will feel much better.
The recovery of Japan's economy, which has been in a recession for some time, is finally under way.
Please hold the line a moment.
You'll have to visit me regularly for a while.
Keep an eye on the baby for a while.
You must keep quiet for a while.
Have you ever got in your car after a long absence and got the brake mixed up with the accelerator?
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
I had been reading a magazine for some time when she came.
Give me some time to think it over.
Let me think for a while.
I was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days.
Shall we take a short rest?
I felt better after I took a rest.
Keep quiet in bed for a while.
Why don't you have a rest for a while?
Please remain seated for a few minutes.
They were both silent for a while.
I don't mind waiting for a while.
Nice to see you again.
After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
After a while, the man came into the room.
Hold still for a moment, please.
After a while, the children settled down.
After a while she began to play the piano again.
They began to walk after a while.
After a while he found out the answer.
After a while he came back with a dictionary under his arm.
It was some time before he realized his mistake.
He began to talk nonsense after a while.
After a while, he came.
After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
After a while, it grew dark.
They began to walk again after a while.
After a while, he came to.
Can I ride this horse for a while?
I think I'll stay put in this town for a while.
Hold on for a while, please.
Can I ride this horse for a long time?
Will you stay here for a while?
Would you mind my staying here for some time?
Wait here for a while.
The dew has fallen on the lawn.
More often than not, he had to go in person.
They communicate with each other often by mail.
As often as not, we lay awake all night.
As is often said, it is difficult to adjust yourself to a new environment.
There was a silence.
Could I have three cinnamon donuts?
I heard you have become Branch Manager of Sydney.
Sydney has a beautiful natural harbor.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
The air of Sydney is cleaner than that of Tokyo.
I hope to visit Sydney again.
To tell the truth, they are not husband and wife.
I saw a dog and its tail was cut short.
The Ship Island region was as woody and tenantless as ever.
The truth is that he is good by nature.
My zipper stuck halfway up.
Stand still and keep silent.
As she watched, the birds, especially Chizuko's golden crane, looked alive in a light autumn breeze.
After patiently listening to the audience's complaints, the judges changed the results.
Hold still or you'll be shot.
I have a persistent cough.
No one stops to listen to him.
You have to be patient about your recovery.
Study hard.
Hold on tight, otherwise you will fall off.
Go in and win!
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.
Pull yourself together, now. There's no point in crying.
It matters little what kind of books one reads, so long as one has sound judgement.
The stew was not half bad.
What's going on down there?
Don't excuse what you have done.
Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the cost.
For world peace, therefore, we must develop the consciousness that we are all one people of planet Earth through continual international cultural and economic exchange.
Hence one can say that, of all political ideals, that of making people happy is the most dangerous.
Thus you cannot indulge in the pleasure of spending money freely.
Do whatever you want to do.
Single people enjoy more freedom to do what they want and enjoy living a less restricted social life.
It is difficult to overcome this shortcoming without drastically changing the whole system.
Changing the system is difficult, not to mention the interpersonal relationships.
This unexpected malfunctioning of the system was caused by improper wiring.
Please push the Ctrl+Alt+Del key to log on the system.
There are cases where the system doesn't go.
I will not be able to pick up Shigemi at the kindergarten.
Could you please pick Shigemi up for me at the day-care center?
He is anxious to go with you.
I'll be right back.
He soon became confidential with the man.
It will not be long before the bridge is built.
It's going to rain soon. Look at those black clouds.
It is likely to rain soon.
We made a date to meet soon.
Tom soon adapted himself to school life.
You will recover from your weakness soon.
He took a beautiful shot at a deer.
And yet the large blocks of stone are fitted together so closely that you cannot put in the point of a knife between them.
And among the good there are Serbs and Croats and Muslims, just as there are among the bad.
A frown may express anger or displeasure.
A baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
Abide by the inevitable.
The current low status of the elderly may be changing, however.
But his eyes were blue and bright.
But the compass isn't in the head of the bee, it's in the body.
But as civilizations grew more complex, better methods of communication were needed.
Barter, however, was a very unsatisfactory system because people's needs seldom matched exactly.
But they never lose their way.
But how can they do this?
But, he didn't keep his promise.
But he can't enjoy hot summers.
But he was lucky.
But he is bad at reading English.
But he was excited too.
But he doesn't know it yet.
But his friends call him Ken.
But few of them are worth reading.
But in spite of the merits of being single, they do want to get married some day.
However, the guarantee is not effective at all outside the fixed form.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
But the boy stayed away for a long time.
But no man could help me.
But she had not expected to cross an ocean, enter a new and romantic-sounding country, and find herself in exactly the same position.
But they look very green, don't they?
But being bored is also fun in a way.
But showing off the presents could embarrass the guests who did not bring one.
If the other party does not offer personal information, however, it is better to leave it alone.
But light does not travel at the same speed through all materials; it goes slower through some than through others.
That, however, tells you just about as much as you would know about water if you were told that it was wet.
But every man had to give five years of service to the government.
But people have little hope.
But whoever lives by the truth come into the right.
But more often than not, we came back empty-handed.
But I slept right through the class. Don't you ever sleep through an eight-thirty class?
But I wasn't afraid.
Even today, however, women struggle against discrimination.
But today smoking in public places is forbidden or strictly restricted.
Nowadays, however, calculators can be used freely in school examinations, and already in many schools the only sound to be heard during a math exam is the sound of children tapping on their calculators.
But today, a lot of young people are following her example.
However, I can't help noticing, at this moment, that at first glance it seems inevitable that the shark will devour the man.
But now things have changed tremendously.
But you're not there.
But you don't want to bend the knees too much.
But, to his credit, he didn't say anything against her.
But we carried on without him.
We believe, however, that over a period of time, we will be able to make remittance in full settlement.
However, Lucy is about to leave her home.
But Pepperberg says working with the parrot has already changed the way of looking at animals.
However, his girlfriend is selfish and hardly worries about Brian.
One evening, however, when Miss Baker got back to the college a few minutes before the time by which all students had to be in, she found another car in her parking space.
However, the amount of wind available varies with the location and the season of the year.
However, the quantity was not correct.
His words, however, were not believed at all.
Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries, and the Japanese, likewise, find foreigners difficult to understand.
What I most noticed about my Japanese high school, however, was the great respect shown by students toward their teachers.
However, only the human community has verbal languages as a means of communication.
Real change for most black people, however, was very slow in coming.
Why people fall into these categories, however, is a mystery.
There was, however, a need for food to be carried from the bowl to the mouth, and chopsticks came along to meet that need.
However, the color was different from the sample color in your catalog.
I cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
However, it is too expensive.
However, some people in the audience were not pleased with the results.
However, Beth seems to be indifferent to Chris's grief.
The interpretation of this data, however, is very much in dispute.
This problem, however, should be considered more carefully.
The strike had not been peaceful, however, and Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. begged both sides to be patient and calm.
We concluded, however that the price of 5,000,000 yen was too high.
But you know, there's no telling about that other world.
But in the end he put the book on the fire.
But it looked comfortable.
But the answers were all wrong.
But in return they get a clear look at important games, and if they miss something, they can always rely on the commentator's description or the instant replay.
But then, full of guilt, I sat down at my desk one evening.
But Susan promised that she would call.
However, this has not always been true.
But this is an issue to which we return later.
However, please put this book away first.
But where is this compass?
That proved to be no more than an expression of optimism when World War II began.
But you do. Please help me.
However, I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express (a train leaves every 30-60 minutes from the airport), to avoid the complexity of changing trains.
But poor people did not go to concerts.
But after she does that with the first glass, what is she going to do with the second one?
However, he was hurt when she quickly disposed of the present.
But they will come here tomorrow.
But he plays soccer with his friend.
But he knew he had no choice.
He might, however, have seen a wooden peg of a different size or color.
But he did not often smile.
But his friends got together to help him.
I cannot, however, neglect his warning.
But we do know many things about his character, thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people's stories about him.
But the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot.
But the farmer smiled at him.
But there are always some cheap standing tickets for the finals that you can buy on the day.
However, we can be people of the earth.
But no one's lifted a finger.
But it was not successful for long because everyone, even religious people, had a strong attraction to the game.
But, most smokers try to avoid thinking about these things.
But in many ways, the bird called Alex is unusual, for it has shown the kind of mental abilities that scientists once thought only humans had.
But all in all, things have gone well.
But everyone else is still.
But human beings are different.
But not really.
But I want a car.
But this is not true.
But a collection of facts is not science any more than a dictionary is poetry.
However, I'm not good at speaking English.
But I'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
But my mother always answered.
But we can't understand him.
But the first thing we say is "hello."
But she liked children and she enjoyed her work.
But he needed a job.
But my older sister is good at swimming.
However, a new type of humor, which stems largely from America, has recently come into fashion.
But now I live in Tokyo.
Only through protest can a free and open society be maintained.
In the case of language, however, it is only the ability to talk and understand that we inherit genetically; the particular language or languages that we speak are passed on to us not by genetic transmission but by cultural transmission.
Yet giving up is not impossible.
But if we were wholly rational, would we want children at all?
But Tuesday mornings were different, because Tuesday was music day.
However, they can help him breathe with a machine.
However, I have no money.
But the robot made trouble.
However, if he is brain-dead, he will never think, speak, or hear again.
But you know it's all in Japanese.
But soon he would not be able to walk, write, or even eat by himself.
But he was always happy to leave again.
Most studies, however, have not focused on the influence Emmet's theory had on computer graphics.
But the Nobel Committee said that poverty was a threat to world peace, and Mother Teresa worked against poverty.
But Tony was not a clever boy.
But how that comes about I am at a loss to explain.
But he wanted a son very much.
But the benefits are significant at all ages.
But very very difficult.
But the rise in prices is a consequence of that policy.
But then he fell in love with Jane Wilde, a student studying languages in London.
But, then again, Latin was already a "dead language" by that time.
But, that thing is said to no one.
Not only career-minded women have desire to work.
But when the monkey came back, the tin cup was always empty.
But this is the story of an old man who wants to die.
But there had been no indications Gorbachev was having any sort of health problems, and it is not exactly clear what's happened to him now.
But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood's farm.
But this claim is emphatically not the one that Dennett is making.
But this did not stop him from using his mind and presenting his ideas at physics meetings around the world.
But the reason I came baptizing with water was that he might be revealed to Israel.
But the Evans were clean and they had enough to eat.
But the temple he had spoken of was his body.
But Jesus would not entrust himself to them.
However, like America, Japan is predominantly a middle-class, middle-income country, and so wives do not employ maids, but attend to everything themselves.
However, in America, sports teams are generally chosen by skill, and academic courses by ability.
But still you people do not accept our testimony.
But among you stands one you do not know.
Can I reserve a flight to Chicago?
We flew from New York to St. Louis by way of Chicago.
I want a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
Chicago is the principal city of the Middle West.
It was raining around Chicago.
I'll call you as soon as I get to Chicago.
Her decision to move to Chicago surprised us.
I'd like to place a person-to-person call to Chicago.
Can I stop over in Chicago?
I stayed in Chicago over two months.
Snow is apt to fall in Chicago in late November.
The plane from Chicago arrived at the airport late at night.
John cannot keep his family.
A gentleman is a man of independent means.
I left Jeremy poring over his notes for his first accountancy exam tomorrow.
Yes, I'll have sherry.
Jerry is the bean counter for our company.
Did Jerry really win a lottery?
Shelly's really filled out since the last time I saw her.
Jeff thinks he will never fall in love.
Jeffrey is called Jeff by his friends.
Jeff seems to know where she is.
Jeff had to pound the pavement for three months before he found a job.
Jeff lost yesterday's match, but I'm sure he is a promising tennis player.
Jeff wore the tie which Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jeff and Mia are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce.
Jennifer has a good eye for beauty.
It doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
Jenny could not ignore her parents' desire for her safety.
Jenny thanked me for the gift.
If you hear from Jenny, could you tell her I would like to see her?
The jet roared during takeoff.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
The jet plane flew away in an instant.
The jet plane landed following the instructions of the control tower.
Jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes.
I don't know how she puts up with the noise of a jet plane.
A jet airliner does not admit of careless handling.
The jets took off one after another.
Gestures are not used by them.
Jessie is boiling water to make coffee.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
It is exciting to welcome Jane.
Jane plays tennis too.
Jane asked me if I would like to cook.
Jane is to teach our students from next week.
Jane is to be married next month.
Jane affirmed that she was telling the truth.
When Jane played horse with her father, she held on to him tightly.
Jane is sick in bed.
Jane took her dog for a walk.
Jane laughed away the sorrow.
Jane is out shopping.
Jane had a yellow ribbon in her hair.
Jane was waiting with her back against the tree.
Jane is mature beyond her years.
Jane prefers dogs to cats.
Jane is familiar with the Japanese language.
Jane has made great progress in Japanese.
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
Jane was boiling.
Jane made an angry gesture.
Jane kept silent for a long time.
Jane was dressed as a man.
Jane is talking with somebody.
Jane is in serious trouble.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
Jane keeps early hours.
Though Jane is not a good runner, she can swim very fast.
Jane liked to make believe she was a teacher.
Jane lent me this book of hers last week.
Jane couldn't explain the beauty of snow.
Jane could not stop herself from crying aloud.
Jane is interested in flower arrangement.
Jane grew up to be a fine lady.
Jane filled out an application.
Jane went out of her way to be nice to the new girl.
Jane makes the utmost effort to win.
Jane has been doing her assignment.
Jane has been acting in films since she was eleven.
Jane was a stewardess when she was young.
Jane is the president's secretary.
Jane is very content with her job and has no desire to quit it.
Jane insisted that she was right.
Jane felt unable to cope with driving in heavy traffic after her accident.
Jane threw a glance at us.
Jane begged to see my new house.
Jane is as old as I am.
Jane gave me the same present as Wendy did.
Jane kicked at our decision.
Jane is absent from school today.
Jane is as beautiful a girl as her sister.
Jane may not be at home now.
I wonder when Jane will come next time.
Jane looks happy.
Jane is not capable of learning from experience.
Jane didn't buy it after all.
Jane may be playing tennis with my brother.
Jane understands your way of thinking.
Jane studied herself in the mirror.
Jane doesn't know as much about Nara as she does about Kyoto.
Jane used to be one of my best friends at school but we've drifted apart over the past few years.
Will Jane sing?
Jane said that it was time to go home.
What did Jean make?
Jean ate the osechi cooking his wife cooked for herself.
Jane is not able to swim.
Has Jane left Japan for good?
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
Jane ran after the deer as fast as possible.
Jane has read "Snow Country" before.
Jane knew a lot about sumo, as if she had seen it before.
Jane was on top of the world when she got a record contract.
If Jane does not rest more, she may have a nervous breakdown.
Jane swims better than Yumi.
Jane won't come to meet me any more.
Jane is not so tall as Mary.
Jane was about to leave the house.
Jane has it in for Bob because he didn't help her.
Jane is loved by Peter.
Jane has five handbags.
Jane spent a very flat weekend.
Jane looks very happy.
Jane is very pretty and kind.
Jane looks very pale.
Jane sometimes runs to school.
Jane didn't play tennis, did she?
Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake.
Jane must stop giving way to her desire for chocolate.
Jane is a most charming girl.
Jane is not such a bad sort.
Jane will be excited to see the flowers.
Jane wanted an ice cream cone.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
Jane got too nervous when her turn came, and she blew her lines.
Jane saw the students acting well on the stage.
Jane can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
Jane is as clever as any girl in her class.
Jane will never forget this past year. Neither will we.
Jane was fuming.
Jane swims like a brick.
Jane grew taller than her mother.
Don't you think Jane takes after her father?
Jane went to the bank to take out some money.
Jane was billed to appear as Ophelia.
Jane will get straight A's.
Jane comes from Australia.
Jane always made out that she was very rich.
Jane was quite at a loss when and where to go.
Jane wishes she could see sumo in England.
Jane experienced many things in a year. So did I.
Jane wore the same ribbon as her mother did.
Jane calls a spade a spade.
Jane is no less beautiful than her mother.
I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech.
Jane's dream was to find herself a sugar daddy.
Jane is more attractive than Susan.
It was a week before Jane got over her cold.
I am looking at the pictures of Jane.
Jane didn't die a natural death.
What Jane said made the atmosphere less tense.
This racket of Jane's is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
This necklace of Jane's is a gift from her grandmother.
Jane's farewell speech made us very sad.
Jane has a lot of clothes to wash.
Jane has a Japanese friend who speaks English well.
Jane no longer needed an explanation of Mt. Fuji.
She can't ski any more than Jane can.
Can you tell Jane from her twin sister?
Jane and I play the piano very well.
Jane and Mary are always competing for attention.
Jane Smith works very hard at her office.
It took Jane twenty hours to fly to Japan.
If Jane had not come to our home by car, I would have served her amazake.
Jane came to our town three years ago.
Jane had hardly entered the room when the students gathered around her.
Why did Jane go to the station?
It was too difficult for Jane to go to school alone.
Jane cannot have said such a thing.
You come here, Jane, and you go over there, Jim.
What's the matter, Jane? You look like you aren't feeling well.
We elected James chairman.
James was caught in a shower.
James Gould found them in bees too.
I had a call from James out of the blue.
Shakespeare created many famous characters.
Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and comedy.
Shakespeare knew only a little Latin, but he put the little he knew to very good use.
Shakespeare compared the world to a stage.
In Shakespeare's time, in the sixteenth century, tennis was very popular at the English court.
Shakespeare is too hard to read.
No dramatist can compare with Shakespeare.
Talking of Shakespeare, have you ever read his work?
Jane brushed the tears from her eyes.
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
Jane married young.
Jane offered to take care of our children when we were out.
I haven't heard from Jane since she moved to Tokyo.
James Bond was always depicted as a high roller in his movies.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
Shakespeare is recognized to be the greatest dramatist.
I believe Shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that ever lived.
Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has ever produced.
Shakespeare is a great poet.
Shakespeare was a contemporary of Marlowe.
Shakespeare is the author of Hamlet.
Shakespeare is as great a dramatist as ever lived.
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.
Shakespeare, whose plays are world-famous, lived some four hundred years ago.
Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has produced.
The plays of Shakespeare fall into four periods.
Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
Jean is something less than an expert pianist.
Jean and Kate are twins.
It is easy to work in jeans.
Jeans go with everything.
Is it OK if I go in jeans?
The jeans looked none the cleaner for having been washed.
The coelacanth inhabits the deep sea.
We are sold out of jeans.
I got a hole in my jeans.
Move the knob at the side of the seat forwards, collapse the seat.
Please adjust the seat to fit you.
Fasten your seat belt, please.
Please fasten your seat belt and observe the "no smoking" sign until it is turned off.
Please fasten your seat belt.
Fasten your seat belt.
Please fasten your seat belts and prepare for departure.
Hotels are cheaper in the off season.
Remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened.
Caesar leaves Gaul, crosses the Rubicon, and enters Italy.
The Secret Service has to answer for the safety of the president.
I'll give you Dr. Shiegal's telephone number.
I want to go to Seattle.
The samples were collected from two hundred medical institutions all over the world.
If you would like to have a sample, please let us know.
To San Francisco, please.
Welcome to San Francisco.
San Francisco is a city of great beauty.
San Francisco is on the West Coast of the U.S.
What time is it now in San Francisco?
San Francisco is only one-tenth as populous as New York.
What time do we get to San Francisco?
What a beautiful city San Francisco is!
It's an African country, so you may think the climate is very hot.
I'm from Zambia.
Sandra eats all Japanese food except natto.
Sandra takes a slice of bread and a cup of coffee for breakfast.
Sandra has grown up to be a beautiful woman.
Sandra offered me her seat on the train.
Sandra spent twice as much as I did.
I do not want any sandwiches.
How long would a sandwich take?
Which are heavier, sandwiches or onigiris?
Two tickets to San Diego, please.
I don't believe that Santa Claus is imaginary.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
I give a good scolding.
Sunglasses protect our eyes from the sun.
The monkey came down.
Cool fall is here.
Monkey see, monkey do.
A monkey is mature at a few years old.
We saw a troop of monkeys moving from tree to tree.
Sally didn't exactly agree with Bill, but she supported him.
Sally gave him a Christmas present.
Sally recalled the days when her grandma was strong and healthy.
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Sally has been on a diet since last month.
Sally and I work in the same office.
Sally gave me a good piece of information.
Sally continued to make excuses and blamed the dog.
Sally was very sad about not going home for the holidays.
Sally met Harry at the station.
Sally missed two weeks of school, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
Beth argued that Sally was only pretending to be innocent.
Sally earns her living by giving piano lessons.
Sally called on Mr Taylor.
Sally admitted that she borrowed the scarf but said she was not guilty.
Sally was constantly changing her hairstyle.
Sally exchanged a twenty-dollar bill for five-dollar bills.
Sally's classmates are always making a fool of her.
Sally Palmer is not a woman to be trifled with.
Please take the dishes away.
White-collar workers face many difficulties.
Sarah was at a low ebb for several weeks after her mother died.
Sarah demanded that she be given a refund.
Sarah gets very bored listening to her grandparents rambling on about old times.
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
For further information, see page 16.
Another ten years went by quickly.
Do you have any further questions?
For further inquiries, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 0120-00-0000.
As more time passed, these Creoles became separate languages: Spanish, French, Italian, etc.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
To make matters worse, it began to rain.
To make matters worse, there were signs of a fearful storm.
Further study will prove that the theory is right.
To make matters worse, it began to snow.
To make matters worse, he fell ill.
To make matters worse, he began to drink sake.
To make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
To make matters worse, it began snowing.
To make matters worse, his mother became ill.
To make matters worse, it began to thunder fiercely.
Again, there is another side to the story.
Still others simply travel around America in recreational vehicles, seeing parts of the country they had been too busy to see before.
Still others are traders who have always lived by trading and continue to follow their traditional ways.
And in the Indian Ocean, some islands of the Maldives will disappear completely beneath the water.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
About two miles farther on, the road bent to the right.
Another ten minutes' walk brought us to the shore.
In addition, there have been changes in husband-wife relationships.
The best efforts of the human race, in addition, were necessary to assist the gods in their cosmic task.
Where a painting's general sense seems clear, moreover, the exact decoding of its content remains in doubt.
In addition many groups have been formed so that the elderly can socialize with one another and remain active participants in American life.
Help yourself to the salad.
Would you like some salad?
Please help yourself to the salad.
I want Italian dressing on my salad.
There's no salad oil left.
I must say good-bye to you.
She just said good-bye and hung up the phone.
Good-bye, take it easy.
Don't go off without saying good-by.
I'll be seeing you.
Goodbye till tomorrow.
So long, have a good time.
Goodbye, Sayoko.
He studied hard; otherwise he would have failed again.
Otherwise he would not have won the first prize.
Otherwise you won't get there before dark.
Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound.
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
A shark snapped the man's leg off.
Sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent.
Sam helps whoever asks him to.
Sam is familiar with things Japanese.
Sam is earnest about his work.
Sam is serious about his work.
Sam has promised to pay the money at the end of the month.
Sam owns a fishmonger's business.
Sam made the school basketball team.
Sam went skiing in January.
Sam is two years younger than Tom.
Sam couldn't figure out how to use the machine.
Sam has already done his homework.
Sam keeps waiting for his ship to come in.
Sam is a philosopher, isn't he?
Sam joined the army when he was eighteen.
I tried to persuade Sam to give up his plan, only to fail.
Sam doesn't have the stamina to finish a marathon.
Sam owes what he is today to his father.
It was strictly a family affair for Sam Jones.
Tom, don't you leave me.
Sam, what are you doing?
Sam, don't!
Sam, this is gonna take you hours.
The summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda.
After the summit, President Mitterand said that he dissociated himself from the statement.
It is in this room that the summit will be held.
I'm drowning in sadness falling far behind.
To John, Sammy was an ideal singer.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica.
Many forms of life are disappearing.
Oil is necessary to run various machines.
That serves you right.
At the summer camp, she was in charge of the group I belonged to.
Take a look at the FAQ before you call tech support.
If you are going to the safari park, take the No.5 bus.
Better wear out than rust out.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
As rust eats iron, so care eats the heart.
The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
The Sahara is a vast desert.
Well, let's get down to business.
Now let's return to the main problem of education.
We now turn to a different problem.
Let's go on to the next subject.
Now, you ask me if I've flown a major airline.
So you are back again.
Now, look at the picture, every one.
Now everything is fixed.
Now, said Mr Wood.
Now here is a story about a Japanese girl named Haru-chan.
Now, before I say any more, listen to this;
Now let us get down to a serious talk.
Now, I would like you to imagine a map of Great Britain.
Well, let's have lunch.
Where do you want to go for our first lesson?
Now stop asking questions, Pip. I'm busy.
But now to our next topic.
Now I'll introduce my parents to you.
Well, let's start our work.
Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus.
Well, I'm afraid I must be leaving. I had a nice time.
Now, I put this card into the hat. See?
Now, think about England and Wales, and imagine them divided into smaller parts.
Now you must answer some big questions.
Now, what is your opinion?
Don't let the cops find a heater on you.
At a rough estimate, I would say the job will take two weeks.
She grabbed a shower.
I will set about my task at once.
Dig in your homework now.
Do your homework without delay.
We'd better get a move on.
Slip on your shoes.
Let's complete this picture quickly.
You should be frank, and they will treat you as a friend.
The telephone was just ringing, wasn't it?
Mary was looking for you at that time.
It's hard to believe it was so clear and sunny up to just now.
You kept nodding off during that lecture, didn't you?
That move was a big mistake.
I'm getting tired of driving on this winding road.
That person has had an odd grin on his face for a while. What do you suppose is behind it?
As a soccer player he is second to none.
Let's play soccer.
It is interesting to play soccer.
Do you play soccer or rugby?
A ball hit the back of my head while I was playing soccer.
Soccer is more popular than baseball.
Soccer is not necessarily confined to men.
Soccer is very popular among Japanese students.
Soccer is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
Soccer is an exciting game.
Soccer is the most popular in Brazil.
In my opinion, soccer is a great sport.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
Soccer is an exciting sport.
Please explain the rules of soccer to me.
The soccer team is led by Tom.
I am really into soccer.
Of soccer and rugby, I prefer the latter.
The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
A soccer team consists of eleven players.
I like soccer best.
Satan's ghost awakes.
It must have been a shock to you.
You must be very hungry now.
I dare say you are tired.
Like the great scholar that he was, he answered the question easily.
Excellent! It's just like you to come through like that.
That's just what one would expect of him.
I'd rather you didn't, if you don't mind.
For the time being, she is clerking in a department store.
There will be no big typhoon for the moment.
For the moment, we want to postpone making a decision.
I have nothing to tell you for the moment.
This will do us for the present.
We will leave this question aside for the moment.
We should wait here for the moment.
Let me donate what little money I have with me.
Sazae is always forgetting her own phone number.
It is a trivial matter.
Don't let a little quarrel come between us.
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.
Cherries are ripe in June or July.
The cherry trees were in flower.
Sakura's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
I crunch through the snow.
I have in-growing eyelashes.
His affection for Saori was not reciprocated.
Don't interrupt me but hear me out, please.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
You must look over the contract before you sign it.
Will you sign it for me?
Please refrain from smoking until the sign is turned off.
Fortunately, the fire was put out before it became too serious.
Welcome to Cyberspace!
He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
The siren blew.
My side mirror is out of alignment.
I'd like some cider, please.
Are these all the sizes you have?
Do you know your size?
Size 9, I think.
Cycling is good exercise. Moreover, it doesn't pollute the air.
Which do you like better, cycling or jogging?
Now tell me.
Here we are at Himeji Station.
Here we were at Tokyo Station.
Here we are!
Come on, answer quickly.
Here we are at Ueno Station.
Everything is ready now for our start.
Let's start now, and you go first.
Let's be off now.
Now let's begin the game.
Shall we begin?
Let's get down to work.
Let's go at our work.
Now, let's turn to work.
Let's get down to business.
It's now my turn.
Come on! I can't wait any more.
Come on, Ken.
Tell me. I'm all ears.
Here we are at the theater.
Let's sing a song.
Hurry up, you lot!
You have to investigate that problem.
Service industries include communication, transportation, distribution, finance and a host of other areas which do not involve production of goods.
Service economy is a useful labor that does not produce a tangible commodity.
The restaurant can't be matched for good service.
No other hotel can beat this one for service.
We complained about the poor service.
Everything is ready now for the party.
Here comes the bus.
Is something going on with your server?
Do come in!
The server was down.
I can't check my mail. The server is down.
Down come the rain in torrents.
Well, let's get the ball rolling.
Come on, sit down and rest your weary legs.
It poured down.
Do stop talking and listen to the music.
Come on! I will best you.
Everyone turned out for the circus.
The circus amazed and delighted the children.
The clown at the circus pleased my children.
The circus sea lion did a trick.
The visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children.
Would you like a cup of tea now?
Circuses offer toys for prizes.
Step right up, gents, and say what you'll have.
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
Come along.
Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
Now eat your supper.
Let's play baseball!
Come on, wake up.
Now, go about your study.
Come on in!
Here we are at Tokyo Station.
Let me fill up your glass, Mr Nakauchi.
This is it.
Now, I'll take your temperature.
Now let's talk it up.
Let's do some boxing.
Let's get out of the car now.
Let's look it up in the dictionary.
Come on, children, it's time for bed.
Let's get going.
Now, let's begin our job.
Now let's get down to work.
Here we go.
Now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet.
Let's get the show on the road.
C'mon guys, this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little.
The ball is with you.
Anybody who shows up late has to chug!
Come on! We'll be late.
Come on, get up.
Now, go have a good time.
Here we are at the station.
Try and swim!
Let's drink the night away.
Now, listen to the doctor, or you won't get well.
Here we are finally at the airport.
Come on, try again.
Now folks, let's go on.
Let's all go to an all-you-can-eat Yakiniku restaurant.
Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
Here comes a bus. We might as well take it.
Come on, Tony.
Let's break up the party.
Now, are you going back to your room or not?
Here, please have a seat.
It's time to hit the books.
Come on, get it off your chest.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
Now give attention to what I am going to say.
Now, resume reading where you left off.
Come on, take it easy. Chances are in your favor.
Now, go have a good time. The work can wait.
Let's meet Edgar Degas and look at his pictures with him.
Oh, off with you.
Do you have a number where we can contact you?
I hope to hear from you.
Please give my kind regards to your parents.
Are your parents in now?
How are your parents getting along?
Did your parents approve of your marriage?
Which of your parents do you think you take after?
Give my regards to your parents.
Give my best respects to your parents.
Give my best regards to your parents.
Remember me to your parents.
Didn't your parents give you anything?
I'm still alive, and that's the main thing, Father says.
We shall be pleased to comply with your request.
I'll make every possible effort to meet your request.
In accordance with your request, I enclose a picture of myself.
A map is available upon request.
We cannot meet your demands.
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.
Are you being waited on?
Have you been waited on?
Is anybody waiting on you?
Please call me up if you want me.
Can I tell my father what you want?
Do you have a reservation?
Your friendship means much to me.
Sorry to trouble you, but can you help me?
I am sorry to trouble you.
I'm very sorry to have troubled you.
I'm sorry to trouble you.
Sorry to bother you, but I'm afraid something urgent has come up.
Far be it for me to trouble you, but I must ask you something.
I am sorry to have troubled you.
I really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to.
If it's not too much trouble, I would like some help.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
God grant that you come home safe and sound.
I am sorry I did not write to you for such a long time.
I am as much in the wrong as you are about not writing before this.
It has been a long time since I wrote you last.
I'll bring the book back to you tomorrow.
I must think it over before answering you.
The favor of a reply is requested.
It is nice of you to hold a door open for a lady.
Ladies first.
Your bereavement saddens me.
Please come over with your wife.
I hear you have been sick.
Wash your hands before eating.
Do you have rice?
Do you know how to cook rice well?
I'll have rice, miso soup and natto.
Rice is good with miso soup.
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
I will leave it to your judgement.
Let's throw it away and start over with a clean slate.
The same to you.
You may have it for the asking.
Please accept my sympathies.
I'll be happy if you will come with me.
Boarding will be at six-forty.
Please have your boarding pass ready. Thank you.
Welcome aboard!
Please visit us at your convenience.
Make contact when it is convenient.
At your convenience.
Why don't you drop in for tea at your convenience?
Please come when it is convenient.
Would you meet with us at a time that is convenient for you?
Please call me whenever it is convenient to you.
Do come if you can!
May I take a message for him?
Can I take a message?
It is highly regrettable that your request was considered to be unacceptable.
Will you please provide more details about your proposal?
I'm glad your book was received kindly by the press.
Please give me your attention.
May I take your order?
We will ship the product immediately after receiving your order.
We will confirm your order as follows.
May I have your order, please?
Can I take your order now?
Are you ready to order?
This is the last order.
Are you ready to order now?
We are very sorry that your order was damaged.
Would you like to order?
Tell me when you'd like to order.
May we look forward to receiving your order?
I'll do as you advise.
Save your appetite for the big dinner.
What's the purpose of your visit?
May you be happy!
Please accept my condolences on the death of your father.
Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
You know, there are more and more old people.
As you know, we were late due to the heavy rain.
UN, as you know, stands for the United Nations.
This only takes quarters, you know.
As you know, life is comparable to a voyage.
I want to congratulate you on your graduation.
I leave it to your imagination.
I'll leave it up to your imagination.
As your goods for which you are charging us were imperfect, we will not pay this account.
Our catalog will be sent on demand.
I do hope you'll succeed.
I wish you every success.
Let me congratulate you on your success.
May you succeed!
A thousand thanks for your kindness.
I am grateful to you for your kindness.
Thank you for your kindness.
I'm quite aware of your kindness.
I shall never forget your kindness.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I am so much obliged to you for your kindness.
I'm very much obliged to you for your kindness.
I wish to express my deep appreciation for your kindness.
I cannot thank you enough for all your kindness.
I cannot thank you enough for your kindness.
It is kind of you to help me.
Your kindness overwhelms me.
I'm afraid I'm imposing on your hospitality.
I appreciate your kindness.
It's kind of you to say so.
Thank you very much kindly.
How nice of you!
I'm much obliged to for your kindness.
I acknowledge your kindness.
Thank you for your concern.
It was very kind of you to invite me.
Thank you for inviting me.
You see, he is a good baseball player.
What line of work are you in?
I am much obliged to you for your help.
I cannot thank you enough for your assistance.
I am more than grateful to you for your help.
I greatly appreciate your advice.
Please sign your name here.
Let me know your departure in advance.
Let me know the time you are leaving.
Write your address, please.
Thank you for making the arrangements.
Is the master of the house at home?
I believe he'll be with us today.
I recommend a thorough checkup for your husband.
Please give my best regards to your husband.
I understand you wish to contact your husband.
In respect to your question, I have nothing to say.
Help yourself to the fruit.
Please feel free to link to my page.
Please help yourself to the desserts.
Help yourself.
Please help yourself to the apple pie.
He thus revealed his glory.
Please make sure that your seat belt is securely fastened.
Did you plan it yourself?
Why don't you make it yourself?
Would it inconvenience you to go yourself?
What's your home phone number?
Please accept our heartiest congratulations on the marriage of your son.
For your information.
We look forward to your entries.
Thank you very much for attending.
I congratulate you on your engagement.
I'm familiar with your name.
I wish you good luck.
I appreciate what you've done for me.
I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness.
I'm deeply grateful for your kindness.
I appreciate your thoughtfulness.
For your consideration.
Here's to your health!
May you be blessed with good health.
Are you married or are you single?
I wish you great happiness in your marriage.
I would like to extend our best wishes on your marriage.
We have just received an inquiry from Kansas concerning your brother.
You must keep in with your neighbors.
Thank you for your trouble.
Thank you in advance for your help.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation in advance.
I really appreciate your cooperation.
Thank you for your kind assistance.
I appreciate your cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation.
How do you feel today?
I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
When you decide which plan you want, please notify us in writing.
I'll see if there's anything I can do.
I'll try to meet your wishes.
Please confirm.
Did you bring your family with you?
Do you have a family?
How about your family?
Please remember me to your family.
How's your family?
Give my love to your family.
Give my best regards to all your family.
How's it going with your family?
Please remember me to all your family.
I'd rather not.
I appreciate your help.
I regret that I can't help you.
I am grateful to you for your help.
We appreciate your help.
Congratulations on your promotion.
How about having dinner together?
Won't you have tea with us?
Won't you have some tea with me?
Would you care to join me?
It is regrettable that I can't go with you.
I am only too glad to be with you.
"May I go with you?" "Of course."
How many are there in your party, sir?
If you change your address, please let me know.
I am willing to agree to your request.
The sunshine penetrated the thick leaves of the trees.
Don't run on your sentences with commas.
The computer terminals were lined up in one long row.
IBM has the lion's share of the large computer market; nobody else even comes close.
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
The computer industry is enjoying a boom.
I shopped around for my computer and ended up paying $200 less than David.
We are looking for somebody who can use a computer.
If you use a computer, you can retain information.
Computers will save you much time and energy when you deal with figures and graphs.
Computers will save you a lot of time.
They might pay me more if I could use a computer.
Computer users have so many buzzwords, it's a wonder if anyone else can understand them.
In order to use a computer, you must learn to type.
He located the computer, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
A computer is a complex machine.
Computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second.
A computer can calculate very rapidly.
The computer is a relatively recent invention.
The computer is placed to the left of the women.
Computers are difficult, so I get confused.
Computers are used to send messages by e-mail.
Computers can be thought of as mere calculating machines.
Computers can save us a lot of time and trouble.
Computers can give us facts, but they can't give us experience.
The computer is a recent invention.
The machine again made the usual noise and printed out the following analysis.
The computer has made a great impact on modern life.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.
Computers have made rapid progress.
Computers are of great use.
Computers are constantly being improved.
Computers have invaded every field.
Computers caused a great, if gradual, change.
The more I studied computers, the more interesting I came to find it.
The spread of computers.
Knowledge of computers is basic to all sciences.
Do you know how to operate a computer?
The use of electronic computers is growing rapidly.
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers.
It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
The operation of a computer keyboard requires less effort than that of a manual typewriter.
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
Compared to a computer, a word processor has a single purpose.
Put all the books about computers together.
What kinds of things do you have on the computer?
I feed data into a computer.
If you don't know anything about computers, you're really behind the times.
Computers can do the job with ease.
Japan disproved phony accusations of computer chip dumping.
Computers are really selling like hotcakes.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
Computers have changed the industrial picture considerably.
My computer is out of order, and I have to get it repaired.
The computer broke down.
Computers are being introduced into this company.
There is a labor shortage of computer programmers.
The computer system shuts down automatically at 8pm.
I am able to buy anything in a convenience store.
Hi, George! How's it going?
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible car.
Hi! I'm Ichirou Tanaka. Nice to meet you.
Hi! Thanks for flying with us. How are you today?
Hi! What is the purpose of your visit in America, sir?
Good day. How are you today?
Hi, Roger. I'm pretty good!
Hi, Mimi! How are you doing?
Hi, my name is Ken Saitou.
Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
Hello, Tom.
Hi, Susan. How are you?
Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
Hi, how are you, everyone?
Hi! Do you work here?
Such extravagance is beyond my reach.
I have no idea what he has in mind, rejecting such a favorable proposal.
We might as well eat dog food as eat such a dish.
He must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather.
I cannot entertain such a request.
What did they add this needless function for?
Hey! I don't want any crank calls - not at this hour.
It is not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
What is the good of reading such books?
It is no use reading such a book.
I've never tasted anything as unusual as this.
You were thoughtful to remember me in this way.
In this way, we waste a lot of time.
Do it this way.
This is the way he treated me.
I can't put up with these insults.
Never have I read so terrifying a novel as this.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
This is the prettiest sunset I have ever seen.
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Do not read books in such a dim room.
It's impossible to work in a room this dim.
I don't feel like going out on such a day.
Who'd have thought this is how the pieces fit?
I'd rather stay home than go out in this weather.
I have some doubts about his coming in this weather.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
It may not be amiss to give this advice.
I can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
Such a man cannot be relied upon.
This warm weather is abnormal for February.
There's nothing to make such a fuss about.
I've never had such a large sum of money.
Such a big gift is a white elephant to us.
You needn't have bought such a large house.
It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
I've never seen such a giant watermelon!
This is the largest temple that I've ever seen.
How are you going to spend such a large amount of money?
We can not carry on conversation in such a noisy room.
You mustn't miss seeing this wonderful film.
I've never been to such a nice party.
I never dreamed of there being such a quiet place.
I didn't foresee this turn of events.
What on earth are you doing in such a lonely place?
I'm ashamed to go out dressed like this.
Where on earth do you suppose she is going in the dead of night?
It is hard to get along on this small income.
Let's stop this fruitless discussion.
I wanna get out of here!
You had better not walk around in such a place.
This is a daily occurrence.
I can't stand being cooped up in this prison!
Will I make it through?
It's about time we did away with this outdated law.
I think it strange that there is no one on the street at this time of the day.
Where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day?
Such a judge should retire from his job before retirement age.
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me!
You're crazy to buy such an expensive bike.
I had no idea it would be such an expensive restaurant. I feel like I'm out of place.
You are an idiot to go out in this weather.
I'd never seen such expansive scenery.
Never have I been so happy.
Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
Your parents are not to blame for such a result.
This knot will not hold.
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
I've never heard anything more dreadful.
We should do away with this regulation.
Did you ever hear of such a strange custom?
Who doesn't know such a simple proverb?
I can't drink such sweet stuff.
This is the coldest weather in ten years.
It's foolish for you to swim when it's this cold.
You'd better not go out in this cold weather.
There is no going out on such a cold day.
I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
I don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day.
I look for all the world like an athlete in this outfit, but the truth is I don't do any sports at all.
Pardon me for being in this dress.
Having this meeting isn't going to do the trick, is it?
I wouldn't dream of going on a picnic on such a rainy day.
We have no chance against those top players.
I often stumble over something as I am blind as a bat in the dark.
What do you need sunglasses for in such a dark place?
You had better not go out in this bad weather.
There is no going out in this stormy weather.
I can't get by on such a small income.
I feel like playing golf on such a lovely day.
You cannot expect such a good chance again.
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
I should not have bought such a thing.
I am glad I did not buy such a thing.
I can do without this.
"Put this stuff away at once!" she yelled in a rage.
I've botched things up so bad I wish I could find a hole to climb into.
It's so odd talking in the dark like this.
I have a strong objection to being treated like this.
This is the way in which it happened.
This is how they catch an elephant alive.
This is how I made it.
This is how I solved the difficult problem.
This is how we reached the conclusion.
This is the way in which we can become acquainted with one another.
I would rather die than have such a terrible experience.
Mother told me that I had better not go out in such bad weather.
I'm ashamed to ask you such a silly question.
I hope it will be the only one.
I've never seen anything like this before.
Never have I seen such a peaceful scene.
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
I have seldom seen such a beautiful sunset as this.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sight.
Never have I seen such a beautiful picture.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I must apologize for not having written for such a long time.
I've never seen a pearl of such magnitude!
How can I work with all these papers everywhere?
More people came to the party than I had bargained for.
Jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work.
Anyone would find it hard to run on such a hot day.
This intense heat doesn't seem to bother you.
How am I to pay such a debt?
There is no going out on such a stormy day.
With it raining like this, we'll never be able to leave.
Death is preferable to such suffering.
This is the first time I've seen such a dreadful movie.
I haven't had such a good time in years.
It's convenient living so close to the station.
This pen is a real bargain at such a low price.
You should not climb the mountain in such bad weather.
This is the most exciting book that I have ever read.
I had no idea it'd be this beautiful.
It is bad of me to have kept you waiting so long.
You have all these books!
I'm really glad to have had such an enjoyable time.
What a good scholar the author must be to write such a splendid book!
You mustn't miss such a good opportunity.
I'm really happy to have had such a great time.
I'm sorry to trouble you so much.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
She must be kind-hearted to send you such a pretty doll.
Never have I read such an interesting story.
I've never eaten anything as delicious as this.
Have you ever listened to such a good music?
You had better not wander around here by yourself.
I never expected this fine hotel to be found in such a place.
Fancy meeting you here!
Never did I dream that I would meet you here.
Fancy meeting you here.
He said he wanted to put an end to such a trifle.
I'm sick of this hand-to-mouth existence.
I never saw such a splendid sunset.
Who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this?
I hope this fine weather holds.
You must not miss seeing this wonderful film.
Did you ever see such a film?
I've never seen a shot like that.
It is very kind of you to send me such a nice present.
You may not believe this, but I don't drink at all.
This is the first time.
He must be stupid to believe such a thing.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
He must be a fool to do such a thing.
It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
Will you give me your reasons for doing this?
Please accept what little comfort these words can give you.
You might not believe what I'm about to tell you, so don't be surprised.
Did you ever hear of such a thing?
You may depend on it that it won't happen again.
This is totally unacceptable.
I never thought it would wind up like this.
I'm sorry it worked out this way.
See to it that this never happens again.
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
Even this cable cost me 6000 yen.
I don't dare ask such a silly question.
It is criminal to pay so much money for such trifles.
Never did I see such a beautiful sunset.
I can't stand an awful sweat like this.
Such playfulness is characteristic of Mr Baker.
Have you ever tasted such a good soup?
Such treatment would make anybody rebel.
It's a pity for you to have to stay indoors in this weather.
Condors have never bred in zoos.
Whose turn is it next?
This time I'll try it.
I am to visit my uncle in Shizuoka next Sunday.
What are you going to do next Sunday?
You must put up with your new post for the present.
Prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest.
I'm looking for my contact lens.
May I have a pair of contact lenses?
I fell asleep with my contacts in.
Have you found your contact lenses?
I can't get my contacts out.
I hurt my eye when my contact slipped out of place.
Can you secure me two good seats for the concert?
The concert hall was alive with fans.
There was a large audience in the concert hall.
Did you have a good concert?
The concert was short, but it was really good.
What time is the concert?
How did you enjoy the concert?
The concert starts at seven. We must not be late.
The concert was held over till the following week because of the singer's illness.
We have a little time before my concert.
Will you get me a ticket for the concert?
It was lucky that we got the tickets for the concert.
I had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert.
To talk during a concert is rude.
I noticed several people sleeping during the concert.
I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
I wish I had bought a concert ticket.
Are tickets for the concert available here?
Those present at the concert were surprised by his performance.
If he could go to the concert, he would be glad.
I absolutely love going to concerts not just because I get a chance to meet the musician or singer but because of the wondrous feeling of a live performance.
What do you say to going to the concert?
I'll be back in thirty minutes so I'll be in time for the concert.
Will we be in time for the concert?
There were so many people at the concert.
There were many people at the concert.
I was surprised to see so many people at the concert.
I want to talk to the famous pianist before his concert.
I was surprised because the concert ended all too soon.
Concrete can be reinforced by putting steel bars inside it.
I could not speak from fear.
Keep hold of my hand if you're afraid.
Detective Columbo is always in a frayed raincoat.
Columbus argued that the earth was round.
Columbus believed that the Earth was round.
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.
Columbus proved that the world is not flat.
Columbus sailed farther west to look for a new continent.
Columbus secured this region of interests.
Columbus discovered America.
Columbus discovered America in 1492.
Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
We learned that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
I'll find a good time to tell Father about it.
This is for free.
It's true.
This is an ancient law.
Here is a present for your birthday.
Whose book is this?
Can I put this up for you?
If you continue to remain silent, I'll lose my temper.
Try to avoid making any more trouble.
Please don't be sad any more.
There is no use waiting for her any longer.
It's fruitless to press him further.
It'll be a waste of time if we wait for them any longer.
It is no use talking with them any longer.
It seems a waste of time to wait any longer.
It's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer.
It's a waste of time to stay longer.
Can't you go on any longer?
No more of your cheek or I'll hit you!
I have no further questions.
Don't run after me any more.
Don't live off your sister any more.
I can't take any more work.
I don't want to take on any more work.
I have nothing more to say.
We can not reasonably ask more.
We couldn't be happier for you.
I can't thank you more.
What more could I want?
I don't want to lie anymore.
Don't give me any more trouble.
Is this the last price?
No more can be said.
A further reduction would make us go into the red.
If you request a further discount, we suggest changing the terms of payment.
Further assistance is not forthcoming.
He cannot wish for anything better.
This is as good as any.
I'll give you anything but this.
There is no more disagreeable thing than this.
Don't turn up the volume of TV anymore.
There is no use discussing the matter further.
I can't bear the noise any longer.
I will not dwell any longer upon this subject.
I can't put up with the heat any longer.
You had better consult the doctor.
I refuse to obey you any longer.
Beyond this I know nothing.
I will do anything but this.
May I leave this with you?
Could you keep this for me?
I'd rather throw it away than give it to him.
If you buy this, I will give you a fifteen percent discount.
I'll take it.
Can you deliver that?
May I have this for two or three days?
Fax this to this number in Tokyo, please.
Please fix this.
Try this on. It's your size.
This is what I was waiting for.
Please send this by special delivery.
Send this by special delivery.
This is my choice.
Please send this by sea mail.
Please change this for a blue one.
Can I eat this?
Cut this into very fine pieces.
You wanna help me lift this up?
Are you going to send this by parcel post?
Can you change this into small money?
I want to exchange this for a smaller size.
I'll keep this for future use.
How many days will it take if I send this as registered mail?
I'd like to send this by registered mail.
Please write this down.
What are you planning to do after this is over?
Did you sew this by hand?
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
Please pass this on to the next person.
Can I try this on?
May I try this on?
I would be very pleased if you did this for me.
This we can call a work of art.
May I use this?
I'd like three of these.
I bought this yesterday.
Let's try to settle our differences once and for all.
I'll give up drinking once and for all.
Send this by airmail.
The right word for this does not come to me.
Can you cash these for me?
I remember my mother when I see this.
This reminds me of home.
At this, he got up and went out.
Whenever I see this, I remember him.
How astonished I was to see this.
Might I have a look at this?
Can I see this one?
Let this be an example to you.
Who broke this?
There must be some way to solve this.
Please give me help in taking this down.
Put this into English.
Carry this for me.
Turn this to the right, and the machine will start.
The best way to do this is to have all the presents collected in one place until everyone has arrived.
In doing this, we cannot dispense with his help.
Don't you think Tanaka is the one who did it?
I'll take this one.
You'll take this to the post office, won't you?
Please pass this to the other boys.
Please change this into pounds.
Will you translate this into French?
Please send this by Federal Express.
Please change this to dollars.
I'm not certain where this ought to be put.
Where would you like me to put this?
What do you make of this?
Will you type this, please?
Please copy this.
What's the point of doing this?
Can you copy this for me?
On hearing this, he turned pale.
There is none other than you to whom I can leave this.
Could you take this, please?
Can you change this into American dollars?
Take this to your mother.
It is impossible to finish this in two days.
This I have done.
These two countries came to terms with each other for the sake of peace.
These two factors are independent of each other.
These two are widely different from each other.
Of these two opinions, I prefer the latter to the former.
If we take this additional evidence into consideration, the second law must be modified.
These three countries were united into one.
The latter will continue to develop along their own paths according to the needs of their own speakers.
Do you have a little bigger one than these?
These are not sufficient reasons for breaking the promise.
These are cakes of her baking.
Cholera is uncommon in Japan.
These blouses are long sleeved.
There are dangers that threaten both men and women.
Whose paintings are these?
These are very old books.
These are my books; those are his.
These are my books.
There are my sister's magazines.
These are my pencils.
These are our desks.
These are the best bags on the market.
They are memorials.
These are common diseases of children.
What old books these are!
These figures are signs of a family or clan.
These are all much the same.
All these are ways of exceeding the bounds imposed on us by human nature.
What lovely flowers these are!
Whose shoes are these?
This is the most interesting book of all.
These are all quotations from the Bible.
These are as good as those.
Are these yours?
These can be classified roughly into three types.
What good books these are.
These tales have been passed on from generation to generation.
These stories are very interesting to me.
These stories are told in colloquial and everyday language.
Instead of laying off these workers, why don't we just cut their hours?
Divide these apples between you three.
These green leaves turn red in the fall.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
These ideas are embodied in the constitution.
All these eggs are not fresh.
The optimal formula which would encompass all these factors has not been proposed.
These containers are airtight.
We must treat these problems as a whole.
We must not allow these problems to affect the project.
These problems have arisen as a result of indifference.
These matters are of importance to them.
These problems are beyond me.
These problems must be dealt with carefully.
These problems are important to me.
We're getting nowhere with these problems.
These matters are of no importance to me.
These questions can be answered quite simply.
These problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness.
What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
You don't have to answer these questions.
These trees were planted by them.
These tree shut out the view.
Learn these names by heart.
As these trees grow tall, they rob the grass of light.
Read these books, or at any rate this one.
Carry these books back to the bookshelf.
Please classify these books by subject.
Is it okay if I borrow these books?
Tell me where to put these books.
How did you come by these books?
Could you ring up these books for me?
I've read both these books.
These books are used by him.
These books are new.
You can borrow these books from the library for a week.
These books are worth reading at least once.
These books are ours.
These books are my books.
These books are mine.
These books are mine and those books are his.
Are these books Kenji's?
Whose books are these?
These books are accessible to all members.
These books are easier than those books.
These books can be had at that store.
Any of these books will be helpful to you.
Of all these books, this is by far the best on China.
Do you want any of these books?
I don't like any of these hats.
Lend a hand with these parcels, please.
These convenient goods will meet our customers' demands.
These patterns show you how to make sentences.
It is out of the question to learn all these sentences by heart.
These substances are not poisonous in themselves.
The mixture of these substances is dangerous.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
These are on sale everywhere.
These clothes are dirty and need washing.
These unhappy people must be taken good care of.
These items are rather hard to obtain.
These goods are free of duty.
These articles are not for sale.
These goods are greater in quantity than in quality.
Those goods are on approval.
The teacher said we had to learn all these expressions by heart.
These specimens are divided into several categories.
These ungrammatical sentences resulted from the application of the additional rule F.
Take home these paintings of his and tell me what you think of them.
These remarks are related to her proposal.
Thanks to these discoveries, man's life span has become twice as long as before.
These boxes are made of plastic.
If these days are not convenient for you, please let us know.
About 14,000 of these usually have tickets for the Center Court.
These tools are used for building a house.
These implements are in common use.
These tools are badly in need of repair.
Either of these roads leads to the station.
These animals feed on grass.
These animals are very friendly, too.
These legends should be handed down to our offspring.
There points can be brought under the same heading.
These birds migrate to North Africa in winter.
These butterflies are rare in our country.
Do I take choice among these?
These pillars support the stage.
Choose one from among these.
Choose any one from among these.
These cups are all broken.
People in these areas are growing hungrier each year.
These men are the wisest people of the tribe.
Look up these words in the dictionary.
Learn these words, one by one.
Could you teach me how people distinguish between these words in common usage?
There are not many books on these shelves.
These bags are very heavy, so carry one bag at a time.
Please wrap these gifts up together.
These windows are opened by him.
These sea boats are fast enough to stay in a depression for several days.
These lines meet at right angles.
These technical terms derive from Greek.
These blue lines correspond to airlines.
These products are of the same quality.
We have to find a new market for these products.
These creatures evolved from simpler organisms like jellyfish.
These measurements conform to the blueprints.
Add up these figures.
These figures indicate three in five college first-year students are indifferent to politics.
Will you please check these figures?
These diagrams demonstrate different possible approaches to job seeking.
We must deal fairly with these people.
It is not unreasonable to think that these people were excluded from the community.
These men had come to his country in three ships.
Are these gestures used in the USA?
These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
These new cars are on sale.
These foods are associated with ethnic groups.
These plants are resistant to weed killers.
These pills will cure you of your stomach-ache.
What accounts for these symptoms hasn't been discovered yet.
On average, these packages weigh two pounds.
These gadgets seem to be of no use.
Bless these little children.
These goods are free of tax.
These goods were imported from abroad in secret.
These goods are by no means satisfactory.
These goods are available to members only.
These goods may not be available locally.
Choose one from among these prizes.
All these goods are heavily taxed.
These states were united into one nation.
Will you look over these papers?
I'd like you to quickly look over these documents.
Check these papers over.
I would like you to look over these documents.
With respect to these documents, I think the best thing is to destroy them.
Will you remind me to post these letters?
Please get these letters off right away.
These letters, in the main, are from my mother.
These letters can be typed by any secretary.
With respect to these letters, I think the best thing is to burn them.
These hand-made articles differ in quality.
There is no scientific basis for these claims.
These cars are made in Japan.
These cars are big.
These photographs remind me of our holiday.
These pictures are beautiful.
These photos have come out very well.
These questions are easy to answer.
You must answer these questions.
These automobiles, for the most part, are manufactured in Japan.
These watches are more expensive than the ones in that case.
These facts will bear out his story.
These facts bear out my hypothesis.
These facts are certain.
These facts admit of no contradiction.
How do you like these poems?
By whom were these poems written?
Keep to these instructions carefully.
These operations are technically impossible.
Please take these dishes away.
These seats are reserved for old and sick people.
These seats are reserved for old people.
These countries settled the dispute among themselves.
European civilization had its birth in these lands.
By obtaining advanced technology from Japan, those countries also plan to provide people with a technical education.
These countries were often visited with famine.
In these countries hunger is the rule.
These coins are of little value.
There's too much money in these accounts.
Make a sentence with each of these words.
Write these words in your notebook.
These words are derived from the same root.
Many of these words we are unable to recall at will.
Dispose of the old magazines.
We must do away with these old rules.
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
I got these old coins from her.
Even these words will someday disappear.
These buildings need temporary repairs.
We'll put these plans on ice.
None of these plans ever come anywhere near realization.
These shoes vary in size, but not in shape.
These shoes are good for walking in deep snow.
These shoes are mine.
The verdict at issue in these discussions is the one brought in the Lander's trial in 1994.
Bear these rules in mind.
These regulations ought to be observed by the students.
These rules apply to everybody alike.
These rules have been and always will be observed.
These poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
These machines are all worked by electricity.
These machines aren't working now.
Do you know how to run this machine?
These customs differ from those our country.
These infections were caused by contaminated milk.
For these patients, surgical treatment is far from being satisfactory.
These dry sticks catch fire easily.
All of these picture postcards are mine.
These paintings were handed down to me from my father.
These pictures look better at a distance.
These paintings will be left here for posterity.
Do these paintings appeal to you?
These pictures were painted by him.
Do you like any of these pictures?
Would you like some of those pictures?
These fragile items must be insured against all risks.
These answers confuse cause with consequence.
These meetings are carried on entirely in English.
These flowers are the choice of her garden.
These vases must be used carefully.
These flowers bloom in spring.
All those flowers look alike.
Their flowers smell sweet.
These houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy.
These clouds look like a flock of white sheep.
These garments are made of 100 percent wool.
These records will make for a pleasant party.
These records are 2,000 yen each.
I want a basket in which to carry these apples.
These apples are good cookers.
These apples taste good.
The apples will be ripe soon.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Which of these rackets is yours?
These pens are his.
These things constitute a balanced meal.
Whose are these pens?
It is most important to emphasize that none of these processes are conscious.
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
We'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can.
Their dresses are too big.
This data is anything but accurate.
This data supports the hypothesis.
These teacups make a pair.
I will give these tickets to whoever wants them.
His ambition was blasted by these repeated failures.
All these devices are unreliable.
We need to postulate a completely different paradigm to explain all these phenomena.
Their hypothesis is that these strategies may come into conflict with Emmet's theory.
Don't try to do all these things at once.
He will learn these things not so much from what the other man says as from how he says it.
These glasses are beautiful.
Please send details of these courses.
These cakes are good. Please try one.
Their cakes are good.
Note the function of the background layers of these graphic designs.
Please put these glasses away.
These cookies are star-shaped.
These cameras are made in Japan.
These gases can lead to global warming.
These oranges taste good.
These oranges have gone bad.
You can have either of these, but not both.
These elevators are each capable of carrying ten persons.
These dogs are big.
Please set these chairs by the window.
These chairs are by no means satisfactory.
It is not enough to show that these two particles are moving at different speed.
There may be other factors that intervene in the relation between these two constants.
Infect the area with cholera.
I can't memorize so many of these letters.
You cannot do all these things at once.
All of these sports and many others are dominated by the human urge to aim at something.
Of all these cakes I like this one best.
These are the trees on the leaves of which silkworms live.
These two lines cut across each other at right angles.
Can you tell the difference between these two pictures?
No other dog is bigger than this.
No passage this way.
Don't you have anything smaller than this?
We are beginning our descent.
Will the meeting please come to order?
I cannot walk any farther.
Will there ever be a better one?
Would you show me a less expensive camera than this one?
I'd like to try on one size smaller than this.
Can you think of a better idea than this one?
This is an apple, too.
Can I keep this?
Again his father insisted on another private conversation and broke the sad news.
You have to make good the time you have wasted so far.
In all my career as a travel agent, I never visited Africa.
We have all been talking about tomorrow; now let's come down to earth and talk about today.
In all my travels I've never seen a more beautiful mountain than Everest.
I haven't had much time to see Japan.
Never in my life have I thought of leaving the town.
So far I have been getting along well with my friends.
He's never been abroad in his life.
Our company has never had that kind of system, and it's never made us feel uncomfortable.
How often have you been here?
I'd be lying if I said I had never smoked before.
Never in my life have I heard such a thing.
In the past I used to vote for the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republican bandwagon.
So far we have been quite successful.
So far, so good.
Who was the greatest philosopher that ever lived?
So far there has been no news.
So far does anyone have any question?
So far everything has been going well.
So far we have had no news as to which route the expedition has taken.
In the past I used to vote the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republicans' bandwagon.
Have you ever loved a man?
There have been no problems so far.
Haven't I seen you before?
For once in my life I succeeded in getting the better of him.
I've never heard of such a story before.
I've never heard of such a frightening story before.
In honor of all the hard work we raised a toast to our first day in our new home!
This looks like another government cover-up.
Never have I seen a more beautiful sight than this.
Certainly there is nothing that will separate people more, and nothing so easy to slip into.
There is no more important problem than this.
Never have I felt better.
This is the most exciting story that I have ever heard.
Never before have we had such a strong longing for peace.
This is an exceptional case.
This is too good to be true.
This is a green notebook.
This is a letter of Ryo's in his own handwriting.
This is above reason.
This is the calm before the storm.
This is the house which was designed by a famous architect.
This is an effective remedy for crime.
These are gifts for my friends.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
This is the bible of baseball.
This is a wooden house.
This is a wooden comb.
This will set a good example.
This is an interesting story.
This is harmless in itself.
How is it that otherwise reasonable people come to believe that this same roof, that practically vanishing commodity, is freely obtainable just by packing up and going to another country?
This must be a real diamond.
This won't be a real diamond.
This may not be a real diamond.
This can be a real diamond.
This can't be a real diamond.
This was an additional fund for buying books.
This is a book.
This happened under my nose.
This is a souvenir from Hokkaido.
This is a portrait of my late father.
Please accept this as a keep-sake of my husband.
This is a map of Toyono district .
This is a law, so it applies to everybody.
It is something my mother made.
There is nothing wrong with this.
This is important enough for separate treatment.
This is about as many as the United States has.
This isn't any ordinary ability.
This is a story written in simple English.
This is a story written in easy English.
It's like a vendetta now.
Is this a local train?
This is a snapshot of my wife on the beach.
This is worth one million yen.
This is a beautiful flower.
This isn't for sale.
This appears to have been inevitable.
Let's keep this a secret.
This is a secret. Keep it to yourself.
This is a picture of her own painting.
This is her book.
This is her pen.
This is her T-shirt. That T-shirt is hers, too.
This is a doll which she made herself.
This is a bag of her own making.
This is something she has done since she was a child.
This is the diary which she kept.
This is the pencil with which she wrote it.
This was the most interesting book that she had ever read.
This serves to show how honest she is.
This is the picture of his own painting.
This will serve as a check on their work.
This is because their jobs are secure.
This is their house.
This is what they have in common with other peoples.
This may be because they could not use the earth's magnetic field.
This is the house in which they lived when they were children.
This is his eleventh hour.
This is his letter, but it is not signed.
This is by far the most interesting of his novels.
I can see his hand in this.
This will be his car.
This is by far the most interesting of all his novels.
This must be his umbrella.
This is a picture painted by him.
This is too easy for him.
This is the town where he was born.
This is the fish he caught.
This is the village where he was born.
This is the house he was born in.
Can this be his writing?
This is the house in which he lives.
This is a picture of his own painting.
This is a problem of his own making.
This is the pot he treasures most of all.
This is a Christmas present from him.
This is the same camera that he lost.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
This is a very famous haiku poem by Basho.
This is too bright.
This is a sociological study on abortion.
This is a custom peculiar to Japan.
This is a watch made in Japan.
This is a stop watch made in Japan.
This is an error common among Japanese students.
This is a socio-linguistic study on the Japanese language.
This is five thousand yen in the Japanese Yen.
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
This is the flag of Japan.
This is the car made in Japan.
This is a camera made in Japan.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
This is Japan.
This is the second longest river in Japan.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
This is a difficult problem, and it is not easy for anyone to decide.
This is a difficult math problem.
This is a book to read.
This is designed especially for young people.
This is a road map.
This is making me really angry.
This is too good a chance to lose.
He felt that this was too good a chance to miss.
This is an argument material to the question in hand.
This is the best Indian restaurant anywhere in Tokyo.
This is a bus which goes to Tokyo.
This is the heaviest snowfall in thirty years in Tokyo.
This is a picture of the first train that ran between Tokyo and Yokohama.
This is a very rare specimen.
I think this is a case in point.
Does this hurt?
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
This is a strange kind of fish.
This is too long.
This is going to take a long time, said Tony.
This is the pipeline which supplies the town with gas.
This is the worst hotel in town.
This will keep bugs off.
This is a matter worthy of note.
Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
This is a slow but certain way.
This isn't what I ordered.
This is a map.
This is by far the best method.
This is too short.
I should say this is too simple question.
Whose room is this?
I wonder whose car this is.
Whose dictionary is this?
Whose bicycle is this?
Whose car is this?
Whose umbrella is this?
Whose bag is this?
Whose pencil is this?
I wonder whose these scissors are.
Who does this suitcase belong to?
This should be clear to everyone.
This is very useful.
This is too heavy a box for me to carry.
This is a very old book.
This is a very rare case.
This is such an easy problem that any student can solve it.
This is an important theory.
This is an important letter.
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
This is too big.
This is a map of the city of Osaka.
This is a house to let, not to be sold.
This is true in a large number of cases.
This is by far the best of all.
This must be done quite otherwise.
This isn't finished at all.
How did all this come about?
This is really a very strange affair.
This may beat the Dutch.
This is the book that my teacher recommended to me.
It's just too good to pass up.
This is a map of the city of Sendai.
This is a letter from my old teacher.
This is true to life.
I don't think this is a good approach to biology.
This is genuine Kutani-ware. I guarantee it.
This is a book about stars.
This is a story about stars.
This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
That's 20% of the world's population.
This is the biggest car in the world.
This is the third longest river in the world.
This is insoluble in water.
This is a weak tea, isn't it?
This is luxury beyond my income.
This is the very best method.
I might well tell you this.
This is a new kind of melon.
This is a kind of watermelon.
These new shoes already want mending.
This is a kind of food.
This is excellent wine.
This is a direct broadcast from the Showa theater.
This is a good book except for a few mistakes.
This is an exquisite little painting.
This is a small book.
This one is full.
What a revelation!
This is a writing style different from genuine English.
This weighs more than the limit.
This is an important event.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
Since this is important, I'd like you to attend to it yourself.
This is so heavy a box that I can't carry it.
This is a valid point of view.
This is a bit too tight around my neck.
This feels soft and smooth.
This is an interesting case where there is no principal determining element.
This is a great time-saving gadget for the housewife.
This tree is too young to bear fruit.
This is a car for young people.
This is a problem for young people to solve.
This is a map which will be useful when traveling by car.
This is the spitting image of the real thing, perfectly true to life.
This is in effect less expensive than that.
This is an actual happening.
This is too good a chance to miss.
This is the job of my own choice.
This is an automatic door.
This is homemade jam.
I'd like to take this with me.
You can't bring this in.
This is based on fact.
This is a fact, not a fiction.
This is a product of our own creative activity.
This is too small a house for us to live in.
This is beyond the compass of my ability.
This is quite contrary to what I want.
This is little different from what I want.
This is one of the jobs I have to do every day.
This is a picture of my sister.
Here is the fish my mother baked.
This is the village where my father was born.
This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
This is the chance of a lifetime.
This was my first visit to a foreign country.
This is my account book.
This is my bicycle.
This is my dictionary.
This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
This is just the way I like it done.
This isn't my bag.
This is my desk.
This will be a good opportunity for me to use my language skills to my advantage.
This is a picture of my family.
This isn't mine.
This is the same bicycle as mine.
This is my coat, and that is my father's.
This is my bag.
This is the house where my uncle lives.
This was to teach me to think methodically.
This enables me to see and face my present trouble.
This taught me a good lesson.
This is above me.
This didn't fit me very well.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I don't know.
This is the outcome of our research.
This is something we cannot do without.
This is the theater where we see foreign movies.
Here is a present for you in token of our appreciation.
I am not alone in this opinion.
This is what I wanted.
This is the same camera that I lost.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
This is a picture of my own painting.
This is the picture I took in his house.
This is the funniest book in my reading.
This is what I found in the cave.
This is what I've long wanted.
This is the book I've been looking for.
This is the same pencil that I lost the other day.
This is the dress I made last week.
This is a picture I took last week.
This was the first Japanese food I had ever tasted.
This is the same watch that I've lost.
This is the same watch that I have lost.
He is the person to whom I gave my dictionary.
This is a doghouse of my own making.
This is the only camera I've got.
This is the same book as I have.
This is the same car as I have.
This is the same dictionary as I have.
This is the same watch as I have.
This is different from what I expected.
This is the same pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the book which I read last night.
This is the same necklace that I lost yesterday.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
This is the finest picture I have ever seen.
This is the most interesting book I've ever read.
This is the most interesting story that I have ever read.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
This is the strongest dog that I have ever seen.
This is the tallest building that I have ever seen.
This is a plan of my own devising.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
This is what my mother gave me when I got married.
This is the same purse that I lost a week ago.
This is the nicest present I've ever had.
This is the same type of camera as the one I lost.
This is the same dictionary as I lost.
This is the same watch as I have lost.
This is same type of camera as the one I lost.
This is what I bought in Spain.
This is the very last thing I can do for you.
This is the watch I bought yesterday.
This is the camera which I bought yesterday.
This is the same watch that I lost a week ago.
This is the same wallet as I lost a week ago.
This is a book of children's stories.
This is an entertaining program for children.
This is a difficult problem to solve.
This is a good book for children to read.
This is a handy little box.
This is the only thing that was left.
They say this is one of the best books, if not the best.
This is a matter of supreme importance.
This isn't the last train, is it?
This is a matter of capital importance.
I am in a terrible dilemma.
This is a song which is popular now.
This is the best amplifier on the market.
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.
This is all the money I have now.
This is the worst book I've ever read.
This is the best book I have ever read.
This is the best movie I've ever seen.
This is the cutest baby that I have ever seen.
This is the most difficult book I have ever read.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
This is still in daily use.
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
This doesn't fit.
This is a good dictionary for high school students.
It seems to me that this is too expensive.
That is too expensive.
This is the best play imaginable.
These prices are ex-works.
I don't like this. Show me another.
The problem is one of interpreting these ancient scriptures.
This is a universal truth that transcends time.
This is an old book.
This can't be done by individual effort.
This is an old type of American clock.
This is a book on modern English usage.
This is, strictly speaking, a mistake.
This is a dog.
This is very nice to look at.
This is the dog that Ken owns.
This is by no means easy reading.
It's no small matter.
This was an executive decision.
This is a present for you.
This does not square with your story.
This applies to your case as well.
This is true of your case also.
Is this your bicycle?
This is the same camera as yours.
Is this your tape recorder?
This is for you.
This has nothing to do with you.
This is true of you, too.
This is your only chance.
Is this the dictionary which you are looking for?
This will go down in history as the greatest event that has ever taken place.
This is a picture of an airport.
This is a surprising discovery.
Is this an express?
My stars!
I don't like this one; show me another.
I don't like this one.
I don't like this.
Can I carry this on the plane?
This is a desk.
These are the ABCs.
This is a very strange letter.
This is the mistake of the student.
This is a very sturdy chair to sit in.
This is a mistake students are apt to make.
This does not apply to students.
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
This is, indeed, a great piece of news.
I heard this from a safe source.
This is a well shaped pine tree.
This is a well-formed vase.
This is a painting.
This is just the milk run.
This is a picture.
This is a kind of animal that lives in the sea.
This is broken.
Let's just keep this between ourselves, shall we?
This is between ourselves.
The problem affects the prestige of our school.
This is more than I have earned.
This has increased family income.
What heading does this come under?
What are these for?
This makes no sense.
What a pretty flower this is!
What a beautiful flower this is!
What an old book this is!
This is a pencil.
"What's this?" asked Tony.
Is this the street leading to the station?
This is as heavy as lead.
This is a coffee cup made in England.
This is a book about England.
This is an instance of modern British life.
This is a good book for anyone wishing to learn English.
This is a story written in English.
This sees English as a system obeying miles of grammar and sentence structure which have to be learned in detail and applied rigorously.
This is a layer of soil that is permanently frozen, and in some places it's many feet deep.
This is a worthwhile book.
This is a kind of love letter.
This is the same watch as I lost.
This wasn't cheap, was it?
This is a good book, but that one is better.
Is this a radio?
This is a direct road to London.
Is this the train for London?
This is the largest tanker that has ever been constructed in our country.
This is a good textbook.
This is a nice camera.
This is too easy, I guess.
This isn't what was written on the menu.
It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.
This is the picture that Mary painted.
This is Mary's dog.
This is a dress of Mary's own making.
Are these all your belongings?
This is Mr Miller's latest book, and we hope it will not be his last.
That's quite an art.
This is a crude material imported from Malaysia.
I can't make any sense of this.
This is still too good to be thrown away.
This is the very book that I wanted to read.
This is exactly the same camera that I have lost.
This is Mike's bicycle.
This was meant as a joke.
This is a small token of my gratitude.
This is taller than any other tree.
This is a pocket dictionary.
Is this a pen or a pencil?
This is a pen.
This is a novel written by Hemingway.
This is a picture frame made of plastic.
This fits perfectly.
This is the letter written by Mr Brown.
This is a genuine picture by Picasso.
This is a kind of bread.
Aren't you selling this at a discount price?
What an interesting book this is!
What a sad story this is!
What a heavy desk this is!
What a tall tree this is!
What a pretty doll this is!
What kind of stone is this?
What a beautiful rose this is!
What a big book this is!
What a nice cable-car this is!
What an interesting novel this is!
This is a very good tea.
Would you explain what this is?
This is such an easy problem as any student can solve.
Can you tell me what this is?
You can't get this at any bookseller's.
What kind of soup is this?
This is Tony's book.
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
This is an acceptable gift to everyone.
This is very good.
This is a very beautiful flower.
This is a very important meeting.
This is a very new book.
This is a very small book.
This is an extremely important point.
This is a matter of great importance.
This is a very tall tree.
This is a very mild coffee.
Sure, this house is as good as ever. She's built so well we could move her anywhere.
This is such an interesting story I will never forget it.
This is very good ice cream. Won't you have some?
This is a very interesting book.
Where should I put this?
This is a car imported from Germany.
This has got me beat.
This means that our perception of any situation depends only partly on sensory signals being received at that time.
This is just what I wanted.
This smells like cheese.
Whose textbook is this?
Whose word processor is this?
Whose is this bag?
Was this somebody else's idea?
This is a very nice fireplace.
This is a work from Turner's mature period.
This is the very best way to do it.
This is the pen which the famous novelist wrote with.
This is closely bound up with the question.
This question must be discussed separately from that one.
This is a good place to start the analysis.
This is the key for the box.
This is a salmon that came up the river.
This is the window which was broken by the boy.
Is this your copy of the dictionary?
This is the village where the poet was born.
This is an animal found in that desert.
This is an exception to the rule.
This is by far the better of the two.
This is a variety of violet.
This is an immense show.
This is a socio-linguistic study on Steven Emmet.
This was built long ago.
This is a poem written in Scottish dialect.
Is this made in Switzerland?
This feels like silk.
This is the window broken by John.
This is the house that Jack built.
This is Jane's bag.
This is a precious chance to get Sammy's autograph.
This size doesn't fit me.
This is better than any other bag in this store.
This is by far the tallest building in this city.
This is to make up for the last time.
This is the largest dictionary there is in this library.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
This is a plant unique to this country.
I don't think this is the box that this toy came in; it won't fit in.
This has gone out of use here.
This is just among ourselves.
This is Kenji's chair.
This is the desk which Ken uses.
Is this your car?
Is this your bike?
I'm sure it was just a terrible accident.
We hope this will be to your satisfaction.
This is bulky, so I'll send it by home delivery.
This is a little gift for you.
Those are the leftovers from lunch.
This tastes like tea.
This was built some 500 years ago.
Is this the bus to Oxford?
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
This is a superb illustration of how Emmet modified the traditional architectural designs.
This is an example of the survival of the fittest, as it is called.
This is a little bit too loose around my waist.
This is what we call a "brand new idea".
What in the world is this?
What's this in aid of?
This will do for a chair.
I don't think this is a good idea.
This one has a lot of advantages over that one.
This is superior to that.
This looks longer than that, but it is an optical illusion.
This is more expensive than that.
This is smaller than that.
This is twice as large as that.
This one is similar to that one.
This is as large as that.
This one is as good as that one.
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
This is a great invention in a way.
This is a view of the Alps.
This means that if you try to protect yourself too much, you will only make bigger mistakes.
This is too hard a problem for me to solve.
This movie is not anything like as exciting as that one.
This letter is addressed to you.
This may be of use to you.
Is this your book?
This is your book.
Is that your room?
You can keep this one for yourself.
This is your hat, isn't it?
That's not your hat, is it?
Is this the key you are looking for?
Are these your horses?
This is a small acknowledgement of your kindness.
Is this your umbrella?
This may not suit your taste.
This is a good exercise to help you lose weight.
This is a hazard to your health.
Is this your pen?
Is this your favorite song?
Is this the key your uncle is looking for?
This is secret between you and me.
This is the sort of thing you have to account for.
This is the money at your disposal.
Is this a picture of your own painting?
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
This is a problem of your own making.
This means nil.
This is too much for a day's work.
This is the only kimono that my mother bought me.
This is mahjong.
That is to say, their behavior seems to be against the rules made by adults.
This offer is not subject to the usual discounts.
This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say.
This is far the best of all.
I am in charge of this.
This is the most beautiful of all the pictures in my album.
This is a subject of which I know nothing whatever.
This is the record which I bought yesterday.
This is the pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the most beautiful lake that I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful sunset that I have ever seen.
This is the magazine I spoke to you about.
This is a great opportunity to increase our market share.
This does not mean only the study of language, history or geography.
This may be because of a change in people's attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open 24 hours a day and enable young people to live more easily.
Charge this to my company.
This is so enduring as to make even the most diligent worker give up.
This is the house in which the poet lived in his childhood.
This was to arrange things so that I obtained the result already written in the textbooks.
This note summarizes some information that we hope to discuss at the meeting in San Francisco.
The problem is one of determining the dominant factors in this phenomenon.
This is a good opportunity to get to know one another.
This only increased his desire to be revenged on the murderous duke.
What is the price for this?
I'd like to insure this, please.
A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
Don't let this discourage you from trying it again.
There's a hole in this.
Do you have anything to say in connection with this?
Do any of you have anything to say in connection with this?
In relation to this, I am to blame.
Above and beyond this, he can read Hebrew.
I have mixed feelings about this.
This surprised many people.
There must be a rational explanation for this.
But I had another advantage in it.
It includes widely varying organizations, people, and ideas.
And as with so many aspects of British life, there's a good historical reason for it.
The end, so long good bye!
It is no use making an excuse for this.
I know nothing in respect of this.
He is not available at the moment.
He will give you some good advice on this matter.
I will accept full responsibility for this.
We must make a decision on this right away.
Feel free to comment on any point made here.
In comparison with this, that is far better.
In the same way, a Russian might fail to see anything amusing in a joke which would make an Englishman laugh to tears.
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
I'd like the same style as this one.
I don't know if you'd call it a hobby, but to stretch it a little, you could say music appreciation is my hobby.
Tell me all you know in connection with this.
What is the difference between this and that?
How do you like that?
This is as long as that.
How is this connected to that?
You have your choice between this and that.
Please choose between this one and that one.
Which is cheaper, this or that?
Which is better, this or that?
Then I can have some peace of my mind.
This will teach that he must obey the law.
With this his spirit will be consoled.
All is completed with this.
This ought to bring in enough money to put us back in the black.
This is the end.
This is the end of my story.
This will save you a lot of trouble.
This adds to my troubles.
I've finished all the work for today.
It's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders.
Will this answer your purpose?
Everything is fine.
This will help our business along.
This adds to our troubles.
This is driving me crazy.
That means cutting the first train.
This probably means war.
You'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way.
Is this what you've wanted for a long time?
Here it is, all in black and white.
This will add to our troubles.
This will surely add to you appetite.
This is it. They're going to kill me.
The line has been busy for 30 minutes now.
Do you have this in my size?
It will surely by useful for your future to put forth this much effort.
There are so many anti-smoking campaigns these days; maybe smoking really is a threat to the public order.
I'm not afraid of anything after having verbal abuse heaped on me like that. In fact, I feel empowered by it.
Not bad—not bad at all. This is quite a gathering of talent to have under one roof.
Just don't forget this.
I'll say this: I am innocent.
Will this much food do for a week's camping?
This is all he has to do.
This alone is enough to convince us.
This is the coffee.
My cholesterol levels are high.
My cholesterol is high.
If you want to avoid cholesterol, eat lean meat with no fat.
I see that I am surrounded by hostile faces.
I guess I'm never going to get married.
This makes me very angry.
It just goes on forever.
Can you tell me what size this is?
This is all I need to know.
This is the very thing that I wanted.
I believe this is a case in point.
This is the same motorcycle that was left at the scene of the accident.
This is the same car that was left at the scene of the crime.
This is what I want.
This is the very book that I want to read.
This is the very book that I have long wanted to read.
This is the very book I have been looking for.
This is the very dictionary I've been looking for.
This is the very CD I've been looking for.
This is just what I have been looking for so long.
This is the very book for you to read.
That's just what I wanted.
This is the very place I have long wanted to visit.
This is the very video I wanted to see.
This is the very thing that you need.
This is the very thing you need now.
This is the very dictionary that I have wanted so long.
This is the very dictionary that I have been looking for.
Here is a true Israelite, in whom there is nothing false.
Isn't this the same necklace that Aunt Clara wears?
I need a box of this size.
This is the only road to the next town.
This is a post office and that is a bank.
Given that this is true, what should we do?
This is how I go about it.
This is mine, and that's yours.
This is the rough draft of the peace treaty.
This is her weak point.
This pleased them worst of all.
This adds color to his speech.
This is what he painted.
This is the temple where he stays.
This will be the book he is looking for.
This is the house in which he lived.
This is his formula.
This is what he says.
This was his one and only hope.
This flung him into a passion.
This is the house that he lives in.
That is all that he said.
This is what he said.
This is the way he learned English.
Is this the embarkation card?
This is the key to the whole mystery.
Can you get this, man?
This is the hotel at which we stayed at that time.
This is the best camera in the store.
This is much the most expensive car in the shop.
This is by far the best way.
This is the absolute best.
Are these the glasses you're looking for?
This is shorthand writing, by means of which we can keep up with the talker.
This is shorthand.
This is the worst of all.
This is the most important matter of all.
This is the central problem of postwar immigration.
Is this the book you spoke of the other day?
This is the car I spoke of the other day.
This is the extent of my ability.
I'm not sure if this is correct.
Is this my life?
This is the best dictionary there is in the library.
This is my I.D. card.
This is a new type of car.
Is this your first trip abroad?
Here's the address.
This is the last train, sir.
This is a weakness peculiar to young people.
Is this in fact going to affect their relationships?
This is what we want to know.
This is the boy who helped me.
Here's my card.
This is a picture of my mother.
This is the house where my father was born and brought up.
This is why I hate him.
Here's my telephone number.
This is a picture of my grandmother.
This is the key I have been looking for.
Here are the number to my checks.
How does this bear on my future?
This is the house where I live.
This is his answer to my letter.
This is my car.
This is the best dictionary that I have.
This is what I thought.
This is the ideology to which my speech is written.
This is my business address.
This is how we do it.
This is where we differ very much from Japanese workers.
This is the hotel where we stayed last year.
This will be the house we are looking for.
This is what I need.
This is all I can read.
This is the reason why I came late.
This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
This is the house where I lived in my early days.
This is the village where I spent my childhood.
This is the house where I lived when I was a child.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I do not understand.
This is the hat I've been looking for.
This is the key which I have been looking for.
This is the room where the body was found.
This is the reason I came here.
This is the dictionary I spoke of yesterday.
There are photos of the singers who're featured in the magazine.
This is the car about which Linda talked yesterday.
This is the boy whom I saw yesterday.
This is the dictionary I told you about yesterday.
This is much the best.
This is the latest fashion.
This is the last time.
This is the surest way to succeed.
Is this dress the latest fashion?
This is the latest fashion this spring.
This is all that is known so far.
This is the heaviest snowfall we have ever had.
We have never had such a heavy snowfall.
This will be the book you're looking for.
This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by air mail.
This is my best work to date.
This is the largest building in existence.
This is an exact copy of the original.
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
This caused most of the local bath-houses to fall on hard times.
Here is your share of the cake.
This is what you must do.
This is the book which you are looking for.
If this is your knife, then I have lost mine.
This is the book about which I told you.
This is the garden I laid out last year.
These are the rules; act accordingly.
I like this. I will take it.
Here's my return ticket.
This is the passage to the sea.
Is this a river?
This is the shortest way to the station.
I am uncertain whether this is a thing of value.
This is the temple which we used to visit.
So, this is the nata-de-coco that everyone is talking about.
This is how I learned English.
Judging from this.
Here's my receipt.
They are in for trouble.
No one can tell what'll happen in the future.
I don't know what to do from now on.
There'll be quite a lot of scenes like this in the next few programs.
We hope you will enjoy the show.
Please write down what I am going to say.
Answer me this.
Answer me this. Did you see her there?
I'll find one later.
I hope we stay in touch.
I'm going home now.
Let's keep in touch.
I'll study harder in the future.
I'm counting on you to be strong.
Wishing you an enjoyable future.
He is here to stay.
Never be late for school again.
From now on, you must be responsible for what you do.
From now on, I promise to be punctual.
These are sold in one's.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
I've decided to be more positive and give it all I've got.
I can sleep in peace after this.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
From now on, you'll have to take care of yourself.
Is there much demand for these goods?
These flowers grow in warm countries.
We're all at sea about where to take our company from here.
I'm going shopping at the supermarket.
This is the very camera I've wanted for a long time.
This is the church where Blake is buried.
This is the bell called Big Ben.
Is this the train for New York?
This is the train for New York.
Do you know who they are?
This was the last conversation I had with my mother about Terry Tate.
You alone can do this.
This is just the type of car I want.
Do you know whose car this is?
This is the best method to solve that problem.
This is the core of the problem.
This is the boy.
This done, we had lunch.
This is the least expensive method of all.
This is by far the best.
The shutter's over here. All you have to do is press it.
This is the last food there is on this boat.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
This has been the trend for the past twenty years.
This is the latest acquisition to my library.
This is the reason why I didn't come yesterday.
Here's the key, here's the contract.
This is the house in which he was born.
This is how we cook rice.
It is doubtful whether this will work.
This is what we call "tempura".
This is the handbag I bought in Italy.
This is the American way of life.
This is Japan as Americans see it.
This is the house where the famous novelist was born.
This is the boy who found your watch.
This will be your umbrella, I suppose.
This will be the book you are looking for.
I appreciate that this is not an easy task for you.
This is much the better of the two.
This is the more useful of the two.
This is the reason that she succeeded as a pop singer.
This is the means by which I can find him.
This is the camera with which he took the picture.
This is the reason why he did it.
Is this what you've been searching for all this time?
This is what is called the Norman Conquest.
Could you change these for me, please?
Please charge this to my account.
How long may I keep this?
How much do you ask for this?
Is this your book, Mike?
Playing golf is great fun.
I like to play golf.
Have you ever played golf?
I'd like to play a game of golf.
Golf isn't my cup of tea.
Golf is now within the reach of everyone.
Are you fond of golf?
Can I make a reservation for golf?
I've never played golf, but I think I'll give it a shot.
When it comes to playing golf, you cannot beat him.
The lower a golf score is, the better.
The golfer gave his caddy some medicine.
Mr Colcott came to like Japanese food.
The cork would not come out.
Researchers at the Gorilla Foundation have to spell out words like "c-a-n-d-y" and "g-u-m" when Koko is nearby.
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
She held him like mother gorillas hold their babies.
How about that!
Take your time. There's no hurry.
These things are often unknown to the world.
Sorry, I've got to go.
I could not say "I'm sorry."
No. I'm sorry, I've got to go back early.
Sorry. It's all my fault.
I'm afraid I'm feeling out of sorts right now.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to surprise you.
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.
I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Please come prepared to provide your comments.
May I trouble you to shut the window?
I'm sorry to have troubled you. No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
Sorry. I missed the train.
Sorry. Traffic was heavy.
Sorry. The train was late.
I'm sorry I didn't quite catch what you said.
Sorry. I could hardly find this place.
I'm sorry. I take back my words.
I'm sorry. I'm partly responsible for it.
I feel terrible, but I've just broken your ashtray.
I'm afraid you can't. I have tennis practice later.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to kick you.
Sorry I haven't fixed dinner tonight. I was so tired there was just no way.
It's a comedy movie.
Comedy is something that makes you laugh.
Comedians base their jokes on tragic situations like violent death or serious accidents.
I have leg cramps.
Mr Gomez didn't excuse me for my mistake.
The rubber band broke with a vicious snap.
A rubber ball bounces because it is elastic.
Where is the garbage area?
Getting rid of garbage has become a major headache for the authorities.
The garbage collector comes three times a week.
Put the garbage outside.
Just as all kinds of communication methods are increasing, human relationships are becoming weak. A perfect case of mistaking means for ends.
What do you mean by communication?
Communications broke down.
Komiakov may never have full use of his arm.
Put all your waste paper in this basket.
There is a law against dropping litter but it is rarely enforced.
The top went around and around.
It is necessary to put something by against days of need.
Copernicus taught that the earth moves around the sun.
Copernicus proposed the idea that the Earth travels around the Sun.
I'm looking forward to the day when Miss Cobb comes back, I can tell you.
The only person who's looking forward to Miss Cobb's return.
She'll be seeing to your correspondence while Miss Cobb's away.
Jane Cobb, his present secretary, is the only person in the office who can stand him.
The obsequious waiter is usually assigned the best table because he always curries favor with his manager and superiors.
A campaign is underway throughout the company to achieve economy in the use of copying paper.
Nothing could be more useful than a copying machine.
Put a tag on the pages you want copied.
What days of the week does it take place?
These small rodents store up nuts in the winter.
This rose is beautiful.
This rose does not smell so sweet as the one I bought the other day.
This watch was handed down to me by my grandfather.
This watch is a new type.
How much is this watch?
This watch costs around fifty thousand yen.
This watch cost 70,000 yen.
This bay is called New York Harbor.
I've heard this story scores of times.
Let's get off the subject.
If she heard this story, she will get angry.
I may put this story on the stage.
I'm afraid the story will give him a wrong impression.
This story is believed to be true.
Let's keep this matter between ourselves.
This story will do for a novel.
This story might sound unbelievable but it is true.
This story is based on facts.
This story is too complex for children.
This conversation is a masterpiece.
I have heard this story scores of times.
As I heard the story secondhand, I can't ascertain the truth of it.
This story sounds very unlikely to me.
This story is rather monotonous.
This story is by far more interesting than that one.
This story may sound strange, but it's absolutely true.
This story tells us an interesting fact.
As to the source of this statement, I know nothing.
The lesson of this story is not that reading Shakespeare will help one rise in the business world.
Did you understand the moral of this story?
Please bear with me until I finish the story.
The paper discusses the problem in terms of ethics.
This article will affect my thinking.
The essay treats of the progress of cancer research.
We are not concerned in this paper with the application of Emmet's theory in biology.
In this paper I address the question, what is difficult about the intermediary's position in a negotiation?
In this paper I limit the discussion to Emmet's 'dyad' style in his works from 1995.
In this paper, I compare the folklores of Germany and Holland.
In the first section of this review I raise the question of how brain processes cause our conscious experiences.
Let's put a stop to this discussion.
This old man actually swam across the river.
These workmen are constructing a road.
This exercise is easy enough for me to do without help.
This pair of lovers were carrying on an ardent correspondence.
This ticket is valid for three months.
This train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
This train is bound for Tokyo.
This train runs between Tokyo and Osaka.
This train left Aomori thirty minutes late, so we won't arrive at Tokyo before noon, I'm afraid.
This train is made up of seven cars.
This train makes connections with a ferry-boat at Takamatsu.
This train stops at every station.
This train is bound for New York.
How fast does this train run?
This train runs between New York and Boston.
Where is this train bound?
I'd like to reserve a seat on this train.
Take this train and make a change at the next station.
Are you sure this is the right train?
There are not a few passengers on this train.
This train will get you there in half the time.
The train will get you there after half the time.
Please keep my place in this line.
This history book is written for high school students.
How long can we keep this frozen food?
How many minutes shall I boil this frozen asparagus?
Give me a hand with this refrigerator.
The example doesn't fall into any type stated above.
In this instance we are provided with an exact account of the conversation between the two poets.
This apple is bad.
This beam won't hold the weight of the second story.
Could you give me a new dish of these?
These dishes remind me of my mother's cooking.
Could you heat this dish?
This dish goes very well with sake.
I made this food myself.
This food is too salty.
This dish has a strong flavor of garlic.
This dish is more delicious than that one.
Will you read this cookbook?
What sauce do you use for this dish?
Is lunch included in this price?
This trip will become a pleasant memory.
This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
Who were your companions on this trip?
The outdoor spa at this hot-spring is wonderful.
This inn gives good service.
The trip is farther than I expected.
This clasp won't fasten.
This fluid can be substituted for glue.
This fashion has had its day.
This theory is true of Japan.
This theory holds in everything.
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
I am going to substantiate this theory.
For this reason, the credibility of the book's authors rests on the credibility of their sources.
I decided to visit the United States on this account.
I hope this stormy weather won't go on.
This egg is fresh.
This egg has a bad smell.
Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
Not all of these eggs are fresh.
None of these eggs are fresh.
May I have this dance?
This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.
Please mail this form to your insurance company.
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
Would you please fill out this form?
Please fill out this form.
Fill in this form.
This suit is anything but cheap.
This dress is a good bargain.
I want this suit cleaned.
This is how he failed.
Nothing can excuse him for such rude behavior.
Look at this grand view of the ocean.
Would you mind sending this letter for me?
Mail this letter.
This mail will be delivered tomorrow.
I know more or less about the rules of this game.
This oil field used to produce an order of magnitude more oil as it does now.
This oil painting dates from the 17th century.
Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
This medicine will do you good or harm, as the case may be.
Take this medicine after each meal.
Take this medicine faithfully, and you will feel better.
Take this medicine between meals.
This medicine will do good to you.
This medicine will cure you of your stomach-ache.
You can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine.
This medicine will clear up your cold.
This medicine will cure your headache immediately.
This medicine will decrease your pain.
This medicine will relieve the pain.
This medicine will give you some relief.
If you take this medicine, you will feel better.
This medicine will do you good.
This medicine will cure you of that disease.
This medicine will make you feel much better.
The medicine will soon put you right.
This medicine will make you feel better.
This medicine will cure you of your skin disease.
If you take medicine, you will feel better.
Take this medicine, and you'll feel a lot better.
The medicine will cure your headache.
You should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine.
This medicine will take the pain away.
This medicine will ease your cramps.
Take this medicine. You will feel better soon.
Must I take this medicine?
Do I have to take this medicine?
Take this medicine twice a day.
Will this medicine really do me any good?
This medicine does not agree with me.
This medicine is good for a cold.
This medicine will do wonders for a runny nose.
This medicine may aid his recovery.
This drug acts against headache.
This medicine will do you a good deal of good.
What effect did the doctor say this medicine has on people?
Put this medicine where children can't get it.
Keep this medicine out of the children's reach.
This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
I think this medicine will do you good.
I think this medicine will do you a lot of good.
This medicine tastes bitter.
This medicine helps relieve muscle pain.
These pills act on the liver.
This medicine renews your strength.
The medicine is hard to swallow.
This medicine will do you good!
This medicine tastes horrible.
This medicine is not a poison in itself.
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
This medicine is no protection against influenza.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
This medicine is a natural poison.
This medicine, properly used, will do you a lot of good.
This medicine cured me of my cold.
This medicine has no side effects.
This medicine is free from harmful effects.
This medicine will soothe your headache.
This medicine will cure your cold.
This medicine will take care of your headache.
This medicine will cure you of your cold.
This medicine will relieve your headache.
I've never heard of this actor.
No one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about.
What do you call this vegetable in English?
These vegetables cook slowly.
This wild rose gives off a sweet scent.
These wild flowers give off a nice smell.
This gate needs painting.
The gate admits to the garden.
This gate allows access to the garden.
We must take this matter into account as a whole.
Let's approach this problem from a different aspect.
This problem must not be dismissed out of hand.
It is difficult to solve this problem.
We beat our brains to solve this problem.
It is no use trying to solve this problem.
Is it easy for me to solve this problem?
It's almost impossible to work out this problem.
I'll give you five minutes to work out this problem.
I had difficulty in solving this problem.
It took me a couple of hours to solve this problem.
I will give you ten minutes to work out this problem.
It takes 10 minutes to solve this problem.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to solve this problem.
We have to consider the problem more carefully.
How shall we deal with this matter?
How shall we deal with the problem?
Let's clear up this problem.
The two countries came to a political settlement over this dispute.
This problem may be solved in a variety of ways.
This problem is too difficult for me to solve.
I had trouble with this question.
This question is one of great importance.
This problem is in his field.
The problem is complicated by his personality.
This problem is of his own making.
This problem is too difficult for me to explain.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
This problem is too difficult for you to solve.
This problem is beyond my powers.
This problem is hard to solve. So you had better begin with that one.
This problem is worth discussing.
This matter must be dealt with sooner or later.
This problem is too simple.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
This problem has been debated by many economists.
Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
We should consider this problem as a whole.
This subject should be discussed in detail.
This problem is too much for me to handle.
This problem can not be discussed here for lack of time.
I can't solve this problem.
This problem is so easy that I can solve it.
This question is too difficult for me.
This problem is beyond me.
This problem is difficult for me to some degree.
I will deal with this problem.
This problem is akin to the one we had last year.
This problem deserves considering.
This matter had best be left unmentioned.
This problem is not so difficult as it seems.
This matter must not be trifled with.
This question isn't easy.
This problem is too simple, so it is hardly worth discussing.
I can't solve this problem. It's too difficult for me.
This subject is outside the scope of our inquiry.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
This was too difficult a problem for her to solve.
This problem is a real challenge.
This matter is of great importance.
This problem is easier than that.
This question has often arisen.
This problem demands immediate attention.
I close my mind to this subject.
This problem arose from the mutual misunderstanding.
This problem is too difficult to deal with.
This question is closely related to that one.
We will discuss this problem later.
You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way.
This question counts for 50 points.
This problem seems difficult.
This matter is extremely important to us.
This problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it.
I can't think of any solution to this problem.
My desire is to help you with this problem.
I don't know what the question means.
Concentrate your attention on this problem.
We will interview two people so we can hear both sides of this question.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
There were a lot of opinions, pro and con, on this question.
As far as this problem is concerned, you cannot escape your responsibility.
What do you have to say with regard to this problem?
In respect of this question, there are three opinions.
What's your opinion with regard to this matter?
With respect to this question, there are three problems.
With respect to this question, there are three opinions.
This problem bristles with difficulties both psychological and economical.
This problem baffles me.
How will you dispose of this problem?
I have nothing particular to mention with regard to the affair.
This problem has often been remarked upon.
Our knowledge on the problem is rather limited.
There is no choice in this matter.
I defy you to solve this problem.
Can you do this problem?
If you can't solve this problem, ask your teacher.
Let's begin with this problem.
This question is too difficult for me to answer.
The answer to this question is wrong.
This alarm clock gains one minute a day.
These trees will screen our new house from public view.
This tree measures three meters around.
This tree bears no fruit.
This tree does not bear fruit.
This tree is tall, but that one is even taller.
This tree bears a lot of good fruit.
This wood won't burn.
How tall this tree is!
This tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest.
This tree is the same age as that one.
This tree is about as tall as that one.
This tree is about as high as that one.
This tree has been standing for five decades.
The top of this tree is level with the fence.
This tree bears good peaches every year.
Hold fast to this tree.
This net here is to keep off mosquitoes.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
This cotton shirt washes well.
This maze is very hard to get out of.
What is the correct aperture in this light?
You'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light.
This order is to be obeyed to the letter.
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
I can't see the road signs in this fog.
I want to find out the source of this irresponsible rumor.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
This dream will come true.
The origins of these people is shrouded in mystery.
This miso soup is too hot to drink.
The taste of sugar is too noticeable.
I borrowed this cartoon from his older sister.
This fountain pen is as good as any I have ever used.
This pen has run dry.
Compare this genuine jewel with that imitation.
This book is selling like hotcakes.
This bookcase is easy to assemble.
This bookstore stopped selling JUMP.
Understanding this book is beyond my capacity.
May I leave this book with you?
Don't forget to bring back this book.
I just have to drop this book off.
Take this book back to him.
I am hoping to get two copies of this book.
I profited from reading this book.
You can read this book.
May I go out to play when I have read this book?
I remember reading this book.
If we read this book we are able to comprehend more about the country.
This book tells that life is hopeful.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
Do you think this book is worth reading?
It is easy for me to read this book.
It is a good idea to read this book.
It takes two hours to read this book.
You don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
This book gives us a good idea of economics.
Every time I read this book, I find something new.
I never read this book without being reminded of my old days.
It took me three days to read through this book.
It'll take a week or so to read through this book.
Take this medicine, and you will feel better.
Read this book.
It took me five hours to read through this book.
Do you have any idea who wrote this book?
The man who wrote this book is a doctor.
Mr Ogata, the author of this book, used to be a newspaperman.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
Please keep this book at hand.
May I borrow this book?
This book stands high in my opinion.
Please buy me this book.
Please give me this book.
It is possible for you to read this book in a few days.
I bought this book at Kakuzen's.
Put this sentence into English.
Do you think it is difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Place this book back where it was.
Here's a book for your mother to read.
May I have this book?
How long does it take for you to read this book?
I will give you this book.
Please lend me this book for a few days.
Give me a copy of this book.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
This book will be printed next year.
This book is written in easy English.
This book looks interesting.
This book is not less amusing than that one.
This book is both interesting and instructive.
This book makes pleasant reading.
This book seemed interesting.
There's not so much text in this book.
This book is above me.
This book is suitable for general readers.
You will derive great pleasure from this book.
This book is hers.
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
This book counts among the best of his work.
This book is not for sale.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
This book sold well in Japan.
This book is not available in Japan.
This book is worth reading twice.
This book comes in two volumes.
This book is too difficult to understand.
This book is too difficult for me to read.
This book is so difficult, I can't read it.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
This book gives a good picture of life in America during the Civil War.
This book is pleasant to read.
I found this book interesting.
I think this book is worth reading.
This book isn't worth reading.
This book is worth reading.
This book is interesting to read.
This book is too difficult to read.
It is worthwhile to read this book.
It is easy to read this book.
You had better not read this book.
This book is especially difficult to read.
This book is worthy of attention.
This book deals with China.
This book contains forty photographs.
This book should be read with diligence.
Whose is this book?
This book only goes down to World War II.
This is a book often read by adults.
This book is too large to go in my pocket.
This book should help you a lot.
This book may well be useful to you.
This book has 252 pages exclusive of illustrations.
This book isn't interesting at all.
This was the best-selling book last week.
This book is fundamental for an understanding of biology.
This book belongs to the library.
This book deals with anthropology.
This book is new.
This book was new.
This book deals with psychology.
This book is worthy of praise.
This book gave me a good laugh.
This book is very popular among women.
This book is small.
This book is suitable for beginners.
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
This book is a good guide for beginners.
This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand.
This book is hot off from the press.
This book is heavy.
This book is chiefly concerned with the effects of secondhand smoking.
This book is within the capacity of young readers.
This book has a lot of pictures.
You can't take away these books.
This book deals with facts.
This book is above my understanding.
This book is better than any I have ever read.
This book belongs to me.
This book is mine; I wrote my name in it myself.
This book seems easy to me.
This book is too dear for me.
This book is easy for me to read.
This book is quite above me.
This book is far above me.
This book will be of great use to us.
This book is too difficult for me to understand.
This book is easy enough for me to read.
This book is hard for me to read.
This book is adapted for children.
This book is easy enough for children to read.
This book is within the capacity of children.
This book is meant for children.
This book is divided into four parts.
This book costs 3,000 yen.
The last leaf of this book is missing.
This book is selling well these days.
This book is too expensive. I can't afford to buy it.
This book is too expensive.
This book has few, if any, misprints.
This book goes on the top shelf.
This book consists of five chapters.
This book is old.
This book is full of figures of speech.
This book deals with the new theory of linguistics.
This book is his best effort to date.
This book is abridged from the original.
This book deals with the uses of atomic power.
This is an old book with a new face.
Is this book Takeo's?
This book will be helpful to your study.
This book belongs to you.
Is this book yours?
This book is easy for you to read.
This book will do you more harm than good.
I am sure this book will be of great use to you.
This book is so absorbing that I can't put it down.
This book is full of mistakes.
This book is interesting except for a few mistakes.
Written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
This book is popular with students.
This book is a must for every student studying English.
This book is of great use to us.
This book has become widely read in our country.
This book is worth reading again and again.
This book is still interesting even after reading it many times.
This book is worth reading over and over again.
This book has undergone several translations.
What heading does this book come under?
How small this book is!
What is the book about?
How old this book is!
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
This book was printed in England.
This book is written in English.
This is the most interesting.
Put this book on top of the others.
This book deals with the invasion of the Romans.
This book ought to be a good seller.
This book sells well.
This book is written in simple English.
I bought this book for less.
This book is worth reading again.
Are you through with this book?
Are all these books yours?
This book is still copyrighted.
This book was written by Haley.
How long can I keep this book?
This book is Tony's.
This book is so amusing that I could go on reading for hours.
This book is really interesting.
This book being very difficult, I can't read it.
This book is very new.
This book is very small.
This book will give you great pleasure.
This book is so easy that a child can read it.
This book is easy enough for them to read.
Return this book as soon as you can.
This book can't go into the bag.
This book is a little out of date.
This book will do more harm than good.
This book is available at one shop only.
This book is of great use.
This book is very interesting.
This book probably won't be all that useful.
This book is the smallest of all the books.
This book is designed to teach children how to read.
This book is sold here.
This book is not sold here.
This book, which was once a best seller, is now out of print.
This book is at once interesting and instructive.
This book is not only interesting but also instructive.
This book is interesting and, what is more, very instructive.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
This book is on the manners and customs of America.
This book is smaller than that one.
This book is even more interesting than that.
This book is less large than that one.
This book is not as easy as that one.
This book isn't as interesting as that book.
This book is not only more instructive but more interesting than that book.
This book is as small as that one.
This book is as interesting as that book.
This book is suitable for your needs.
Does this book belong to you?
This book will be of great use to you.
This book has gone through eight editions.
This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
This book is composed of three chapters.
This book is missing two pages.
This book is very good except for a few mistakes.
Though this is a bulky book with over 1000 pages, I will have read it all by this time next week.
This book, which I've read twice, was a gift from Peter.
This book is of great value to students of science.
This book is smaller.
This book is older than that one.
This book is much more useful than that one.
The stories in the book are written for her.
This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
Who is the author of this book?
The author of this book is still young.
Every sentence in this book is important.
The cost of the book is 4 dollars.
The hero of the book rails at the injustices of the world but does nothing about them.
The last chapter of this book.
The price of this book has been reduced by half.
Give me your impression of this book.
Is there a paperback edition of this book?
All the characters in this book are imaginary.
The stories which you will read in this book deal with some of the many problems which face young people.
Do you feel any attraction for this book?
This book says the earliest man-made bridges date back to the New Stone Age.
My life has been changed by this book.
This book has many beautiful pictures.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
This book contains a lot of short stories.
This book contains many pictures.
Many English proverbs are collected in this book.
What is written in the book?
This book contains a lot of photos.
This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare.
This book has a certain value.
Could I have your autograph on this book?
I enjoyed this book so much!
Where does this book go?
Which is easier to read, this book or that one?
Which is older, this book or that one?
Which book is older, this one or that one?
Which is easier, this book or that book?
It's this book.
In this book, the writer contrasts Japan with America.
This book will do.
You're going to get much publicity with this book.
Please ask whether they have this book at the library.
I cannot do without this book.
If it were not for this book, I couldn't study.
You'll find this book very interesting.
I would like this book.
This book will awaken your imagination.
This pole is sharp at the end.
This telescope must be used carefully.
With this telescope stars and dreams can be seen.
Tell me whose hat this is.
What does this hat remind you of?
This hat will become her.
This hat does match the brown dress.
This cap is too small. Please show me another.
This hat is too small for me.
This hat is mine.
This hat suits me nicely.
This hat is a little too small for me.
This hat doesn't fit me.
This hat goes together with the dress.
This hat is too tight for me.
What is the price of this cap?
This hat is less expensive than that one.
Is this hat yours?
Does this cap belong to you?
This hat is too big for you.
This hat cost me $10.
This hat is cheap at 1000 yen.
I paid ten dollars for this cap.
This law will benefit the poor.
This law shall have effect in Japan.
This law does not apply in Japan.
We should reform this law.
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
This law applies to everybody.
This law is applicable to all cases.
This law came into existence in 1918.
What these acts said was that it was illegal to pay someone in anything other than coin of the realm.
This rule cannot be applied in every case.
This method is of wide application.
This method has no application to the case.
This method is sure to work.
It is doubtful whether this method will work.
There is no access to the building from this direction.
Show this gentleman to the front door.
He was in the world.
He was with God in the beginning.
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
This would be better than that.
This news is official.
This report admits of doubt.
What does this news augur?
The report has yet to be confirmed.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
This report isn't to the point.
This report is not perfect.
Make a copy of this report.
This report is free from errors.
Will you glance through this report?
This report confirms his betrayal.
The report made much of that fact.
This package has been left here by him.
This vowel change has much to do with the overall accent pattern assigned to each word.
This insurance covers everything.
What time do you start boarding?
Does this flight make any stop-overs?
Is the flight on schedule?
This answer almost amounts to a threat.
This answer made him angry.
You've got to carry a gun in this area.
Traffic is heavy around here.
Recently, there are a lot of burglaries around here.
Is there a mailbox near here?
Is there a bank near here?
This neighborhood has more homeless people than you can shake a stick at.
There are no houses around here.
It is high time we aired some of our gripes.
I'm quite a stranger around here.
Apples are produced in this district.
Do you know this part of the city very well?
I know my way around here.
Mrs Ogawa is familiar with this neighbourhood.
The mountains in this part of the country are full of variety.
Are you familiar with this area?
Could you suggest a good beauty parlor near here?
Are there any good restaurants around here?
Is gas available in this neighborhood?
Don't stay around here.
Is there a supermarket near here?
Is there a gas station around here?
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
Let's wind up our work.
Let's quit here and continue tomorrow.
At times, it snows even in April around here.
Can I catch a taxi near here?
I think it's around here.
Who owns this villa?
We can get a glimpse of the lifestyle of ancient people from this wall painting.
This wall feels cold.
This wall feels very cold.
Don't lean against this wall.
This fence leans to the left a little.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
How do you interpret these sentences?
You should rewrite this sentence.
This sentence states exactly how the writer feels.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
The passage admits of no other interpretation.
This document is for your eyes only.
Can he write this character?
Let's learn this sentence by heart.
This sentence is grammatically correct.
You should rewrite this sentence. It doesn't make sense.
The meaning of this sentence is ambiguous.
Make this sentence a little shorter.
This sentence may be interpreted another way.
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
You have to take this powder after each meal.
I don't know anything with respect to this area.
Japan caught up with the United States in this field.
Many scientists are working in this field.
The approach employed in this analysis was as follows.
The analysis gives the following results.
What does the word "get" mean in this sentence?
At this rate, we'll have to change the schedule.
This substance is not poisonous in itself.
This substance will mix with water.
This substance is mostly composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
The common state of this matter is solid.
This story is worth reading.
This story appeared serially in the Asahi.
This story is short enough to read in one lesson.
I'm afraid this story is too adult for children to appreciate.
This story is true.
This story is based on actual events.
This story is founded on fact.
This story is worth reading again.
This story may be adaptable for a television program.
This is a story about a cat.
All the events described in this story are imaginary.
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
This story is by far the most interesting of all.
This Buddhist image cannot be dated exactly.
I can't stand this stomach-ache.
This cloth is sold by the yard.
This style of costume originated in Paris.
I like that dress better than this one.
I think this suit is vastly superior to that one in quality.
I think this suit is much superior to that one in quality.
This dress shrank, and what's more it faded.
Does your dress become me?
This dress is much too large for me.
These clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day.
This suit is too good for me.
This dress creases easily.
I like the silhouette these clothes give me.
Does this dress look OK on me?
What sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress?
I like this skirt. May I try it on?
This custom dates back to the 12th century.
I'm trying to throw this cold off.
It'll take me a long time to get over my cold.
I can't get rid of this cold.
This wind is a sign of a storm.
Write your name and address on this envelope.
We must buy a new carpet for this room.
You are free to use this room.
I want you to have this room clean and tidy.
This room is air-conditioned.
This room gets a lot of sunshine.
This room is for VIPs.
This room has fine ventilation.
This room doesn't get much sunshine.
This room gets sunshine.
This room is pleasant to work in.
This room is too hot to study in. I can't stand it any more.
This room heats easily.
This room will do for large meetings.
This room is for rent.
This room is very stuffy.
This room is used by teachers.
This room is my bedroom, and the other one is my office.
This room is anything but warm.
This room is too hot for us to work in.
It is hot in this room.
This room is twelve feet by twenty-four feet.
This room is large enough.
This room rents at 50 dollars a week.
This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
Can I use this room freely?
This room is too small for us.
This room can hold three hundred people.
This room doesn't get a lot of sun.
This room is for individual use.
The room is anything but small.
Smoking is not allowed in this room.
This room is cramped.
This room is well furnished.
This room is just about big enough.
This room looks like a pigsty.
This room is awfully cold.
This room is very warm.
It is very hot in this room, isn't it?
I am quite comfortable in this room.
This room is not very large.
This room will soon heat up.
This room smells of gas.
This room is used for various purposes.
This room gets little sunshine.
This room does not get much sun.
In this corner of the room I'd like to put a house-plant.
The air in this room is foul.
How much is the rent for this room?
This room has three windows.
There is a desk in this room.
There is too much furniture in this room.
There is much furniture in this room.
There is much hatred in this room, and little kindness.
There is no chair in this room.
There are hardly any books in this room.
There is a television in this room.
This room has air conditioning.
This room is capable of holding fifty persons.
Do you know any of the boys in this room?
This room is too small to contain 50 men.
There are ten people in this room.
Don't play in this room.
Don't read in this room.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
What goes on in this room?
You had better not speak loudly in this room.
Never be noisy in this room.
Do not run in this room.
You may not smoke in this room.
Please take off your hat here in this room.
Would you mind not smoking in this room?
You can smoke in this room.
You cannot smoke in this room.
Please refrain from smoking in this room.
The desk seems small in this room.
The table takes up a lot of space in this room.
Don't smoke in this room.
You can't smoke in this room.
Don't be noisy in this room.
Make yourself at home in this room.
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
It was in this room that we had the meeting last Friday.
This room commands a fine view of the city.
The view from this room is wonderful.
This room has fine view of the mountain.
Who's in charge of this section?
These grapes are ripe.
I'll get even with you for this insult!
This carpet does not match the curtain.
This cloth wears well.
This cloth will not last long.
This material will stand up to lots of washings.
This cloth tears easily.
This is impermeable to water.
This cloth will not turn color.
This cloth is agreeable to the touch.
This cloth adheres to the skin.
This cloth absorbs water well.
This cloth is good in quality for its price.
This cloth feels soft.
This cloth feels smooth.
This cloth is made of cotton.
This cloth feels like velvet.
There are many modern buildings around here.
Why don't you polish the shoes with this cloth?
What shall we do with this delinquent girl?
This misery resulted from his laziness.
There is almost no water in this bottle.
This jar can hold two liters of hot water.
Could you put these in a box?
Can I exchange this with something else?
This article is high quality.
This article is for sale.
There is no market for these goods in Japan.
These articles are all exempt from duty.
This article is cheap.
You can't find this article everywhere.
The price of this article does not cover the cost of its manufacture.
There is a good market for these articles.
This garment is exchangeable within three days.
Please pay the tax on the items over there.
Is there any tax on this?
At present it is medically impossible to cure this disease.
How does this disease spread?
We know very little about the cause of this disease.
Not many survive this disease.
This hospital is run by the city.
All the nurses of this hospital are very kind.
This hospital has a lot of new equipment.
There is much demand for nurses in this hospital.
In this hospital each nurse attends five patients.
The figures in this table are shown in thousands.
This list is inclusive of the past members of the group.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
Patterns of freeze-up and breakup influence the distribution and number of seals, the polar bear's main prey.
This ice is too thin to bear your weight.
This ice is going to crack.
Will the ice bear?
This encyclopedia is issued in monthly parts.
This encyclopedia is beyond the reach of an ordinary student.
This encyclopedia belongs to my wife.
Give me a knife to cut this string with.
The swimming pool is open to the public.
This art collection is rich in paintings by Dutch masters.
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
This museum is equipped with a fire prevention system.
This beautiful house is so expensive that we can't buy it.
Where did you get this beautiful dress?
This beautiful dress is made of silk.
This plane is his.
Our plane is flying toward the south.
This plane flies nonstop to Tokyo.
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.
This plane can fly at 800 miles an hour.
This airplane accommodates 400 passengers quite comfortably.
This machine was manufactured in France.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
Is this plane on schedule?
When does this plane reach Narita?
What time shall we arrive at Sapporo if we take this plane?
Is a meal served on this flight?
Who is going to pick up the tab for this?
In this secret code, each number stands for a letter of the alphabet.
What is the real cause of this tragedy?
This novel of his is inferior to the previous one.
Do you want to watch this program?
This program is a rerun.
This program has become stereotyped.
I wonder when this program will continue till.
This program is beamed from US to Japan.
Will you record this program on video for me?
Please call me at this number.
Can you try this number again?
There are five ways to emancipate themselves from the bond of worldly passions.
This vending machine takes only hundred-yen coins.
This criminal is a victim of his heredity.
The influence of this crime on society was great.
The law prescribes certain penalties for this offence.
This edition is limited to seven thousand copies.
This board bores easily.
This style of hairdressing first appeared in the early 19th century.
I would like my hair in this style.
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment.
This power station alone provides several cities with electricity.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
These fields produce fine crops.
Take away this box.
Please open this box.
Shall I help you with this box?
Can I have this box carried upstairs?
This box is full of books.
This box is light enough for him to carry.
This is a false bottom pan.
This box is a different colour to that one.
This box is made of paper.
This box is light enough to carry.
This box is a trifle too heavy.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
This box will do for something.
This box will serve as a chair.
This box was made by Tony.
This box will serve as a table.
This box is too bulky to carry.
This box is so large that it cannot go into my bag.
This box is too heavy for me alone to lift.
This box is not as big as that one.
This box is three times as big as that one.
This box is twice as large as that one.
The eggs in this case are fresher than those in the other case.
What is in this box?
There's nothing in this box.
The lid of this box won't lift.
I will give you whatever is in this box.
Do you know how to open this box?
This box contains apples.
This box contains five apples.
This box is filled with apples.
This box must be large enough for all these books.
This box weighs a ton. What's inside?
This bomb can kill many people.
This thin book is mine.
This white coat will look very nice on you.
Help me pick out a tie to go with this suit.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
Those ruins were once a splendid palace.
This stable contains twelve stalls.
I cannot hold the horse.
This horse kicks when anyone comes up from behind.
This showy dress isn't appropriate for me.
This farm yields enough vegetables to meet our needs.
This farm yields enough fruit to meet our needs.
While this group has a great deal of spending power, it is not working, and therefore, not producing anything.
This yearbook is illustrated with a lot of beautiful photographs.
This source is dependable and predictable, but more research is still needed in this area.
This cat doesn't chase rats.
This cat is as big as that one.
This cat is, so to speak, a member of our family.
I'll afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere.
This duty has priority over all others.
Let's play this Sunday.
I'm free on Sunday.
We're having a sukiyaki party this Sunday.
Put this Japanese into English.
We visit the tombs of our ancestors on this day.
This meat has gone bad.
This meat can be preserved long.
This meat smells bad.
The meat is only half cooked.
The meat is tough.
This meat cuts easily.
This meat is roasted well.
This is good meat.
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.
These two leaves look alike.
These two brothers resemble each other.
The second test is a great improvement on the first.
There is not much difference between the two.
Choose between these two.
You've got to take the bull by the horns!
Do you think there is another answer to this difficult problem?
This pan has several uses.
Summarize the contents in 60 English words.
This pork is a bit off.
How much is this pork a kilo?
This limited express is bound for Sendai.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
This road connects the two cities.
This road connects Tokyo with Osaka.
This road is of great importance.
This road is closed to cars.
There is little automobile traffic on this road.
This road is closed to traffic for construction work.
There is a great deal of traffic on this road.
There is heavy traffic on this road.
This road is full of sharp turns.
This road extends to the coast.
Since there are no buses on this road, we will have to walk.
This road is so broad that buses can pass easily.
This road goes to the city.
What's the speed limit on this road?
This tool lends itself to many purposes.
This tool is of great use.
This tool is good for nothing.
If it is used properly, this tool will be a great help.
This tool, if used carelessly, can be very dangerous.
You can't go along this road. It is under repair.
There is a bus stop down the road.
This road will take you to the museum.
This road will lead you to the monument.
This road leads you to the station.
Will I get to the station if I take this road?
Will this road take me to the station?
This road will take you to the station.
This road will lead you to the station and the city center.
This road will lead you to the center of town.
This road will lead you to the airport.
This road will take you down to the edge of Lake Biwa.
This road will lead you to the park.
This road will take you to the post-office.
Where does this road lead to?
This road leads you there.
Go in the field.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
This road will lead you to the station.
Go straight ahead on this street.
It's just down the street on your left.
Go straight along this street.
Go straight ahead along this street.
Go along this street about five minutes.
You can't go along this road.
This path will lead you to the shrine.
This is an uphill road.
This road leads to Hong Kong.
This road leads to the public hall.
This road goes to the park.
This road leads to the airport.
This road curves gently to the right.
This road is too narrow for cars to pass.
Where does this street lead to?
This road joins the highway there.
There are always a lot of vehicles on this road.
There is not much traffic on this road.
What is the breadth of this road?
Am I on the right road?
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
What do you call this animal in Japanese?
This animal is just working for rewards.
This animal is very clever.
This animal is bigger than that one.
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal.
These animals were startled by the noise of the fireworks.
Can you conjugate this verb?
Are you in favor of this motion?
This transparent liquid contains a kind of poison.
This transparent liquid contains poison.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
He remained dumb during this discussion.
We ended this discussion.
In these statistics Egypt is classed as an African nation.
This answer may not necessarily be wrong.
This peach is a beauty.
The scenery about here is very beautiful.
This island belonged to France in the 19th century.
Most snakes on this island are harmless.
This tower commands a full view of the city.
This sword has a strange history.
Colds are prevalent this winter.
We have had more snow than usual this winter.
We've had a lot of storms this winter.
We had less snow this winter than we had expected.
We are having a mild winter.
Snow fell early this winter.
We have had a lot of snow this winter.
This winter the record for snowfall was broken.
We've had a very hard winter.
It is likely to be cold this winter.
This winter has been mild.
In this winter, it seems that it gets very cold.
There has been a lot of sickness in my family this winter.
This was the coldest winter in twenty years.
I hear this is the coldest winter we have had in the past ten years.
I'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
This land belongs to Mr Ikeda.
It's wasteful to leave the land lying idle.
Who owns this land?
This land gives good crops.
This land is my property.
This site is ideal for our house.
This land belongs to the Royal Family.
This land yields a good crop of rice.
The climate here does not agree with me.
The climate here is generally mild.
A part of this land is mine.
The law forbids the building of any skyscraper on this land.
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.
This earth is moist owing to the recent rain.
This city is famous for its beautiful park.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
There is a severe shortage of water in this city, so we must give up having a bath occasionally.
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
What is the area of this city?
The population of this city is on the increase.
This city has a big TV station.
Could you tell me how to call this number?
There's a telephone book for you to see.
May I use this telephone?
This telephone is out of order.
This telephone is connected to the fax machine.
Can I make a credit card call on this public phone?
Can I make an outside call by this phone?
I'd like you to send this telegram at once.
This battery is charged.
How long will this battery last?
This train stops at every station from Nakano on.
This train rides very well.
This train gets to Chicago at 9 o'clock tonight.
This train is bound for Boston.
Where's this train bound for?
If this train is delayed, we shall miss our connection at Kobe.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
You clown you.
This country road leads to a small town ten miles away.
This tradition has been passed down from generation to generation.
To see this point, look at the table below.
It is better to ignore this point.
This point deserves special emphasis.
Opinions vary on this point.
Special care should be taken on this point.
I have nothing to say in this regard.
Opinion is divided on this point.
I will grant that you are right on this point.
We can not agree with you on this point.
She can not go along with you on this point.
This is where we absolutely disagree with you.
I fall behind him in this respect.
It is on this point that our opinions differ.
I cannot agree with you on this.
We agree on this point.
This is where I absolutely disagree with you.
This store doesn't stay open as late as I'd like.
I suggest you should do away with this shop.
This store enjoys a geographical advantage.
This shop carries men's clothing.
The store sells foodstuffs, such as butter, cheese, and sugar.
This shop deals in women's clothing.
This store is operated on a cash basis.
This store carries household equipment.
This shop is a rental video shop.
There is a large choice of bags in this shop.
This store has a variety of spices.
This store always closes at eight.
This store is closed at nine.
This store is opened at eight.
That store employs twenty clerks.
Can I reserve a bottle and have you keep it here for me?
What's your speciality?
The manager of this store is growing a beard.
The sushi at this shop tastes good.
I had to compromise on this point.
There are many postcards in this store.
Are there any bags in this shop?
Stamps are not sold in this store.
This shop can supply all your requirements.
Do you have any tax-free articles?
They sell meat at this store.
You are expected to appear well here at the shop.
Liquor is not sold at this store.
You can hire a bicycle by the hour at this shop.
You are expected to dress well for this shop.
This shop sells articles of all kinds.
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?
This weather is not good for the crops.
I hope the weather will hold for another day.
How long will this nice weather last?
I can't fancy going out in this weather.
I cannot fancy going out in this weather.
There is no going out in this weather.
I hope the weather will hold until Sunday.
This iron sheet is coated with tin.
A sprain like this should heal within a week or so.
This sum of money won't go far.
All in favor of this proposition will please say Aye.
This initiative follows the DCA phone conference on Dec 17 attended by 40 people from 27 firms.
This garden is at its best in summer.
This garden is open to the public.
This beautiful garden owes more to art than to nature.
There are a lot of roses in this garden.
There are plants of different kinds in this garden.
This ruler has the scale in millimeters.
I need to escape from this decree.
Take a no. 5 bus at this bus stop.
We all hope that this cease-fire will make for world peace.
Walking along this street, I often see a friend of mine.
Go two blocks and turn left.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
It is very dangerous to cross this street.
Just go up this street for about 200 meters.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
Go down this street three blocks.
Go two blocks along this street and turn left.
This street is clear of traffic at night.
This street is lively.
This street runs due north.
There is a constant flow of traffic on this road.
This avenue is wide but not very long.
There is heavy traffic on this street.
Traffic is heavy on this street.
There is heavy traffic in this street.
This road is too narrow for trucks to pass.
How noisy this street is!
All the motels on this road are full.
You must not park the car in this street.
If you follow this street, you will get to the station.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
Written in plain style, as it is, his paper is easy to read.
I need some medicine to kill the pain.
I can't bear this pain.
I can't stand this pain any more.
Can you obtain this rare book for me?
How did you come by those rare books?
What do you call this bird?
This bird cannot fly.
This bird lives neither in Japan nor in China.
This bird is in danger of dying out.
This bird can imitate the human voice.
This hen does not lay eggs at all these days.
How long is this?
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
This style of cooking is peculiar to China.
At this rate, we won't be able to buy a house.
This survey is too long to finish quickly.
Do you have any sightseeing tours of this town?
Is this your first visit to this town?
I'm quite a stranger in this town.
The city was ruined by the brutal force of nature.
How do you like this town?
This town is dear to us.
This city is not so busy as it used to be.
This town isn't lively.
This is a gorgeous town.
This town still retains something of the old days.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
This city is hard to live in.
This town is really dead at night.
Public morals have been corrupted in this town.
It's difficult to keep order in this town.
The population of this city is decreasing every year.
This town is increasing in population.
The population of this city has decreased.
The population of this town has been static for the last ten years.
Everyone in the city appears to be constantly on the go.
The women in this town will want flowers to put in their houses.
What is the main industry in this town?
Our city's transport problems are minor when measured against capitals like London and New York.
The climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees, even in midsummer.
Do you have a sightseeing brochure for this town?
One out of three persons in this city has his own car.
Is there a museum in this town?
Is this the first time that you have come to this town?
How old were you when this town had the big fire?
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
I don't know anybody here in this town.
This town boasts a large public library.
There are a lot of people and cars in this city. It is a busy city.
There is an old church in this town.
There are four schools in this town.
How long have you been in this town?
The frequency of crime in the town is high.
This is the cheapest store in town.
How many times a week do they collect garbage in this town?
It's bigger than any other dog in this town.
This town gave birth to several great men.
Get away from this city.
This town gave to great men.
Please put down your name in this book.
There are many questionable points in this ledger.
This deposit bears three percent interest.
The author has a beautiful style.
Can you validate this parking ticket?
Keep this insect alive.
This order has just come in over the phone.
These beams will not carry the weight of the roof.
This used car is for sale.
This used car is as good as new.
The price of this used car is reasonable.
It's very stuffy in here.
Are any of these locations easy to get to by bus?
Are any of these within walking distance?
I would take this brown tie.
Will you put on this kimono?
How nice this cup is!
This tea smells good.
This pond doesn't run dry even in summer.
The pond abounds with carp.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
This local newspaper is published once a week.
Quite a few people were killed on the cold wave that hit this area.
A cold wave hit this district.
This district forms a basin.
This district is known for its beautiful scenery.
The community will benefit from the new industry.
This area is rich in marine products.
Do you have any regional dishes?
The young women of this district are well known for their beauty.
Typhoons are frequent in this region.
We get a lot of snow here in winter.
At this point the sea narrows into a strait.
From this point the climb became suddenly steep.
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
You'll find this map very useful.
A great many houses were damaged in the earthquake.
The sole equality on earth is death.
This part of the land belongs to my stepmother.
This area has been considerably built up of late.
There are few bookstores in this area.
We often come across Japanese tourists in this area.
We can get three stations in this area.
Every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body.
This has been designated a conservation area.
This district is notorious for air pollution.
The area is built up now.
There are many stores in this area.
This area is devastated.
This area will continue to be rainy.
Water is scarce in this area.
This area is extremely isolated.
This area was first settled by the Dutch more than two hundred years ago.
It is necessary to look more carefully into the demographic configuration of this region.
Detailed maps for this area have not been drawn.
Unemployment in this part of the country is virtually nonexistent.
People living in this area are dying for want of water.
We must pay attention to the fact that no nation claimed sovereignty over this region.
The region has never been inhabited by people.
This district is free from environmental pollution.
This district attracts well-off people.
This area abounds in wild animals.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
It is the educational system that needs to be reformed in this area.
Stars can be seen at night in this area.
Stars can be seen clearly in this area.
Hunting is prohibited in this area.
Houses can't be built in this area.
Factory jobs are drying up in the local economy.
This news is important to us.
Please keep this news to yourself for a while.
This man is very, very old.
This man was charged with theft.
This boy has a strong and healthy body.
I'll answer for this man's honesty.
These men are used to hard work.
This paragraph is vague.
From this point we go on to an even more detailed examination of the concept of repression.
This heating system burns oil.
This group passes out information on such things as travel and health care, and encourages its members to vote on issues that affect this age group such as legislation regulating the insurance industry, medical care and housing.
This expedition will be expensive.
Leave out this word.
I'll look up this word in the dictionary.
Please look up this word in a dictionary.
Look up this word in the dictionary.
This word is difficult to pronounce.
What does that word mean?
How do you pronounce this word?
This word is derived from Latin.
This word is derived from German.
This word is not in common use.
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
Do you know the meaning of this word?
What is the meaning of this word?
I don't know what this word means. I'll look it up in the dictionary.
I don't understand this word.
This word has two meanings.
Can you tell me what this word means?
These shelves cannot support so many books.
Don't take out the books on this shelf.
The pickled radish needs a touch of salt.
The light is completely blocked out by the big tree.
What is all the fuss about?
There is a fairly small number of students at this university.
When was this university founded?
This college was established in 1910.
Some students in this university don't even know how to talk to teachers.
There are ten thousand students in this university.
Life at this college is nothing like I expected.
This big gate is disproportionate to the small garden.
Let's see what's happening in this big country.
This large type is easy on the eyes.
This large sofa would be out of place in a small room.
Look at this large map of America.
Where do you put the garbage in this kitchen?
Please don't place a vase on this stand.
With the token they could only go to the company shop and buy food or clothing from that shop.
This loan will carry very heavy interest.
The oranges in this bag are rotten.
This refill lasts half a year.
This experience will always remain in my memory.
The population of this village had decreased.
This village is free from air pollution.
There is no factory in this village.
There are many old men in this village.
There are fifty families in this village.
In this village, they lived a happy life.
The things in this village are cheaper than those in ours.
All this damage is the result of the storm.
I hope you will be pleased with this present.
I cannot accept this gift.
Along with this increase, there has been a change in the world's economic organization.
This statue was erected ten years ago.
This statue is as large as life.
This noise is something which I refuse to put up with.
This noise should be put up with.
I cannot put up with this noise.
This noise is annoying.
What's this noise?
I can't put up with this noise.
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.
I can't stand this noise any longer.
I can not bear this noise any more.
With this noise, I couldn't sleep a wink.
The noise is driving me crazy.
What is all this bother about?
This meadow abounds in frogs.
This device made it possible to turn sea-water into fresh water easily.
These windows look to the south.
By whom was this window broken?
This window has been broken for a month.
This window won't fasten.
This window won't open.
She is responsible for this broken window.
This window overlooks the whole city.
This window won't open. See if you can get it to move.
This vacuum cleaner makes a lot of noise.
This magnificent cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
This mouse was killed by my cat.
I do not want to reject this claim.
This organization relies entirely on voluntary donations.
This institution came into being after the war.
This organization cannot exist without you.
Since in this organization they're all chiefs and no Indians, it's a wonder any decisions get made.
This organization lacks unity.
If this organization is left as it is, it will soon go bankrupt; its recovery is as difficult as swapping horses while crossing a stream.
Generally speaking, the students of this class are very good.
This material never wears out.
The last volume is missing from this set.
The fifth volume of this set is missing.
It's been two years since I saw him last.
The last time I went to China, I visited Shanghai.
There is nothing new transpired since I wrote you last.
At the last office I went to I ran out of work after a couple of hours, which made the rest of the day rather boring.
It's been five years since I last saw you.
When did you visit Kyoto last?
How long has it been since we last met?
It is a long time since I saw you last.
She looked well when I last saw her.
Don't let me down as you did the other day.
Start reading where you left off.
Where did we leave off last time?
Several houses were damaged in the last storm.
I haven't seen him since last Sunday.
That girl couldn't take things down in longhand, let alone shorthand.
I spent last Sunday reading novels.
It happened that I was free last Sunday.
I remember riding home on a pickup truck last Sunday.
Last Sunday, Mary and I went to the library together.
Mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
I went skiing at Zao last winter.
I went skiing in Canada last winter.
Did you go to the last class?
What was the idea of leaving the cup upside down last time?
How were your last exams?
On my last visit to Kyoto I enjoyed myself very much.
The pond dried up last summer.
Last summer, I finally left the firm that I had joined twelve years before.
Last summer I had a chance to visit London.
The last time I called him, he was out.
Their food was great last time.
I found that she wore the same dress that I had seen her wear last time.
The last time I saw Kent, he was very well.
You seem to have made considerable progress since I saw you last.
Do you remember when I saw you last?
The other day I ran out of gas in the middle of a busy Interstate.
I name this ship the Queen Elizabeth.
This ship is driven by steam.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
This ship is not fit for an ocean voyage.
This ship is bound for Vancouver.
This boat goes through the jungle.
This boat sails through the Strait of Gibraltar.
What's the destination of this ship?
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
This line represents the longitude.
This line is parallel to the other.
This line is parallel to that.
Where is the end of this line?
This line marks your height.
This diver's watch is a little too expensive.
This stain won't come out.
You can't use this washing machine.
Something is wrong with this washing machine.
This stopper does not fit the bottle.
Could you tell me how to use this washing machine?
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe.
This river is dangerous to swim in.
Can you swim across this river?
This river is beautiful.
This river flows south into the sea.
This river is going to overflow.
This river rises in the mountains in Nagano.
This river is 500 miles in length.
This river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
This river sometimes overflows after the thaw.
This river extends for hundreds of miles.
This river is about one third as long as the Shinano.
This river runs through my village.
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.
This river is polluted with factory waste.
What is the name of this river?
This river is not polluted.
This river is deep enough to swim in.
The river flows too fast to swim in.
This river is very dangerous to swim in.
This river flows too fast to swim in.
This river is dangerous to swim across.
This river is safe to swim in.
The river is the widest in Europe.
This river is deepest here.
This river runs into Lake Ontario.
This river is three times longer than that one.
This river becomes shallow at that point.
This river is dangerous to swim in, in July.
The current of this river is rapid.
How wide is this river?
This river is one mile across.
The water in this river is very clean.
This river is so polluted that fish can no longer live in it.
There is a bridge about one kilometer up this river.
That bridge across this river is the oldest in the town.
This river abounds in small fish.
This river abounds in trout.
The fish caught in this river are all nice.
The number of fish caught in this river was very small.
It's dangerous to swim in this river.
Is it safe to swim in this river?
Swimming is not allowed in this river.
This technical journal is above me.
Can you break this thousand-yen bill?
This heirloom shall be yours.
This teacher goes by the name of "Pops."
Danger ahead.
None of us knows what is in store for us.
I can't write with this dull pencil.
The road ahead is frozen.
What will come?
You are mad to go out in the snow without a coat.
The trains are running in this snow.
Take this folding umbrella with you. It might come in handy.
Can I cancel this ticket?
You may give this ticket to whoever wants it.
This is a free ticket.
This ticket allows you to stop over at any station.
This ticket is good for three days.
This ticket holds good only for two days after purchase.
This ticket holds good for a month.
This ticket is good for one more week.
Could you change the departure date for this ticket?
The ticket admits two persons.
Can I see the special exhibit with this ticket?
This ticket will admit two persons free.
This ticket admits two persons.
I'll give you either of these stamps.
Whose image is on this stamp?
The red kills the whole pattern.
The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
Is this baby a he or a she?
This baby is 3 weeks old.
This red hat corresponds well to her dress.
How much for this red hat?
You have only to push this red button.
Who is ultimately responsible for this?
This soap will improve her complexion.
Help me move this stone.
Can you lift this stone?
This stone is too heavy to lift.
This stone is too heavy for me to move.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
This stone is twice as heavy as that one.
This stone weighs five tons.
This stone has a hole in the center.
This soap lathers up with water.
Will you keep this seat for me?
Will you hold this seat for me?
Can you save this seat for me?
Could you take me to this seat?
Is this seat taken?
I hope this seat is not occupied.
Where's this seat?
Is this seat empty?
I can't see the stage well from this seat.
I'm about tired of this quiet life.
Hunting game is forbidden in these tranquil woods.
Hunting game is forbidden in this tranquil wilderness.
This blue sweater is very pretty.
The payment of this bill is due today.
This work is beautifully finished.
These products are selling like hot cakes.
This product is made in Italy.
These products are superior to theirs.
This product brought us a large margin.
Please order this product by February 15, and we will be able to deliver it before March 15.
This material is not suitable for a dress.
Each of these students has his or her own opinion.
This material stretches easily.
This fabric stains easily.
This cloth is superior to that.
This cloth irons well.
I want a suit made of this material.
I'm going to make this material into a skirt.
I want to buy this material for a new dress. How much does it cost?
I'm tired of living this life.
I hope this fine weather lasts till the weekend.
This government is really putting the clock back.
This political problem gave rise to hot discussions.
This policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business.
Prices rose drastically as a result of this policy.
This system will work well in nine cases out of ten.
This system is bristling with defects and drawbacks.
There is no room for further improvement in this system.
We ought to look the world straight in the face.
Welcome to this world!
When did the world come into being?
If only there were no wars in the world.
This world is but canvas to our imaginations.
This world is but a place of passage.
There is nothing new under the sun.
Forget the anxieties of life and learn to relax.
The joys of the world do but little.
We cannot know everything in the world.
Can you imagine a time when the world is free of war?
There is nothing in this world that I am afraid of.
The day will come when I cease to be on this earth.
I don't have a care in the world.
There's only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.
What would the world do without tea?
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
The best thing in the world for a man is to choose a good wife, the worst being to mistakenly choose an ill-suited one.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
There is nothing on earth that is not affected by the sun.
There is nothing in the world from which we can't learn something.
Nothing is as terrible as losing someone you love in the world.
We don't know when this world came into being.
The only thing in the world which one can never receive or give too much is love.
During these years he wrote immortal poems.
This figure is a mirror of the decrease in imports of crude oil.
Add up this column of figures.
This essay is about a piece of luggage.
This swimming suit is made of elastic material.
It is good to drink this water.
This water contains a little alcohol.
This water is a little salty.
This water is sterilized.
This water has an ugly smell.
This water is good to drink.
This water is safe to drink.
This water tastes good.
I am halfway through this detective story.
There are a great many books in this library.
This library has a large collection of Chinese books.
There are a lot of English books in this library.
Are there any English magazines in this library?
This library has over 50,000 volumes.
At this library, you can borrow up to three books at a time.
The illustration shows the deep interior.
This chart illustrates the function of ozone layer.
This diagram will illustrate what I mean.
These children are born not of natural descent, nor of human decision or a husband's will, but born of God.
Did you make this doll by yourself?
This crowd reminds me of the streets of Tokyo.
This doll belongs to me.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
This doll costs only sixty cents.
This doll is a gift from my aunt.
This man has been blind for five years at least.
I'd like to buy this doll.
He came as a witness to testify concerning that light.
This fellow is an artist!
This is the man who they say stole the car.
These people are anything but innocent.
This is John and that is his brother.
Is this the girl you spoke well of the other day?
This man's shouting at me!
This gesture is familiar to young people.
Has anybody solved this mystery?
Destroy this temple.
It has taken forty-six years to build this temple.
These pearls look real.
Give me these 8 crimson apples please.
Fill in this application form and send it at once.
Please fill in this application form.
This offer does not meet our requirement.
There is a dense growth of vines in this forest.
There are many birds in this forest.
It is believed that ghosts exist in this forest.
You can see some wild rabbits in the forest.
You can see many animals in this forest.
This new medicine has a lasting effect.
This new medicine may aid your recovery.
The newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers.
This paper has a large circulation.
If you will not be available at the new time, please let us know.
We can offer these new products at 20% below list price.
This new singer is really great.
This new announcer keeps stumbling.
This new car will put other cars to shame.
This new model of car is so popular.
This modern machine dispenses with much hard labor.
This new model of car is so popular that they have had to open a new factory to meet the demand.
This new investment will multiply our profit.
This new soft drink is the best thing to drink this summer.
It is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale.
You will save time if you adopt this new procedure.
A feature of this new car is that if a drunk person is driving, the engine won't start.
Is this new model available on the market?
I am uncomfortable in these new shoes.
The new shoes pinch my feet.
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.
I'm getting the hang of this new machine.
With these new boots of mine, I hope to knock them dead.
This new bus service will meet the residents' needs.
This new necktie goes well with the suit.
What do you think of my new coat?
These new curtains don't go well with the rugs.
This food is unhealthy.
This food will keep for a week in an airtight container.
You had better keep this food under ten degrees.
This meal is adequate for two.
This diet is full of vitamins.
This food smells rotten.
This food does not agree with me.
This food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function.
This color becomes you.
Do you like this color?
Experience is requirement for this profession.
Please let me tell you a little bit about this position.
I'd like to have this fabric dyed.
This plant is dying for want of water.
This plant is good to eat.
The roots of the plant are greedy for water.
What are these tablets?
I'm far from happy about this situation.
I know the situation is very difficult for us.
This would enable us to compete more effectively with other agencies.
There is nobody who fulfils these conditions.
These conditions amount to refusal.
Supply me with this information as soon as possible.
This information is confidential.
Keep this information under your hat.
This information is not as up-to-date as it should be.
This information checks out all right.
You should treat this information in the main body of the text, not in the notes.
Is this information right?
I guarantee that this information is correct.
You're wrong in this case.
Can I use this area to raise vegetables?
Just right here?
Smoking is forbidden in this area.
Experience will tell in this case.
In this case, translation is, in effect, impossible.
The new rule holds good in this case.
Can we apply this rule in this case?
You can't apply this theory to this case.
Please allow me to say a few words on this occasion.
This castle is more beautiful than that.
This castle tower commands a panoramic view of the whole city.
This castle overlooks the city.
Try on both these coats and compare them.
Can you match this coat with something a little more colorful?
Why don't you try this jacket on? It looks nice with your trousers.
This coat is a little tight across the back.
This jacket has the virtue of being easy to wash.
This coat doesn't fit me.
This coat fits me very well.
This coat looks loose on me.
This coat must be altered.
This coat is rainproof.
This coat does not fit me any more.
What stuff is this jacket made of?
This jacket is a little too big.
Sign above this line.
The best laid plans of mice and men often go awry.
I am honored to be awarded this prize.
This bond is null and void.
This evidence was against him.
The evidence leaves no room for doubt; this can't be an original Picasso.
This evidence revealed him to be an embezzler.
It follows from this evidence that she is innocent.
From this evidence it follows that he is innocent.
From this evidence, it follows that he is not the criminal.
This portrait is nearly as large as life.
My uncle wrote this letter of introduction.
This chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry.
This chapter will focus on the riddles of the planets.
For how long will continue to have these symptoms?
Is this the first time you've had this symptom?
How long have you had this problem?
This promotion properly reflects the quality and diligence of your work.
The area of this floor is 600 square meters.
This boy denied having broken the window.
These boys are not good at speaking to girls.
Who is this girl?
These girls, who're my pupils, have come to see me.
Please take this parcel to the post office.
Will you mail this parcel for me?
Please send this parcel by sea.
I'd like to have this parcel registered.
I want to send this parcel at once.
I want you to send this parcel at once.
I'd like to mail this package to Canada.
This parcel is addressed to you.
This wheat is made into flour.
I have enjoyed reading this novel.
You cannot read this novel without crying.
Few students are interested in reading this novel.
It is hard to adapt this story for children.
It is difficult to understand this novel.
This novel is difficult to understand.
This novel was written by an American writer.
This novel is too difficult for me to read.
It is worthwhile to read this novel.
Every time I read this novel, I find it very interesting.
This novel is very imaginative.
This novel bores me.
This novel exercised a great influence on young people.
This novel is so easy that even a child can read it.
This novel consists of three parts.
I think this novel shows the author at his best.
This novel was translated from English.
The novel was adapted for a film.
The novel is very exciting.
This novel is interesting enough.
I have a good opinion of this novel.
This novel is both interesting and instructive.
This novel is by far more interesting than that one.
This novel is much longer than that.
This novel describes the life of the Japanese as it was a hundred years ago.
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.
Who is the author of this story?
Who do you think is the writer of this novel?
Endorse this check.
Please cash this check.
Can you cash this check for me?
Deposit this check in my checking account.
This check was not honored.
This check is payable to the bearer.
Will you honor this check?
This booklet is free of charge.
This hut is in danger of falling down.
This cottage reminds me of the one I was born in.
The scholarship enabled him to study abroad.
The goods are exempt from taxes.
This product is well known by its advertisement on television.
These goods are in great demand.
This article comes with a free gift.
There isn't much money in this business.
We paid a heavy price for this victory.
This weed killer does not harm human beings.
This lady is Indian.
She completed the trip in less than 20 hours.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
These girls are more charming than the ones I met yesterday.
The girl is not old enough to be responsible.
This is the girl that came yesterday.
Please get these papers out of the way.
In copying this paper, be careful not to leave out any words.
Will you take this document to the branch?
I want you to take this paper to her right away.
Please turn over these papers and explain the matter to me in detail.
Will you type this paper for me?
I'd like two copies of each of these documents.
Please make five copies of this document.
Will you sign your name on this paper?
The document clearly spells out the correct procedure for dealing with complaints.
Put your name on this document.
This form looks kind of complicated. Help me fill it out.
Fill out this form, please.
This study is my father's study.
I also use this study for receiving guests.
I don't like studying in this heat.
Don't go out in this heat with a bare head.
This heat will turn the grass brown.
I can't keep my coat on in this heat.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.
Why do you have to stay in London in this heat?
Recently I have been feeling a little tired, so I have not gone swimming this week.
She turned down our offer of help.
She is saving money to go abroad.
This moment will be recorded in history.
During my last spring vacation I took a job in a restaurant to help pay the costs of my trip abroad.
Fill out this registration card, please.
I don't think that you did all this homework by yourself.
There is enough time to finish this homework.
This homework is difficult for me.
This assignment is to be handed in on Monday.
This homework will take very long.
Who does the gun belong to?
This gun has a range of 300 meters.
This gun is out of bullets.
I hope you can join us at these very important July DCA meetings and complement your stay by exploring some of the many affordable charms of Tokyo.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
Can you weigh this, please?
Please help me with this heavy baggage.
The soft blanket is fit for a baby.
This residential area is comfortable to live in.
Please take me to this address.
We request this address.
Are you free this weekend?
Please remember to come and see us this weekend.
The two strongest teams will clash with each other this weekend.
This weekly comes out once a week.
This custom has become firmly established among the Japanese.
This custom is peculiar to Japan.
This custom became extinct a long time ago.
This custom has been handed down from generation to generation.
This custom began in the Edo Period.
This custom dates from the Edo period.
This custom dates from ancient times.
This custom is unique to America.
We have had lots of typhoons this fall.
We expect stormy days this fall.
It is said that there will be a general election this fall.
They say there will be a general election this fall.
They are going to bring out "Romeo and Juliet" this coming fall.
The province is rich in mineral resources.
This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
This subject is the most important.
This class will be over in ten minutes.
This liquor has a taste all of its own.
This species holds the record for long-distance migration.
I'd rather die than yield to this sort of demand.
The suit materials of this sort will not stand up well.
This kind of blanket needs good airing.
Few books of this character have come to my attention.
With this type of insurance, most policies don't come with a maturity refund.
This kind of bomb is a serious menace to mankind.
This type of cat has no tail.
Tails are absent in this type of cat.
This kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life.
I am accustomed to eating this sort of food.
This kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions.
These dictionaries are on the market.
This kind of case is amenable to statistical treatment.
Accidents of this kind often occur.
Events of that type generally arouse suspicion.
This sort of work calls for great patience.
This sort of work calls for a lot of patience.
These insects are widely distributed.
This kind of dog exists only in Japan.
This kind of experience is familiar to everyone.
This kind of experience is familiar to everybody.
This kind of shoe is apt to slip on wet ground.
A pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines.
I think this kind of custom is unique to Asian countries.
This kind of music is something that older people have difficulty understanding.
Pollutants like this derive mainly from the combustion of fuel in car engines.
This type of blouse is beginning to be dated.
This kind of rose grows wild.
Their gloves are not in pairs.
These gloves kept her hands warm.
There's a lot of red tape involved in this procedure.
He said to himself, "Will this operation result in success?"
Would you mind mailing this letter for me?
Remember to mail this letter.
See to it that this letter is posted without fail.
Don't fail to mail this letter.
I'd like to fax this to Japan.
Will you mail this letter for me?
Don't forget to mail this letter first thing in the morning.
Will you express this letter?
I want this letter registered.
I want to have this letter registered.
When I have finished writing the letter, I will take you to the lake about two miles beyond the hill.
Please remember to mail this letter.
Please mail this letter for me.
Can you mail these letters for me?
Can you mail these for me?
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
Write back to me as soon as you get this letter.
Please call me on receiving this letter.
Would you be kind enough to write?
Will you mail this letter by airmail?
Send this letter by air.
Type this letter for me.
Please mail this letter for me at once.
You had better get this letter registered for fear it should be lost.
Who is this letter from?
This letter was written by Naoko last night.
This letter is personal, and I don't want anyone else to read it.
Must this letter be written in English?
This letter is wrongly addressed.
Was this letter written by Mary?
This letter is the only key to the mystery.
This letter is too long to have it translated at a reasonable price.
This letter has to be sent right away.
Was this letter written by Ken?
Will you stamp this letter for me?
This letter bears no signature.
This letter bears a foreign stamp.
There is nothing special interest to me.
Don't bother to answer this letter.
This letter says that he will arrive on Monday.
This letter purports to be his resignation.
I gathered from this letter that he was angry.
The letter showed what he really felt.
May this letter find you well and happy.
This handmade Italian-made titanium bicycle is terribly light.
Could you put this bag in another place?
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
I don't read this kind of book much.
These things always happen in threes.
This kind of work requires a lot of patience.
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people.
This sort of music is not my cup of tea.
This arrangement is only temporary.
I'll be no party to this arrangement.
There's a lot of money at stake in this transaction.
This highway saves us a lot of time.
You need to come to terms with your jealousy of this young man.
His victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future.
You can't use this faucet. It's out of order.
This car must go.
Is this snake safe to touch?
The car is at your service.
You can put this car to use as you like.
I would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible.
This car must have had tough usage.
This car is used by my father.
This is the same type of car as my father has.
This car was so cheap that he could buy it.
This car was made in Japan.
This car is made in Japan.
This car won't start.
This car runs on natural gas.
This car isn't worth repairing.
I paid cash for the car.
This car is in good condition.
This car needs washing.
This car is as good as new.
This car is like new.
This car needs repairing.
It isn't worth repairing this car.
This car is not at my disposal.
This car is out of date.
This car is going 60km an hour.
This car is my father's.
This car is resistant to rust.
This is same car that we were in yesterday.
This car is the latest model.
This seems expensive, but it's so durable it will pay in the long run.
This car is going to break down.
This car is always breaking down lately.
This car has been used for the past ten years.
This car is running less smoothly than it used to.
This car is mine.
This car sells well.
We need to look for a gas station because this car will soon run out of gas.
This car handles very easily.
It seems that something is wrong with this car.
This car is built to serve such purposes.
This is the car with the most speed.
This car is no better than junk.
This car is not so nice as that one.
This car is better as compared with that one.
This car is very economical on gas.
This car has a better performance than that one.
This car is superior to that.
This car is as big as that car.
This car is bigger than that one.
This car accommodates five people.
This car can carry a load of 4 tons.
This car was selected the "car of the year".
I can not buy spare parts for this car.
What is the fuel mileage of this car?
What mileage do you get with this car?
The price of this car is discounted fifteen percent.
I had a Nissan before this one.
Please repair the car.
The price of this car is very high.
It is expensive running this car.
The tires of this car don't have enough air in them.
Something is wrong with the engine of this car.
This car has enough power to go up the mountain easily.
This car comes with an air conditioner.
The status of a doctor is very high in this community.
I find it apt to cause misunderstanding that society confers such emotional privileges upon youth.
I love this picture.
This shrine is sacred to Jupiter.
I want this photograph developed as soon as possible.
I never see this picture without thinking of my dead mother.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
I never see this picture without thinking of my young days.
I cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I never see this photo without being reminded of my happy days in the countryside.
The picture reminds me of my student days.
I always view this photo with disgust.
I never see this picture without thinking of him.
These pictures always remind me of the old days.
When I see this picture, I'm reminded of our holiday.
I never see this picture without being reminded of my childhood.
The picture reminds me of my family.
Every time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Please take a look at this picture.
Have a good look at this picture and find me in it.
Have a good look at this picture and tell me whether or not you can find me in it.
Have a good look at this picture.
How do you like these photos? I had them developed today.
The picture was taken by him.
This photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when I was a child.
Please call us when you see the cat in this picture.
Who is the girl in this picture?
Singapore looks very nice in this picture.
How quickly can you finish these pictures?
This grass is too wet to sit on.
Where is this play being performed?
This drama consists of just two short scenes.
This play has no humor in it.
This grass needs cutting.
You can't be too careful when doing this experiment.
The result of this experiment leads to our presumption that element T determines the entire structure.
We used the following procedures in this experiment.
It is of great significance in this experiment to accelerate the particle M in the horizontal direction.
You can't afford to be careless in this experiment.
This berry is good to eat.
This question is difficult to answer.
This question is by no means easy.
It is easy to answer this question.
Can you answer this question?
All I could mumble in response was that when I was a man of fifty, my mother would lean out of the window when I left and remind me not to drive too fast.
This fault results from my wrong decision.
I am responsible for this failure.
This failure is due to your mistake.
This failure was brought about by your own negligence.
We'll never live this fiasco down.
This turkey will serve five.
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
This turkey tastes good.
Can I use this dictionary?
I'll lend you this dictionary.
This dictionary is of great use.
This dictionary puts a special emphasis on usage.
This dictionary is handy in size.
You can depend on this dictionary.
This dictionary is useful to beginners, yes, and to advanced learners.
This dictionary is my sister's.
This dictionary doesn't belong to me.
This dictionary has been of great use to me.
This dictionary is of great use to me.
This dictionary is of great value to us.
This dictionary is great boon up to us.
This dictionary is adapted for high school students.
This dictionary is primarily intended for high school students.
This dictionary is expensive.
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.
This dictionary is by far the best.
This dictionary is as useful as yours.
This dictionary is an abridged edition.
This dictionary is of great use for students.
This dictionary is written in English.
This dictionary is no good.
This dictionary is of little use.
This dictionary is very expensive, but is worth buying.
This dictionary contains not more than 20,000 words.
This dictionary is well adapted for beginners.
This dictionary is superior to that one.
This dictionary doesn't go very far.
This dictionary is every bit as good as that one.
This dictionary is as useful as that one.
This dictionary has 12 volumes.
This dictionary, of which the third volume is missing, cost me a hundred dollars.
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
Not every word in this dictionary is important.
The revision of this dictionary took six years.
There is plenty of room for improvement in this dictionary.
This dictionary contains a lot of information.
This dictionary contains not less than fifty thousand words.
This dictionary has a preface, not a foreword.
I can't do without this dictionary.
When you compare this dictionary with that one, you can easily see which is better.
Let's compare this dictionary with that one.
Will this dictionary do?
In this dictionary the pronunciation comes right after the headword.
I cannot do without this dictionary.
This vending machine is out of order.
This vending machine won't accept 500 yen coins.
This vending machine isn't working.
This car handles well.
This car runs on alcohol.
Can I use this bike?
This bicycle needs oiling.
Whose is this bicycle?
This car is easy to handle.
This bike is easy to ride.
This bicycle needs repairing.
This bicycle belongs to my brother.
This bike is used by my brother.
This bicycle belongs to me.
This bicycle has been left here since the beginning of this month.
This bike is awful; it's too heavy.
Oil this bicycle.
I had a terrible accident riding this bike.
If in this self-portrait I seem to be staring at you, I'm not.
The magnetite is attracted to the earth's magnetic field.
The lines of this field run between magnetic north and magnetic south at the two poles.
This remedy will do you good overnight.
Next time I come, I'll bring you some flowers.
I will win the game next time.
You will be able to sing better next time.
I will come earlier next time.
When can I see you next time?
I will see you on next Tuesday, that is to say, the 10th of September.
Please tell me about your town in your next letter.
Please bring me the book next time you come.
I will tell him about it when he comes next time.
I will make up for it next time.
Ask him when to get together next.
Look me up next time you are in Kyoto.
I wanted this watch so badly I could taste it.
The quality of craftsmanship in this clock company is unsurpassed.
I would buy this watch, except it's too expensive.
I would like to exchange this watch with a cheaper one.
You can have this watch for nothing.
This watch is a real bargain.
This watch is waterproof.
This watch is my father's.
This watch keeps bad time.
This watch is of great value.
This watch is made in Japan.
The clock does not run.
This clock isn't working.
This clock is electric.
What is the price of this watch?
I guarantee this watch to keep perfect time.
This clock is accurate.
This watch needs repairing. It gains 20 minutes a day.
This watch wants mending.
The watch keeps accurate time.
This watch is not mine but yours.
This watch is expensive.
This watch is similar to mine I lost yesterday.
This clock seems to be malfunctioning.
This clock is out of order.
This watch is shock-proof.
This watch is broken.
This watch cost me ten thousand yen.
This clock gains two minutes a day.
This clock loses three minutes a day.
This clock gains one minute a day.
Something seems to be wrong with this watch.
Something has happened to this clock.
This watch costs ten dollars at the most.
This watch was given me by my uncle.
This watch is far better than that one.
This clock is far more expensive than that.
This watch is superior to that one.
This watch is less expensive than that one.
This watch is twice as expensive as that one.
This watch is as expensive a gift as that bracelet.
This watch is meant for you.
This clock strikes the quarter hour.
This watch is ten minutes slow.
This watch is ten minutes fast.
They guarantee this clock for a year.
This watch keeps correct time.
Snowing at this time of the year is unusual.
There's a lot of traffic on the roads around this time of the day.
The roads are very crowded at this time of the day.
It's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
This is the time he normally arrives.
This temple dates from the 7th century.
This temple dates back to 780.
This temple is famous for its cherry blossoms.
This temple is said to have been built over 500 years ago.
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
The usual business hours in this office are from nine to five.
This fact must not be forgotten.
This situation requires nice handling.
Please bear this fact in mind.
This fact is all but unknown to them.
This fact bears witness to his innocence.
This fact is of little consequence.
The fact is apparent to the most casual observer.
In the light of this fact, it is clear that he is innocent.
This fact accounts for his ignorance.
This fact shows that he is innocent.
This fact shows that he is honest.
This fact shows that the earth goes round the sun.
This fact shows us that he is innocent.
This accident was brought about by his carelessness.
This accident has nothing to do with me.
This accident resulted from the carelessness of the driver.
You are responsible for this accident.
There were a number of reasons for this accident.
I'll answer for this accident.
About one hundred people were killed in this accident.
We must not make too much of this incident.
Who will try this case?
This event was good publicity for the company.
This incident led the movement to collapse.
Somebody must be at the bottom of this affair.
This case has an affinity with that one.
There must be something at the back of this matter.
I remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday.
There must be someone behind this affair.
Give me a hand with this case.
The police have few clues to go on in this case.
This job eats money.
We need a large amount of money for this project.
Little did I dream of my success in this business.
Let's keep an eye on this.
I have no time to explain this in detail.
I say this from my own experience.
I'll never tell this to anyone.
How did you come to know this?
This holds for most of us.
All this may sound strange, but it is true.
Don't tell Father about this.
There must be something at the bottom of all this.
In this regard, I agree with you.
In addition to this, there are other reasons.
Perhaps he could solve this problem.
Don't be so worked up over this thing. It will all blow over before you know it.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
We cannot praise him highly enough for this.
This weighed heavily on my mind.
There's no call to get angry over this matter.
This quenched my hope.
The implications of this did not at first sink in.
It follows from this that he was aware of the fact.
This all happened at Bethany on the other side of Jordan, where John was baptizing.
This toothbrush is not used by my mother.
Is this tooth sensitive to cold foods?
This tooth is decayed.
This tooth is wobbly.
This tooth is loose.
Translating this material calls for a lot of patience.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
How boring this game is!
This game was put off.
We have this game on ice.
I don't want to lose this match.
This will be his first match in the public eye.
You can use a dictionary for this exam.
I prepared well for this examination.
This attempt resulted in failure.
This attempt has been less than a complete success.
Translating this poem is too much for me.
Who wrote this poem?
She must have been very young when she wrote this poem.
Let's learn this poem by heart.
Commit this poem to memory.
How do you interpret this poem?
I must learn this poem by heart.
This poem was written by a nameless poet.
This poem was originally written in French.
This poem is attributed to him.
This poem calls for great insight from the reader.
By whom was this poem written?
This poem is too much for me.
This poem reads like a piece of prose.
This poem was written by him last night.
This poem was written last night.
I need a pair of scissors to cut this paper.
The paper is too big for the envelope.
This paper has very good absorption.
I cannot tell which is the right side of this paper.
This paper is rough.
This paper does not absorb ink.
Please write your name at the bottom of this paper.
Would you mind writing it down on this piece of paper?
Please help me fill out this form.
This paper should be adequate for your purpose.
This thread tangles easily.
My friend here is not only a pianist, but also a composer.
Littering in this facility is subject to a maximum fine of $500.
I bought this ring at a certain place.
This ring is too big to wear on my finger.
This ring is expensive. Show me some cheap ones.
How much is this ring worth?
This ring lost its luster.
I can't get this splinter out of my finger.
Will you guide me around the city?
This city has been increasing in population year after year.
How large is the population of this city?
The mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people's requests.
There are a number of movie theaters in this city.
There are a number of places to see in this city.
There are many amusements in the city.
It's the highest building in this city.
There are many movie theaters in this city.
This puppy is crying, because it is homesick for its mother.
I'm angry at the neglect of these children.
These children are neglected by their parents.
Give these children three pieces each.
The child is learning quickly.
This child solved the complicated mathematics problem easily.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
This child is as gentle as a lamb today.
This child is teething now.
This child has grown up normally.
This boy's intelligence is above average.
Put the kid into these clothes.
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
I'll be with you as soon as I finish this job.
I expected to finish this work, but I couldn't.
If we don't finish this job, we'll lose the next contract.
I will go out when I have finished this work.
I will read a book when I have finished this task.
To complete this work, the following working items are recommended.
I hope we can start this task next month.
This job will mean moving to another city.
It is impossible for me to finish this work in a day.
Go ahead with this work.
Let's finish this work as soon as possible.
You will have to take on someone to do this work.
This job makes tremendous claims on our emotional strength.
I've been in that line of work for five years.
I don't think I can get through all this work by five.
It is just out of the question for me to finish the work in a day.
This work doesn't pay.
This work must be finished by tomorrow.
This work is not necessarily easy.
This work is made for him.
This task is too much for him.
This work can be finished in half an hour.
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.
This work calls for special skill.
This work is simple enough for me to do.
This work is simple enough for a child to do.
I can't get this work done by anybody.
I do not want anyone for this job.
This job involves lots of hard work.
This job calls for skill.
This work is beyond me.
This job is too much for me.
This task is too much for me.
This job fulfils my expectations.
This job is beyond my ability.
This work is enough to break my back.
This work is difficult for us.
This task took three hours.
This job will take twice as long as I expected.
This work calls for a high degree of skill.
This work has to be finished by Monday.
This work is anything but easy.
This work is by no means easy.
Is the job too much for you?
Let me put this business in your hands.
I'll leave this work to you.
This job calls for practice.
This job doesn't pay.
I can't make heads or tails of this assignment.
This work does not meet our requirements.
The work doesn't need much effort.
It's nothing like desk work.
This job is not for every person in the battery.
This job is not for any person in the battery.
Do you think this job is fit for the man?
This work must be finished within two years.
This work can be done within a week.
This work took me 5 days, but it will take you as many weeks.
The accomplishment of this task took many years.
This job carries me all over the world.
I fear this work will take up most of my time.
Don't spare yourself in this work.
This job gives me the hump.
This job will call for a lot of money.
There is no future in this job.
Ability to operate a computer is critical for this job.
I don't get enough challenge in this job.
In this activity one immediately sees the result.
Experience counts in this job.
Little money will come from this business.
I wish this job was over.
You can go home after you have finished this work.
This job is my bread and butter.
I intend to take a month's vacation on completion of this work.
The manager said, "Let's begin with this job."
I can take a good long rest when this work is finished.
This job is killing me.
This device is actuated by a switch.
This mountain path ascends to the beautiful lake.
It's dangerous to climb this mountain.
This mountain is difficult to climb.
It's very pleasant here in the mountains.
This mountain is among the highest in the world.
This mountain scenery is very beautiful.
What is the height of this mountain?
Climbing this mountain is very difficult.
We found out recently that some foxes live here on this mountain.
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?
In all likelihood, you will pass the entrance exam if you use this textbook.
This reference is valuable for my research.
This reference book is of benefit to you all.
This man who has an umbrella is Ken.
I'll take this umbrella.
This umbrella will be hers.
These dishes don't retain heat very well.
The three organizations are the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
You should get rid of these weeds.
Do you want to read this magazine?
May I have this magazine?
This magazine is issued every month.
This magazine carries much news of importance.
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Don't throw away this magazine.
This magazine is widely read.
This magazine circulates widely.
This magazine sells well.
The editor and publisher of this magazine was criticized by some readers.
How many subscribers does this magazine have?
This magazine helps me to keep up with what's happening in the world.
According to this magazine, the economic situation in Japan is getting worse year by year.
According to this magazine, my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring.
I will have to get rid of this worn-out carpet.
The girl who wrote this composition is Nancy.
This composition leaves nothing to be desired.
This composition is so badly written than I can not make out what he means.
The English used in the composition is too good. She can't have written it herself.
There are a few mistakes in this composition.
This composition is free from errors.
This work is beyond my grasp.
This work is an improvement on your last.
The threats to this strategy are numerous.
I'd like you to pick up the pace a little on this job.
This writer is at his best in his short stories.
Where did you find this wallet?
This purse is made of paper.
I think that this material is of benefit to everyone.
This material has no give.
When the Englishman heard this last question, he could not believe his ears.
Please air the zabuton.
I wish you would tell me what I ought to do in this difficult situation.
I've been in bad shape these days.
I am gardening these days just to kill time.
Nowadays she is lost in tennis.
Jobs are hard come by these days.
Everyone seems to be short of money these days.
We often hear about an energy crisis these days.
Nowadays, traveling costs a lot of money.
You don't seem to be yourself these days.
This antique brazier no longer has any real utility.
This hard work has made me very tired.
This blackboard is not black, but green.
There is much sugar in this black box.
This national park is full of beautiful scenery.
This national treasure can be seen by the public only once a year.
This country was subject to a neighboring country.
This country is really going to the dogs!
This country has an even temperature throughout the year.
This county is poor in natural resources.
This country is rich in oil.
This country is rich in coal.
This is the most beautiful country I have ever visited.
This country is safe from attack.
This country has four seasons.
This country has a mild climate.
Rain is scarce in this country.
How long do you plan to stay in this country?
The climate is mild in this country.
Please show me some of the travel guides for this country.
People in this country make it a habit to bow when they meet.
People of this country do not respect their old traditions any longer.
The population of the country is roughly estimated at 50,000,000.
The population of this country is diminishing.
The population of this country is smaller than that of the United States.
I am uneasy about the future of this country.
What are the main products of this country?
One of the main products of this country is coffee.
This nation's economy is growing by leaps and bounds in recent years.
Several universities in this country enjoy great prestige.
What's your purpose in visiting this country?
My faith in this country was never shaken.
There were no Japanese in this country.
There are many cities in this country.
Oil is scarce in this country.
Some of them go without shoes in this country.
Foreign tourists in this country are numerous.
It was the most popular sport in this country.
Cultures of the East and the West are mixed in this country.
Women didn't use to talk politics in this country.
A lot of children live from hand to mouth in this country.
A politician has to be able to stick with any lies in this country.
The birthrate is rapidly declining in this country.
Freedom of speech was restricted in this country.
In this country there are only few examples that ideology and religion are helpful in character building for people.
For too long society has placed sole emphasis on children's test results, to the detriment of social discipline.
Money lending is a profitable business in this country.
They cannot do without camels in this country.
Every fifth person has a car in this country.
It is unlikely that this indictment will lead to his deportation.
There are no fewer than a dozen bedrooms in this mansion.
These totals check with mine.
This expressway connects Tokyo with Nagoya.
This high humidity makes me feel tired.
He won't come in a rain like this.
This steel is stainless.
This mine will close down next month.
Please give us a call now if you want to participate in the workshop!
This course will help you master correct pronunciation.
This course teaches basic skills in First Aid.
This aircraft company deals with freight only.
This action makes me grumble.
I assume that this idea will work well.
I intend to hammer this idea into the student's heads.
I have to oppose this idea.
This idea is the basis of my argument.
The harbor can be blocked.
These structures would rarely, if ever, occur in spoken English.
We encounter similar difficulties when we substitute rectangles for triangles in this configuration.
That's an interesting ad.
This factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.
This factory can turn out 200 cars a day.
Robots have taken the place of men in this factory.
They are manufacturing TV sets in this factory.
We'll have a good crop if this good weather keeps up.
Don't let this chance slip by.
Avail yourself of this opportunity.
I cannot finish reading this thick book in a week.
This play has ended.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
On Saturdays, we usually visit in this park.
This park is at its best in spring.
This park is really beautiful and clean.
This park is a paradise for children.
This park used to be a hunting ground for a noble family.
This park lends itself to recreation.
This park is famous for its roses.
How big is this park?
The park is open to everybody.
This park is more beautiful than that.
This park is famous for its cherry blossoms.
There are many birds in this park.
There are as many as two hundred cherry trees in this park.
Can we roller-skate in this park?
We want to break off this negotiation.
What's the name of this intersection?
This symphony is a real masterpiece.
Can you clearly define this word?
This word is also French in origin.
This word has gone out of use.
This word is not in current use.
This word is still in use.
This word was borrowed from French.
This word is derived from Greek.
The accent of this word is on the second syllable.
How is the word accented?
This word has a double meaning.
Let the tea draw for ten minutes.
This lake is the deepest in Japan.
This lake is deep.
How deep this lake is!
This lake is among the deepest in the country.
This lake is deepest at this point.
This lake is the deepest in this country.
The lake is deepest at this point.
How deep is this lake?
This lake abounds in various kinds of fish.
Fish abound in this lake.
This lake abounds in trout.
Some believe Nessie lives in this lake.
A mysterious legend has been handed down about this lake.
It's dangerous to swim in this lake.
It is safe to skate on this lake.
This lake supplies our city with water.
This door won't lock.
The door will not open.
Everyone knows that there is something new in this old capital.
This antique clock is worth one thousand dollars.
This old book is quite out of date.
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.
Nothing ever happens in this old village.
I want to have this old coat made over.
This old coat has had it.
I don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
This old building has seen better days.
This old building isn't worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
This old fish has a strange taste.
We should do away with these old rules.
This old house is made of wood.
They say this old house is haunted.
This old French table is a very valuable piece of furniture.
This old table is still in use.
This old suit is just about done for; I shall have to get a new one.
This proverb is worth remembering.
This word conjures up a new way of life.
Is this word in common use?
This word comes from Greek.
This word does not translate well.
These words were spoken by someone who shall be nameless.
The word came to be used for all small heavenly bodies revolving about larger ones.
Please tell me how to pronounce this word.
These words brought tears to her eyes.
We can decide that this phenomenon is not related to either pollutant.
There is not a physical explanation for this phenomenon yet.
This general rule refers only to children.
I'd better rewrite this paper.
This microscope magnifies objects by 100 times.
Please take charge of this key.
This key admits to his room.
I'm afraid this key does not fit.
Where can I find an outlet for all my anger?
This guard is very strong.
From this standpoint history can be divided into two main epochs.
From this point of view, you are right.
This offer expires on August 15, 1999.
This silk feels smooth.
I hope this expense report contains all the relevant business expenses because I'm not paying a cent more after this.
This laboratory is where we study every day.
This study compares the immigration policies of various nations.
In the early part of my study, I allude to work that had already been done on the psychology of crowd-control.
The patients in this study consisted of 30 males and 25 females.
To what extent did he play a part in the research project?
It took me five hours to make this kennel.
This dog is trained to smell out drugs.
Who looks after this dog?
This dog is big.
The dog is as good as dead.
This dog is a mongrel.
This dog is trained to save people in the mountains.
This dog is, so to speak, a member of our family.
This dog is conditioned to bark at strangers.
This dog is our regimental mascot.
This dog eats almost anything.
This dog minds well.
The dog has a keen scent.
How clever this dog is!
This dog is more attached to us than this cat.
This dog was born two months ago.
This dog is the biggest in this town.
You must not smoke in this building.
This right must be protected at all costs.
I want this building for a garage.
This building is very large.
This building also is a bank.
This building was named after him.
The structure is deficient in harmony.
This building is made of stone.
This building looks large from the front, but not from the side.
This building should be kept as a national heritage.
This building is near completion.
This building is one of the many glories of Venice.
This building is off limits now.
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
It is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building.
You aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building.
Is there a public toilet in this building?
You are not permitted to bring dogs into this building.
You are not to leave this building.
Get the rubbish out of the building.
Is this building open to the public?
This ticket is available for a whole year.
This ticket is good for two weeks.
What is the cause of my condition?
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.
See to this matter right away, will you?
I would like to know how you will proceed in this matter.
How do you view this matter?
We would appreciate it if you grant us this concession.
Let's take up this matter after lunch.
It was proposed that this matter be considered at the next meeting.
This case is outside my jurisdiction.
The matter touches your interest.
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
I leave the matter to your judgement.
How do you feel about the issue?
I would like to talk with you about this matter.
His interpretation of this matter is too one-sided.
I can't agree with them on this matter.
Do you have anything to say with regard to this matter?
I am really in the dark on this case.
I apologize that I'm not able to give a better reference to this work.
Would you please check this matter with your bank?
If you want to discuss the situation, please let us know.
Please look into this matter as soon as you can.
I will get in touch with you again about this matter.
I must bring home to him the fact that he is wrong in this case.
We oppose the government on this matter.
There is little, if any, risk in this matter.
Your request of this matter has been accepted.
Get me all the information you can on this matter.
Please make an appointment to come in and discuss this further.
Your help would be appreciated on this matter.
Can I hear your comments about this?
I want to remain anonymous in this.
Secrecy is of the essence in this matter.
In this case, I think he is correct.
Please accept our apologies for the trouble this matter has caused you.
This marriage will be advantageous to his career.
This result means, contrary to prior expectations, that the number of variants does not affect the processing speed.
This result disappointed his hopes.
This result leaves much to be desired.
We've got to fill this hole with something.
This hole was formed by a falling of a meteorite.
This decision will reflect on his future career.
This decision is not binding on all of you.
This decision is final.
Your suggestion weighed heavily in this decision.
If it were not for this defect, I should hire him at once.
This theater has a seating capacity of 500.
We are not supposed to drink in this theater.
This play was adapted from the novel.
This play has three acts.
This drama will be on the air tomorrow.
The title of this play is "Othello".
It's not easy to pick out the best actors for this play.
This chicken is fried well.
How many eggs does this hen lay each week?
Are you going to let this fried chicken go begging?
Something is wrong with this calculator.
This plan can hardly be improved upon.
You have to go over this project carefully.
Let's try this plan.
What do you think of this plan?
This plan requires secrecy.
This plan is impossible to accomplish.
The plan was doomed to failure from the start.
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.
This plan is being discussed right now.
This plan will bankrupt the economy of our town.
This project still leaves much to be desired.
This plan has not yet been cleared by the committee.
What do you say to this plan?
This plan is good in some ways.
This plan will serve its purpose to some extent.
This project will involve 50 trained staff members.
The main feature of this scheme is still ambiguous.
What is the main purpose of this plan?
What is the central aim of this plan?
The capital for this plan was prepared.
Do you have any objection to this plan?
Don't you agree to this plan?
There's much room for improvement in this project.
There is little merit in this plan.
They had good flashes of inspiration about this plan.
I know about this project for the most part.
Keep mum about this plan.
What do you think about this plan?
Her help is vital to the success of this plan.
It is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not.
Leave me out of this plan. I don't want to get involved.
This experience counts for much in his life.
This experience will do you good in the long run.
This scenery carries me back to my old native town.
This view reminds me of my home town.
How wonderful this sight is.
Please stick this notice to the door.
What does this sign say?
This agreement is binding on all parties.
This agreement holds good for a year.
This contract binds me to pay them 10 thousand dollars.
This agreement is binding on all of us.
This style of hat is now in fashion.
This type of mobile phone sells well.
A TV set of this size will take little space.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now.
This type of camera is now out of fashion.
Can I use this dictionary of yours?
These socks do not match.
Where is the mate to this sock?
There's a hole in this sock.
It'll take a few days to break in these shoes.
These shoes need polishing.
Try these shoes on and see if they fit you.
These boots belong to her.
The shoes are the same size.
These shoes will last you two years.
I wonder if these shoes will last well.
These shoes are expensive, and what is more, they are too small.
Whose are these shoes?
These shoes are not suitable for running.
These shoes are a little loose.
These shoes are too small for me to put on.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
These shoes are big enough for me.
These shoes have lasted one year.
These shoes will stand up to hard use.
These shoes are so tight that I can't put them on.
These shoes are too tight.
These shoes are too tight to get into.
These shoes are made in Italy.
These shoes will not stand too much wear.
This pair of shoes is a size larger.
Do you have these shoes in my size?
From the look of the sky, the typhoon will probably be raging in all its fury about this time tomorrow.
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, we might have a shower before nightfall.
This airport is easily accessible by bus.
I hope to visit this airport again.
There is a threat of rain in the dark sky.
Where should I throw away this empty cup?
The pain is killing me.
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.
How is this phrase to be interpreted?
What is the meaning of this phrase?
You can omit the preposition in this phrase.
This silverware set has been in my family for generations.
This metal burnishes well.
This metal is free of rust.
This metal is comparable to iron in strength.
This metal is called zinc.
This safe is for keeping valuables.
This gold watch is the apple of my eye. Mother gave it to me as a keep-sake in her later years.
Keep this money for me.
Let's divide this money between you and me.
This money goes for food.
This money is due to you.
The money will carry us for about a month.
The money will be enough to carry me to Hong Kong.
Is there a restaurant around here that serves local delicacies?
All the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that I can't tell them apart.
There are no food stores in the immediate area.
Is there a post office near here?
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
I wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area.
Is there a hospital near here?
Is there a nearby branch of a Japanese bank?
Are there any Japanese restaurants near here?
There is a military base near here.
There are a number of nice restaurants near here.
Is there a tennis court around here?
Is there a mall near here?
Is there a golf course near here?
Three large buildings near here are under construction.
We have no other alternative but to swap horses midstream and inject a fresh atmosphere and new ideas into our organization.
This music reminds me of that girl.
I remember hearing this tune before.
This music is popular with young people.
This tune is quite familiar to us all.
This song was written by Phil last year.
At this corner there happened an accident that was to be remembered for years.
Money really talks in this business.
This extraordinary increase is explained by the speedy economic unification which took place during the same period.
What's all this fuss about?
I never cross this bridge without being reminded of my childhood.
Heavy posts are needed to sustain this bridge.
This bridge is made of wood.
This bridge was built two years ago.
This bridge is made of iron.
How long is this bridge?
This bridge will not endure long.
This bridge is built of stone.
This bridge bears only ten tons.
This bridge became famous among young people.
This is the longest bridge in the world.
This bridge looks secure.
This bridge is twice the length of that one.
This bridge is three times as long as that bridge.
This bridge is one and half times as long as that.
The bridge is supported by 10 posts.
I don't know the exact length of this bridge.
There is a water mill above the bridge.
This classroom is very large.
This classroom is cleaned.
This classroom can accommodate only thirty students.
This lesson should be kept in mind.
Keep this lesson in mind.
How old is this church?
This church was built in the 12th century.
This church dates from the 12th century.
This church is not a big one, as churches go.
Whose is this textbook?
This textbook is good.
This textbook is intended for foreign students.
This textbook is too hard for me.
This textbook, having been printed in haste, has a lot of printing mistakes.
How many credits can I get for this course?
This terrible monster was the Sphinx.
Note that the impetus for change has undergone a series of transformations in this community.
This game is similar in some ways to today's American football.
In this game, players were not allowed to kick the ball.
What do you call this fish in English?
This fish smells bad.
This fish is free from poison.
This fish is big.
This fish is not fit to eat.
This fish is unfit to eat.
This fish is done.
This fish is bony and it is not easy to bone it.
This fish is inexpensive but nourishing.
Is this fish still alive?
This fish has a lot of small bones in it.
This fish has a bad smell.
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.
This milk is free from germs.
This milk tastes sour.
The butcher who sold me this beef is always friendly.
This beef is tender.
This beef is very nice and tender.
This beef is four dollars per pound.
We can hardly keep alive on this salary.
This stadium will hold 50,000 people.
It is very imprudent to swim in the rapids.
It must be dangerous to swim in this rapid stream.
This palace was built for the rich king.
This blotting paper absorbs ink well.
This hill commands a fine view of the bay.
You can see the whole city from this hill.
The hill commands the panorama of the city.
You can see millions of stars on this hill.
This hill commands a very fine view.
This coffee shop is cozy.
The retro feel of this cafe is a hit with young people.
We would often have a chat in this coffee shop.
Any doubts about the validity of this argument are promptly forgotten once we see the data.
Basic to the argument is the assumption that the rules in question are present in the language.
I cannot but regret the time wasted in this discussion.
What is significant in this argument is that his theory can identify those phenomena.
I think that he is in the right in this dispute.
I welcome any corrections or additions to these minutes.
This measure is in accord with our policy.
The duty must be discharged by every one of you.
You must be superior to me in this skill.
This ceremony has been handed down from generation to generation.
This record still stands.
This monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country.
This monument is in memory of a great statesman.
This monument was erected in February, 1985.
Is it possible to reprint this article?
This article is critical of the way investigations are being made into the matter.
This article was written by a college professor.
The author of this article is a famous critic.
This article contains tips for those who are eager to increase their vocabulary.
Check up on the accuracy of this article.
I don't know what this symbol stands for.
I can't understand this sign's meaning.
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good.
Anyone who breaks this rule is liable to severe punishment.
The rule reads in two ways.
This rule does not apply.
This rule applies to all cases.
This rule isn't suited to the present situation.
This rule cannot be applied to you.
This rule is applied to foreigners only.
This rule applies to any case.
This rule holds good at all times.
This rule can be applied to any case.
This rule does not apply to the case.
This rule cannot be applied to that case.
This rule has no application to the case.
This rule reads several ways.
This rule holds good in every case.
This rule cannot be applied to every case.
This rule applies to you, too.
This rule doesn't apply to first-year students.
This rule allows no exception.
There are cases where this rule doesn't hold good.
I can except no one from the rules.
It is not reasonable to suppose that this rule is applicable under any condition.
Eggs are cheap this season.
Food goes bad easily in this season.
It's not easy to come by apples at this time.
In this season we often suffer from an excess of rain.
It's not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year.
This train leaves at nine o'clock.
This climate doesn't agree with me.
No plant can grow in this climate.
Who invented this machine?
I don't like this model but I'll have to make do with it.
You can't rely on this machine.
This machine works by electricity.
This machine is driven by electricity.
This machine does not run well.
Who was this machine invented by?
This machine saves us a lot of labor.
This machine answers to human voice.
This machine is driven by a small electric motor.
This machine is driven by a small motor.
This machine is too heavy for me to carry.
This machine is superior in quality to that one.
This machine is now out of date.
This machine sometimes breaks down.
This machine is out of order.
This machine has gone out of date.
This machine will be quite useful for our studies.
This machine produces electricity for our daily use.
This machine makes 100 copies a minute.
This machine is easy to handle.
This machine is of great use.
This machine is most dangerous; don't touch it.
This machine was of great use to us all.
There's something wrong with this machine.
How do you operate this machine?
This machine was out of order for a while.
This machine consumes 10% of all the power we use.
This machine can print sixty pages a minute.
By whom was this machine invented?
This machine cranks out a thousand screws an hour.
This machine is inferior to that one in durability.
Please tell us the good points of this machine.
The operation of this machine is too difficult for me.
Do you know how to use this machine?
I can't remember how to use this machine.
The mechanism of this machine is complicated.
You must keep this machine free from dust.
I think this machine is in need of repair.
This machine doesn't have a safety device.
I can't use this machine.
Can you explain how this machine works?
I'll demonstrate how this machine works.
It is doubtful whether this machine works well or not.
You ought to take advantage of this opportunity, for it may not come again.
We will take advantage of this chance.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.
I'm so grateful to you for this opportunity.
Take care not to throw away this chance.
You should avail yourself of this opportunity without fail.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity.
This opportunity should be taken advantage of.
On this occasion, we should drink a toast.
Will you help me move this desk?
This desk is used by Yumi.
This desk is made of wood.
This desk is different from the one I ordered.
This desk has lost one of its legs.
This desk is good.
This desk takes up too much room.
This desk was too heavy to lift.
This desk was too heavy for Patty to lift.
This desk is mine.
This desk is a little low for me.
This desk is designed for children.
You can adjust this desk to the height of any child.
This desk is broken.
This desk is made of hard wood.
This desk is used by me.
This desk is used by Tom.
This desk was broken by Tony.
Where does this desk go?
This desk cost me no more than 30000 yen.
This desk is the best of all the desks.
This desk is better than that one.
This desk is as good as that one.
This desk cost me no less than 30000 yen.
This desk cost me 20,000 yen.
Little is known of this curious plant.
Who designed this strange building?
Don't fail to learn these basic words by heart.
May happiness and joy come to you as you celebrate this joyous day.
This company manufactures computer chips.
This scheme is clumsy production wise.
We must consider the financial aspects of this project.
You should rethink this program.
This project may not pay off.
Please state your opinion with relation to this project.
I want you to search high and low for a writer who's just right for this project. Leave no stone unturned.
This project admits of improvement.
What does this rock look like?
This rock has the shape of an animal.
These toys are suitable for girls.
These pills act on the heart.
It is the behavior of the control group that is important in this connection.
Let us consider in this connection the influence of Western ideologies on Korean literature.
Sending manuscript after manuscript paid off. A magazine finally published my work.
This is a good report, except for this mistake.
Except for this mistake, this is a good report.
In order to fix this mistake we'll have to tear out this seam.
This mistake is due to his carelessness.
I am to blame for this mistake.
I was at a musical recently, in the third row. Seeing the actor I love up close like that made me feel more smitten with him than ever.
The other day he bought a wallet made of kangaroo leather for me.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
In the last typhoon, the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour!
Can you account for your absence last Friday?
You said so the other day, didn't you?
We watched a TV program the other day about your people.
I went to the dentist recently and he did a cast of my teeth and took an X-ray, 'just in case.' It sounds like a good business to be in.
I got your fax the other day.
The other day I noticed I was driving around with the parking brake on. It's a wonder the car could even move.
From this point of view we should say he was right.
This can hold about 4 gallons.
What does this kanji mean?
If you continue to take this herbal medicine, it will do you good.
This custom should be done away with.
This tradition is followed in most households.
This practice has long since been done away with.
These patients have trouble walking.
It will be a long time before this patient gets well again.
This generous offer may be a mere pose.
I can't put up with this cold.
The cold was the worst in fifty years.
I can't stand this cold.
I can no longer stand the cold.
You must not leave her waiting outside in such cold weather.
Give me a hand with this bag.
This bag was carried by car.
This bag looks as tough as the one you have.
This amount includes tax.
This frame shows the painting to good advantage.
This theory consists of three parts.
Going to this school requires a lot of money.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
This school has no heating.
This school is ours.
Discipline is rather mild at this school.
This school has many students.
This school supplies students with textbooks.
The standards for admission to this school are very high.
The students of this school are kind.
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English.
Let me tell you about the origin of this school.
Only 16 percent of the teachers of this school are female.
The curriculum of this school is wide and shallow.
Two-thirds of the students of this school are boys.
This school has several foreigners on the roll.
There are forty-one teachers and about eight hundred students in this school.
Talented students come from far and wide to attend this school.
There used to be a bake-shop on this corner.
No country under the sun is safe in this nuclear age.
What has brought you to this city?
This town has undergone a rapid change.
It's been ten years since I came to this town.
Please drop in to see us any time you're in town.
I tried to find out how many people really live in this town.
Go up these stairs.
These cough lozenges taste bitter but they will do you much good.
This picture is of my uncle.
This drawing dates back to the fifteenth century.
This painting is attributed to Picasso.
Put these pictures up us for wall, please.
It is me that painted this picture.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
Could you hold this picture straight for a while?
I cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother.
This picture reminds me of our happy days in England.
I cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood.
This picture always reminds me of my hometown.
I can't see this picture without thinking of my mother.
Look at this picture.
How did you come by this painting?
This painting will pass for genuine.
Is this a picture of his own drawing?
By whom was this picture painted?
The picture is done in a masterly style.
This painting is a representation of a storm at sea.
This painting is attributed to Monet.
The picture was painted by a famous painter.
This painting is worth a great deal of money.
You will find the scene just as you see it in this picture.
It's not hard to see what the results of this rise will be.
You aren't allowed to swim at this beach.
It is very pleasant to sail these waters.
This flashlight is getting dim.
This flashlight needs two batteries.
Could you put these fragile things in a safe place?
This broken vase can't be repaired.
This connection is too slow for me to watch movies.
I mean to quit this company.
This company has a fine organization.
The company deals in various goods.
This corporation is well known for its communication equipment.
Who do you think will take over the company?
This firm prints a lot of educational books.
This firm ranks second in the oil trade.
In this company, there are more women than men.
My grandfather founded and my parents developed this company.
This firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day.
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm.
This company manufactures televisions.
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.
Who is the boss of this company?
This office is divided up into camps.
This firm has a hundred employees.
Manual labor is necessary in this company.
Chances of promotion are slim in this firm.
In this firm, women work on equal terms with men.
Women work on equal terms with men in this firm.
You must be able to speak either English or Spanish in this company.
Monday through Friday are work-days in this company.
Do you know his status in the company?
I would quit before I would do that job in this company.
Rather than putting off this meeting, why don't we just call it off?
Little does he realize how important this meeting is.
This is very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
The meeting had 12 attendees.
This society has a large membership.
This association shall be called the E.S.S.
What is the chief aim of this society?
Are you a member of this society?
Kindly address yourself to the chairman, not directly to other representatives at this meeting.
The image quality is really bad - the resolution is so low.
This artist creates beautiful paintings.
This artist is soon to be famous like Yamagata.
What image did you have in mind as you painted this picture?
Now that I have finished this assignment I want to go to sleep, but I have to go to school.
This subject is not within the scope of our study.
Learn this lesson by heart.
Do you have any questions in this lesson?
Please help yourself to these cakes.
I can't carry all that baggage.
I'd like to send these to Japan.
I'd like to send this package to Japan.
Could you hold these bags until four this afternoon?
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?
Just help me with this baggage.
Could you put these bags in the trunk?
What shall I do with his luggage?
I want this luggage taken to my room at once.
This baggage is too big to send by mail.
This baggage three times as heavy as that one.
Please take care not to break this vase.
This vase is made of iron.
It may have been Mr Sato who sent these flowers.
Can you arrange these flowers for me?
This flower is found in different parts of Hokkaido.
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?
These flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant.
This flower has a scent all its own.
This flower is as beautiful as any in the garden.
This flower is very beautiful.
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.
These flowers are dying.
This flower gives off a strong fragrance.
This flower smells sweet.
How beautiful this flower is!
What do you call this flower?
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
This flower is called a lily in English.
What do you call this flower in English?
This flower is a kind of rose.
How pretty is this flower!
How beautiful this flower is.
These flowers will live through the winter more often than not.
This flower smells nice.
This flower is more beautiful than that one.
This flower is as beautiful as that one.
This flower is more beautiful than that rose.
Do you know the name of this flower?
The smell of this flower calls up my childhood.
Do you want any of these flowers?
This flower makes the room!
The fire reduced the whole village to ashes.
This river flows all the way to New Orleans.
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
This singer is made too much of.
This is an opera in five acts.
This opera has three acts.
This song reminds me of young days.
This song reminds me of my childhood.
This song reminds me of my happy days.
Whenever I hear this song, I am reminded of my school days.
This song reminds me of my junior high school days.
This song reminds me of my hometown.
This song always reminds me of my childhood.
I never listen to this song without remembering my school-days.
These songs remind me of the happy memories of past days.
Let's sing this song, shall we?
Can you sing this song?
This song is very popular in Japan.
This song is liked by many people.
This song is not loved by girls.
This song makes me happy.
This song reminds me of the good old days.
This song is familiar to us.
This song is easy to learn.
This song sounds sad.
This song is a love song.
This song is known to everyone.
This song was written by Foster.
This song is No. 1 on the hit chart.
They love this song.
This song always makes me think of my good old days.
This song always reminds me of my school days.
This song was popular in the 1970s.
This song comes down to us from the tenth century.
This song's name is "Only You".
Will you tell me how to sing this song?
This fruit has not matured enough to be picked.
How delicious this fruit is!
This basket of fruits is a slight acknowledgement of your kindness.
This fruit has a bad taste.
How many credits is this course?
This scientific article reads like a novel.
Everyone knows that this chemical is harmful to man.
The scientist is famous not only in Japan but also in foreign countries.
How many people are there in this household?
This furniture is superior beyond comparison.
This house is conveniently situated but the trouble is that it is too small for my large family.
This is the house where he was brought up.
This house is not for sale.
This house has a solid foundation.
Does this house withstand earthquakes?
Who owns this house?
This house is made of stone.
This is a small house, but it will do for us.
This house belongs to my uncle.
This house is very comfortable to live in.
This house is too narrow to live in.
This house is anything but comfortable to live in.
I like this house, because it is very comfortable.
This house must be done up.
This house is registered in my name.
This house is mine.
This house is mine, not yours.
This house belongs to Mr Yamada.
This house will not sell as it stands.
This house is ten years old, but that house over there is quite new.
This house is leaning to one side.
This house is fireproof.
This house is free of rent.
This house needs painting.
Painted white, this house looks bigger.
This house is very good.
This house is very spacious.
This house is not very large.
This house will let easily.
I like this house as it is.
This house is as large again as that one.
This house is large enough for your family to live in.
This house is about the same size as Peter's.
The kitchen of this house is very large.
Who is the owner of this house?
What is the area of this house?
It is I who am head of this family.
Have you a room to let in this house?
I feel a strong attachment to this house.
This house has two bathrooms.
This house has six rooms.
No one dwells in this house.
This house has eleven rooms.
I want to travel this summer, but I don't know where to go.
This summer I went to Nikko, and stayed overnight.
It is the hottest this summer.
I'm going to make a tour of Kyushu this summer.
I wanted to work this summer.
We would like to visit Nikko during this summer vacation.
I swam a lot during this summer vacation.
Are you going away this summer?
I will have been to Hokkaido three times if I go once again this summer.
We have had a lot of thunder this summer.
I'll be able to afford a week's vacation this summer.
A holiday this summer is out of the question.
Can you afford to take a holiday this summer?
We have had much rain this summer.
We have had a little rain this summer.
This summer it has rained very little.
I am going to swim a lot this summer.
I am going to try to get a good tan.
This is going to be the hottest summer in thirty-six years.
This is the hottest summer we have had in thirty years.
I'll travel across Europe by bicycle this summer.
When I visited my hometown this summer, I found the city different from what it had been ten years ago.
Are you going to go anywhere this summer?
I finally went to England this summer.
I'm going to America this summer.
Commodity tax is not included in the price.
Delivery is not included in the price.
With this price, your product would not be competitive in the Japanese market.
I took such a hammering over recent months.
This dresser takes up too much room.
This chemical agent is used to make paper white.
This chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
Listen to this music and relax.
This music suits my present mood.
This music is so beautiful that it brings tears to my eyes.
I can't stand all this noise.
These hot springs possess properties for healing wounds.
This hot spring is a great find.
There is a leak in the roof.
Why don't you try on this yellow sweater?
This cross street is busy with pedestrian traffic.
We must select one from among these applicants.
We must get rid of this foul garbage right away.
May I use this pencil?
How long is this pencil?
Is this pencil yours?
The monkey, trained properly, will be able to do a lot of tricks.
This chimney has begun to draw badly.
This chimney is made of brick.
I would like to travel in foreign countries while the yen is strong.
I'd like to change yen to dollars.
This liquid can be resolved into three elements.
This English composition is far from perfect.
The English of this composition is too good.
This question in English is anything but easy.
This English book is too difficult for me to read.
This English novel is not easy enough for you to read in a week.
This movie has won great popularity.
Nobody can see this movie without being moved.
This movie is for adults, not for children.
This film is an adaptation of a novel.
This movie is just great.
This film is worth seeing.
This is a movie which combines education with entertainment.
Did you like the movie?
This film is worth seeing many times.
I remember having seen this movie before.
This film is indeed an enduring masterpiece.
This movie is very interesting to me.
I found this film very interesting.
I don't think this movie is interesting.
This movie may have an undesirable influence on children.
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice.
Are there reserved seats for this film?
This movement has not yet achieved all its goals, but it has already had considerable impact in many areas of male-female relations.
This movement is like a forum or platform from which feminists speak out on women's issues.
I think that rumor is true.
I wonder if this rumor is true.
I am fed up with this wet weather.
I'm fed up with this wet weather.
How long will this rain go on?
When will this rain let up?
I'm fed up with this weather.
Going out in this rain is out of the question.
Don't bother coming in this rain.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
This drink is on the house.
Some of the ingredients in this beverage are harmful, especially if you are pregnant.
This caterpillar will become a beautiful butterfly.
What does this mark mean?
This drink tastes sour.
The probability of this chain of events all happening at once is one in 2 million flights - about once every two months at current levels of air traffic.
Please explain this sentence to me.
With this one exception, it is quite wrong to suppose that a simple culture will also have a simple language.
Whose is this pair of stockings?
This passage contains a lot of meaning.
I've been so busy this past week that I've hardly had time to relax.
It has been fine for a week.
The water of this well is good to drink.
What would it cost to have this chair repaired?
This stool needs to be repaired.
This chair is in want of repair.
This ability to communicate helps us a lot.
This chair is made of plastic.
This remark is not applicable to you.
There are many kinds of animals inside this enclosure.
I'm just going to leave it up to him to figure out how to clean up this mess.
Let's get this proposal down in black and white before we submit it to the boss.
This easy chair is quite comfortable.
Could you send it to this address?
This bad weather will affect the crops.
This bad practice will gradually die out.
We've had enough of this bad weather.
This evil custom must be abolished.
How much is this dress?
This dress is YOU.
These straw mats, called "tatami" in Japanese, are no longer made by hand.
This is a smooth wine, which goes down easy.
This wine has a good bouquet.
This wine is made from grapes.
This wine is inferior to that one in flavor.
This wine is superior to that one in scent.
This wine is inferior to that in its bouquet.
This wine is extremely delicious.
Taste this wine to see if you like it.
This shirt needs washing.
May I use this word processor?
This shirt doesn't fit me round the neck.
Something is wrong with this word-processor.
Could you tell me how to operate this word processor?
This robot dispenses with many hands.
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
The movements of this robot are awkward.
This is a dead-end alley.
This rope is strong, isn't it?
This rope is very tough.
This rope is 200 yen a meter.
These lemons are fresh.
On finishing this report, I will rest.
Let's keep this level.
Must I take this lesson?
This restaurant provides good meals.
You will find this lesson easy.
This restaurant is famous for its excellent cuisine.
I can recommend this restaurant.
This restaurant is so large that they are always busy waiting on guests.
What time does this restaurant close?
This restaurant won't do.
This restaurant can't be matched for good service.
The service in this restaurant is none too fast.
The curry at this restaurant is good.
This restaurant lives up to all the rave reviews it got.
Can I hear a little bit of this record?
There are a lot of beautiful songs on these records.
The raincoat sheds water perfectly.
This rain coat comes in all sizes.
This rule does not apply in all cases.
This apple is sweet.
This apple is very red.
This apple tastes very sour.
This apple tastes sour.
This apple tastes sour, doesn't it?
Some of these apples are bad.
This is the most delicious apple.
This ribbon is a present for you.
Please check all the items on this list.
This lamp sends out a powerful beam.
This label sticks easily.
This radio is out of order.
How much is this radio?
Is this radio yours?
What is the price of this radio?
This racket belongs to me.
This racket is rather too heavy for me.
How much is this racket?
This camel is so tame that anyone can ride it.
This lighter won't catch.
This lion is very tame.
No sailboat is faster than this one.
This yogurt tastes strange.
This is how the incident happened.
Talking like this, we are getting nowhere.
All these late nights were beginning to tell on my health.
The reasons for this neglect are not hard to discover.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is useful for beginners.
Written as it is plain English, this book is useful for beginners.
When we think this way, many problems arise.
This inefficiency is a result of the animal's large body and massive legs and feet, which contribute a sideways motion to its walk.
Standing as it does on a hill, the church commands a fine view.
I solved the problem in this way.
This is how we've got to know each other.
Thus, he lost all the money.
This is how he earned so much money.
This is the way he solved the problem.
This is how he solved the difficult problem.
This is how he succeeded in the job.
This is how the accident happened.
This is how I did it.
This is how I solved the problem.
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
Thus the matter was settled to the immense relief of everyone.
Thus, the tyrant succeeded in conquering the kingdom.
This is how he has succeeded in running the factory.
This was how he entered the university.
In this way they are too tired to be frightening.
This is how I got acquainted with them.
Please do it this way.
Not having dealt with such a problem, they don't know what to do.
Such a problem is hard to deal with.
There is no precedent for such a case.
The art of making wooden bowls like these has died out.
I'm sorry to put you to all these troubles.
I sincerely regret having caused you such an inconvenience.
Don't read such a book as this.
Books such as these are too difficult for him.
I can't put up with an insult like this.
Such an offence is punished by a fine and/or imprisonment.
Like other changes, this change in attitude has occurred in other countries, too.
Such a lifestyle appears rather uninteresting to Americans.
What should they do in this situation?
In such cases, adults should not scold them instantly, but be patient with them, considering their mental growth.
Until such difficulties are ironed out completely, there is always a chance of fighting breaking out at the slightest provocation.
You ought to do away with this practice.
Such a custom should be done away with.
We must put an end to this kind of quarrel.
In hard times like this, no ordinary effort can get our company out of the red.
I never knew about such a duty.
I assure you that an error like this will never happen again.
I will do my best to ensure that such mistakes do not occur in future.
We cannot respect such a great man too much.
It may be advantageous to me to proceed in this way.
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.
These slums are a disgrace to the city.
Such things can happen from time to time.
These things are much better spoken about face to face so that we can draw diagrams and demonstrate timings on logic analyzers and oscilloscopes where necessary.
We must prevent this type of incident from recurring.
Such toys have a bad influence on children.
I dislike living in such a noisy place.
This is because they are trying to prove they are somewhat independent.
These lilies smell lovely.
The cradle is as brand new as the born babe lying in it.
This behavior is energy-efficient in an environment where calories can be hard to come by.
Please clean the floor with this mop.
Is there a supermarket in this mall?
This melon will be good to eat tomorrow.
This melon sounds hollow. Maybe that's why it was so cheap.
This melody reminds me of my school days.
This melody is familiar to many Japanese.
It is not possible to record in this media.
This rare stamp is hard to come by.
This message doesn't make sense.
Can you please confirm the receipt of this note?
This is the second mail we send you referring to the invoice No.1111 which has not been settled.
This mink cost $3,000.
This milk has a peculiar taste.
This milk has a peculiar smell.
The milk will keep for two days.
This milk tastes rather sour.
The milk's a bit off.
How do you make Mirano?
This mystery has a plot twist that's completely novel.
How long does it take to get the hang of this sewing machine?
These oranges are good to eat.
The purpose of the meeting is to make a plan for a new product prior to the Product Development Meeting in January.
This is a bruising information war. At this rate we'll never come out on top. We've got to replace our CIO.
If you want to stay a member of this club, you have to fish or cut bait.
I'm looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish.
This damp match won't light.
This straight road will lead you to the post office.
His utter failure at the last peace conference has taught him to arm himself to the teeth with new tricks and tactics.
This minibus holds 25 persons.
Could I change these pounds for dollars, please?
This old car breaks down all the time.
This hotel can accommodate over 1,000 guests.
Please fill this bottle with water.
This hotel has accommodations for 1000 guests.
This hotel is conveniently located in terms of public transportation.
This hotel has a magnificent view of the sea.
This hotel does not take dogs.
This hotel is anything but satisfactory.
This hotel faces the sea.
This hotel was built last year.
This hotel is the best, as hotels go.
This hotel is relatively expensive for this town.
This hotel is better than that hotel.
This hotel can accommodate 500 guests.
This hotel can accommodate 100 guests.
What are the charges in this hotel?
You can hear the sound of the sea in this hotel room.
Could you give me a card with this hotel's address?
This hotel can accommodate 700 guests.
This hotel has a gym and a swimming pool.
Are you staying at this hotel?
Do you have a tennis court in this hotel?
This hotel does not serve lunch.
This hotel will not do.
In this hotel, you have to check out by nine o'clock.
I am surprised to see you here in this hotel.
These potato chips are good enough to make you want more.
Never press this button.
Push the button here.
If you press this button, the machine will start.
If you push this button, the door will open.
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
All you have to do is to push this button.
Push this button and the door will open.
This button is loose.
Is this beeper yours?
Will this button hold?
I'm troubled by this mole.
I bought this ball-point for two dollars.
This hall holds a maximum of 1,000 people.
Is this ball yours or hers?
How many persons does this hall hold?
This ball is the treasure of that boy.
This hall is capable of holding 2,000 people.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
This hall contains two thousand people.
Two thousand people fit into this hall.
The hall contains 5,000 people.
Picasso's early works have been exhibited at this hall.
This boat has six oars.
Let's hope this boat engine doesn't give up the ghost when we're halfway to Hawaii.
This is beyond comparison.
Please lend me this pen.
May I borrow this pen?
May I use this pen?
You can use this pen.
Please give this pen to me.
Here's a pen for you to use.
Whose pen is this?
This pen belongs to me.
This neighborhood is very lonely.
How much is this pen?
What does this pen cost?
Choose any of these pens.
Is there a hotel around here?
Which is longer, this pen or that one?
Put this bench forward.
Is this bench firm?
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
When I've done with this pen, you can use it.
This bed is too hard to sleep in.
This bed looks solid.
The bed takes up a lot of room.
Don't you think this paisley tie would look good on you?
Copy this page in your notebook.
Please copy this page.
Here's an illustration at the top of this page.
Please make three copies of this page.
You mustn't format this floppy disk.
Your role will be to direct this project to its conclusion.
You can handle this project any way you choose.
This project grew out of a sketch I made on a napkin at a party last year.
I think this project is moving on the right track.
Let's put in a lot of time on that project.
This program cannot be run in DOS mode.
This brooch goes well with your sweater.
This present was given to me by Ann.
This bracelet is more expensive than that one.
I would like to get a blouse to go with this blazer.
I wonder what this phrase means.
It is hard to carry out this plan.
This plan is acceptable to all.
These plums are ripe.
This plastic is not damaged by fire.
Could I have this blouse taken in, please?
This blouse is cotton.
Do you like this blouse?
This blouse buttons at the back.
The handle of this pan is easy to hold.
This fried egg tastes like a sheet of rubber.
This wine tastes good.
Their grapes suit my palate.
These grapes are so sour that I can't eat them.
These grapes taste sour.
This push-button phone turned out to be useful in its way.
Please help me take this lid off.
This lid is so tight I can't open it.
This lid belongs with that jar.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
Please develop this film.
Can I have this film developed?
I'd like to have this film processed.
This film develops fast.
Please develop and print this film.
I have two exposures left on this film.
Could you convert this file into a Windows 95 compatible file and re-send it?
Help me with this file cabinet.
Please delete this file.
Shake this bottle before you open it.
How much water does this bottle hold?
The bottle is made of glass.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
There is as much water left in this bottle as in that one.
This building was laid out by a famous architect.
The building is equipped with emergency stairs.
How many floors does this building have?
This building changed hands several times.
This string is strong.
This beefsteak smells good.
This plastic garbage bag is free of hazardous chemicals.
I'll bid farewell to this stinking school.
This video recorder doesn't work right.
This video is boring.
This video is magnificent!
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
This incessant noise drives me mad.
The vitamin pill contains abundant nutrition.
How long is this visa valid?
How long is this visa good for?
Hey, this pizza isn't bad. Not bad at all.
This beer is not cold enough.
This beer tastes bitter.
This beer is dry.
This beer contains 5% alcohol.
This beer contains a high proportion of alcohol.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
Since this heater seems to be out of order, I'll have him repair it.
This heater burns gas.
You can play this piano, but not at night.
This leaflet contains necessary information.
This bread is very delicious.
This bread is fresh from the oven.
This handle will not turn.
This store's hamburgers taste better than that one's.
Whose handbag is this?
I'm listening to this band.
This handkerchief didn't wash clean.
This handkerchief is made of paper.
How much is this handkerchief?
Blow your nose with this handkerchief.
This parade descends from an ancient rite.
This rose has a white bloom.
This rose smells sweet.
This rose smells so sweet.
This rose is very beautiful.
The petals of this rose are very tender.
I'll take these roses.
This hamster is small enough to carry in your pocket.
Are these bananas ripe?
These bananas went bad.
May I use this bat?
Could you show me this bag?
This bag is made of leather.
I'll get this bag for you.
This bag is both good and inexpensive.
Should I put this bag in the overhead compartment?
Should I put this bag under the seat?
May I carry this bag on?
This bag is not available in any store.
Does this backpack belong to him?
Is this bag yours or his?
This bag is 4 kilograms overweight.
What do you have in this bag?
The bag will easily carry enough clothes for a week.
You should be able to carry that bag on.
This butter is domestic, but it is in no way inferior to foreign butter.
The butter tasted sour.
May I have this bread and butter?
This PC will save you a lot of trouble.
This puzzle will be completed by tomorrow.
This puzzle has 500 pieces.
This passport is valid for five years.
Does this bus go to the museum?
Does this bus go to the center of town?
Does this bus go to the beach?
The bus fare here is 90 yen a section.
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
This bus can hold fifty people.
This bus can carry fifty passengers.
This bus is capable of carrying 45 persons.
The bus is capable of carrying thirty people.
This bus connects the two large cities.
This bus goes to the Matsuyama station, right?
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?
How much is the fare on the bus?
This bus will take you to the museum.
This bus will take you around the city.
This bus will take you to the airport.
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.
This bus will take you to the station.
This bus will take you to the town.
This bus will take you to the village.
If you take this bus, you will get to the village.
You're going the wrong way.
I cannot tell whether this bus goes to the airport.
Does this bus go to the train station?
These pajamas absorb sweat well.
Hold this ladder steady.
Please hold this ladder steady.
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?
These scissors don't cut well.
These scissors cut well.
The outside of this box is green, but the inside is red.
Please fill this bucket with water.
There's a hole in this bucket.
You can weigh your baggage in this balance.
This bar is a popular student hangout.
I want to send this postcard to Japan.
The owner of this bar never sells liquor on credit.
This party is an intimate gathering.
I hope you will be able to come to this party.
This glue does not adhere to plastic.
How long may I borrow this notebook?
This sticky liquid can be substituted for glue.
This necklace is so beautiful that I'd like to buy in for my wife.
Is the mouse dead or alive?
I think I'll take this tie.
The tie doesn't go with my suit.
This tie suits him well.
I'm afraid this tie is too loud.
This necktie does not match my coat.
This tie doesn't go with my suit.
I don't like this tie. Show me a better one.
This tie goes well with the suit, I guess.
This tie is not suitable for a situation like this.
How much is this tie?
This tie does not tie well.
This tie matches your suit.
This tie goes with your shirt.
This tie goes very well with your shirt.
The price of this tie is too high.
I will take this tie, as it seems to be the best.
This tie and that jacket go well together.
This nude poster appeals visually to the young.
We'll go out when this shower is over.
I was profoundly disturbed by this news.
This news is new to me.
You can believe me, because I heard this news first hand.
I don't want this news to be made public yet.
What was her reaction to the news?
What was his reaction to this news?
This smell disgusts me.
Can you answer this riddle?
Can you guess this riddle?
We must get to the bottom of this mystery.
This pear smells nice.
Lend me a knife with which to peel this pear.
Social unrest may come about as a result of this long recession.
These nylon socks wash well.
Take this knife and cut the top off.
The knife is not sharp.
This knife has a fine edge and cuts well.
This knife is used to cut meat.
This knife cuts well.
This knife is just good for slicing a loaf.
This knife is so dull that it can't cut.
This knife is very sharp.
This knife won't cut well.
The edge of this knife is sharp and cuts well.
Does anyone claim this knife?
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.
You look better in this dress.
I'd like to try on this dress.
This dress may look funny, but I like it.
Is this dress wash-able?
This dress fits me very well.
This dress is too big for me.
That dress seems to be very expensive.
This dress suits you well.
This dress fits you well.
This dress was in fashion in those days.
This dress is cheaper than yours.
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.
This dress comes in three sizes.
Change this dollar bill for ten dimes.
This drama is missing something. All it is is a simple cautionary tale with no real depth.
How does this drama end?
All the characters in this drama are fictitious.
Would you cash these travelers checks, please?
This truck transports fresh food from Aomori to Tokyo.
This truck is in need of repair.
Prices are stable these days.
There have been a lot of airplane accidents recently.
How have you been getting on?
I've had a vague uneasiness.
This beautiful autumn weather we've been having makes up for the wet summer.
I don't much feel like working these days.
I don't feel like going out these days.
I'm very busy these days.
The weather here has been very unusual, but you know that's my cup of tea.
Written, as it is, in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Standing as it does on the hill, this hotel commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on a hill, the house commands a fine view.
Let's go along this street.
Go along this street for a mile.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Written, as it is, in easy English, the book is suitable for beginners.
There is a mailbox somewhere along this street.
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament.
This toast is not done enough.
There is a one-year guarantee on this toaster.
Don't open this door, please.
This door leads to the study.
This door locks by itself.
This door won't shut.
I can't get the door to shut properly.
This door will not open.
This door won't open.
The paint on the door is not dry yet.
This door is locked.
This door would not open.
Can you fix this door? It's creaking.
This TV program is really quite interesting.
This TV show is catching on now.
I bought this TV on the installment plan.
Something is the matter with this TV set.
I bought this TV set at a bargain sale.
This TV set has a two year guarantee.
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available, so it is impossible to repair it.
If you watch this TV drama, you will understand the lives of ordinary people in the Edo Age very well.
This TV show is aimed at children.
This TV set is the best of all.
The picture on this TV is no good. It keeps flickering.
This department store is closed today.
This department store is closed at seven.
This test doesn't have a time limit.
This test has a catch.
This design resembles his earlier work.
This design doesn't suit my taste.
This design shows Chinese influence.
This textbook is written in simple English.
This text is aimed at beginners.
The purpose of this text is to deepen the understanding of black culture.
This textbook has a lot of notes.
This theme should be treated in more detail.
It has been shown in most studies on this subject that intervention of the legislature had adverse effects.
This tape recorder is not new.
This tape recorder wants repairing.
This tape recorder will make it easier for us to learn English.
This table takes up too much space.
I didn't ask for a table here.
Can you give me a hand with this table?
Please reserve this table for us.
Take this table away.
This table is made of good oak.
This table is reserved.
This table is made out of wood.
This table is made of wood.
I think this table takes up too much space.
This table is at an angle.
This table is a priceless antique.
This table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room.
This table isn't steady.
This table is shaky. Make it stay firm.
This table is just as large as ours.
This table is fine except in one respect - it won't fit into my room.
This table has a smooth surface.
This table accommodated six persons.
This tablecloth measures 5 feet by 3 feet.
This tape sticks well.
This tape doesn't stick.
Could you give this data a final check for me?
Could I get you to update this data for me?
I'm afraid this data is not reliable.
This data is incorrect.
We should leave out this data. It's far from accurate.
This data is for my thesis.
This data is of no value now.
This data is immaterial to the argument.
I hope this data will be useful to you.
This vine winds around trees.
You can adjust the color on the TV by turning this knob.
It is very hard to date this vase.
How much is the tour per person?
This waistcoat won't meet at the front.
This chocolate is very sweet and tasty.
Take this piece of chalk and write on the blackboard.
This team is trained by a good coach.
The players on this team are all giants.
This cheese has a sharp taste.
This dance club is really going places.
This tanker is bound for Kuwait.
This lost him his life.
This adds to the expense.
This compelled me to stay another week.
Because of this, Koko can understand hundreds of spoken words.
This dam was built at the cost of many lives.
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.
I hope it will be overlooked this time.
This touch is original with her.
This taxi only sits five people.
This towel is harsh to the touch.
Wipe your hands with this towel.
This diamond is not real.
Is this diamond real?
This tire is showing wear.
This tire needs some air.
This diamond ring is too extravagant for me.
This tire doesn't have enough air in it.
I got this typewriter at a bargain price.
Is this typewriter available?
This typewriter has seen plenty of use.
Is this typewriter yours?
Before embarking on this type of therapy, the wishes of the patient herself must be carefully taken into consideration.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now. We'll order them from the main store in Tokyo.
This sofa takes too much room.
This sofa is in no way comfortable to sit in.
How much is this sofa?
This sofa can seat three people easily.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
This soda is less sweet than that.
Try this sauce.
You are asked to produce your permit to get in this center.
It is correct to say that psychological readiness is important in this therapy.
This seminar will target senior marketing leaders from Japanese firms.
It must have been difficult for her to knit this sweater.
Put on this sweater.
Try on this sweater.
Will you exchange this sweater for a larger one?
May I try this sweater on?
This sweater is warm.
This sweater will stand washing.
This sweater is all stretched out of shape.
The sweater is made of pure wool.
This sweater is made by hand.
I think this sweater will look good on you.
I don't like this sweater.
What do you think of this sweater?
This sweater costs more than fifty dollars.
The slogan was designed to rouse the people.
Please put on these slippers.
It seems I will have to get rid of this worn out carpet.
I'd like to have these pants cleaned.
These trousers are made of durable cloth.
This pair of trousers is just right for me.
These trousers are dirty.
These pants are too fancy for me.
These pants tend to go baggy at the knees.
These trousers are too large.
These trousers need pressing.
These stockings are very dear.
This stove burns oil.
This heater won't heat up that large room.
Something seems to be wrong with the stereo set.
How much would you charge to repair this stereo?
You must attach this label to your suitcase.
This steak is too tough.
Is this steak done?
This steak is as tough as shoe leather.
This style is much in vogue.
This sushi is seasoned with plenty of horse-radish.
This scandal has severely damaged the public image of our company.
The scandal could lead to the firing of some senior officials.
This ski wear keeps out the cold wind.
This scarf feels soft and smooth.
This scarf feels soft.
This skirt hangs nicely.
This skirt is a little too tight.
Does this skirt suit me?
I don't like this skirt. It always rides up.
This soup is too thin for me.
This soup tastes of onions.
This soup smacks of fish.
I can taste something strange in this soup.
This soup needs something to pick it up.
This soup needs more salt.
This soup wants a bit of salt.
This soup tastes of wine.
This soup has no substance.
This soup needs just a touch of salt.
The soup is thick.
The soup tastes of garlic.
This soup is really good.
This soup is too salty to eat.
This soup tastes good.
How does this soup taste?
How salty this soup is!
There's too much salt in this soup.
This supermarket delivers only on Saturday.
There is plenty of wear left in this suit yet.
Please choose me a tie for this suit.
Will you please help me carry this suitcase?
Will you help me pick out a tie to go with this suit?
Would you mind helping me carry this suitcase?
Keep an eye on this suitcase.
I'll carry this suitcase for you.
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school?
If you touch this switch, it will open the curtains automatically.
This suite is three times larger than my condominium.
Let's qualify this gin with tonic water.
This symbol stands for strength and integrity.
What does this sign signify?
What hours is the shopping center open?
This beer mug holds one pint.
In this show, the accent is on robots.
I still have to get rid of this carpet.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
The size of the carpet is 120 by 160 centimeters.
This juice tastes sour.
This shampoo comes with a nice hair brush.
The net weight of this jam is 200 grams.
This shaft links with a piston.
You need to wash this shirt.
May I exchange this shirt for a smaller size?
This shirt is the standard size.
This shirt wants washing.
I don't think this shirt goes with that red tie.
The color of the shirt held fast.
This shirt is a little bit loose.
This shirt is too small for me to wear.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another.
These shirts are selling like hotcakes.
Whose shirt is this?
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
This shirt costs ten dollars.
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.
Can I try on this jacket?
I don't like this jacket.
Is this jacket right for me?
This jacket sets well.
This jacket is a tight fit.
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
This blot can't be wiped out.
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.
Could you give me a hand with this stew?
The stew smells delicious.
This system has obvious defects.
With this system a protection circuit has been built in.
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
This jet travels about three times as fast as the speed of sound.
These jeans feel too tight. May I try on another size?
The sheets feel damp.
This salad tastes of lemon.
This size is too large for me.
Please call this lady a taxi.
Please move out of the way so this lady can go through.
This computer network is, as it were, the nervous system of the company.
This computer is second to none in quality.
This computer runs on batteries.
This computer can cope with much work.
This computer is powerful, efficient, and easy to use.
This computer often goes out of order.
This computer will prove costly in the long run.
Operation of this computer is tricky.
This computer is superior to that one.
I know a lot about this computer.
This computer saves a great deal of time.
I bought this computer one year ago and it's already a dinosaur.
These days he disobeys his parents.
Recently we have had many mild days.
These days people visit here.
I have seen nothing of him lately.
I'm not feeling well lately.
You can't rely on him these days to do a proper job.
I have a little time for reading these days.
I have little time for reading these days.
It is getting warmer and warmer these days.
Today it's difficult to make ends meet.
Children learn to swim in school today.
It gets dark about half past five these days.
I haven't been in contact with Mr Smith recently.
About this time, the disease slowed.
These days many people use computers.
This golf course is not open to non-members.
This cork will not come out.
I found this column interesting.
With this as background I turn now to an account of the present state of evolutionary biology.
Aside from this, he was in good health.
Keep this in mind.
I have heard this proverb used.
This shows his loyalty to his friends.
You should keep it close.
This does not mean that they have nothing in common with other peoples.
Please keep this a secret.
Don't share this with anyone.
You can see this easily if you put a straw into a glass of water.
Let's keep this matter to ourselves.
This will mean that growing food will become difficult.
This is true of adults as well as of children.
This is as true of a cat as of a dog.
This is true of students.
This means that houses are starting to sink, roads are breaking up and lamp-posts are leaning at crazy angles.
How would you take these words?
This is a fortune for us.
These words came out of the book you have.
This has come about through several causes.
This may not sound serious.
This means that there are twice as many chopstick- and finger-users as fork-users.
The reason for this is that we found no variation of those morphemes.
The time will come when you will regret this.
I'll get in touch with you again about this matter.
May I direct your attention to this?
Her good fame was greatly damaged by this.
This will give him something to cry about.
This aroused her suspicion.
This led to unexpected results.
It follows from this that he must be innocent.
From this, it follows that he is innocent.
From this we can derive the argument that major population shifts are not the result of economic change.
It follows from this that the company is not responsible for the accident.
This makes good human relations.
I filled this glass with milk.
This glass contains water.
The address on this parcel is wrong.
The coffee shop is haunted by aspiring artists.
This coffee is so hot that I can't drink it.
This coffee is too strong for me.
This coffee tastes bitter.
This coffee is not hot enough.
This coffee is too bitter.
This coffee is a blend of Java and Brazil.
This coffee tastes burnt.
Wear this coat, or you will catch a cold.
Could you put this coat somewhere?
This coat is out of date.
This overcoat is inferior to mine in quality.
This coat is warm.
This coat is too short on me.
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
This coat fits you.
The coat is lined with fur.
This coat hasn't pockets.
I'll take this coat.
Get rid of this vomit yourself!
This coat may well fit you.
This game can be played by young children.
You will find this game very interesting.
This game is fixed.
If you give it a try, you will find this game very exciting.
This case also applies to other cases.
This cake doesn't really live up to its reputation.
Have a little of this cake.
I'll keep this cake for myself.
Let's try this cake.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
Divide this cake among you three.
This cake tastes too sweet for me.
This cake is made of the finest ingredients.
This cake is sweet.
How was this cake made?
This cake is very sweet.
This cake is very delicious.
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.
The cake tastes divine!
This credit card entitles us to certain privileges.
Do you honor this credit card?
I would like to emphasize the Confucian values that exist within this group.
This is more like a liquid than a facial cream. That makes it easy to use.
This ground belongs to the school.
Is there a live band or a DJ in this club?
Is the club gay or straight?
Three quarters of the members of this club are girls.
There are fifty members in this club.
If you join this club, you will be entitled to use all of its facilities.
The club has thirty members.
This class consists of forty pupils.
There are more girls than boys in this class.
What is the average age of this class?
This class is composed of 35 pupils.
This class is made up of thirty-five pupils.
Who is responsible for this class?
The average height of the girls in class is over 155 centimeters.
There are only three girls in the class.
How many boys are there in this class?
This class consists of 15 boys and 28 girls.
That amount of crops isn't enough to support their economy.
These cookies aren't expensive, but they taste good.
I can make nothing of this quiz.
This candy costs eighty cents.
Please confirm the cancellation by e-mail.
This rule doesn't apply to every case.
The roots of this tree go down deep.
This mushroom is not good to eat.
Is this ticket good for this bus?
The guitar is in tune.
What's this key for?
Where shall I hang this calendar?
The calendar has many pretty pictures.
This curry is too hot.
This curry is too hot to eat.
Please take this chart to the X-ray Room on the third floor.
This mustard really bites the tongue.
Burn this rubbish on the fire.
I bought this camera for 35,000 yen.
Is this camera for sale?
This camera is small, but very good.
This new camera is a snap to use.
I don't like this camera.
How do you use this camera?
This camera was made in Germany.
Whose is this camera?
How much is this camera?
This camera is less expensive than that one.
This camera was given me by my uncle.
I think it will cost you more than 10,000 yen to have this camera fixed.
Will you show me the way to use the camera?
This camera is dutiable.
Would you take a picture of us with this camera?
Take this capsule within thirty minutes of each meal.
This bag is mine.
This bag won't do for traveling abroad.
This bag cost me 6 pounds.
The cup is made of gold.
It is reasonable to think that there exist other anomalies in this category.
Please leave a urine sample in this cup.
These salted bonito guts are too salty for me.
He came to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him.
This man is full of grace and truth.
In him was life, and that life was the light of man.
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night.
I want to have this cassette recorder fixed.
This cage is made of wire.
Please put on this gown.
This key won't go in the lock.
Please pay at this counter.
This guide book will help you to make plans for the trip.
This guidebook is handy to take on a trip abroad.
This car wax gives permanent protection against heavy rain.
This carpet feels nice.
This carpet was a real bargain.
This carpet is designed for residential use.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
Do you accept this card?
Will you fill out this form, please?
Can I get travelers checks with this card?
Can I borrow cash with this card?
What's the cash limit on this card?
This curtain is made of fine material.
Mother chose this curtain.
This cuisine is seasoned to evoke the esprit of Paris.
Could you cook this meat a little more?
These presents are really bulky.
I hope this good weather will hold till then.
The tea is so hot that I cannot drink it.
This tea is very hot.
This tea is called green tea.
This doll has big eyes.
When was this temple built?
We will try to correct it in order to straighten out our finances.
If you have any reasons for not clearing this payment, please let us know.
If you have not yet paid this bill, please let us hear from you.
Could you change this bill, please?
Please change these bills into coins.
Please change this bill into coins.
Please keep this money for me.
I would rather throw the money away than give it to him.
I may as well throw the money away as give it to him.
Give me all this money.
What are you going to do with this money?
You shall have this money.
Let's put this money aside for our summer trip.
This money is for a rainy day.
I mean this money for your study abroad.
This money will allow me to buy a car.
Will this amount of money meet your need?
I would be grateful for your approval of this request.
Help yourself to these cakes.
Can I have this orange?
There is too much acid in this orange.
These oranges mature fast.
These oranges are ten for a dollar.
This toy car runs on batteries.
The office is full of competent people.
I like this overcoat. May I try it on?
I don't know how much this motorcycle is.
The conductor of this orchestra is a fine musician.
Is this engine functional?
This engine works well.
This engine consumes the most oil.
This elevator does not go above the sixth floor.
This elevator is capable of carrying ten persons.
This elevator is out of order. Please use the stairs.
This elevator is capable of carrying 10 persons at a time.
This elevator's capacity is ten people.
This elevator will take you up to the tenth floor.
This essay is my own.
This essay shows a great improvement.
This air conditioner consumes a lot of electricity.
Who is at the bottom of these rumors?
I'm aching to tell this good news to my family.
This corn hurts a lot.
This whisky is too strong.
This instant soup comes in individual packets.
How do you like this whisky?
I don't think these ink stains will come off.
This ink stain will not wash out.
These earphones don't work.
I'm troubled by this wart.
Would you take part in this event?
This chair is made of wood.
This chair is too low for me.
I feel uncomfortable in this chair.
Indeed this chair is fine to look at, but it will not stand up to long use.
This chair is very comfortable.
What will you take for this chair?
I feel quite at ease when I sit in this chair.
Please sit down on this chair.
This cuttlefish has started to lose its freshness.
This house is to let.
You'll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof.
Please fill out this questionnaire and send it to us.
I don't feel like filling out this questionnaire. There are too many items.
This album reminds me of my happy school days.
I never see this album without thinking of my high school days.
I must point out that we need to clarify the meaning of this over-used concept.
Six families live in this apartment house.
This apartment is bigger than any other one in the building.
I can not bear living in this apartment any longer.
I like this apartment so much that I wouldn't move for the world.
When you walk around here, you have to look out for falling rocks.
May I show you around?
The current is rapid around here.
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen's teeth around here.
There are few places to park around here.
We do not have snow here.
There used to be rice fields around here.
There are few houses around here.
There is a dense population of young people around here.
The area has been built up since I came here.
The air is pure around here.
I'm a stranger here.
This area has changed completely.
What are the main sights around here?
Is there a post office around here?
Is there a public phone around here?
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
Nobody by that name is to be found around here.
I think it's somewhere around here.
There was a car accident near here, wasn't there?
I lost my key about here.
I was surprised to hear that she passed for a model here.
They live on potatoes around here.
Please wait around for a while.
Please let me off here.
This new town is beautifully laid out.
Take this aspirin.
Please fix the iron.
This T-shirt wore quite well.
This T-shirt is too small for me.
I bought this T-shirt on sale.
How much is this T-shirt?
I liked these T-shirts, and I bought three of them.
This science-fiction novel is very interesting.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
From tomorrow this email address will be invalid.
May I borrow this CD?
Set the CD player square with the front edge of the shelf, please.
This CD belongs to her.
This food called BLT; what's in it?
I have been learning English these four years.
I'm looking forward to seeing you this April.
Prices have been stable for the past three years.
I have eaten nothing for the past three days.
It has kept raining for the past three days.
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.
She has been out of work these two years.
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
At this second shock, I began to cry.
Who wrote these two letters?
The two of them were never to meet again.
You should leave out these two lines.
These two are very different from each other.
These two lines are at right angles.
It is likely that these two consonants are in complementary distribution.
These two plans are alternative.
It is not sufficient to describe the differences in attitude between these two ethnic groups.
Choose either of the two T-shirts.
I have been as busy as a bee for the past two months.
In the course of the past year, prices have doubled.
Read this passage and translate it into Japanese.
I want to change this dollar bill into ten dimes.
In the past month, three houses, all in good condition, have been torn down.
In the last fifteen or twenty years, there have been great changes in family life in Britain.
Could you give me some change for this ten dollar bill?
Could you break this ten dollar bill?
I'd like to break this 100 dollar bill into four 20 dollar bills and twenty singles.
I'm troubled by this birth-mark.
Those four words carried not only a lot of complex information, but also the persuasive force of a proverb.
Proverbs are full of wisdom.
As the proverb says, "Time is money."
The proverb runs as follows.
As the proverb goes, time really is money.
Of all things, why did he give me a hat for my birthday? I don't wear a hat.
The affair ran more smoothly than we expected.
It is difficult to ascertain what really happened.
My father will possibly come on the next train.
Maybe you'd better come with us.
All things cooperated to make her pass the exam.
It would be best to leave it to a man who knows the ropes.
Handle the glasses carefully.
Take care not to drop that glass.
Give the glasses a good boil.
There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip.
I've chipped off a piece of the glass.
Take care not to break the glasses.
Who broke the cup?
Please bring me some glasses.
The glass is full of water.
The glass is full of milk.
The glass is filled with milk.
The glass was broken to pieces.
There isn't any milk in the glass.
Don't pour hot water into the glass or it will crack.
Fill a glass with water.
There is a little water in the glass.
My fingers left marks on the glass.
There is little water left in the glass.
There is a little milk in the glass.
There is little milk in the glass.
There is little water in the glass.
The glass dropped from his hand.
The glass broke to pieces.
The glass crashed to the ground.
Give me a glass of water, please.
I had a glass of beer to quench my thirst.
A face with too much make up looks strange.
Come here and have a look at it.
Get over here and be quick about it!
Will you please hold this edge?
The locals around here really live at a relaxed pace.
Put yourself in my position.
Come over here and join us.
Turn the light over here, will you?
I steal into the house.
It's a snap once you get the hang of it.
Working for peanuts is all very well.
Stick at it, and you'll pass the exam.
The cook served the family for many years.
The cook broiled the meat.
As a cook he is in a class by himself.
The cook hasn't put any on it.
I think I'm starting to get the hang of it.
Got the hang of it?
Overseas service here.
Can I chew on this side?
Don't fritter away your allowance.
Look at the boy and his dog that are coming this way.
If you happen to be out this way, be sure to call in at my house.
Please drop in on us when you come this way.
This is Goroh Watanabe.
This is my daughter.
This is the man of whom I spoke the other day.
This is my cousin.
This is Wonder Music Shop.
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Ann.
This is Mr Smith speaking. Is Mr Johnson in?
This is Ken. He really likes his dog.
I hope you're enjoying your stay here.
This is the man for you to speak to.
This was quite primitive compared to that.
It is very cold here all the year round.
This is room No. 1025. Room service, please.
If you should come this way again, please drop in.
This one is prettier.
This costs more than that.
Please bring this gentleman a glass of beer.
I want you to keep up with me.
We received an acknowledgement of our letter.
I'm sorry to have troubled you owing to our mistake.
We hope you will understand the difficult circumstances we're working under.
This is better by far.
This register is out of commission.
If you're ever in the area, give me a call.
I made motions at him to come here with my hand.
Come here, and I'll show you.
Don't fail to call on me when you come this way.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
May I sit here?
Be sure to look us up when you're in town.
We have very big lotus leaves.
There's no one by that name here.
Could you sign here, please?
Please drop in when you come this way.
Be sure to call on me when you come this way.
Be sure to drop in on us if you come our way.
We should take matters into our own hands.
Is it for here?
Is that to eat here or take out?
Here or to go?
These are my shoes and those are yours.
This is the boy who showed me around the city.
This is the couple who showed me the way.
This is the boy whom I met there yesterday.
This is Mr Yasuda.
This is the lady I spoke of yesterday.
We'll call Dr. Shiegal for you.
This is the boy whose name is Tom Fisher.
Here is your key.
This is the girl you wanted to see.
This is Miss Curtis.
Don't make a fuss.
We thoroughly enjoyed the delicious meal.
Please eat up your dinner.
The fewer, the better.
All the dinner had been eaten before he came.
Of course you'll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu. You have to learn to take care of yourself.
Don't say anything that might get you into trouble.
I felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of.
Never trouble till trouble troubles you.
It is not necessary to be meticulous.
Cosby's argument concerns the reliability of the Hette Manuscript.
High costs made it hard to carry on his business.
Kozue thought the teacher's lecture was dull, boring and endless.
Kozue has never given way to despair in her life.
The small business man failed and his business went down for the count.
You put far too much pepper in it.
Please pass me the pepper.
Pepper burned his mouth.
Prices are high here but that's because the after-sale service is really good.
Do you have many friends here in Japan?
There are so many people here in Tokyo.
The Union of South Africa has had racial problems in recent years.
The quality of their products has gone down over the years.
The number of traffic accidents has increased in recent years.
The birthrate will continue to decline for years to come.
We've had all kinds of weather over the past few days.
It's been overcast for the past few days.
For the past few days Jane has been quiet and out of humor.
It's been pouring here for the last few days.
The weather will remain cold for several days.
Her health has been declining these past months.
Monetary policy in United States has been characterized by tight credit over the months.
Koko herself cannot use spoken language, but she loves to listen to people's conversations.
The snow is very deep here in our town in January.
Prices have gone up these three months.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
Don't fail to come and see me one of these days.
What do you think were the year's ten biggest items of news?
Let's cross here.
The area the center of which is here was bombed.
Let's count heads before we leave.
Open up your mind.
Do not forget to take your umbrella when you leave here.
It's really hard to drive on the bumpy roads around here.
There are a lot of places to see around here.
Let's take a 10-minute break.
Don't tell me you're going to back out after all the plans we've made.
As long as I've come this far, I'll see it through.
Everything here is mine.
Have I missed anything so far?
Up to this point I have presented an overview of the growth of political unrest in the period.
I ran all the way here and I'm out of breath.
On my way here, the strong wind blew my umbrella inside out.
Whenever I come here, I feel at ease.
Come here! I mean you.
Come here, and you can see the sea.
Come here, John.
Do not come here.
Come here and help me.
Did you come here by train or by bus?
Put down your name and address here.
Let's set up a sign here.
Are you here on business or for pleasure?
Letters are delivered here about noon.
I am here on business.
It always leads me here.
Did you come across anyone you know on your way here?
You can reach me at this number.
It is nice and cool here.
You are banned from entering this place.
It is quiet here at night.
Koko chose the tree.
Can I buy things here duty-free?
Koko is not an ordinary gorilla.
This is a hospital.
This is the house in which she used to live.
This is where they usually have their evening meals.
You must pay the admission fee here.
The traffic is heavy here, especially in the morning.
This is a place where animals are buried.
This is a business section of Tokyo.
The soil here is fertile.
Parking is prohibited here.
They allow parking here.
Local people wouldn't be caught dead here.
There is no passage for big vehicles here.
Koko continued to learn fast.
I am quite a stranger here.
This place used to be a field.
This is where my family used to live.
This is holy ground.
There's a nice breeze here.
The food is good, and service is good here.
This is the site of a castle.
The traffic is heavy here.
Here is a fit space for whiling away.
Is this the place where the accident happened?
Koko is a female gorilla.
This is the church where we got married.
This is the school where my father used to go.
This is the TV station where my uncle works as an announcer.
This is the village where I was born.
This is the restaurant where we had dinner last week.
I'll pay for it.
This is the park where we said our last good-bye.
This is the best restaurant that I know.
This is where I was born and brought up.
This is the hospital which I was born in.
This is the town where I was born.
It's the dry season here.
This place isn't convenient to public transportation.
Traffic is busy here.
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?
Refrain from smoking here.
This room is comfortable.
I have often been here.
Where is this?
Where on earth was I?
What's the name of this street, please?
These are not first-class carriages.
This is the very room that I first met my wife in.
It's been pretty much the same over here.
You will be safe from any danger here.
It's very hot here.
It is very cold here.
It's boiling in here.
This looks like a nice watering hole.
It isn't as cold here as in Alaska.
This place is too shady for taking photos.
Koko knows and uses more than 500 words in sign language, the language of deaf people.
This is the castle which we visited last week.
This is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time.
This is the restaurant that I often eat at.
It's warm here all the year round.
This is by far the best seafood restaurant in this area.
Are you going to cut down all the trees here?
These books are accessible to all students.
The cartilage has slipped out here.
Did you get permission to park here?
The geographical features here are similar to those of our prefecture.
The local brew is excellent.
Testing Koko's IQ is not easy.
Prices here are out of this world.
It's not that every student likes sports.
Here are a few coppers.
These people hate all foreigners.
A small gear is missing here.
Let's sit here on the grass.
None of these offices have air-conditioning.
This factory uses an integrated manufacturing system standardized from parts on through to finished products.
The traffic has built up here.
The climate here doesn't agree with me.
The climate here is mild.
The climate here is milder than that of England.
The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.
What are the points of interest here?
How many cats are there in this house?
Houses here are double the price of those in Kobe.
Since the computer here can't change the system, I can't do anything.
How often do the buses run in an hour?
I'm so busy these days it makes my head spin. I don't even have time to watch a video.
What is the average rainfall for July here?
Put your hands up here and get' em wet.
Don't scribble here.
Life has been so flat since I came here.
How long have you been here?
Please get in touch with me when you are here.
Here is a basket full of vegetables.
There are many wildflowers here.
"I will grow many trees here", he said to himself.
Fill in your name and address here.
I have a chronic pain here.
Here is a book.
Here is note from him. He must have come here.
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
I have a dull ache here.
Draw a straight line here.
Let's not stay here long.
You can park here.
Could I park my car here?
Write down your date of birth here.
You may park here.
I know that there was a big church here.
I have a continuous pain here.
I have a cut here.
Here's some water.
I have a burning pain here.
There's a scratch here. Could you give me a discount?
Write it down here, please.
Here are about ten boys.
I'd like to talk to one of your guests.
Please put your name and address, please.
How long have you lived here?
The people living here belong to the upper class.
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
It has been three years since I came to live here.
Here is a weekly magazine.
Write the receiver's name here, please.
Here is a pan without handles.
It's illegal to park your car here.
You cannot park your car here.
Here is a photograph of my family.
You may sit here.
Is it OK if I sit here?
There are five pencils here.
Here is an atomic power plant.
I have a severe pain here.
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.
Here is the book you are looking for.
Here is your dog. Where is mine?
Here is your dog.
Here is a method of fighting down your fear.
Since you're here, you had better eat dinner.
You may stay here if you want to.
Did you see a bag here?
I have an acute pain here.
May I put it down here?
Here are two pencils: one is hard, and the other soft.
I have a sharp pain here.
It has been over three years since I moved here.
Here is her letter asking us to take care of her only son.
There used to be an elementary school here.
Is it possible to be here a little longer?
Are there any balls here?
I have a stinging pain here.
This is an historic city.
There is enough here to feed the whole family.
Elephants abound here.
There are not less than five hundred students here.
There's no one but me here.
Here is my album.
There used to be a prison here.
Could you tell me what to put here?
This place has everything.
How long do we stop here?
We had better not remain here any longer.
We had better not remain here.
Twenty families live here.
There are no more than six persons here.
There's no room to study here. If only I had a room of my own!
There are a number of methodological problems here, not to mention the inaccuracy of some of the results.
I can't find my notebook here; I must have put it elsewhere.
There is no advantage in staying here.
Here's a big map of Germany.
Let's put up our tent here.
Here are some words whose spelling may cause trouble.
I have a mild pain here.
I will grow many trees here.
I have a graze here.
She has had to stay here.
Let's sit here for a while and look at the view.
Would you sign here?
I have a persistent pain here.
Just sign here.
Could you sign here?
Don't throw trash here.
Who put this paper here?
Let's put up the Christmas tree here.
I've been here three months, and so far I've enjoyed it.
Did you use to live here?
I hereby declare the opening of the Olympic Games.
Sit down here and warm yourself.
Here the authors touch on the central methodological issue.
It is a great pleasure to be here.
It's wonderful to be here.
Every boy here has a girlfriend.
I can't help but feel that when I come here, all my senses are sharper than usual.
As long as you're here, you'd better take a bath.
Come, boy, sit down. Sit down and rest.
Could you initial here?
Stay here and wait for him, please.
The people which were here have all gone.
Here were some relics.
We have several bags here.
Write down your name here.
Will you write your name here?
Here's the map you are looking for.
Here is a picture to show you.
Here is a new magazine for you to read.
Here are some letters for you.
I have five here and as many again.
Here are two stamps.
Here are two dogs; one is white and the other is black.
There is a yard of cloth.
After a month's stay here I will get much better.
Here are five amazing facts about English today.
You can get a better look over here.
In order to get the coconut milk, you must first crack the coconut open.
Something else to be borne in mind here is the rapidity with which the virus can reproduce.
Could you make a reservation for me?
Don't play here.
Don't play baseball here.
You are not supposed to play baseball here.
Let's meet here again tomorrow.
The point we must clarify here is that the lines between amateur and professional in sport are beginning to disappear.
Do study here.
It is ten years since I came to live here.
Can I study here?
Stay here and wait for him.
Sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
How long have you been working here?
Do you sell desk lamps here?
It is dangerous to cross the street here.
You mustn't park here.
We had better go home rather than wait here.
Please wait here.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
Wine made here is very famous.
Don't be noisy here.
Don't make noise here.
We can get many coals here.
For here, please.
Let's rest here.
Is this to eat here, or to go?
Can I check my baggage here?
Pull over right here.
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
Let's take a picture here.
Can I take pictures here?
Would you mind me smoking here?
Here we took the boat for Alaska.
Thank you. Please stop here.
I'll get off here.
Don't stop here.
Let's get off here.
Let's drink the cup of tea here.
This debate about the future of the ozone layer has been mostly about profits and politics.
It was nice meeting you here.
A fierce battle was fought here.
I never imagined meeting you here.
Never did I expect to see you here.
What a surprise to see you here!
How lucky I am to meet you here!
Let's take a break now.
Do I have to take off my shoes here?
Let's take a rest here.
Start a new paragraph here.
What are you doing here?
How lucky to meet you here.
Did you lose anything here?
What's going on here?
What do you think came to pass here?
Nothing is ever done here without dispute.
You are not to smoke here.
Please refrain from smoking cigarettes here.
May I smoke here?
It is dangerous to swim here.
Let's shelter here from the rain.
Do you mind my smoking here?
I would like to have a rest here.
What would you do if you met a lion here?
Again, we can see this approach as deriving from Matthew Arnold's idea that everywhere there is connection.
You can get an idea what we are doing here soon.
We cannot play baseball here.
Watch out for thieves around here.
The weather is changeable here.
Don't talk in a loud voice here.
We find diverse ethnic and economic interests here.
Don't run here.
You ought to find nice shoes here.
Only girls' shoes are sold here.
The period of hot weather is very short here.
You may be free to do what you like.
You have to make your own bed here.
Here, I'll confine this discussion to why many foreigners enjoy sumo.
Children can play without danger here.
Bricks never take the place of ferro-concrete here.
Please refrain from smoking here.
You are not supposed to smoke here.
Fish is sold by the pound here.
You are not supposed to smoke in here.
We don't carry leather goods.
They grow fruit here.
Several teas are sold here.
Anything goes here.
Please make yourself at home here.
You cannot swim here.
You have to speak English here.
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round.
It almost never rains here.
The buses run every ten minutes here.
Put it there, not here.
You can speak out freely here.
Smoking is strictly forbidden here.
You must not speak so loudly here.
That is not how we do things here.
Beware of pickpockets here.
Don't make such a noise here.
They serve excellent food here.
You had better not make a noise here.
We use DS as an abbreviation of 'dyad' style.
We deal here with Emmet's 'dyad' style first presented in his experimental works in the late sixties.
It gets cold here at this time of the year.
The insurance covers everything here.
The question here is one of creating the framework with which we can outline the social trend.
The debate has been interesting, confusing, and sometimes horrifying.
Here the wages are paid in proportion to the amount of work done.
Let us suppose that the number of incidents is twice that of those officially recorded.
My concern here is whether the women's movement is fading or not.
Smoking is not permitted here.
Smoking is not allowed here.
I could live peacefully here.
Let's watch TV here.
Watch TV here.
Could you wait here for the moment.
Would you mind my smoking here?
You can smoke here.
Do you mind if I smoke here?
We might as well walk home as try to catch a taxi here.
Can I catch a taxi here?
Let's discuss the matter here.
Please wait here for a while.
I little expected to see you here.
I little hoped to meet you here.
Articles bought here will be delivered free of charge.
It would be better if you took a rest here.
You are the last person that I expected to see here.
I am happy to see you here.
People who wait on you here are very friendly.
I'm surprised to see you here.
There may be two cases here.
Let's get off the bus here.
This is just between you and me.
Between ourselves, he was dismissed for bribery.
Between ourselves, the fat ugly witch is on a diet.
Between you and me, the fat ugly man is on a diet.
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?
Between you and me, he's in trouble with the boss.
Between you and me, he's a shallow thinker.
This is just between you and me, he is a big eater.
Between you and me, he cannot be relied upon.
Between ourselves, he seems to be a homosexual.
Between ourselves, I think he is rather stupid.
Between ourselves, he is rather stupid.
Between you and me, he is rather stupid.
Between ourselves, he keeps a mistress.
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between ourselves, this article is selling slowly.
I haven't seen anything of him for some time.
For the time being.
This is the very place that I have long wanted to visit.
This is where my father works.
This is the place where my father was born.
Is this the town where Mika was born?
This is the school where she is teaching.
This is the place where she works as a secretary.
This is the place where he killed himself.
This is believed to be the place where he died.
This is the room into which he went.
I have a pain here.
Is this one of the local hot spots?
This is the house in which the prime minister lives.
This is the shop at which I had a haircut.
This is where you are mistaken.
Get away from here.
The post office is a good five kilometers away from here.
Please tell me how to get to the post office from here.
It's only ten minutes' walk from here.
It is no more than ten minutes' walk from here.
It is not more than ten minutes' walk from here.
Can I walk down here?
It is no less than two hours' walk from here.
Mt Fuji can be seen from here.
How far is it from here to the museum?
How far is it from here to Hakata?
It's the same wherever you try and escape: everywhere is a death row, and everyone's a victim.
How long does it take from here to Tokyo Station by car?
It is far from here to Tokyo.
How far is it from here to Tokyo?
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo?
It is 5 miles from here to Tokyo.
We can see the whole city from here.
It seems a long way from here to the town.
You cannot go any farther.
How far is it to the library from here?
How far is it from here to Ueno?
Get out of here, and quickly.
Get out of here.
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.
It's two-hour drive from here to my uncle's house.
How long does it take to walk from here to the city hall?
How far is it from here to the park?
It is two miles from here to the park.
It looked like a strike to me from here.
How far is it from here to your school?
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?
How far is it from here to your house?
It's a long way from here to school.
It's fifteen minutes' walk from here to the campus.
We can hear the ocean from here.
How far is it from here to the sea?
How many stops from here?
It is about 1 mile from here to the station.
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
How long does it take from here to the station?
What is the distance from here to the station?
How far is it from here to the station?
It's two miles from here to the station.
Where's the nearest pharmacy?
Where is the nearest subway station?
Where's the nearest gas station around here?
It's eight miles from here to London.
Can I telephone London from here?
Could you write me directions to the restaurant?
It is too far to go on foot from here to the hotel. Better take a taxi.
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
It is a nice view from here.
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street from here?
How far is it from here?
You can make yourself heard even from here.
I understand I can get a bus to Disneyland from here.
About how much would a taxi be from here?
We can make it from here by taxi in time.
It will take you at least half an hour to go from here to the city on foot.
How far is it from here to the hotel?
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
How long does it take to get there from here?
Sydney is far from here.
How long does it take to get to Chicago from here?
It is a far cry from here to the goal.
How long does it take from here to your house by bike?
How long does it take from here to your house?
Please move this stone from here to there.
The income from this source is tax-free.
There is a village about three kilometers up the river from here.
Where's the nearest restroom?
I have a bad pain here.
This is Uncle Tom's farm.
I have a pricking pain here.
This is where the accident happened.
This is the place where the incident took place.
This is the room where the author killed himself.
I have a throbbing pain here.
I have a gripping pain here.
This is the main street of this city.
This is the place where the accident was.
This is the place where the incident happened.
Is this the place in which your mother works?
This is where the concert took place the other day.
This is the coffee shop I first met my wife in.
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.
This is the place where the battle took place.
How about a cup of cocoa?
There hasn't been any rain for the past three months.
It has been the driest June for thirty years.
I've had a nasal voice for two weeks.
Times have been bad these past few years.
During the past several years, many Japanese have been either killed or injured while traveling overseas.
It's quite an informal meeting.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
Until quite recently, people in developed countries didn't care much about the environment.
He is much better at sports than me, to say the least.
She looks satisfied when she catches a cockroach.
May I have a Coca-Cola?
Cockroaches hide themselves during the day.
Coke has always been the top dog when it comes to soft drinks.
Coca-Cola advertisements can be seen all over the world.
The goals were placed at the opposite ends of the town.
The goal is still some distance away.
The cola made my tongue tingle.
Has all the coke been drunk?
More than one bottle of coke was consumed.
Go and buy three bottles of coke.
Three coffees, please.
The coffee break is an American institution.
Have some coffee?
Give me a cup of coffee.
Will you have a cup of coffee?
Make coffee.
I'll put some coffee on.
Will you make coffee for me?
I'd like my coffee after the meal.
Would you like to have some coffee?
Bring me a cup of coffee, will you?
Bring me a cup of coffee, please.
You've left your coffee. Don't you like it?
Serve the coffee, please.
I will make some coffee.
Coffee keeps me awake.
Will you have some coffee?
Let's talk over a cup of coffee.
Shall we talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Let's discuss the plan over a cup of coffee.
Give me a coffee, please.
A cup of coffee relieved me of my headache.
I feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
What do you say to taking a cup of coffee?
I'd like to have tea instead of coffee.
Would you care for more coffee?
Please give me some more coffee.
Would you like more coffee?
Will you drink another cup of coffee?
I could really go for another cup of coffee.
Would you care for another cup of coffee?
Could I have one more coffee, please?
Give me another cup of coffee.
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.
I would like to have another cup of coffee.
Will you send down a pot of coffee?
Could I have a cup of coffee?
Would you like some coffee?
Please bring us two cups of coffee.
Please make me a cup of coffee.
A cup of coffee refreshed me.
Would you give me a cup of coffee?
I prefer coke to coffee.
How about another cup of coffee?
I would like to order one coffee machine (Model 25-A) and have enclosed your order form.
Mame uses a coffee mill to grind coffee beans.
The coffeepot is boiling.
I'd like my coffee weak.
I like my coffee strong.
I like coffee hot.
The coffee was so hot that I nearly burned my tongue.
Would you like your coffee with or after the meal?
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.
The coffee is too bitter for me to drink.
Coffee does harm to your stomach.
How about some more coffee?
Please put a lot of cream in my coffee.
Coffee is one of the staples of Brazil.
Coffee is Brazil's main product.
How do you like your coffee? Strong and black?
How would you like your coffee, black or with cream?
How do you like your coffee?
When would you like to have your coffee?
Coffee was introduced into Europe from Arabia.
I don't care much for coffee.
I like coffee better.
There isn't any coffee in the house.
The price of coffee has come down.
The coffee stain was difficult to remove.
The smell of coffee beckoned them.
Would you like another cup of coffee?
How do you take your coffee?
I'd like some more coffee.
The coffee enabled me to stay awake during the dull concert.
There is a big market for coffee.
How would you like your coffee?
There is coffee, and...coffee.
I put some cream in my coffee.
Would you like some cream in your coffee?
Shall we stop in at a coffee shop?
Why don't we talk over coffee?
Where is the coffee shop?
I'd like to have a coffee.
I had to sip the coffee because it was too hot.
I'm afraid I've run short of coffee.
Coffee ends a meal.
Would you like coffee or tea?
Some people like coffee and others prefer tea.
I'm dying for a cup of coffee.
I'd like a cup of coffee.
The coffee bubbled in the pot.
Two of the coffee cups were found to be damaged on arrival.
You've spilt your coffee.
Give me some coffee if there is any left.
Won't you have some coffee?
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
Gordon has had his head in the clouds all week.
I'll hold your bag while you put on your coat.
Let me help you put on your coat.
Put on your coat.
You should put your coat on.
Take off your coat.
Take off your coat and make yourself at home.
Why not take your coat off?
Shall I carry your coat?
Hang up your coat, please.
Please lay down your coat.
Put your coat on a hanger.
May I take your coat?
May I hang up your coat?
Hang your coat in the hall please.
A button has come off my coat.
One of the buttons has come off my coat.
I'd like seats right next to the court.
I'd like seats about fifty yards from the court.
The coach was waiting for the players to swim.
The coach made the players run five miles a day.
The coach considers Bob a good player.
The coach steered his team to victory.
The coach accused us of not doing our best.
The coach's advice saved us.
The coach gave me some advice.
The goggles protect your eyes from dust.
A coke, please.
Can you build a fire with twigs?
This change will make your plan more interesting.
This might lead us to believe that a simple culture would make use of a simple language, that a complex culture would make use of a complex language, and so on.
Some say this, and others say that.
It was a poor choice of words under the circumstances.
This is why I dislike cats.
I may seem confident, but I get extremely nervous speaking in front of people. My hands tremble, I get all tongue-tied, and sometimes I don't even know what I'm saying myself.
This is why I was late for school.
This is how it happened.
This is how people get rid of things they no longer need.
This is how I made the machine.
A bat hunts food and eats at night, but sleeps during the day.
Bats usually fly in the dark.
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.
There is nothing for it but to do it this way.
What else could I have done?
Koji was caught in a shower on his way home.
Thus he succeeded in winning her heart.
Kouji was lucky; his traffic accident left only a minor scratch on the side of his car.
Thus he succeeded.
This is how he killed the big bear.
I could stand here with you forever, just gazing off into the sea.
This is how I cook fish.
This is how I usually cook fish.
This is how the great empire came into existence.
With this she went out of the room.
All these books will be worth their weight in gold someday.
This complex situation arose because signals from the environment itself can be inadequate.
It's almost hard to believe all these beautiful things were made by hand such a long time ago.
This is snowy weather is giving me cabin fever.
In the light of these facts, it may be necessary to revise our theory.
These special characteristics explain its preference for still-hunting (lying motionless beside a seal's breathing hole, waiting for one to surface).
These quotations were effective in sending complex messages to his friends, because, in his day, people could quote from such authors with every expectation of being understood.
If you do that, it will help you.
After weighing all these considerations, the promoters will present their scheme in the form of a private bill; however, they might find themselves forced to alter the route in order to meet criticisms in Parliament.
This kind of thing doesn't occur very often.
These disputes between the two nations should be solved in accordance with international law.
Kouki's big mistake was having an accident while driving his father's car.
These kinds of jewelry are of little value.
Can these stars be seen in Australia?
Please tell me what I should do in this situation.
These are the important items to which careful attention is to be paid.
This work would do credit to a professional.
Such language doesn't harmonize with his character.
My time for these exercise and reading was at night, after work or before it began in the morning, or on Sundays.
This is why I quit the job.
For this reason, I cannot go with you.
For this reason I cannot agree with you.
On account of this, I can't attend the party.
You don't see this kind of vegetable vending machine in the city.
These books are not fit for young readers.
Such books as this are of no use to us.
This is how I mastered English.
Happy is the child who has such a mother.
What price do we have to pay for these advantages?
Some people are rather proud of being ignorant of such an important matter.
These persons run this country.
In a situation like this, there is nothing for it but to give in.
Experience talks in these cases.
These types of books have almost no value.
Cases of this nature are decreasing.
This kind of amusement has no attraction for me.
This kind of picture does not appeal to me.
Such manuals should be written in simpler language.
Those impossible suggestions just annoy me.
This is how it stands.
Under these circumstances, I cannot accept the offer.
As such is the case, I am sorry I can't accept your kind invitation.
This is the kind of job you should do all at once.
Such conduct is beneath your dignity.
That's the mind-set of a previous time. The current generation doesn't think that way.
In spite of these dangers, mountaineering is very popular.
This sort of music is not to the taste of everybody.
I doubt these generalizations.
He is not alone in this opinion.
This is why she is still angry with me.
This is why they left for America yesterday.
This is why he got angry with you.
This is why I fired him.
This is way I am refusing the offer.
This is the reason why I came here.
This is the reason I disagree with you.
This is why birds like the pigeon or the Arctic tern can find their way around the world.
This was why he entered the university.
This is the very reason why I take no interest in art.
This is how he smiled at me.
Am I correct in thinking thus?
This is the way I solved the problem.
For you who love adventure, this kind of hiking will meet your need.
I expect this is your first time for this.
It may not appeal to some, but I prefer to remain a salaried man; I don't have to worry so much about making both ends meet.
You'd better check these points.
Statesmen of this kind are hard to find.
That type of person is dull.
All these things serve to add to our happiness.
Will you pick up the laundry from the laundrette?
One side of a coin is called 'heads' and the other side is called 'tails'.
Let's toss up for it.
Here's a fine how-do-you-do.
Who's this nobody?
Would you dine with me?
Come on, I will beat you.
Koalas are more popular than kangaroos.
The koala is an animal peculiar to Australia.
Koalas can only be seen in Australia.
You find koalas in Australia.
What's Ken doing now?
Ken easily cleared the fence.
Both Ken and Meg are my friends.
The train for Cambridge leaves from Platform 5.
Passengers for Cambridge, please make your way to platform No.6.
Ken stopped talking and began to eat.
Ken joined the baseball club.
Ken folded the blanket in half.
Ken calls me every day.
Ken goes swimming day after day.
Ken makes his own bed every morning.
Ken laid aside some money each week.
Ken is busy now, isn't he?
Ken jumped over the wall.
Ken put on his clothes.
Ken always stands up for his mom when his parents quarrel.
Ken bought a fine wine for his father on his birthday.
Ken will be invited to the party by her.
Ken couldn't recall his name.
Ken inquired about his father.
Ken will grow into his brother's clothes by the end of the year.
Ken didn't work hard enough, so he failed the exam.
Ken is an eager student.
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart.
Ken complained of a headache.
Ken is waiting for the arrival of the train.
Ken will be at home until noon.
Ken cried for help.
Ken must run fast.
Ken wasn't running.
Ken makes it a rule to get up early.
Ken appears a friendly person.
Ken walked on crutches.
Ken told his dog to wait there.
Ken wants a bicycle.
Ken painted his bicycle white.
Ken took the examination with confidence.
Ken was worried about the exam and everything.
Ken sat next to me.
He has several times as many books as I.
Ken was running beside me.
Ken lets his children have their own way, so they stay up late at night.
Ken runs fastest of the three.
Ken studied English last night.
Was Ken at home yesterday?
Ken called on his teacher yesterday.
Ken dashed up the slope.
Ken dare not try again.
Ken went as far as Aomori this summer.
Ken laid down his arms.
Ken is happy.
Ken collects old coins.
Ken shared the room with his elder brother.
Ken has more books than you.
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake.
Ken has made it.
Ken decided on going abroad.
Ken met her on his way home.
What is Ken eating?
Ken likes music very much.
Ken has no more than ten books.
Ken is good at swimming.
Ken talks as if he knew everything.
Ken seems to have a terrible cold.
Ken has never been to New York.
Ken goes to school by bus.
How long has Ken lived in Kobe?
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn't do what I told him.
Does Ken play tennis?
Ken beat me at chess.
Ken was running at that time.
Ken saved his face by passing the examination.
Ken kept on singing that song.
Ken was fined 7,000 yen for speeding.
Ken is not the type of person who loses his temper easily.
Ken put his shirt on inside out.
Ken is busy this afternoon.
Ken likes camping.
Ken has a guitar.
Ken hit on a good idea.
Ken runs faster than you.
Ken is going to the United States at the end of July.
Ken's father loved Ken all the more because he was his only son.
Ken is older than Seiko.
Ken must be home by now.
Ken has arrived in Kyoto.
Ken wishes to brush up his English.
Ken mistook you for me.
Ken can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
Ken's talks always appeal to us.
Ken's story was as follows.
Ken's careless driving has caused his mother great anxiety.
Ken's uncle has a big chicken farm.
Ken's turn came.
Ken's team will win nine cases out of ten.
Shall I call Ken back?
The girl walking with Ken is May.
Ken and his brother are very much alike.
Which is taller, Ken or Taro?
Can I go on a date with Ken, Mom?
Did you have a fight with Ken?
It is no wonder to me that Gendou has something to do with.
I met a tall man named Ken.
Kentaro was tired and moreover his car's engine had got hot so he stopped driving.
Kensuke and Touji went out of their way to come to the station.
Ken climbed down from the tree.
Are you on the level, Ken?
Ken stands on the diving board.
It was just two weeks ago that Ken came to see me.
The desk which Ken uses is old.
I'll bite your head off!
It is today that Ken gets married.
Unless you stop fighting, I'll call the police.
It takes two to make a quarrel.
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us.
Ken lighted the candles.
Ken has been looking for you.
Ken came up to me.
Do you have the time to run over the draft of my speech, Ken?
It's high time you went to bed, Ken.
Be on your guard against pickpockets, Ken.
But he suddenly felt dizzy and he sat down again in his old chair.
But something has gone wrong.
Managers like Paula Grayson, however, are trying to persuade them to change their habits.
Pam doesn't use the word "drive", however.
Kelly has an eye for good English.
Kelly carries the news department.
Kelly eats like a horse.
Kelly cut physical education and went home.
Kelly struck a match and put it to his pipe.
Kelly worked until he dropped.
Kelly brought the matter to light.
Kelly cleared his throat and begin to speak.
Kelly's voice carries well.
Kelly's latest book appeared last week.
Kelly will appear on TV.
Kerry's on TV!
Kevin has bought a diamond ring and is going to pop the question to Kim tonight.
Kevin gave up the idea of going to Canada.
Kevin was brought up by his aunt in the country.
Nobody believed Kevin because all he ever told were tall stories.
Stick to jackets that aren't too gaudy.
Dressed in a loud and peculiar outfit, she stood out in the crowd.
Mr Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
Kennedy Airport, please.
President Kennedy was killed, but his legend will live on forever.
Mr Kennedy was inaugurated as the President of the United States.
Kenneth Starr abused his power again and took away my right to get on-line.
Kenya used to be a British colony.
I burp a lot.
Kenya became independent in 1963.
I'm by no means angry with you.
Don't kick the door open.
Never play here.
The plan failed after all.
Democracy will be victorious in the long run.
We all know he was right after all.
Real ability wins in the end.
I made up my mind to come here after all.
I'd like to have ketchup on the side.
My grandmother posted the letter this morning.
When I woke up this morning, the rain had turned into snow.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
When I got up this morning, I had a headache.
The dew fell this morning.
The train was late this morning.
I got up early this morning.
Is there any mail for me this morning?
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
I'm being good to you this morning.
Did you have to get up very early this morning?
You are very early this morning.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
I was able to solve the question this morning.
The injured person wailed with pain after recovering from the anaesthesia.
The injured man was carried to the hospital.
Nobody was injured.
Though wounded, they continued to fight.
Please show me your injured arm.
The injured were carried to the hospital, and the dead to the church.
Some passengers were injured, but the others were safe.
The injured man cried for help.
Gary found an outlet for his energy in playing football.
As long as it doesn't interrupt the game!
John wins every time we play the game.
We amused ourselves by playing games.
The game has been indefinitely postponed.
None of these games are interesting.
A whistle is blown at the start of a game.
How did you feel about the game?
We hoped we'd be able to win the game.
The game added to the fun.
I felt exhausted when the game was over.
I pay quite a sum of money for each game-cassette.
Some students take the cable car.
I'd like to ride the cable car, but I'm afraid of heights.
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook.
I failed to make a cake.
She divided the cake between the two.
It is no use looking for the cake; I already ate it.
Pharamp divided the cake into two.
Do not eat too much cake.
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
You can't eat your cake and have it.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
Will you eat a little cake?
In making a cake, you must use eggs, butter and sugar.
I need some sugar to make a cake.
I was making a cake.
Please help yourself to more cake.
You have already eaten the cake.
Have you eaten the cake yet?
Would you care for some more cake?
Can I tempt you to try another piece of cake?
Help yourself to the cake.
You have not eaten the cake yet.
Won't you have some cake?
Divide the cake between you two.
How about another piece of cake?
The cake were still warm, and they all ate and drank.
Blend butter and flour before adding the other ingredients of the cake.
You may take either half of the cake.
The cake was alive with ants.
There was an army of ants at the cake.
All of the cake is gone.
It's my fault that the cake was burned. I was talking on the phone and didn't notice the time.
Some of the cake is left in the kitchen.
There were two cakes. I ate one and then I ate the other.
Cake? I'm suddenly hungry again.
Professor Kay has been studying insects for forty years.
It was not until Kay received the doll that she stopped crying.
Where can I find a good gay club?
Waiting for Kate, I saw Bob and Mary.
I think Kate is also a clever person.
Kate took careful notes on the history lecture.
Kate went to a party to see her friend.
Kate drinks a lot of milk every day.
Kate has a cold.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
Kate has very good features.
Kate was astonished by his behavior.
Kate sympathized with him.
Everyone says that Kate is a genius and will have a successful future.
Kate can hardly speak Chinese.
Kate is dressing her doll.
Kate stays in Izu over the weekend.
Kate went to school with an umbrella, but Brian didn't.
Kate always shows off the big diamond ring she got from her fiance.
Kate is running in the field now.
Kate keeps a dog.
I found that Kate was wealthy.
Kate absented herself from the meeting.
Kate is looked up to by everybody.
Kate made her family leave home.
Kate has been given an opportunity to play a major role in a movie.
Kate listened to the radio all day.
Kate is crazy about the new singer who appears on television frequently.
With her pure voice, Kate shined outstandingly on the stage of a musical.
Hasn't Kate arrived yet?
Kate hardly ever celebrates her birthday.
Kate was surprised by Brian's story.
Kate talked over the picture with Brian.
Kate came home by bus.
How kind Kate is!
Kate found the watch which she had lost.
Kate is very charming.
Kate speaks English very fast.
Kate is majoring in German.
Kate spread the cloth over the table.
Kate tries to walk on tiptoe.
Kate glanced at Chris and then ignored him, making him feel miserable.
Kate was made to read the book.
Kate was frightened to see the big dog.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane has.
Kate knows how to make a cake.
Kate is smarter than any other student in our class.
Kate captured the hearts of her classmates.
Kate is smarter than any other student in our class is.
Kate is the smartest student in our class.
Kate is the best singer in my class.
Kate ran to my father's restaurant.
Kate got some money from her father.
Kate is no less charming than her sister is.
Kate always shows off her diamond ring.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
Kate isn't popular among her classmates because she always tries to have her own way.
Kate made an apple pie.
Kate came at five sharp.
Kate wants to finish her homework by ten.
Kate left this place for good.
Kate's father walks home from the station.
Kate has a good figure.
Kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.
I'll take them to Kate.
Kate's dog was barking at Brian at the gate at noon.
Kate's wish is to prove that she is a worthy actress.
Kate's father is about the house.
Could you bring this flower to Kate?
Kate was lying with her eyes open.
A girl named Kate came to see you.
Kate may well complain of her husband.
Kate broke his heart by rudely demanding he go away.
Chris noticed Kate walking through the neighborhood with a strange boy.
Nothing could hinder Kate from using all her energy to polish her performances.
From Kate's point of view, he works too much.
I found Kate more active than her brother.
When Kate played a minor part in a movie, her acting was criticized.
Keisuke is taller than I.
There's a Mr Kay wants to see you.
Keiko is kind, isn't she?
Keiko informed me of the arrival of his plane.
Gary will have been in Japan for six years next month.
Gerhard Schroeder is the first German chancellor not to have lived through World War II.
Gloria was easily the best singer of that evening.
The crocus is a forerunner of spring.
Croquet players must wear white clothing during play.
Can you do the crawl?
Gloria, don't let him feed you that line about his wife not understanding him.
The cleanser removed the dirt from the oven.
I am sure that Greg is going to follow in his father's footsteps.
Credit is an amount or limit to the extent of which a person may receive goods or money for payment in the future.
Credit is the amount or sum placed at a person's disposal by a bank; a loan of money.
Can I pay on credit?
Credit card companies are not looking so hard at credit ratings.
I'm calling because my credit card has been stolen.
It's easy to get into debt quickly with charge cards.
Your credit card, please.
I'm calling because I've lost my credit card.
Credit cards are useful but dangerous.
Where are your credit cards?
Do you have a credit card?
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
I'd like to pay by credit card.
Please pay cash, not by credit card.
Grace goes to phone extension upstairs.
Do you know if Grace is at home?
Grace has not come yet.
Mr Grey did not enjoy his job.
Miss Gray told the boy to hold his tongue while she was speaking.
Would you like some more gravy?
Grace wore an indignant look.
How fast Greyhound buses run!
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
All the days went by, one like another.
It was good to feel like one of the group, because my blond hair and 185 cm height already made me stand out.
When all the group members are silent, somebody must break the ice.
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.
Clint Eastwood's latest movie is on at the theater.
Greenwich Village is a place which especially attracts the young.
I've put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
With Christmas just around the corner, I should do some shopping.
Tom broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before Christmas.
How many days are there before Christmas?
Could you wrap it in Christmas wrapping?
Christmas is a special holiday.
Christmas comes a few days before New Year.
Christmas is a good time to market new toys.
Christmas is near at hand, isn't it?
Christmas is just around the corner.
Christmas is near at hand.
Christmas is only two weeks off.
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas.
Christmas Day is December 25th.
On Christmas day, Tom still had his right leg in plaster.
Trang gave an unusually expensive Christmas gift to Sysko.
Book your flight early as it fills up quickly during Christmas.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
What have you bought her for Christmas?
It's doubtful if we'll finish in time for Christmas.
What did you get for Christmas?
What do you want for Christmas, Jenny?
I look forward to seeing you at Christmas.
I think I have to go back on a diet after Christmas.
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
Christmas is fast approaching.
I wish you a Merry Christmas.
It's dangerous to tell Chris your secrets because he tells everybody.
Chris was confident that Beth would be delighted with his improvement.
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the clock he lent her.
Chris is in a risky situation in science class.
Chris was hired to paint houses and was able to raise the money.
Chris didn't have a car.
Chris brought her a present and bravely gave it to her.
Chris is very attractive and wealthy, but not very modest.
Chris is very anxious to go to college.
Chris' heart felt so empty and damaged that it couldn't be repaired.
What happened to Chris? We don't see her these days.
Chris injured his leg playing tennis and is in a lot of pain.
Chris got a remarkable grade for the complex homework.
Chris recognized the boy from his math class and became very jealous.
Chris saw his favorite girl, Kate, having a private conversation with Beth.
Chris followed the two and cheerfully greeted Kate.
Chris cannot control his passion for the lovely new girl in town.
Brian is mad because Chris obviously does not intend to return the money.
Christine stayed in the shade all day, because she didn't want to get a sunburn.
Christi's mysteries are most decidedly interesting.
Chris can't work tomorrow.
Brian was grateful when Chris delivered the money on the weekend.
The money that Chris has not paid back adds up to a large sum.
My head starts to hurt when I think about how annoying Chris is.
Beth will not allow Chris to kiss her because he is terribly dirty.
When Chris suggested going out, she managed to politely say no.
I should like to join the cricket club.
Mrs. Green, from whom my children have lessons in singing, is to have a recital next Sunday.
Mr Green is anything but a good teacher.
Miss Green teaches us music.
Miss Green asked two questions of me.
Mr Green keeps a little dog.
Miss Green taught me English.
How far is it to the green?
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
Mr Green is a teacher of history.
Green doesn't go with red.
Try to be as polite as you can before Mr Green.
Do you know a certain Mr. Green?
Mr Green, you are wanted on the phone.
We have run out of cream.
May I have a cup of coffee with cream and sugar?
Coffee, please, with cream and sugar.
Would you pass me the cream cheese, please?
Please pick up my dry cleaning.
Do you have laundry service?
Is it possible to send mourning clothes to the cleaner?
I'm a member of the glee club.
Winning the Grand Prix was a feather in the cap of the famous drivers.
Where's the bus stop for Grand Hotel?
Could you take me to the Grand Hotel?
The playground is divided into three areas by white lines.
Grand Central Station, please.
The Grand Canyon is one of the most popular places in the USA.
Clara is doing quite a job.
Clara's lack of responsibility drives me mad.
Is there practice every day?
Each and every member of the club was present.
Every member of the club was present.
I went camping in the Japan Alps with my club.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
You must observe the rules of the club.
Mr Johnson, president of the club, will soon come.
The club members assembled in the meeting room.
Only members of the club are entitled to use this room.
All the members of the club agreed with me.
There are 50 members in the club.
Will you join our club?
Those who want to join the club should sign here.
There is a training camp with the club.
The whole class burst into laughter at the teacher's joke.
The whole class was quiet.
All the class waited for the new teacher.
The whole class passed the test.
There were twelve of us in all at our class reunion.
You can't treat the class as a whole, but must pay attention to each member.
I broke a glass.
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher.
Fill the glass to the brim.
Don't play around with the glass.
Don't speak ill of your classmates.
All of the classmates waited for Takeshi.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
The glass shattered into pieces.
The class were divided in their opinion.
The class divided into two teams.
Half the class say that they drink coffee.
There is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass.
Every pupil in the class is present.
The number of boys in our class is thirty.
Everyone in the class has to learn the poem by heart.
All the pupils in the class like Miss Smith.
The class divided on this question.
Smaller classes mean a higher standard of education, and that's what we want for our kids.
The class are all here.
All the boys in class worked hard.
The proportion of girls to boys in our class is three to two.
I enjoy sipping on a margarita with salt around the rim.
Some of my classmate always make a fool of me.
The whole class laughed at his joke.
The class accepted the new teacher.
I couldn't get my idea across to the class.
Everyone in our class passed the test.
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.
Not all my classmate like the food in the cafeteria.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
Almost everyone in the class voted in favor of having a thank-you party for the teachers.
No student in our class is smarter than Kate.
No student in our class is as smart as Kate.
Our class has forty-five students.
No other boy in his class is so tall as he.
No other boy in his class is as bright as he.
No one in his class is faster than he is.
No boy in the class is taller than Bill.
No boy in the class is as tall as Bill.
He is second to none in mathematics in his class.
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
Classical music is not my cup of tea.
Talking of classical music, who is your favorite composer?
I like classical music.
Some people like classical music, while others like popular music.
You like classical music, don't you?
I like to listen to classical music.
I don't have any classical music.
Do you have any information on classical music concerts?
There was no student in the playground.
I've lost my crown.
Mrs. Crouch, do you have a job?
Is this Mr Crouch?
Mr Crouch, what do you do?
Miss Klein gives a test every Friday.
Dr. Klein recommended you to me.
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer.
The glider soared high into the air.
Dr. Clark, may I ask a favor of you?
Spiders spin webs.
I abhor spiders.
Spiders wait for insects to get caught in the webs. This is how they get their food.
There the spider waits for small insects like butterflies and dragonflies to be trapped.
A spider can produce a silky substance from tiny openings on its underside.
Spiders always weave their webs in three dimensions.
To make a web, it starts by making a frame of this silk and fastening it to hard objects, such as trees or fences.
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.
Have you ever seen a spider spinning its web?
Kumi made a box.
Kumi did not make a box.
Kumi is playing tennis now.
Kumi is the girl who likes dogs.
What did Kumi make?
Is Kumi playing tennis?
Kumi is the girl whose father likes dogs.
Kumiko got a porter to carry her suitcase at the airport.
Kumiko is as tall as Tom.
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom.
The bear is walking up and down in the cage.
Kuniko is related to Mr Nagai.
Kuniko has never drunk so much before in her life.
It upsets me to have to listen to the same thing over and over (and over) again.
Let's not go into details.
Stop bugging me with your annoying questions!
He is dead drunk.
If you are at ease, you are feeling confident and comfortable.
Be relaxed and put the other person at ease.
The shoes are made of leather.
Did you have a good sleep?
He's sound asleep.
I feel heaps better after a sound sleep.
A sound sleep made me feel much better.
I had a good night's sleep.
Sound sleep freshened him up.
Sleep tight, Sean.
Captain Cook thanked the natives for their hospitality.
Captain Cook discovered those islands.
Who has eaten all the cookies?
Would you like some of those cookies?
Help yourself to these cookies.
Cookie likes adventure stories.
Cookie turned over in his sleep.
The cookies are all in the form of stars.
Cookie is under the table.
Cookie is younger than Kate by ten years.
Cookie was raised by Kate.
Cookie is under 5 years old.
Cookie's house is made of wood.
Cookie's house is under repair.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
Cookie jumped over Kate.
We have had enough of empty words.
The breaking waves formed foam.
Being exhausted, she was soon fast asleep.
Reduce to pulp by boiling.
Rats! I've got to work overtime again.
Oh, just my luck!
Junk bond dealers left the market riding on a pillow of air.
The smoldering firewood burst into flame.
Cuzco is one of the most interesting places in the world.
Cuzco lies about 3,500 meters above sea level, and you can still see many Incas there.
I couldn't keep from snickering.
Don't be long about it!
There is no time to lose.
Quit lazing around and get moving!
We have little time to waste.
The delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel.
Lend me your comb for a minute, will you?
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.
Whales come under mammals.
A whale is no more a fish than a horse is.
Whales can remain submerged for a long time.
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago.
A whale is a sort of mammal.
A whale is no more a fish than a horse.
Hachoo! Somebody must be gossiping about me.
I can't stop sneezing.
The peacock has a truly gorgeous tail.
The peacock has fair feathers but foul feet.
Let's decide the winner by lot.
I hit the jackpot.
We've been moping around too much. It's time to pull ourselves together and keep trying.
A nail penetrated the car tyre.
Would you put on the air conditioning?
The air conditioner has got out of order.
The air conditioner doesn't seem to work.
Mr Koop would be the last person to take a bribe.
The coup attempt was foiled at the last moment.
The coup was meticulously executed.
Ahhh! Feel that beer seep into every fiber of my being. Yep, nothing beats a cold one after work.
Rock breaks scissors. Scissors cut paper. Paper smothers rock.
The door yielded to a strong push.
The quiz show follows the 7 o'clock news.
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting.
Have you ever been to Guam?
I didn't feel well, but I went to work.
Rev. King fell backwards, shot in the neck.
Rev. King led protests and demonstrations all over the country during the next few years.
Some of Martin Luther King's supporters began to question his belief in peaceful protests.
Rev. King's house was destroyed by a bomb. But still, the buses went on empty.
Rev. King and his supporters were threatened.
Everything Rev. Martin Luther King had worked so hard for seemed lost.
I'd like to make an appointment with Dr. King.
The data cited in King's research is taken from UNESCO's 1970 white paper on world population.
I was just in time for the last train.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Can you wrap these neatly for me?
You may take this book so long as you keep it clean.
Lovely sunset, isn't it?
Some pretty birds are flying above the trees.
Pure water is necessary to our daily life.
We must be careful to drink only pure water.
I wish I could show you the pretty ice on the trees.
Bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away.
Thank you for the beautiful flowers.
There were beautiful flowers on the reception desk.
That's a beautiful Kabuki doll!
That's a pretty dress you have on.
The clean towels are in the drawer.
A pretty waitress waited on us.
Mr Gilmore is so well-known as to need no introduction.
Mr Gilmore is not so well-known as to need no introduction.
Kilby applied Emmet's theory to his investigation of the referendum held in Greece in 1948.
Christians believe in Jesus Christ.
In the Christian faith, followers believe that there is only one God, and Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
Sunday is a holiday in Christian countries.
Do you believe in Christianity?
I was never a believer of Christianity.
Christianity and Islam are two different religions.
Christ is believed to have worked many miracles.
Christ died once for all humans.
Christ was born in 4BC.
Why then do you baptize if you are not the Christ, nor Elijah, nor the Prophet?
I learned about Greek culture.
The Greeks used to worship several gods.
The Greeks made theoretical models of geometry.
Greek is difficult to learn.
Greek philosophers placed value on democracy.
In the Greek football game, the players on one team tried to carry a ball across a line in the other team's territory.
Greeks often eat fish, too.
The Greeks used to hold a big athletic meet.
It is the last straw that breaks the camel's back.
I just made it under the wire.
The bright sun was shining.
I spring with a start.
Today we are going to discuss this problem in terms of morality.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
Today is Sunday.
It is too warm for a fire today.
Be sure to come home early today.
On no account must you go out today.
I cannot eat anything today.
It is not especially hot today.
The train was almost an hour behind schedule today.
I have been busy today.
The eight o'clock bus was early today.
Were there any interesting topics in today's history class?
High tide is at 3 p.m. today.
She's much better today than yesterday.
How was today's game?
I'm going to go to the doctor this afternoon.
Did you have a good time this afternoon?
We will have an English test this afternoon.
Let me show you around the town this afternoon.
I'll miss the English class today.
How many brothers and sisters do you have?
Today is the fatal day that they will attempt their escape.
A cucumber is related to a watermelon.
Younger Cubans tend to tune into the American television network.
You've got to give up gambling once and for all.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
Once you get the taste for gambling, it's hard to give it up.
Gambling was by no means his only source of income.
Could you show me the campus?
Oil on canvas can never paint a petal so delicate.
You must not eat so much candy.
Can we go to the shops for sweets, please?
Apparently there's a cancellation charge of 30 percent.
If I wait, what's the possibility I can get a seat?
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
Only if there's a cancellation, and that would be a bolt out of the blue.
Among the gangsters he went by Dan.
Gangsters robbed a bank of thousands of dollars.
Carol couldn't choke back her tears.
Carol will visit Miami next month.
Carol will have left for London by eight tomorrow.
Carol gets up early every morning.
Carol has a nose for the best Thai cooking anywhere in town.
Carol visited Boston last month.
Carol refused; in other words her answer was "no."
Carol is driving a rent-a-car.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
Carol often watches horror movies.
Carol returned to her hotel.
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
Carol is studying Spanish.
Carol has been studying Spanish for three years.
Carol lives in Chicago.
I heard that Carol and Will have split up.
The maid had already cleaned the room when Carol walked in.
Caroline knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
The price of cabbage fell because of overproduction.
The captain commanded silence.
Cabbage can be eaten raw.
The captain appealed to the referee against the decision.
Our captain got sick, so I attended the meeting in his place.
A cabinet is a cupboard used for displaying things.
Don't play catch.
Let's play catch.
He said to me, 'Let's play catch.'
Cathy devoted herself to her sick mother.
Kathy got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
Cathy stopped picking flowers.
Cathy, please stay out of my way for a while.
Did Cathy go, too?
Cathy had her hat blown away.
Cathy has a hot temper.
Kathy is gazing at the stars.
It seems that Cathy likes music.
Cathy can speak French and German.
Cathy is coming to see our baby tonight.
Do you remember what Kathy had on at the party?
Kathleen's statements turned out to be true.
Stop making a fuss.
Catherine had an ulterior motive when she urged her father to buy a new car. She hoped that she'd be able to drive it herself.
Oh, I lost the data!
The rough material hurt the child's tender skin.
Kim was two years senior to him.
Kim means to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim is older than I am by four years.
Kim was still alive.
Kim smiled sweetly.
Kim is living with Ken.
Kim and I are the same age.
Kim's smile was very sweet.
I've loved you from the moment I saw you.
Is this getting you going too?
Do you believe in ghosts?
You only have to be here at six tomorrow morning.
Can you really not swim?
You make me happy.
You are my sunshine.
You can keep this dictionary if necessary.
You look tired.
You must remember the fact that you owe her a lot.
You said she was kind and so she is.
You must be just to them.
You should go to see him.
You had better act upon his advice.
I took it for granted that you knew the whole matter.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
Were you at home yesterday?
Have you ever been to Nara?
What a big house you have!
You will get well in a week or so.
You have to polish your English.
Did you mistake the margarine for butter?
You may get a serious disease.
You needn't have bought that book.
You had to join that project.
You will have to join the project.
You didn't join that club, did you?
You ought not to go there alone.
You need not do so.
All you have to do is to hand this book to him.
You will be in charge of the babies in this room.
Your arms and legs have grown strong enough.
Your parents ought to know it.
Your knowledge surprises me.
Are you sure of your answer?
Your explanation lacks concreteness.
I'll mark where there are mistakes in your writing.
I am ashamed of your despicable deed.
It follows from what you say that he was not there.
Your opinion is nothing to me.
I'm not going to agree to your proposal so readily.
Never did I say bad things about you.
Your cough is the consequence of smoking.
Your father works for a bank, doesn't he?
Your uncle and I have known each other for many years.
Anyway, you'll never know.
Are you all ready?
It's not just you, I am also to blame.
It is not good for you to break your promise.
I don't know whom you want to see.
I know that you did your best.
If you had helped me, I should have succeeded.
He came to see you right after you left.
There isn't much logic in what you're saying.
I will keep on smoking no matter what you say.
By the time you come back, I'll be gone.
I can't figure out why you don't like jazz.
Wherever you go, I will follow you.
I didn't know you were such a good cook.
Whenever you may call, you will find him at his books.
Where did you go yesterday?
You, come here.
It was she who went to Hokkaido yesterday.
She dropped in at my house yesterday.
He asked about your health yesterday.
It was I that phoned him yesterday.
I had to attend two meetings yesterday, and there was no time to have lunch between.
Yesterday the teacher told us that he would give us a test today.
I saw Bill in the library yesterday.
There was a car accident yesterday.
Yesterday I met two Americans who're bicycling through Japan.
I played tennis with Taro yesterday.
I absented myself from school yesterday.
Yesterday I saw a girl whom I had met in the library a month before.
Yesterday I nearly ran into Robert in Ginza.
I caught three fish yesterday.
I saw an old friend of mine yesterday.
Yesterday a foreigner spoke to me in English on the train.
Only yesterday did I see him.
It rained yesterday.
Until yesterday I had known nothing about it.
Japanese beef was on sale yesterday.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
We had an examination in biology yesterday.
I missed the last bus yesterday.
We had some visitors yesterday.
I slept twelve hours yesterday.
The weather was perfect yesterday.
Two hundred houses were burnt down in the fire which broke out yesterday.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday. We had a very good time indeed.
It seems like yesterday, but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met.
It was not until yesterday that he was free of debt.
It was not until yesterday that we knew about it.
It was him that broke the window yesterday.
There were two marriages here yesterday.
My aunt dropped in on me yesterday.
A Mr Williams came to see you yesterday.
I happened upon Bernard at a restaurant yesterday.
I met your parents yesterday.
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.
Where is the ticket window?
Turn him down once for all.
A fox is a wild animal.
The fox hid in the hollow tree.
The tail of a fox is longer than that of a rabbit.
Surely the weather will become fine.
There'll be standing room only.
I think we can be friends.
I'm sure he has something up his sleeve.
I bet all will turn out well.
I'm sure she will turn up soon.
No doubt she will come soon.
I'm sure she'll get over her illness soon.
I bet he will get mad.
I bet he arrives late - he always does.
I am sure of his accepting our invitation.
I'm sure he is guilty of the murder.
He will certainly attend the meeting.
I'm sure of his working for our company.
I am sure of his trusting you.
I bet he doesn't make it.
I am sure I can get in touch with him by telephone.
I am sure he'll tell you as soon as he comes.
You must have been working too hard.
I'm sure your endeavor will bear fruit.
Mind you come on time.
I bet the teacher's going to get mad!
Go to those who you are sure will help you.
Go first to those who you are sure will help you.
Don't fail to write to me.
See that the homework is done by the weekend.
Be sure to be in time.
I figure it's because when I'm driving around, my zip code keeps changing.
By God, I'll finish this homework.
The situation, I am sure, will be improved.
In all probability, we shall arrive before them.
I bet we'll have a test today.
Be sure to pass the exams.
Please write to me without fail.
I'm sure you'll like it.
I'm sure I'll be able to find it.
I am sure of your son coming back safe and sound.
He must love you.
The weather is sure to be wet.
It's going to rain, for sure.
It's bound to rain.
It must have slipped my mind.
Bob will certainly attend the meeting.
I'll be bound.
You must be a good cook.
It should be pleasing.
I'm sure Mom will get mad.
I'm sure you were surprised to hear of my marriage.
I'll miss you so much.
Be sure to come at 3.
The policy is bound to drive the economy into further recession.
In the kitchen.
I have a strained back.
His hard life is telling on his health.
Hard work injured his health.
A tight belt will interfere with circulation of the blood.
Don't be so hard on me.
Students should attend classes regularly.
You should think before you begin to speak.
Sit up straight.
Shut the door tight.
No one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat.
Let's go back the way we came.
If you care to, you may come with us.
You may invite whoever wants to come.
Can you play the guitar?
He feels relaxed when he's playing the guitar.
The boy playing the guitar is Ken.
Who is playing the guitar?
Playing the guitar is fun.
The boy playing the guitar is my brother.
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
Playing country-western music on guitar is real kid stuff to a true professional.
I want a guitar.
The jagged edge ripped a hole in his trousers.
The smirking male clerk replied.
To hear is to obey.
Kie never got off on older men until she met him.
Get me the key.
Bring me the key.
Keeton put magnets on the heads of his pigeons.
Keeton wanted to know if this is true.
Keeton supposed that perhaps bird and animals know about these lines.
He got married to Ann last month.
What is a cancer cell like?
Our sales organization for Gamma is not strong.
Cambodia appealed to the United Nations for help.
The joint-venture in Cambodia backfired.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity.
Cancer is not one but more than hundred distinct diseases.
The drought damaged all the crops there.
Cancer may be related to viruses of some kind.
Lack of money is a serious hindrance in their fight to conquer cancer.
We joined the country club.
We can cure some types of cancer.
There is no advantage in losing your temper.
They erected a statue in memory of Gandhi.
Cancer took him.
The outraged employee resigned at once.
He is fuming that they will be sorry for it some day.
A female kangaroo carries its young in the pouch.
Let's row the boat in turn.
Turn about is fair play.
I wish you to go there instead.
The poor girl shed tears.
Instead use words like "some", "many", "often", and begin statements with openers like, "In my experience, ...", "Excuse me if I'm wrong, but...", "In many instances, ...."
The poor girl lost her way in the dark woods.
It's all over with poor Tom.
The poor old woman was robbed of her money.
The poor cat was on the verge of starvation.
The poor man was never to see his wife again.
The poor boys were shivering with fear.
They kept him waiting outside for a long time.
The poor boy was at a loss what to do.
The poor girl was on the point of death.
The poor girl made a living by selling flowers.
The poor little girl did nothing but sob all day.
The poor girl went blind.
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.
The poor child suffers from hay fever.
The poor dog was literally torn apart by the lion.
The poor girl broke down upon hearing the news.
The poor boy was knocked down by a car.
The poor little girl did nothing but weep.
The poor old woman had her bag stolen again.
The poor girl went out of her mind.
And she'll never walk down Lime Street anymore.
The greatest hate springs from the greatest love.
Please get me a pretty girl.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
The pretty girl walked up and asked the clerk at the fabric counter.
I love whatever is cute.
The calorie is an exact measure of the energy in food.
Rich foods don't agree with my health.
I barely managed to catch the train.
I narrowly escaped being hit by a car.
I escaped the accident by the skin of my teeth.
You are only just in time.
Karen went there herself.
Karen is angry with me.
Karen is not angry with me.
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market.
The date on the calendar was September 23, 1964.
I neglected to note it in my calendar.
Where are you from, Karen?
I visited him, whom I had not seen for years.
I am in doubt what to do with him.
They explored the desert in quest of buried treasure.
They bound his legs together.
They had an exciting game.
They went into the woods for a picnic.
I am in the dark about the relation between them.
They came into the house.
Just give him the wallet.
He may well be fired.
Curry and rice is my favorite dish.
Curry and rice is her favorite food.
Curry sauce is very nourishing.
The garage has rusted.
The garage is at the side of the house.
I heard a strange sound coming from the garage.
Carlos turned round.
Carlos waited a moment.
Carlos went away and came back with the book.
Carlos climbed the mountain.
A man named Carlos came to a mountain village looking for that old man.
It's the place that has all of Gulfport talking.
For the best fried chicken in Gulfport, go to Grandma's Kitchen.
They grow oranges in California.
Please deal the cards.
Galileo dropped two iron balls from the top of the tower.
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
The Caribbean abounds with islands.
California is about as large as Japan.
California is famous for its fruit.
A Californian policeman pulled a car over and spoke to the driver.
In California are the famous big trees, or "forest kings" as they are called.
California and Nevada border on each other.
Jogging is out in California.
Gulliver's Travels was written by a famous English writer.
Gulliver traveled in quest of adventure.
If he knew the truth, he would tell us.
If a nuclear war were to break out, mankind would perish.
Although it was raining, I had to go out.
If you were to be given a million yen, what would you do with it?
The entire body is densely covered with hair.
I wish I had taken better care of myself.
I ache all over.
I have a dry cough.
Glasswork came from Persia by way of the Silk Road.
A crystal chandelier was hanging over the table.
Glass breaks easily.
Glass is made from sand.
The crow spread his wings.
Crows all but destroyed the farmer's field of corn.
The glass bowl broke into tiny fragments.
I cut my right hand on a piece of glass.
When I tried to set the glass down in the sink my hand slipped and it shattered to pieces.
Don't touch the grass.
They looked at the rubbish, then they looked at each other.
I cannot stand being made fun of.
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.
His karaoke voice would put a professional to shame.
I hate karaoke.
I want a roll of color film for prints.
The information presented in Kelly's paper on color coordination is seen to be of use in building up an alternative theory.
The sea gulls are flying low.
The sea gull glided on the wind.
The chameleon can take on any color.
The chameleon can take on the colors of its background.
May I have some camera batteries, please?
Japan's competitiveness in camera making is unchallenged.
I bought a camera with its accessories.
I'll have to have my camera repaired.
I should've brought my camera.
Do you have a camera?
There's no point in taking a camera.
I took my camera along.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Watch the camera for me while I make a phone call.
Watch my camera for me.
I have lost my camera.
Your camera may be stolen if you leave it there.
Are you bringing your camera?
The camera was essential for me.
How many cameras do you have?
Smile at the camera, please!
Will you smile at the camera, please?
Hold the button down until you hear the shutter make a clicking sound.
I failed to put film in my camera.
Does it hurt when you chew?
Some gum stuck to his shoes.
The gum adhered to the sole of the shoe.
Do you feel anything unnatural when you put your teeth together?
I have a bad bite.
My wife's trying to sleep.
What is hard to put up with is his over-politeness.
Don't go too near the dog for fear it should bite you.
Look at the picture on the wall.
Gabriel took nothing but the hot soup and a little sherry.
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.
They are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria.
Is there a cafe?
It tastes moldy.
Moths are attracted by light.
Attach labels to all the bags.
Shall I carry your bag for you?
There are a few books in the bag.
I have some stamps in my bag.
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.
She told her children an amusing story.
She took to drinking beer.
She wrote in ink.
Her hat looked funny.
I do not know when she will come back.
Money does not always bring happiness.
I've been looking forward to meeting you.
I am so exhausted because I have padded the hoof for 4 hours.
Will it hurt a lot?
A good many people have an interest in things American.
Quite a number of people still believe it.
Quite a few people came to the party.
Quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday.
Quite a few people couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
There were quite a few passengers on board.
Quite a few students are absent today.
Quite a few students played truant from school.
Not a few houses were destroyed by the typhoon.
Quite a few Americans like sushi.
We had to make a very early start.
I've got some rather serious news.
Until quite recently, most of the things we needed were made by hand.
I solved the problem not without difficulty.
There were quite a few interesting things to see.
It's pretty cold.
Is it serious?
It seems to be serious.
He is quite an odd man.
There were quite a few passengers on board the ship.
Quite a few people have been invited to celebrate the couple's anniversary.
A considerable number of students want to go to college.
A good many people were there.
Quite a few people were invited to the ceremony.
A canary is a small bird and people sometimes keep it as a pet.
He cannot swim any more than a hammer can.
The fish are dying, the Canadians say, because of what's known as acid rain.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
Canada produces good wheat.
Canada abounds in timber.
Canada is larger than Japan.
Canada borders the northern part of the United States.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
Canada is a great place for sightseeing.
Canada is on the north side of America.
The area of Canada is greater than that of the United States.
The population of Canada is about 26 million.
I'm from Canada.
The climate of Canada is cooler than that of Japan.
French is spoken in a part of Canada.
Have you ever been to Canada?
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
Both Canada and Mexico border on the United States.
Relations with Canada remained correct and cool.
Do you know of any person for me to rely on in Canada?
In Canada we sleep in a bed, not on the floor.
What languages do they speak in Canada?
They speak English and French in Canada.
Do they speak French in Canada?
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.
In Canada, you're not allowed to drink until you are 20.
Catholics are against birth control.
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce.
The couple posed for the photograph.
The soup in the cup looks very hot.
The handle of the cup is broken.
The cup broke.
New GATT resolutions could create a real shake-up.
Don't get angry. It won't help you.
She insulted her friend in anger.
At one time they lived in Nagoya.
Once he saw his father there.
Once gold was less valuable than silver in Japan.
There used to be a big cherry tree in the garden.
Once I lived in Osaka.
I used to play with a couple of boys.
Once upon a time, there lived a cruel king.
Never have I seen such a crowd of people.
There was a great conflict between religion and science.
At one time, I used to go jogging every morning.
Dinosaurs used to rule the earth.
I thought that once I meant something.
At one time the song was very popular.
There used to be a bridge here.
You used to be able to see the church from here.
It was once believed that the earth was the center of the universe.
Former pop stars are just plain old women by the time they're 40.
It is once believed that tomatoes were poisonous.
Once they were very useful.
There was once a cruel ruler in the country.
Once the Sultan ruled over today's Turkey.
Once people traded furs for sugar here.
At one time there were many slaves in America.
Once the Japanese built their houses so as to be cool in summer.
Once there was a poor farmer in the village.
The restraining role that the community once played is losing its force as adults become reluctant to reprimand other people's unruly children.
There used to be a house here at one time.
You and I must stick close, back to back.
He looked small beside my father's stout body.
Put the words in parentheses into abbreviated form.
Have you ever seen a cuckoo?
Cuckoos visit here in spring.
I like the way you walk.
I wear cool clothes and cool sunglasses.
Don't lose heart.
To my disappointment, his letter didn't come.
To my disappointment, he had already started.
A goose is a water bird.
To my regret, his was nothing but a short-lived triumph.
The cracking sound startled us.
Shopping by mail through catalogs gives people a wide choice of merchandise.
Please send me a catalogue.
Would you please send me a brochure and price information?
We look forward to receiving the catalog soon.
The Carthaginians longed for peace.
I told you never to move in a group.
It is hard frozen.
Gasoline became so expensive that we had to let our car go.
Could you fill it up and take a look at the oil, too?
Let's find a gas station; we've run out of fuel.
The gasoline truck ran into the gate and blew up.
Gasoline is used for fuel.
Gasoline is sold by the liter.
Should I pay for the gas?
The price of gasoline is so high that we cannot buy a big car.
There is a great demand for gasoline.
A gas station is one kilometer ahead.
Gasoline stations, roadside stands and small houses followed the new road.
The gas is running out.
We're running out of gas.
We have run out of gas.
I fell back on the reserve tank when the gas ran out.
Because I had a cold, I stayed at home.
You must guard against catching cold.
Take care not to catch a cold.
If you have a cold, lack of sleep is very bad for you.
Take this medicine when you have a cold.
Hot lemon with honey is a good remedy for colds.
Feed a cold and starve a fever.
Take this medicine for your cold three times a day.
I will buy cassette tapes.
Cassette tapes seem to have given way to compact disks in popularity.
What money he earns he spends on books.
It took me a month to get over my cold.
I can't get rid of my cold.
It took three weeks for me to get over my cold.
I'm out of gas.
I forgot to turn off the gas!
Did you turn off the gas?
Turn off the gas.
Please turn off the gas.
It was careless of me to leave the gas on.
Kazu told her that he would go to Brazil in May.
It is said that Kazu is the best soccer player in Japan.
Kazu likes sports very much.
Please turn up the gas.
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
The gas tank suddenly blew up.
A gas stove provides the most even heat for cooking.
Gas seems to be escaping from the pipe.
See if the gas is turned off.
Great oaks from little acorns grow.
All right, sir. The salad bar is over there.
You had better take an umbrella.
He needn't have brought the umbrella.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
Leave your umbrella in the hall.
The birds in the cage are singing merrily.
Half of the bananas in the basket were rotten.
There are some apples in the basket.
There are few apples in the basket.
There are some good apples in the basket.
There is a basket under the table.
I'll ring you back.
You would make a good diplomat.
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.
Gambling brought about his ruin.
Cocktail parties can be boring.
Thus, internationalization has become a fashionable slogan for the Japanese.
Thus, they cannot be detected by other animals that threaten them.
Would you help me look for my keys?
The questions involved go far beyond economics.
Frogs are afraid of snakes.
The frog inflated himself more and more, until finally he burst.
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.
Let's return when the frog croaks.
A frog came out of the water.
Maples turn red in fall.
Is there room at the counter?
Tennis shoes are sold behind the counter.
Let's make believe that we are cowboys.
A cowboy is driving cattle to the pasture.
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.
Gauss had an innate talent for mathematical problems.
Don't rely too much on your guidebook.
The guide told the kids not to take a picture.
A guide conducted the visitors round the museum.
The guide will lead us to the famous park.
The guide led us to the hotel.
To make a long story short, he married his first love.
To make a long story short, everything went fine.
When she dumped me, the shock of it was like a huge gong going off and scrambling all my thoughts.
He had the stupidity to try to help Carlo.
Carl showed me the gold medal.
Carl looked very happy.
Carl, you're obsessed with money.
That's Carl.
Carl cannot have been a model student.
It took me by surprise to hear that Carl was moving to Germany.
Karl Lange's record breaking long jump took the crowd's breath away.
To borrow an argument from Karl Popper, a hypothesis is only of value if it can be tested.
The price of the carpet is determined by three factors.
Please be careful not to trip over the carpet.
The curve extends from point A to point B.
Is this your interesting book?
Please deal the card.
Please insert your card.
Charge it, please.
The room looks different after I've changed the curtains.
Take down those curtains and send them to be cleaned.
Open the curtains and let the sunshine in.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
May I draw the curtains?
We require the garden fences for immediate delivery.
I have settled on green for the curtains.
The curtains were taken down.
The curtain has not yet risen.
Let's hide behind the curtain.
Who is hiding behind the curtain?
A silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain.
The curtain caught fire.
The curtains and the carpet are a good match.
Curtains and carpets were renewed.
I can't see in because the curtains are closed.
The curtains blew in the wind.
The curtains were drawn slowly.
The curtains make this room beautiful.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr Carter.
I can't apologize enough.
I'd like to say a few words by way of apology.
I wish to say a word of apology.
I apologize for it.
I must ask your pardon.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
The number is engaged.
May I cut in?
Have you finished talking?
I see your point.
Excuse me for interrupting you.
May I interrupt?
The line is busy.
May I talk to you?
I've enjoyed talking to you.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
Can we talk?
I wish I had more time to talk with you.
May I speak with you?
Can we have a talk?
These are my thank-you notes.
I regret the delay in writing to you to thank you for your hospitality on my visit to your country.
I can never thank you enough.
I have no words to thank you.
I don't know how to thank you enough.
Don't mention it.
The music next door is very loud. I wish they would turn it down.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore.
My neighbors say they're going on a family trip to Hokkaido.
I'm glad I could help.
While they are away, let's take care of their cat.
A gentleman called in your absence, sir.
I will look after your cat while you are away.
The shepherd, even when he become a gentleman, smells of the lamb.
Do you have any bags to check?
How many bags do you want to check?
Bring your friends with you.
I've been invited over to a friend's.
Do you have an appointment with him?
I wish I could help you.
I'm afraid I can't help you.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
I hope to see you.
It's a great honor to be able to meet you.
I'm very happy to know you.
I am honored to meet you.
Good to see you.
I'm pleased to meet you.
I am charmed to see you.
I'm pleased to see you.
We haven't seen you in the past four years.
I have no time to see you.
I'm very pleased to meet you.
Could you give me your name?
Might I ask your name?
May I have your name, please?
What was your name?
I am familiar with your name.
How do you spell your name?
Your name is familiar to me.
May I have your name?
May I have your name and room number, please?
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
May I have your name and telephone number, please?
Might I ask your name and address?
State your name and social security number, please.
Your name and flight number, please?
Just give me your name and address.
I didn't get your name.
During Obon there is much confusion at train stations.
On the tray are five objects - three of them are keys.
The Bon Festival is near at hand.
I will do whatever you wish.
I will tell you if you wish.
I'll help you with pleasure if you want me to.
You may come tomorrow if it is your pleasure to do so.
You may go if you choose.
Thank you for taking the time out to pay a visit to our company.
You might have just forgotten.
All at once, the Buddhist priest burst into laughter, spoiling the solemn atmosphere.
Please give my kindest regards to your mother.
Don't worry, Mom. He isn't particular about food. He eats anything.
Mother put the food on the table and told the children to dig in.
His mother opened her eyes wide.
Unconsciously my mom took hold of the chair.
Mom scolded me for making fun of them.
My mother is well off.
Their mother let them play in the field.
Mother bathed the baby.
Mother is busy preparing dinner.
Mother told me not to keep company with him.
Mother left me a message.
Mother insists that I should eat more vegetables.
Mom is fixing supper now.
Your mother is anxious about your health.
Where is mother?
Mom wants to go there, but Dad wants to watch TV at home.
My mother looked up the history of coffee cups.
Is your mother at home?
The mother becomes irritated and frankly, but gently, tells Beth to leave the room.
My mother is always complaining about me.
My mother is making sandwiches for lunch.
Try putting yourself in your mother's shoes.
Your mother will probably object to your climbing the mountain.
You have to make good the promise for your mother.
The mother's mother is a nurse.
Don't be a trouble to mother.
Get your mother to do your homework!
Do you think your mom could set me up, too?
Don't answer your mother back.
Please make my excuses for absence to your mother.
Please remember me to your mother.
He wanted to be on equal footing with his mother.
Her mother, Mrs Brown, increased the amount of vegetables in her diet.
Mom alone can make this cake.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
With your mother in the hospital, you'll have to work harder.
All of a sudden, my mother began to sing.
Mom bought a pretty doll for me.
I, your mother, will take care of everything for you.
I could see that my mother was in a lot of pain.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
I hope that your mother gets well soon.
When mother scolds you don't answer back.
What should we do if Mom didn't give us money?
You mustn't answer your mother back when she scolds you.
You shouldn't answer your mother back like that when she scolds you.
Mother has sent you some cakes and milk.
When will we eat dinner, Mom?
Mom! Hurry!
Mother, having thought about it carefully, I don't feel I should marry him.
I smell something burning, Mother.
Can I go swimming, Mother?
Mom, add a little more salt to the soup.
Dad told me to help you, Mom.
I hope your mother will regain her health soon.
You have eaten lunch, haven't you?
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
The party of pilgrims started for Shikoku.
I have been waiting for your reply, but have not heard from you.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
Your response is greatly appreciated and will enable us to prepare more efficiently.
Please respond.
I have not heard from you. I was wondering if maybe my mail never got to you.
I'm sorry for the delay in my reply.
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner.
I'm looking forward to receiving your reply.
Thanks for your reply.
I'll pay you back with my calculus notes.
I gave her a doll in return.
I will show you around in return.
How are you doing these days?
I just dropped in to say goodbye.
I've come to say goodbye.
Two years have passed since we parted.
The quality of rice is going down.
The starving man devoured the food.
Hold in your stomach.
Please come hungry.
When she saw that the people were hungry, she begged for food for them.
I have gas.
I'm getting hungry.
Not only were we hungry, but we were also suffering from thirst.
I doubled over with laughter.
My stomach aches after meals.
I'm starved.
I have hunger pangs.
It goes without saying that hunger is the best sauce.
Aren't you hungry?
My stomach is growling.
My stomach is full.
Is the bath ready?
The bath is ready.
There was no bathroom.
Your bath is ready.
It's time to take a bath.
When I was taking a bath, the telephone rang.
Taking a bath makes me relax.
There is nothing as relaxing as lying in a hot bath.
I met your father once.
I'm sorry to hear that your father has passed away.
Stop bothering your father.
Dad is a hard worker.
My father was a contestant in a cooking contest and won first prize.
Dad rarely gets back home before midnight.
My dad has a look at the newspaper every morning.
My father turned a dead ear to my requests.
Dad bought me a camera.
Father is having a bath.
Father is in the habit of reading the paper before breakfast.
My father gave me a puppy for my birthday.
Is Father in the kitchen?
Does your father get home early?
Father got to his office on time.
Father found me a good seat.
When my dad found out that I've been going out with Nimrod Nick, he blew his top.
My father has been washing his car since this morning.
Dad needs to take a rest. He's been working in the garden for three hours.
Father lay watching TV.
Dad can blow many smoke rings.
My father runs a restaurant.
Bear in mind that Father is not as strong as he used to be.
Is your father about yet?
Father ran to the bus stop.
Where is Father?
My father was lying down while watching TV.
A stranger asked the girl whether her father was at home or at his office.
Father advanced me a week's allowance.
Dad bought a camera.
How old might your father be?
When did your father come home?
When will Father be back?
Your father deprived you of your guitar.
Does Father know you've broken his watch?
What does your father do?
Go and sit by your father.
Ask your dad to help you.
Don't go against your father.
Remember me to your father.
Please be sure to give my best regards to your father.
Say hello to your father for me.
Best regards to your father.
Send a wire to your father right now.
Take your father a cup of coffee.
Who drives better, your father or your mother?
My wishes for your father's rapid recovery.
Your father wants you.
Don't make a noise while your father is asleep.
My father helped me with my homework.
I was told to inform you that your father was killed in an accident.
Father took us to the zoo yesterday.
Finish your homework by the time your father comes home.
When Dad came home, I was watching TV.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
I have a message for you from your father.
Dad often works late, and Mom complains a lot.
Dad is shaving in the bathroom.
Because his father was working there.
Would that our father were here to help us.
May I use your car, Dad?
What are you doing, Dad?
Shall I fetch your glasses from the living room, Dad?
When will Mother be back, Father?
I'm sorry to hear that your father passed away.
The farmers must be happy to hear that.
You look very tired. You must have been working too hard.
You must be tired, but hang on 'til 3.
What do you say to staying?
I found a real bargain.
Be so kind as to help the old.
Old people get up very early.
Keep these seats for the elderly.
Be kind to the old.
To offer your seat to the old that is a kindness indeed.
It is good to be kind to old people.
Be kind to old people.
We should be kind to the aged.
You must be kind to old people.
Might I ask your age?
Come right in.
I can't eat meat.
The sun is shining brightly.
Would you like meat or fish?
You two look exactly like brother and sister.
How are you related?
I wish you both happiness and prosperity.
I'm not in a position to answer.
Boil some water.
Don't use all the hot water.
Is the water hot enough to make the tea?
They not only washed off the sweat, dirt and cares of the day in the hot water, but also enjoyed gossiping about everyday affairs.
The water has boiled away.
The water hardly began to boil when she added the ingredients.
The hot water isn't running.
The water is boiling away.
I will pick up a little something for you.
It is so nice of you to give me a present.
Do you have enough time to buy enough things for souvenirs?
Please tell her to call me back.
Thank you for calling.
What's the name of that store again, please?
I entered the shop, and a clerk said, "May I help you?"
How is the weather?
The weather is as nice as nice can be.
It is a fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It being a fine day, I took a walk in the suburbs.
The weather is crook.
It moves the bowels.
It may rain around noon.
Will you have time to have lunch with me?
He came a little after noon.
Do you remember buying me lunch?
You are supposed to be back by noon.
Let's have one of those boxed lunches they sell at train stations.
Scott! Please make hotdogs for lunch.
Are sandwiches OK for lunch?
Leave it to me to prepare lunch.
See you at lunch.
Let's have lunch.
I will call for you at noon.
Lunch is on.
Let's take a short drive this afternoon.
What are we going to do for lunch?
I've been looking forward to your arrival.
I'll make tea for you.
Would you mind making tea for me?
I'd like some tea, please.
Have some tea, won't you?
It's about time you got the tea ready.
Refresh yourself with a cup of tea.
After we had tea, we began the discussion.
While we were having tea, there was an earthquake.
After you've had some tea, carry on practising.
Come and have tea with me.
Let's talk over a cup of tea, shall we?
How about making me a cup of tea?
Please bring a cup of tea to me.
He refreshed himself with a cup of tea.
Will you have a cup of tea?
Please give me a cup of tea.
I'd like a cup of tea.
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Will you have some more tea?
Won't you have some more tea?
Give me some more tea.
Would you like some more tea?
Would you like another cup of tea?
Would you care for another cup of tea?
Would you like a cup of tea?
Won't you have some tea?
Tea was introduced from China.
Would you like tea or coffee?
Fifty persons can be accommodated for tea.
If you put more tea leaves into the pot, the tea will taste better.
The tea tree is a kind of camellia.
Please clear away the tea things.
The quality of tea is going down.
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?
Which would you rather have, tea or coffee?
Which do you like better, tea or coffee?
Tea and coffee helps to start the day.
The tea is too strong. Add some water.
We've run out of tea.
I'd like a tea.
I'm ashamed to say that it's true.
I'm glad to meet you.
Do you know each other?
Please let us know.
I hope your birthday is full of song and good times all day long! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to you!
May I escort you home?
Just observe your cat and you will get to know him.
How late are you open?
Your garden needs some attention.
How do you heat the house?
I suggest that your son come to our party.
Your dog is very big.
How is it going with your family?
What kinds of goods do you sell in your shop?
Your children look healthy.
Let me take you home.
I am surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
Do you let your children drink coffee?
A burglar broke into your house while you were away on vacation.
Please feel free to have a second helping.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Would you like to wait?
Please hang on. I'll put him on the phone.
You'll have to wait.
Thank you for your patience.
Have I kept you waiting?
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Take care of yourself.
Did you get the package I sent you?
At the funeral, the widow looked very dignified, with her black suit, hat and gloves.
Will I do as your partner?
We look forward to your early reply.
You may use my bicycle such as it is.
My car, such as it is, is at your disposal.
You shall be my daughter's husband.
I don't mean to make you worry.
I will sue you.
Guys, what are you talking about? Are you gonna steal my date!?
I think you'll like it too.
You're really a number-one fool.
You had better take this medicine if you want to get well.
You are lying to me.
You wouldn't be so casual about it if you were directly involved.
It will take a long time to live down your disgrace.
You trust people too much.
You have only to sweep the floor.
He told me point-blank that I was fired.
Have you made up your mind to become a teacher?
You have a habit of exaggerating everything.
I brought you up under my personal care.
You are old enough to take care of yourself.
You've taken everything.
You always try to blame somebody else.
You are a goody-goody.
You did it all right.
You always sing.
Don't scatter your things about.
I sure rubbed your nose in shit.
Your beauty turns me pale.
He looks like your brother.
Leave it alone!
This is your responsibility. It's not the kind of thing you can laugh off.
She sets your world alight.
You are soul needs rescue.
Your soul has been condemned to hell.
Your soul needs rescue.
Your behavior brought disgrace on our family.
Your heart's beating, alive and beating.
You have caused me to lose my temper.
This is your fault.
You are two-faced.
I can wait for you.
I will make a new suit for you.
I'm quite out of patience with you.
You shall have my car.
I'm counting on you.
I'm no match for you.
Can't you hear the sound?
I know you don't care.
I've got no time to sit and talk.
I know you can make it better.
I know you can make it.
Where were you loafing?
It seems you and I are essential to this project. We'd better get along or it'll go badly.
You noisy children will be chucked off by the driver.
I saw the picture you took of that fish.
You just made me miss the perfect shot when you hollered.
If you act like a child, you will be treated as such.
That's my own affair.
You are wrong.
There's no need for you to butt in. Just let him do this on his own.
You talk so fast I can't understand a word you say.
You are drunk!
You're overworked.
You should go ahead and do it, just like you said you would.
You should have seen yourself, yawning all through the meeting.
Good-bye!
You're out of it.
It's in the overhead compartment.
We'll call you when your table is ready.
What are you planning to do for the New Year vacation?
I am greatly indebted to you for all you have done for me.
I really appreciate your kindness.
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
There is nothing to be gained by flattery.
Complimenting is lying.
Beware of smooth talk.
Could you bring me some water?
Can I have some water, please?
Could I get some water, please?
May I have a glass of water?
Just water, please.
The rights you requested do not belong to us.
May I have the honor of asking you?
I'd like a doll, a new bicycle.....and peace on earth!
No gratuity accepted.
Thank you again for your good thoughts.
Thanks so much for your good thoughts.
I'm very grateful for your sympathy.
This way, please, mademoiselle.
What's your daughter's name?
Your daughter passed the examination, I hear.
I ask to see your daughter.
Would you like a ride?
It was kind of you to invite us.
Thank you very much for your invitation.
What size do you wear?
This accident has nothing to do with me, officer.
Here comes a copper!
I am pleased at your coming.
Let's have sushi.
You can't drive. You've been drinking.
It was gracious of you to accept.
Can I drink alcohol?
Let's have sake.
As he was drinking he got very merry and kept telling everybody just how much he hated hospitals.
No drinkers.
Liquor will have an effect on a person.
The minute I have something to drink, I turn bright red.
Do you drink alcohol?
Everybody has their favorite drink.
Drinking too much is bad for the health.
I can't help you. As a matter of fact, I'm very busy just now.
Shall I help you?
I am willing to help you.
I said, "Is there anything I can do?"
I asked you if you wanted some help.
Let me take care of that for you.
Let me help you.
The maid was dead tired of her household chores.
The maid immediately cleaned the dishes from the table.
The servants tried to carry out their master's order.
The maid made my bed.
It's very decent of you to help me.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me.
Could you help me?
It's very kind of you to help me.
Thank you for your assistance.
May I use the bathroom?
Could you show me where the bathroom is?
May I trouble you to pass me the salt?
I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm at a complete loss!
Don't be too hard on me, please.
I am in receipt of your letter.
Thank you very much for your letter.
I hereby beg to acknowledge your letter.
I acknowledged the receipt of your letter.
I received your letter.
I am looking forward to your letter.
Your letter reached me only today, having been delayed by the heavy snow.
Thank you for writing.
Thank you for your letter.
You're my good omen.
Thank you for your business.
Would you like me to order it?
A young person wants to see you.
I am sorry if I disturbed you.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
Thank you very much for your hospitality.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but there's a phone call for you.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I would like to ask you a favor.
Stop putting on an act.
Do you like the theater?
Where is your cap?
The custom of bowing is peculiar to the islanders.
Do you have a few minutes to spare?
I am sorry to have taken up your valuable time.
Do you have the time?
Please come and see me if you have time.
Do you have some time?
Is it to go?
Have mercy on me and spare my life, please!
With reference to the invoice No.56789 which was due last month, we have not yet received your remittance.
How would you like to pay?
How would you like to pay for it?
We remind you that our terms are 60 days net.
May we therefore ask you for a two months' extension of credit?
Your payment is now two months overdue.
Bring your children with you.
I'm sure the children are getting big.
Is the kid still up?
You should build a fire under the kid.
How old are your children?
How are you and your wife doing, now that the birds have all flown the coop?
May his life be blessed with health and happiness all through.
Do you have any children?
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.
I feel very sorry for your sister.
Will you give my best regards to your sister?
Will you go out on an errand?
I regret to say I can't come.
How is your work getting along?
Please wash the dishes.
Would you put the dishes in the sink?
Eat everything on your plate, or you won't get any dessert.
You'd better eat everything that's on your plate.
I'd like to go to Takayama during festival time.
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.
I greatly appreciate your efforts during our festival.
Sending year-end gifts is one of the customs peculiar to Japan.
Do you want to sit down?
Pass the sugar, please.
I will help you if you are in trouble.
I'd be happy to help you if you're having trouble.
Behave yourself.
What language do you speak in your country?
Behave yourself, and you'll get something nice.
Where are your manners?
What about your manners!
Watch yourself.
I hope you'll be happy forever.
My clothes have an oily smell because I ate at an okonomiyaki place.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
You may call on me whenever you like.
Whatever you like.
Help yourself to whatever you like.
Please help yourself to any food you like.
Sit wherever you like.
Have a satsuma for dessert.
Well, do you like it?
OK, so that's it for me. Now I'll hand things over to the next speaker.
We solved the problem by mutual concessions.
The chemistry is right for us.
Don't you get on each other's nerves?
They are bitter enemies.
Let's try to understand one another.
There must be a better person for both of us.
Let's stop finding fault with each other.
Let's keep in touch with each other.
To understand each other is important.
Let's agree to share in the profits.
Can we effect a compromise?
So there's no love lost between them then?
It is our duty to help one another.
I don't like families that quarrel amongst themselves.
It seems we are in the same boat.
Find mutual interests, and you will get along with each other.
You called?
What's the name of the party you're calling?
I will bear your words in mind.
If you insist, I'll have another drink.
I will borrow it then, if you insist.
How have you been?
I hope this letter finds you well.
Good luck to you!
Thank you for coming.
It's so kind of you to come to see me off.
It's nice of you to see me off.
Good show!
I'm sure people ask you this question all the time, but it's all that comes to mind right now.
Here they come.
Do you want the doctors to use the machine to make your brother breathe?
Can your brother drive a car?
Compared with his brother, he is a poor athlete.
Your brother got married, didn't he?
He wants the money.
For people who dislike the idea of giving money, a gift certificate is a good idea.
I can't lend you any money.
I will do that work on condition that I get paid for it.
I caught a pickpocket dead to rights when he stole my money.
It is wrong to steal money.
My money was stolen.
I'm trying to save money.
Can you save enough money for the down payment?
I can't lend you money, because I don't have any myself.
Would you lend me some money?
All the money spent, we started looking for work.
All the money put together still won't be enough.
Should I insert coins first?
Will you lend me some money?
I have got some money.
Give me a little money.
We should not make too much of money.
It is against my principles to borrow money.
Is it possible to borrow money?
I ran all over town trying to borrow some money.
People with money were able to buy butter.
You may spend or save at will.
Spending money is as easy as pie.
I wish I had more money with me.
With all his money, he is not happy.
You had better not waste your money.
I have a lot of money.
Please leave some money.
If you have any money, please lend me some.
Can I borrow some money from you?
It goes without saying that health is above wealth.
I don't have much money, but I can get along somehow.
I'll give you back the money tomorrow.
Lend money only to such as will repay it.
Money is used for buying or selling goods, measuring value and storing wealth.
You should be careful of your money.
The money amounts to almost two thousands dollars.
You must make good use of money.
You cannot substitute money for health.
Money will do anything.
You should turn money to good use.
I have hardly any money left.
There was scarcely any money left.
How much money do you have?
I have little money. However, I feel happy with you.
Money answers all things.
I do not want any money.
How much money do you have with you?
I'm not worried about the price.
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.
How would you like them?
Do you have much money with you?
If you have any money with you, please lend me some.
Do you have any money with you?
She is exact in money matters.
Can you imagine the world without money?
Some people write books for money, others for pleasure.
If she continues to live with a man she doesn't love for his money, the day will come when she will be utterly frustrated and between the devil and the deep blue sea.
I'll try Jane for some money.
Stop arguing about money.
Money counts for little.
Money, as such, has no meaning.
Moving money and technology from one side of the globe to the other is not enough.
I want money.
Since we have no money, it's no use thinking of a holiday.
I'm too poor to buy a new suit.
If you need money, I'll lend you some.
Love is as important to me as money is to her.
Do you need much money?
Money has changed his life.
I am running short of money.
Lack of money brought my travel plans to an end.
I can't do it for want of money.
If I had enough money, I could buy this book.
It is generally believed that money brings happiness.
I have run short of money.
Our money ran out.
I can't buy it for lack for money.
We could not continue our journey for lack of money.
It goes without saying that money is not everything.
If you need some money, why don't you borrow some from your mother?
You can withdraw some money out of the bank, if you need any.
The idea that money can buy everything is wrong.
Had I had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
Now that I have enough money, I can get that camera.
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.
I'm glad to know you.
If you are not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
How about cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
How was your holiday?
The holiday was up very quickly.
Good night and sweet dreams.
We have a parking lot for the customers.
You mustn't keep your guest waiting outside.
What about you? Will you have orange juice, too?
The visitor has gone away five minutes before you came back.
Have all the passengers got on board yet?
Our guests should be here within an hour.
What will you be having?
Is there a doctor in the house?
Earning our customers confidence and respect is this firm's objective.
Please write down your home address.
We are trying to clarify your future procurement requirements.
We aim to please.
Could I ask you to get a cup of tea for our guest?
Sir, you have left your lighter on the table.
We have to take great pains to make our guests feel comfortable.
Our guests have arrived.
I'm sorry, sir, but a jacket and tie are required.
The guests were waited on by a highly trained team of young staff.
The customers were made to wait outside in the rain for several hours.
We must keep the customers satisfied.
The guests listened to a number of speeches.
We had no customers, so we shut the shop early.
A customer came and so tea was brewed.
A customer is having his shoes shined on a slapped-together stand.
We sold the store for want of customers.
Did I hurt your feelings?
I am sorry for you.
I'm sorry for you.
Sorry, but you must have the wrong number.
Did I hurt your feelings? I meant no harm.
How would you like it?
Glad you like it.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave.
Give me a telephone call when you get back.
Welcome home.
Will you do me a favor?
I wonder if you could do me a favor.
Please be quiet for mercy's sake during the lesson.
Be an angel and turn the radio down.
For the love of Heaven, don't get angry.
Don't refer to this matter again, please.
For God's sake don't tell it to anyone.
Come on! Give me a chance.
I'd like to ask a favor of you.
Could you do me a favor? Will you lend me some money?
I do beseech you, hear me through.
Thank you for sending the product information asked for.
Please hurry up!
Your face is familiar to me.
Come nearer so that I can see your face.
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
Here is your bill.
The poor educational policy is a detriment to Japan.
Won't you sit down?
Please take your seat.
You're enjoying yourself.
Please pay the cashier.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
How glad I am to see you!
I'm charmed to meet you.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Would you please let me know when it would be convenient for us to meet?
Please help yourself to the sweets.
The boy had been crying until he got some candy.
The baby almost choked on a piece of candy.
You must see to it that the cakes do not burn.
Shall I carry your baggage?
Is this all you have, sir?
How many pieces of baggage do you have?
Why don't we go and see the cherry blossoms?
I take lessons in flower arrangement.
Shall I change the water for the flowers?
Do come and see us when you are free.
It's time to be going.
Can you wait until I make up my face?
The haunted house? I won't be able to sleep at night.
Would you bring me some salt?
Pass me the salt.
Could you please pass me the salt?
I've heard a lot about you.
I have heard quite a lot about you.
Would you care for drinks?
Do you want something to drink?
I'd like to say yes, but...
Certainly. I'd be glad to.
Did you go to see a doctor?
The doctor told you to stay in bed until your fever goes down, didn't he?
My sides ache, doctor.
If you need to go off-line, that is fine.
It is a sad house where the hen crows louder than the cock.
It is the hen that makes the rooster crow.
I have something to live for in music.
Let's begin at the last line but one.
I'll peel an orange for you.
I begin to lose control of myself.
I prefer apples to oranges.
Oranges grow in warm countries.
Oranges are sweeter than lemons.
Oranges have a high vitamin content.
It was so sour an orange that I could not eat it.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
The price of oranges has come down.
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
A glass of orange juice refreshed me.
I'd like orange juice.
Two glasses of orange juice, please.
Orange juice, and two eggs over easy.
I want an orange juice or something.
"Orange Cards" are available from the conductor.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
I can't give up on my dreams.
I don't see anything.
Am I not right?
Don't take it out on me.
I do not know the meaning of hatred.
We will go but you won't.
Mr. Brown, a friend from Oregon, will visit us tomorrow.
I was nicely framed.
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out.
It was boredom that Aldous Huxley considered one of the most dangerous human conditions.
Can you play the organ?
The Olympic Games are held every four years.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
The important thing about the Olympic Games is not to win, but to take part in them.
The vision of the Olympics had kept him going.
The vision of the Olympics had sustained him.
The Olympic Games take place at intervals of four years.
What are the origins of the Olympics?
Preparations are already under way for the Olympic Games.
The most important thing in the Olympics is not to win but to participate.
In Olympic competitions, a gold medal is for first place, a silver medal for second, and a bronze medal is for third place.
I have a lot of discharge.
Olivier acted the part of Hamlet.
You should free those animals from the cage.
Oil is extracted from olives.
An olive branch symbolizes peace.
We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
I feel a lot better now, but I know Dad's going to be real upset.
Dutch is closely related to German.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
The Netherlands is a small country.
Go where you will in Holland, you will see windmills.
What's their approximate worth?
In about two weeks.
Have you finished it already?
My heavens, what an enormous box!
I had some custard pudding for an afternoon snack.
Good night, Mom.
Good night, sleep tight.
Father does gardening whenever he gets a chance.
Well really, you are always repeating the same mistake.
Oh my! Is she weeping for joy?
Oh, you've been to the barbershop.
Oh, you are early this morning.
Well, I declare!
It's really different from what I expected.
The toy department is on the fifth floor.
Put away your toys.
Gather your toys together.
Military toys are abundant in the shops.
The toy train went around the room.
The picnic was canceled for lack of interest.
Any book will do as long as it is amusing.
If it is interesting, any book will do.
Most funny stories are based on comic situations.
Mario's Pub is where the action is.
Any book will do, so long as it is interesting.
Tell me truly what you think.
I don't want to remember. I feel I'll go mad through rage.
I hear you Irish are a bunch of drinkin' fools.
Ask the policeman the way.
The patrolman motioned me to pull over.
What is more, he has a strong will.
On top of that, it was raining.
Also, there is a greater risk of accidents.
It's high time you children went to bed.
You are under arrest.
I'll shut you out.
I will make a man of you.
I don't want to hear you speak.
I don't want to see your faces.
You are stupid, and so is he.
Never lose your fighting fists.
Quit sitting on the fence and make a decision!
Hold your tongue! You talk too much!
You're fired.
You are too young to travel alone.
How lazy you are!
Now that you are no longer young, you must think of your future.
You are no longer a child.
How does it happen that you were not eaten up with all those hundreds and trillions of cats?
What are you eyeing?
Put your coat on my account.
It's to see your face well.
What is your riddle?
Ask her if she'll sew up the hole in your jeans.
The sight of you is an abomination to me.
I shouldn't have told you nothin'.
That is a fine fix you have got us into.
A boy your age ought to behave well.
It was careless of you to forget your homework.
Get back to where you started.
I know you're working part-time.
The man who nearly drowned began to breathe.
The drowning man called for help, but in vain.
The opera singer held a charity concert of his own accord.
The opera starts at seven.
May you both be happy!
My mother always puts my sister before me.
We arrived at the office on time.
There is a friendly atmosphere in the office.
The office was closed for 10 days for the New Year's holiday.
Ophelia wishes Hamlet were still in love with her.
The sun at last broke through about noon.
People were gathering in a huge mass.
The frightened boy's voice was shaking with terror.
Good morning, my sweet dog.
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good morning, Mike.
My aunt was coming to see us the next day.
My aunt is none the happier for her great wealth.
My aunt was pleased with my success.
My aunt brought me some flowers.
My aunt allowed me to park my car in her parking space.
My aunt speaks Chinese as well as English.
My aunt showed me how to make good coffee.
I went there with my aunt last month.
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt!
His aunt's apple pie was delicious and he had a second helping.
Aunt, this is Tom.
My aunt has three children.
My aunt had been in the hospital for a week when I visited her.
My aunt sent me a birthday present.
My aunt gave me a camera.
My aunt will come here for a week.
Won't you come in for a cup of tea?
My grandma stooped down and picked up a needle and thread.
Grandmother looks very comfortable in that chair beside the fire.
Grandmother takes great delight in watching television.
The family was shook up when the grandmother died unexpectedly.
My grandma injured her leg in a fall.
It is mean of him to deceive an elderly lady.
The old lady is bound to fart.
The old lady got down from the bus.
An old lady moved to place next door.
The Canadian chopped down the tree with an ax.
It's self-evident.
Each building has a name.
Time to go beddy-byes, dear.
Tiger lilies are one species of the lily family.
My stomach hurts. Can I have some stomach medicine?
I have a stomachache.
He said that he was hungry, and that he wanted to go home to dinner.
I was hungry.
If you are hungry, you can eat the bread.
Surprisingly, he swims even on cold days.
I want to teach history when I grow up.
You can stay here as long as you keep quiet.
If you are a good boy, I will give you this watch.
Some are moderate; some are radical.
He departed for London the day before yesterday.
My friends came to see me the day before yesterday.
It was stormy the day before yesterday.
I went there the day before yesterday.
The day before yesterday he witnessed a weird incident in the wilderness.
He hung his head sheepishly.
Tell her you like her. Don't be afraid. She won't bite you.
He's not really your father. Heh-heh.
She and I have been married 30 years.
Don't pay any attention to what he says.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
Keep the change, driver.
You gave me the wrong change.
Well then why are you laughing?
Her breasts don't give much milk yet.
Oops, my pen has run out of ink.
Look! We've missed the bus.
Wait until further notice.
What you said does not make sense.
Your meaning didn't come across clearly.
I really understand what you mean.
I think what you say is true.
Admitting what you say, I still think he's in the right.
I don't see your point.
I can't go along with what you said.
When did you graduate from Oxford?
The Oxford crew appeared secure of victory.
How long are you going to stay in Oxford?
Oh! It's my day.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada.
A gentle wind was blowing.
Tadpoles become frogs.
As a tadpole grows, the tail disappears and legs begin to form.
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.
Mumps is an infectious disease.
Don't judge each other by the color of the skin.
There's no reason to panic. Just handle it quickly.
We should do more to protect the ozone layer from further damage.
The destruction of the ozone layer affects the environment.
There is nothing for you to be afraid of.
Sorry to impose, but would you please open the window?
Excuse me but, would you kindly lift that box for me?
The chances are that she will win the game.
The chances are that she'll quit her job.
I dare say she is still in Japan.
It is probable that she will win the speech contest.
It is probable that her first album will sell well.
Perhaps they can feel the lines with their bodies.
The chances are that he'll be beaten.
Ten to one he will succeed.
No doubt he will pass the examination.
The chances are he's already heard the news.
It is conceivable that he knows the rumor.
It is likely to be fine.
His team is likely to win.
Records are particularly scarce for this era, perhaps owing to a long series of natural disasters which befell the capital.
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.
I am afraid it will rain in the afternoon.
In all likelihood, it will rain this afternoon.
Maybe you'll succeed.
He observed that it would probably rain.
In all likelihood, we shall be away for a few days.
I dare say it is a lie.
I think you've got the flu.
There is, perhaps, not one of our natural passions so hard to subdue as vanity.
Perhaps it is only in childhood that books have any deep influence on our lives.
To make an excuse for having stayed out late.
It's too late. I'll see you home.
What would you recommend we eat?
Are there any types of cuisine or restaurants that you could recommend?
What do you recommend?
Can you recommend your favorite shoe store?
Which course do you recommend?
I have been to the station to see my uncle off.
I've had a show.
I stand corrected.
Stop talking and listen to me.
Cut the talking and listen.
Stop chattering and finish your work.
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.
A talkative person is always letting the cat out of the bag and jeopardizing the interests of others.
Let's attend to our work instead of talking.
I like him apart from the fact that he talks too much.
Let's quit and go home.
Could you bring me another hot towel?
Do you have hot towels?
My uncle will have been in New York for two years next month.
My uncle said that he jogs every morning.
Whenever my uncle comes, he brings some nice things for us.
My uncle gave me a book.
My uncle gave me a book yesterday. This is the book.
My uncle gave me a present.
My uncle brought a new TV set for us.
My uncle is staying in Hong Kong at present.
My uncle now lives in comfort.
My uncle has a deep interest in art.
My uncle retired from teaching last year, but he still managed to hang onto a position at the university.
My uncle is generous with his money.
My uncle lives near the school.
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.
My uncle made a fortune.
My uncle runs a hotel.
My uncle gave me the watch.
My uncle is slender, but my aunt is stout.
My uncle always did well by us.
My uncle constantly causes his family trouble.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
It was necessary that my uncle should be informed.
My uncle called on a woman.
Our uncle bought us movie tickets.
My uncle is staying with us this week.
Grandfather talked to me with a pipe in his mouth.
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
My uncle has a large family.
My uncle bought me a watch, which keeps good time.
I got an old Toyota from my uncle.
My uncle gave me a camera.
My uncle blew in from Kobe.
My uncle came to see me.
We haven't been able to find out anything about Grandma and Grandpa.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and got a serious injury.
Grandfather sat in his habitual place near the fire.
Grandfather speaks very slowly.
The old man named the wooden doll Pinocchio.
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.
My grandfather is five times as old as I am.
I take care of my grandfather.
His grandfather bought him the expensive toy.
Pride goes before a fall.
Pride will have a fall.
Pride comes before a fall.
It is wiser to make no reply to angry words.
Don't breathe a word of it to anyone.
I did nothing out of the ordinary.
Rice gruel is easy to digest.
No, I changed it.
That's funny. The speaker is crackling.
It saved me.
They're all fine, thank you.
Thank you very much for your help.
I'm fine, thank you.
The aurora is a phenomenon characteristic of the polar regions.
Like All Ball, this one doesn't have a tail.
When the All Blacks came out onto the field a roar like 'woooaahh' swept over the crowd.
Listening to oldies reminds me of my hometown.
On the whole, the event was successful.
On New Year's Eve, the trains will run all night.
The exhibition games are over and the regular season finally begins.
How long should we leave it in the oven?
Galoshes are impervious to water.
What is the charge for cleaning overcoats?
The owners appointed him manager.
The owners brought in a hatchet man to fire all the union sympathizers.
The new restaurant was making the owners money hand over fist.
Automation is bound to have important social consequences.
Why don't you have your motorcycle fixed up?
Motorcycles are very cheap.
The motorcycle started in pursuit at breakneck speed.
It's fun to ride a motorcycle.
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.
Where in Austria did you grow up?
Have you decided to go to Australia?
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
How did you like your trip to Australia?
Australians are, on the whole, pleased with the stabilizing benefits of their political system.
It was not until I visited Australia that I realized how small Japan was.
I didn't realize till I visited Australia how small Japan really is.
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
Australia is smaller than South America.
Australia is rich in natural resources.
Australia exports a lot of wool.
Australia is the smallest continent in the world.
Australia is abundant in minerals.
The population of Australia is much smaller than that of Japan.
Where in Australia did you grow up?
I'm aching to go to Australia.
There are rare animals in Australia.
There are many interesting animals in Australia.
It is fairly safe to say that the family bound for Australia, or wherever it may be, has in its mind a vision of a nice house, or a flat, with maybe a bit of garden.
The language spoken in Australia is English.
English is spoken in Australia.
Roughly speaking, the seasons in England correspond with those in Japan.
The orchestra members respected Mr Smith as a conductor.
All the orchestra were pleased with their success.
What kind of tree is an oak?
You cannot tame a wolf.
Wolves live in areas where game is plentiful.
Wolves stalked the flock.
I heard a wolf crying.
Hey! Throw that float to me.
"Oh, darling," she said, "sit down, relax, and close your eyes."
Parrots imitate human speech.
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.
A parrot can imitate human speech.
Parrots often imitate human speech.
Parrots are the only animal that can imitate human speech.
I hear you're on bad terms with Owen.
Hey you, shut up!
Shall I check the oil?
The old generation must make way for the new.
When will it be convenient for you to come?
Oedipus thought for a long while.
Oedipus had answered the riddle correctly!
Money cannot be got at bidding.
Delicious looking food doesn't necessarily taste good.
It looks appetizing.
Looks delicious. Think I'll try some.
I'm going to cook you a nice dinner.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Thanks for the delicious meal.
I've cooked you a nice hot dinner.
Good food and good sleep will cure you of your cold.
A nice roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
It's good. You should try it.
I found a good Mexican restaurant.
Any dish will do if it is delicious.
Please tell me the secret to making good jam.
Thank you very much for the excellent coffee.
You shall have a nice cake.
You must not eat too much of anything because it tastes good.
Now just a minute there. I hope you're not trying to tell me you're not going to pay the money back.
We're counting on you to be the life of the party. It'll bomb if you don't come.
Hey! Don't be silly.
Hey! Your baseball just broke my window.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
Hey, turn on the meter first.
Don't you go away.
Hey, look at that girl with her arms folded.
Write your name with the pencil.
What's the height of the Empire State Building?
All entries are subject to review once added.
Our new product development efforts must be done from the end user's viewpoint.
Cut the engine.
Gear the engine to the front wheels.
I got the engine going.
Have you checked the engine?
I have to go soon because I left the engine running.
Leave the engine running.
Nothing's wrong with the engine, but my car won't move.
Please tell me how to start the engine.
The engine died.
The engine is itself very good.
The engine gave out.
The engine makes a strange noise.
The engine wouldn't start.
The engine would not start.
Something has happened to the engine.
The engine doesn't work.
Engineering service will be taken up by the Japanese company.
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
Ellen does not speak English.
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
Ellen was white with shock.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
As the elevator is out of order, we must go down the stairs.
The elevator is out of order.
The elevator was out of order and we had to walk to the fifth floor.
Let me show you to the elevator.
Where is the elevator?
You may not smoke in an elevator.
Are we allowed to use the elevator?
We jammed into the elevator.
I went up to the 5th floor in an elevator.
The elevator is moving up and down.
We have to use the stairs because the elevator is out of order.
I smell smoke in the elevator.
He has no equal in the field of electronics.
Elmore James got nothin' on this, baby.
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.
Although Eri's suitcase looks heavy, it's actually very light.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Eric has begun to sing.
Eric played a sweet tune on the piano.
Elizabeth is independent of her parents.
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.
Eriko worked so long and so hard, without stopping to eat, that I feared she would faint.
Mr Eliot's niece goes to a women's college.
I work as Mr Eliot's assistant.
Ellie is very feminine.
Ellie loves that poet. She knows many of his poems by heart.
Before we examine Emmet's theory, we must clarify the concept of 'internal symmetry.'
Emmet's theory appears repeatedly in these papers.
I should point out that it is necessary to re-examine the validity of Emmet's theory.
Although much research has been carried out into the applications of Emmet's theory, little is known about their feasibility.
The impact of Emmet's theory on physics has been widely discussed, but this is not my concern in this paper.
It should be emphasized that Emmet's theory yielded a number of byproducts in the process of application.
It is not my purpose to investigate the impact of Emmet's theory on biology.
The major result from recent investigations of Emmet's theory has been that it can be applied to biochemistry as well.
It is beyond the scope of the present work to describe all the components that comprise Emmet's architectural style.
I would like to focus attention on the particular design that best represents Emmet's concept.
It is certain that Emmet contrived his 'dyad' style to facilitate the process of architectural design.
I'd like a long-sleeved shirt in yellow, medium.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
No one bakes a finer apple pie than Emily.
Emily won first prize in the speech contest.
Emily is very interested in tea ceremony and flower arrangement.
Is Emily at home now?
Emily has such a sweet tooth she never refuses candy.
Emily is the brightest girl in school.
Emily is anxious to see him again.
Emily kept on waiting in the heavy rain with no coat on.
Who's Emily?
Emi gave her seat to a handicapped man.
Emi was surprised at the nice present.
Emi looks happy.
Emi has never written a letter.
Emi will study English.
Emi is a good girl.
Emi had her mother make a dress.
Emi ordered herself a new dress.
I hope that Emi will appear soon. I'm tired of waiting for her.
Emmy folded the napkin in half.
Emma has a very poor constitution.
Mt. Everest is the highest peak in the world.
Mt. Everest is higher than any other mountain in the world.
Mount Everest is, so to speak, the roof of the world.
Mt. Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
Tie the apron.
Prawns don't agree with me.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
The solution of the energy problem will take a long time.
I was asked to make a few remarks on energy conservation.
When energy supplies are in question all that depends on them is also in question.
Edward looked Kathy in the eye and asked her if she really meant what she said.
Edward succeeded to his uncle's estate.
Edgar Degas was luckier than many painters.
Edward is junior to Robert.
The name Edwin doesn't ring a bell.
Oh my God, I can't believe this.
Let me see.
X rays are used to locate breaks in bones.
Oh, you're leaving tomorrow!
Ezra, will y'all come over tonight?
This ethnic dish is arranged in a Japanese style.
Estella and I are going for a walk.
They have less rain in Egypt than in Japan.
What do they live on in Egypt?
Edison was an inventive genius of the United States.
Edison invented a device for duplication.
Edison was an ingenious person.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison was not a bright student.
We attribute Edison's success to intelligence and hard work.
Edison invented the light bulb.
From the standpoint of ecology, Antarctica should be reserved solely for research, not for tourism or for commercial exploration.
Not just for the sake of the ecology, a natural living environment is necessary.
Do you want an economy-size car?
Quito, Ecuador, is a little south of the equator.
What language do they speak in Egypt?
Yes, by all means.
Well, I get up early, so I want to sleep there.
Well, I didn't buy them, but later someone brought three baby kittens to the Gorilla Foundation.
Let's see. I bought it last week.
Well, time is up. Let's finish the lesson now.
Well, I think jogging is good.
Oh, two nights, please.
What did you think when you actually met me for the first time?
Uh.....yes, I think so.
Let me see. There were fifteen people.
Where's the office for Ace rental car?
Sure, but let's eat dinner first.
Yes, it does. But it snows more in Niigata than in Hokkaido.
Yes, sorry, I forgot to acknowledge it.
Yes, I know her. I look up to her.
Yes, I think it's okay.
Gee, unbelievable!
"Is it the first time you've been here?" "Yes, it's my first visit."
Yes, I went yesterday.
Yes, I think you ought to go.
Yeah. I think so, too.
Yes, he did. He really looked like a doctor.
What? It's only eleven? We still have an hour to go before lunch.
Yes, it's so lovely night.
Yes, he's almost as tall as I am.
Yes, please come.
Yeah, but I'll have to take the rap if they slip up.
Yes, but you do not have to stay to the end.
Oh, it's just that I never meet any interesting men.
Well, yes, but I don't want anyone to know.
OK. Let me give you my number.
Yes, orange juice, please.
Yes. And it's only a hop, skip and a jump to the nearest mall.
Yes, this is Anthony.
Yes, I've been there a couple of times.
Mt. Everest is 29,002 feet above sea level.
There were six children in the Evans family.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday.
Amy looked at me smiling.
Amy wants something new to wear.
How did Amy look?
The stories written by Amy Church are all interesting.
I can't keep track of all the changes taking place in the world of AIDS research.
AIDS can be stopped only if every person decides to take action against it.
I had an AIDS test.
The number of people suffering from AIDS has increased.
AIDS has broken out.
I have a dream that AIDS will be cured in my lifetime.
Where is the Avis counter?
I'd like to try out the aerobics class for a day.
I'd like to try aerobics.
Aerobics is all the fashion.
Where do the airport buses leave from?
I want a compact car with an air conditioner.
Do you mind if I turn off the AC?
Please turn up the air conditioner.
Don't leave the air conditioner on.
The air conditioner doesn't work.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
The air-conditioner isn't taking in enough air.
Well... My house isn't big enough.
Really? I had locked it up before I went out.
He had no luck in finding work.
By good fortune, they escaped.
I wish I had much money.
Yes. I have to read it by tomorrow.
Yes. We should be very careful.
Yes. Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Mm-hm. I think so too.
Yeah, sometimes they do.
Oh, I'll probably just stay home.
Yes, I'll come, Bob.
Oh, just over the holidays.
Ah yes, two, right?
Oh, I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet.
I know what.
The rumor proved true.
The rumor proved to be true.
A rumor circulated through the city.
The rumor proved to be an absolute lie.
The rumor spread far and wide.
The rumor, after all, turned out untrue.
A rumor does not always prove a fact.
I've been nosing around the office trying to find out the news.
You must not base your estimation of a person on rumor alone.
Waaahhh! I lost my wallet.
Wow, it's swarming with tourists!
I could cry for joy.
To her delight, she got through the examination.
I'm glad to say that the boss has been very well lately.
Shut up and listen, kid.
The group of noisy boys was getting out of hand.
Don't look at her enviously.
Uranium is used in the production of nuclear power.
The soft gentle sunlight beckoned me off to sleep.
Please wish me luck.
I hope it'll come out good.
I hope it pans out.
I will hope for the best.
Words fail me.
They talked for hours at cross purposes.
There are no students who can speak English well.
If you want it done well, I'm your man.
I hope everything is okay.
Those two used to get along so well together but even with them you can sense a chill coming on.
I can produce several pieces a day if I'm lucky.
There is a good chance of success.
She studied very hard in order that she might succeed.
I didn't expect to succeed, but somehow I managed to carry it off.
You've sure got the teacher's number.
All those who made the grade in entering that school could not have done so only by cramming.
It is not always easy to make a good joke.
You put things well.
A happy idea came upon me.
That's a good approach.
A good diplomat is a person who practises the technique of letting someone else let the cat out of the bag.
That looks like the kind of guy who'd buy me lots of designer goods tee-hee-hee.
A man's vanity is his tenderest spot.
Conceited people take it for granted that they are superior to others.
He's in the money.
A nod is a sign of agreement.
Some people dislike eels because they look like snakes.
I must have gone past the station while I was taking a nap.
I lie on my face.
Please lie on your stomach.
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
He ate Mr Wood's good country food, and drank a lot of milk.
Mr Wood has his secretary type his letters.
Mr Wood loved Linda dearly.
Mr Wood had no sons.
Mr Wood was like a father to Tony.
Mr Wood came into the field.
Mr Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
Please give him a job, Mr Wood.
You are a pain in my neck!
I cannot leave home even for a moment.
I went past my stop absent-mindedly.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
I carelessly allowed the door to stand open.
I made a careless mistake.
I forgot to bring the book. It just slipped my mind.
Uh-oh. He knew I was lying - saw right through me. I didn't know what to say.
Whoo! I'm feeling that sake. I'm getting blurred vision and it's hard to walk.
She wanted to return home, but she got lost.
We will have some guests tomorrow.
We take the Asahi and Yomiuri.
We take a newspaper.
We keep three cats, a black one and two white ones.
We are a family of five.
My family goes skiing every winter.
We have four bedrooms upstairs.
Our home is a condominium.
Would you please stop singing so loudly? This is not a cheap drinking place.
Our refrigerator is out of order.
Our budget won't allow that luxury.
My daughter has reached a marriageable age.
Jumping rope is my daughter's favorite.
Can you find the time to play with our daughter?
My mother doesn't care for our neighbor very much.
My mother is active.
My mother is certain to say no.
My father doesn't let me go out alone at night.
My watchdog is alert to the slightest sound and movement.
Our cat is very fond of seaweed.
Our cat is in the kitchen.
My cat is such a baby, she follows me around wherever I go.
Our telephone is out of order so I shall have it repaired.
There seems to be something wrong with our telephone.
My little brother gets delirious when he's sleepy. He says the weirdest things.
We have just a tiny bit of garden.
Our garden was full of weeds.
There is a small pond in our garden.
The roses are in bloom in our garden.
My husband isn't quite the provider he should be.
Let's not wash our dirty linen in public.
Our college uses far too much electricity.
Our university has excellent sports facilities.
My son is just idling.
My son has formed the habit of rising early.
Our son was killed in action.
My son is taller than me.
My son grew 5 inches last year.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Our family has some distinguished ancestors.
Our teacher is always on time for class.
Our baby is learning to speak.
Our baby is not yet articulate.
When it comes to my supervisor, he's very inconsistent, so we never get any work done.
Our car is being repaired at the auto shop.
The car is acting up again.
Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
I suppose we're a little too indulgent to the dog.
My boss is very cheerful today.
Our boss is hard to please.
My children make pathetically sincere efforts to get up early.
Our children are independent of us.
Our children all go to the local school.
All our children are immune to measles.
Our children are anxious to have bicycles like those of the children next door.
Our little children were taken care of by the babysitter.
Our baby cannot talk yet.
Our principal is accessible to students.
Our dog is in the kennel.
Our dog has been lying in the sun all day.
We call our dog Johnnie.
My dog is the bigger of the two.
Our dog, which is named John, barks at anybody.
Our dog has gone away.
My cat and dog get along.
Our dog seldom bites.
Let's cut down our expenses.
A fire broke out in a neighborhood hotel.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
Our company is too top-heavy.
Our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy, I'm ashamed to say.
The longer you stay, the more overtime pay you'll get.
We are affiliated with the new joint venture company.
There are some foreign workers in my company as well.
There is no opening in our firm.
Who is the best singer in our company?
He was the first to jump into the world of computers at our company.
Little did I dream that we would expand our business to the U.S.
Our section chief always makes a face at me when I ask him for something.
All my family were just crazy about baseball.
My family are all early risers.
Cooking runs in my family.
Our best negotiators always drive a hard bargain.
This condo is getting old. Why don't we redecorate to give it a fresh feel?
Our boss is very sweet on the new girl.
Our basketball team is recruiting tall boys.
Our TV is out of order.
The chances are very good that our team will win.
I'll eat my hat if, by some chance, my team loses to yours.
All the members of our club, excluding me, are men.
The air conditioner is out of order.
My wife used to be a pro-wrestler, so if she ever catches me two-timing her, I'd be beaten to a pulp.
My grandmother lives by herself.
My grandfather has never consulted a doctor in his life.
Won't you come over to my place?
Would you like to come eat at our house?
We have only a small garden.
We have ten cattle.
We have three dogs, one white and two black.
We have a good heating system.
Our house adjoins his.
Everything is all right at home.
We call our father Oyajisan.
We have breakfast in the kitchen.
We all consider he's the cleverest dog in the world.
All are well at home.
We didn't have many visitors this summer.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
It's sweltering.
He can't get on in the world.
Never tell lies.
Don't tell lies.
It is not good to tell a lie.
I think it's wrong to tell a lie.
Telling lies is a very bad habit.
Don't tell a lie. Be honest.
It is against my principles to tell a lie.
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
She was indignant when I said she was lying.
Because he lied, he was punished.
I feel guilty about having told a lie.
How about adding some Worcestershire sauce?
I prepared a weak solution of sugar and water.
I feel guilty.
Stop pushing me from behind!
The hare hid behind the tree.
Rabbits breed quickly.
Rabbits like to eat carrots.
Rabbits are related to beavers and squirrels.
The hare was outdistanced by the tortoise.
A rabbit has long ears.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
A hare raced with a tortoise.
Even a rabbit, if badgered into a corner, will fight back.
A rabbit is running in the garden.
I heard a Japanese nightingale.
The Ugandans depend on their coffee crop to bring money into the country.
You look gloomy.
I missed it inadvertently.
Please rinse often with mouthwash.
Walter was taken aback by John's cruel insult.
Walter Mondale ran for President.
A vodka martini, please.
I'd like a vodka and tonic.
Mr Wall put off going to the dentist's.
Rumors of a Wall Street crash sparked a dollar selling spree.
All right! Everybody around me is so encouraging I'm getting a rush of motivation.
Wendy was not always interested in Japanese festivals.
Wendy, I'd like you to meet my brother Sam.
The population of Wellington is only about one fortieth that of Tokyo.
Mrs. West is busy getting breakfast ready.
Mr. and Mrs. West are on their honeymoon.
Professor West is almost as old as my father.
Welcome to the town of Westhampton.
We're chosen by the people of Westhamptonshire County to be members of the council.
What is your waist size?
In Wales we have a proverb.
The waitress spread a white cloth over the table.
The waitress set a glass of juice in front of me.
Waiter, I'd like to order.
Waitress, I'd like to order.
The waitress bustled about serving the customers.
The waiter helped the lady with the chair.
The waiter filled our glasses to the brim.
Hm, that's a good idea. Let's go there.
I can't come up with a good idea.
No, thank you. I'm full.
Hmm. I have a feeling I'm going to get lost whichever road I take.
Wool takes a dye well.
Women's Liberation is a broad-based but informal popular movement.
Whoo! Today's practice is tough - much harder than usual.
Ummm. I have no idea how to answer the teacher's question.
Wimbledon has eighteen grass courts, including the Center Court.
The men's and women's singles finals at Wimbledon are among the most exciting and popular sports events of the year.
At Wimbledon there are now special electronic machines to judge the serves.
With Windows, you have to have extensions or it won't read your files.
Windows 95 crashed on me AGAIN!
A wink was his only answer.
Mr Wilson made us repeat the sentence several times.
Wilson's solution is similar to Hudson's in that they used the same constants.
Mr Wilson likes him to play square.
Mr Wilson is angry with Dennis.
Mr Wilson is proud of his house.
Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
Viruses will exist as long as man.
Willie accidentally let off his father's shotgun and made a hole in the wall.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams adopted a child whose parents were dead.
Mr Williams carries that section.
I didn't know that Mr. Williams fought in the Vietnam War.
William Tell shot an arrow at the apple on his son's head.
I have a bottle of whiskey.
Whiskey goes very well with tea.
A heavy tax was imposed on whiskey.
How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?
Vienna is a beautiful city.
The Van Horn family was in the chips.
The inflation issue split the party.
The rate of inflation is slowing down.
Excessive reliance on monetary policy an attempt to curb inflation could unnecessarily constrain credit and hence business.
Inflation should be checked.
It's an inflation-adjusted figure.
Inflation is getting out of control.
Inflation is down.
The value of the dollar declines as the rate of inflation rises.
Because of inflation, salaries can't keep up with the high cost of living.
Prices are high.
High fever is a frequent accompaniment of influenza.
I had a flu shot.
There were many cases of influenza.
I caught the flu.
I've caught the flu.
I have the flu and I'm tired.
The flu struck the metropolitan area.
It is beyond the scope of this paper to argue the input theory in detail.
The informants we used consisted of twenty Americans and twenty-one British.
I ran out of money during my stay in India.
India was governed by Great Britain for many years.
India was subject to the British Empire.
India is the seventh largest country in the world.
India is populous.
India is now short of food.
What is the population of India?
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.
India has a different climate from England.
An Indian buyer and a Japanese businessman haggled over the price of the new product.
Cows are sacred to many people in India.
Have you ever been to India?
In India, the cow is a sacred animal.
Intel gets a huge royalty from the invention.
The Intel people are lucky to have you!
You've done a wonderful job on the interior decoration.
The Indians fought with bows and arrows.
The Indians' ancestors arrived from Asia.
Indians inhabited this district.
The interview is scheduled for 10:00 a.m. tomorrow.
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction.
You may find it a bit inconvenient if you can't use the Internet.
The Internet is very useful for knowing the circumstances of each part of the world.
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.
Day by day and month by month, Internet technology is growing. Actually, make that second by second and minute by minute.
Have them send you an application form over the Internet.
The insulin was making her fat.
The insider trading scandal put a lot of people out of business.
Just bring me the ink, will you?
This is the first time I have visited England.
England was invaded by the Danes.
England is going to win the match.
England is going to win the race.
England was once torn by civil war.
The climate of England is milder than of Scotland.
The constant border wars between England and Scotland came to an end.
I hope your assignment in England was successful.
The ink stain will not wash out.
You need not write in ink.
Must I write in ink?
Don't write in ink.
My pen has run out of ink! Can I borrow your pen?
The government of the Inca Empire controlled everything.
He was the ruler of the Inca Empire.
The Incas had a wide range of interests.
Though the Incas built up a great civilization, they had no system of writing.
There is no furniture in the houses of the Incas.
When the Incas were conquered by the Spanish about four hundred years ago, some of the Incas left Cuzco and went to Machu Picchu in the heart of Peru.
The Inca were religious people.
The Inca took baths more often than Europeans.
So-called trade friction could be avoided some day.
We should bear in mind what is called wisdom is not a mere item of knowledge.
There is no thinking without what is called 'association of ideas.'
What we call 'Standard English' is only one of the many dialects spoken all over the world.
He rose from the dead, so to speak.
Speculation is growing apace.
Many cultures, many stories, and pretty girls.
I feel that I make time to do various things.
He gives us a lot of trouble, but I like him all the same.
After all his efforts, he also failed this time.
Thank you for your many kindnesses to me.
For all his failures, he did not feel so at all.
We hung on in spite of all the troubles.
We are none the wiser for all that was said.
He sent me sweets with different flavor.
Due to a number of unfortunate causes, one-parent families are on the increase.
Many kinds of animals have vanished from the earth.
Electrical appliances have made housework easier.
There are many theories about the sudden extinction of the dinosaurs, but the real cause still remains anyone's guess.
I've visited many countries, but I like Japan best of all.
Different languages are used in different places in the world.
I had my doubts but this last conversation cleared them all up.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy in many ways.
Many things kept me from getting much sleep last night.
There were various kinds of sweets.
For all his political activities he was in essence a singer.
We are very grateful to you for all the help you have given us.
We've been through a rough patch, but I hope it will have made us stronger.
Thank you very much for all your kindness.
Thank you very much for everything.
People know how handy you are to have around. You're a real jack-of-all-trades but make sure you don't turn out to be master of none.
I'm sorry to give you all this trouble.
Please take with you as much as you need.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
A dolphin is a mammal.
The dolphin is a very intelligent animal.
The dolphin is an intelligent and playful creature.
Some scientists think that dolphins are the most intelligent animals in the world except for man, and that we may be able to talk with them one day.
Iran proclaimed war against the US.
Good evening. How many are in your party?
It's time to call in our chips.
It was her turn at last.
At last, a chance in a million arrived.
Words fail right when you need them.
His nerve failed him at the last moment.
Well, I must disagree.
No, you may not.
No, we have to go now.
In fact, he even loved her.
No, thank you. I am just looking.
No more, thank you. I'm full.
Do you have earphones?
Could you bring me earphones?
Do you know, girl, that you're the first secretary I've ever had who stood up to me?
The bad smell sickened me.
I've seen it a million times.
You must do the work even if you don't like it.
Like it or not we're in this together. All we can do is work closely as though we were joined at the hip.
It is psychologically difficult for her to say no.
It is not that I am unwilling, but that I have no time.
Not really. What's up?
If you do your study at all, do your best.
I don't believe him at all.
A man worthy of his salt cannot do such a thing.
If you do anything at all, do it well.
If you do anything at all, you must do your best.
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.
Anyone who is unwilling to read does not understand the joy of reading.
I'm so sorry about what I did. I wish I could just crawl into a hole and die.
They were biting like crazy yesterday.
What a glorious fall day. This is what they mean by the lovely weather you get after a storm.
Well, my family's away and I can't afford to do much.
"Is your father busy?" "No, I don't think he is."
Or that was the idea.
No, Chinese dishes are the best.
No, no, that's okay.
No, I did it on my own account.
I oppose it.
No, I don't have it with me.
No, sit down.
Yes, he can, if he tries hard.
No, I think he just does those things because he wants to please his wife.
No, but I like going to baseball.
No, the traffic wasn't too bad.
Nay, then, I will try it.
No, that's not the right way. You have to turn it the other way round.
No, we'll be in fighting shape in just a month or two.
Potatoes give me wind.
An image is formed by the information in the media.
I'd like to change my image.
Are there any stores with "going out of business" sales?
Not words but action is needed now.
I have a headache now.
Some ships are going out now.
It is silence that is valuable now.
It's too late to turn back now.
There's no turning back now.
May I read the rest of the will now?
With the President dead now, the new policies will have to await government approval.
I was just about to get started any-how.
There's no stopping now.
Now that Bush has been elected, it will be business as usual.
No one has been able to reach the top of the mountain.
With time on our hands now, let's do some good.
I have never been to Nikko.
Butterflies of this species are now extinct.
Mr Smith is poor but he has seen better days.
Soon nobody will have anything to do with you.
You'll regret that!
Some wild animals are on the verge of extinction.
Don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days.
A child today would not do that.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
Many students have a car of their own nowadays.
Are you still having difficulty with physics?
Do you still get in touch with them?
I have heard nothing from him yet.
Some companies are still debating whether to get Internet access.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
No one has ever seen God.
It's no use trying to fix it now.
You need not have a haircut right now.
I am unable to say anything offhand.
I'll be with you right now.
It's too late now.
You can regret it all you want, but it won't do you any good now.
No matter how much you hurry your effort is just a drop in the bucket.
It's no use regretting it now.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
I'm now staying at my uncle's.
I can't really trust Toshiba.
The fact that nowadays fewer men smoke is a headache for the Japanese tobacco industry.
I am coming.
What movies are playing now?
It is just noon.
Should I fill in this form now?
We postponed the event.
It was your tireless efforts and devotion that made the event successful.
It is the snake that tempts Eve.
When it comes to snoring, no one can top Mr Snore.
Snoring and excessive smoking are indeed related.
The dogs were howling at the moon.
The dog ran around and around the tree.
The dog rebelled against his master.
The dog growled at the strange man.
A dog has an acute sense of smell.
In contrast to the dog, the cat has become domesticated only in recent times.
A dog was running.
The dog followed me.
The dog barked furiously, which awakened my brother.
Please initial and send back to us.
Locusts came in big swarms.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
I found my lost dog by means of a notice in the paper.
Talk of the absent and he will appear.
The absent are always in the wrong.
Never speak ill of others behind their backs.
There is nothing to it.
First cousins are too close for marriage.
My cousin is the last man but one in the line.
My cousin is having a baby next month.
My cousin took me by surprise by coming without previous notice.
My cousin took me around the town.
My cousin works in a shop near our home.
We are cousins.
My cousin Teddy majored in French in college and studied in Paris for one year.
My cousins are coming in a few days.
I'll ask when the train will get in.
When will you go on a journey?
When did you get back from your trip?
Whenever you come, you are always welcome.
You will find him home whenever you call.
Whenever you come, you are welcome.
It doesn't matter when you come.
Whenever come, I'll play go with you.
I'm ready whenever you may come.
No matter when you come, I'll play a game of Japanese chess with you.
How long have they been here?
When did you get back?
When are you coming back?
When did Democracy come into existence?
When is she to go abroad?
When did you see her?
When did you come to know her?
Whenever you may call on him, you will find him at his desk.
Whenever you may call on him, you will find that he is out.
When did they go home?
There is no telling when they will arrive.
When will he be able to stand on his own feet?
Tell me when to call at his office.
I'd like to know when you can send it out.
How soon are you going shopping?
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
When do you work?
So, when is it convenient for you?
Whenever I call, he is out.
There is no telling when an earthquake will occur.
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.
Whenever I go by, Mt. Fuji is in the clouds.
War may break out at any moment.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
When were you born?
Please let me know when you will come to Kobe.
I imagine that you are wondering when your new PC will arrive.
Please tell me when to serve the food.
When will you harvest your wheat?
When will it suit you to start?
Tell me when to start.
When to set off is a difficult problem.
When are you off?
When are you going to leave?
When to start is the main problem.
Please tell me when to leave.
Please inform me when to start.
When will you get ready to leave?
When will you leave?
When should I finish my homework, Mr Jewel?
When did you change your address?
When does it end?
When did you buy the watch?
When did you miss your watch?
When will you bring back my umbrella?
It could attack us at any moment.
It is still undecided when we will begin.
When will you get through with work?
When did you miss the purse?
When can you let me know the result?
When will they arrive?
When did you graduate from high school?
Would you tell me when to get off?
Would you please tell me when to get off?
Please tell me when to go.
When shall we go?
When do you want to go?
When was it built?
When are you going to say, I do?
When are you planning to tie the knot?
When will they turn off the no-smoking sign?
When did you get to Kyoto?
What time did you come home?
I don't know exactly when I will be back.
He hasn't told me when he will return.
When did you open your new store?
When did you return?
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
A war may break out at any moment.
It may rain at any time.
It may rain at any moment.
When are you going to leave for London?
When did you get back from London?
When do we hand in the report?
When did you go to Rome?
When are you going to Europe?
Tell me when to stop.
What do you usually do after dinner?
I always keep my word.
You should always keep your word.
I always feel sleepy.
The member of the family who is always in trouble is the black sheep.
You must always tell the truth.
You don't have to tell the truth all the time.
I always read myself to sleep.
I always have an uncomfortable feeling.
They are always complaining.
I'm always moody.
He is cross because she always comes late.
He is always laughing.
He is always full of power.
I always need an extra blanket in the wintertime.
I always keep my deadlines.
It isn't as if I'm learning by being corrected all the time.
If you always travel by subway, you seldom surface other than at your stop.
And every day the boy would come and he would gather her leaves and make them into crowns and play king of the forest.
To be always honest is not easy.
It's not easy being honest all the time.
I'm always very nervous.
We have to be ready not only for a straightforward test of strength, but also for a struggle in which every strategy comes into play.
Always have your dictionary near at hand.
Keep your hands clean.
Always be true to yourself.
We must always consider the feelings of others.
People who talk about themselves all the time bore me.
Keep the dictionary ready at hand.
Always keep your office tidy.
I've been thinking about marriage a lot, and I think we should just do it.
I say it all the time.
Come whenever you like.
I'm always under pressure.
I write articles regularly.
I always study hard.
How is it that you are always late for school?
It isn't always summer.
What time do you usually have breakfast?
What's always on your mind?
You always take the lion's share!
I always work alone. I'm just not a team player.
You should always keep a broad perspective on the work you do.
I urinate more often than usual.
I arrived later than usual.
Mary invariably brought more food than she could eat.
Always keep a handkerchief in your pocket.
He is always writing about journey to other planets.
I missed my usual train.
She generally sings very well, but now she is singing very badly.
It's because I missed my usual train.
She came late as usual.
I'll be waiting for you at the usual place.
I tried harder than usual, so I'm all the more exhausted.
Always keep this dictionary handy.
As usual, he got up early in the morning and jogged.
As usual, he was the last to arrive at the theater.
It is imperative that you be on time as usual.
As usual, he was late and made us wait for a long time.
As usual the peasants are busy scattering grain seeds.
He may have missed his usual bus.
As usual, Mike turned up on time. He's very punctual.
I met the usual people at the usual place.
I'm always thirsty.
As is usual, Bob came to school late this morning.
As usual, his thoughts were extremely academic.
We were served French champagne, not to mention the usual cocktails.
My regular waitress wouldn't have anything to do with me.
Let's occasionally change where we go to eat out.
Some children play video games all the time.
We're always going there! Let's go to a French restaurant for a change.
I'm always under stress.
Fasten your seat belt at all times.
Is it always so crowded here?
He was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates.
You can't win them all.
You're always there for me, so if you're ever in dire straits, just let me know and I'll come running.
I always feel gloomy.
She was always able to answer all the questions.
That place is always crowded, but I reserved a table today, so we don't have to worry.
I always wanted to see you.
I regularly go to bed at nine.
You always ask me to join your team because you need one more guy. Come on - just once I'd like you to say it's because I alone am worth ten of them - even if it is a lie.
How long are you staying in Japan?
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
Until when will you be in Japan?
How long will you stay in Tokyo?
How long will you be staying here?
I'd stop worrying about it and take some action. The anxiety that comes from doing nothing is worse than any danger you might face.
Stop being such a hard-ass. Come on over.
Are you going to cry till the cows come home?
I will love you forever.
You can complain 'til the cows come home, but it's not going to make a bit of difference.
That secret can't be kept forever.
I wish you a long and happy married life.
I will remember for you forever.
How long are you going to keep whimpering about that? You can't change the past.
When are you going to stop laughing like an idiot?
How soon do you need it?
How soon will you be able to finish the task?
You can wait till the cows come home.
Until when are you staying?
How long are you staying?
When will this machine be put in motion again?
When are you leaving for Boston?
On the other hand, he had a different opinion.
You must bring the full glass with you.
When did you come to Paris?
When shall we leave for the party?
Read such books as will be useful some day.
Some day man will reclaim the desert for agriculture.
Before I knew it, I couldn't see the birds.
Summer has gone all too soon.
Bob went out before I knew it.
So, when are you going to break down and buy a house?
Your dream may come true at any moment.
When and where did the war break out?
When and where did you buy that old clock?
I don't remember when and where I met you.
You will always find a good friend in me.
Come and see me whenever you want to.
Please come and see me any time.
Come and see me any time you like.
Always tell the truth.
You can always ask for his help.
She always gives an instant answer.
You can come whenever it is convenient for you.
You can count on me any time.
Please call me at any time.
You cannot always have your own way.
We're ready to leave.
You should always apologize in person.
You can always count on me.
Any time will suit me.
You can borrow my car anytime.
You may always use my dictionary.
You'll always have a roof over your head.
You may use my typewriter at any time.
Call at my office at any time.
You may call me anytime.
I'm always at your service.
I'm always ready for death.
You can use it anytime.
Come on any day you like.
Say the word any time.
Come and see me whenever you like.
Come to my house whenever you like.
Please come whenever you like.
Come at any time you like.
I'll see you whenever it suits you.
I will be glad to help you anytime.
I'm always on call at home.
There is always something to do.
Please feel free to ask a question at any time.
Drop in at my house any time you want.
You can use the word processor anytime.
You may use it any time.
You can always quit the job.
You can use this computer any time.
Call me anytime.
You can always reckon on me.
I am always ready to help you.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient to you.
You may come whenever it is convenient for you.
Please come and see me whenever you like.
No man is wise at all times.
When do you play tennis?
I tell you it's no good your being angry with me.
Once she starts talking, there is no stopping her.
Once you have made a promise, you must keep it.
Once we start reading a book, we should read it all the way through.
Once you have begun to do something, don't give up.
Once you break the seal, you can't return the tape.
Once you have reached informal agreement, you should enter into a contract with the other party.
Once she arrives, we can start.
You'll like him once you've had a chance to talk to him.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
Once you get to know her, she is very friendly.
He doesn't behave himself once he's drunk.
You cannot take back what you have once lost.
Once you start, carry it on.
Once you are married, you are done for.
Once you have a plan, you should keep to it.
Once you start smoking, it is difficult to get rid of that bad habit.
Once you have begun to do something, never give up.
You'll find the way all right once you get to the station.
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Once a bad habit is formed, it is hard to get rid of it.
Once a thing is posted, it is in the care of the Post Office.
Once they came in, Levi's never went out of fashion.
We can always find time for reading.
Can she have broken off with them?
I wonder what ever will become of them.
How ever did he succeed in making it?
What in the world does he mean?
Can anyone believe you?
Who in the world lighted the candle?
Who on earth are you?
What on earth are you thinking about?
Can a child do such a cruel thing?
What have you been doing all this while?
That doesn't make it clear at all whether you're for it or against it.
Do you know him at all?
Did you speak at all?
What in the world are you doing?
What on earth did you put it on the menu for?
What in the world do you want to do?
Can Bill still be at home?
Why on earth did you take him to the station?
Why on earth did you resist taking medicine?
Why should you be surprised?
Whichever Brown do you mean?
Where ever did you buy it?
How on earth did you get into our room?
How can you justify your behavior?
How dare you speak to me like that!
How ever did you find it?
Why should you think so?
How come he is going to accept the proposal?
Whatever do you mean?
How on earth did you get it?
Why on earth did you give him such a name?
Where the hell are you going?
Where on earth did you get that hat?
Can these books really be of any use to young people?
What's all this noise about?
I wonder when this building was constructed.
Do you believe it at all?
Why on earth did you do that?
When will you ever loosen your purse strings?
When did you buy it?
When did you come up with such an idea?
I am unable to give my word as to when it will be done.
When shall I return the book?
When are they going to put the book on the market?
When will the law go into force?
Tell me when you first saw the island.
When did you get to know the fact?
Can you tell me when to switch the machine off?
When did you see the film?
When did you hear the news?
When did you go there?
Won't you go and see a baseball game with me?
Would you join me for lunch?
You have only to go with me.
Why don't we have lunch together?
Would you join me for a walk?
Will you go on a picnic with me?
It seems like yesterday that we skated together.
When will we get to Sydney?
Let's study hard and become great men.
Sleep stole over us.
When would it be convenient for you?
When did you get the concert ticket?
When will you give me your answer?
When will this be returned to me?
When was this car washed?
When did you come by this bicycle?
When did you arrive?
When do you leave here?
What time do you leave here?
When to turn the corner is a difficult problem.
I know nothing about it.
I met him once.
When is a good time for you?
Call me sometime.
Some day you will regret this.
We must get together for a drink some time.
Someday I will repay him for looking down on me.
Some day I'll paint a great picture.
Some day they will find me lying in neglect and decay.
Some day I want to go to New York.
Some day my dream will come true.
Please come to our town some day.
You will succeed some day.
Someday your dream will come true.
I'll call on you one of these days.
Some day next month I plan to go to Kyoto.
I'd like to visit England someday.
Someday we will be able to go on a voyage to Mars.
I want to go abroad one day.
How long have you had this pain?
How long has it been snowing?
How long have you been looking for it?
Hope we can do business again someday.
I would like to see you again some day.
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign.
I should go there sometime.
I would like to visit New York someday.
The day will come when the business will succeed.
I wish to work in the laboratory some day.
I will take you to the zoo one of these days.
I have seen him once on the train.
I want you to meet my sister I spoke of the other day.
I'd like to visit your country someday.
Some day we'll take a trip to India.
We should have a game sometime.
Someday I'd like to go to England.
I want to go to America some day.
May I call on you some day?
I will come to your country some day.
I'd like to come around to your house sometime.
Why don't you come by sometime after ten?
He will be sorry for it some day.
When can I see you?
Let's meet sometime in the near future.
When can I visit you?
When will you go out?
When shall I come for you?
When will you return the money to me?
When do you want me to send these invitations to our customers?
When are you going to call the doctor's office?
Whenever you come, I'm glad to see you.
You have a standing invitation to join us.
At anytime an invitation you can't decline.
I don't know when I'll get around to visiting you.
When did you go to Kyoto with your sister?
Please tell me when you are coming back.
Tell me when you are through with your work.
When and where did you come to know her?
When and where did you receive the gift?
When did you buy this video?
Wherever, wherever I am.
Ichiro is an outstanding baseball player.
Even the brightest student couldn't solve the problem.
You should get the job for which you are best fitted.
How can I get to the nearest post office?
You will obtain your greatest desire.
Once you get used to electronic media, you can no longer do without them.
Strawberries sell at high prices in winter.
The berries were ripening almost as fast as we could gather them.
Strawberries are in season now.
Strawberries are now in season.
Strawberries are made into jam.
Strawberries are in season at the moment.
Nature's balance is going to be upset everywhere.
Made in Italy, these jeans were very expensive.
I find Italian food very desirable.
On his tour of Italy, he visited several cities which are famous for their scenic beauty, for instance, Naples and Florence.
Married to an Italian, she lives in Rome now.
Where did you pick up your Italian?
Giotto is credited with sowing the seeds of the Italian Renaissance.
Did you ever visit Italy?
When are you going back to Italy?
Italy is bounded on the north by Switzerland.
The population of Italy is about half as large as that of Japan.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
Some Italian fashion designers are saying that white bathing suits will catch on this year.
I've been to Italy on a study abroad program.
There are a lot of old cities in Italy. Rome and Venice, for example.
Now that you are in Italy, you must absolutely see Naples.
In Italy, each village holds a festival once a year.
The weasel is noted for its bad smell.
I like the child all the better for his mischief.
Mischief is common to most children.
While she was running after the naughty boy, one of her shoes came off.
My flower garden was trampled by urchins.
You can stay here as long as you like.
Hurry up! We are all waiting for you.
I'm not going to quit the club because I am busy.
Shall I get you a chair?
Please bring a chair and join us in the game.
Get me a chair, please.
Move the chair nearer to the desk.
Draw your chair closer to the fire.
Bring a couple more chairs.
Please put the chair away. It is in the way.
You shall hear more from me by the next mail.
I will call on you again.
I suppose I've got to get my feet wet sometime.
Every company has a firm business plan.
Anyway, I'll tell you when he comes.
God help us whether or not.
I will leave tomorrow, in any event.
At any rate, the party will have to be cancelled.
In any case, I did my duty.
In any case, you have to leave early, whether you like it or not.
In either case, the division is real and useful; but it can also be misleading.
In any case, catch the train tomorrow.
At any rate, he was satisfied with the results.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
At any rate, it will be a good experience for you.
At any rate, we can't change the schedule.
It is not my intent to hurt you in any way.
In any case, you are wrong in your conjecture.
At any rate, we have no means of helping him.
Anyway, if you want to know more about my country, I'll send you a letter when I get home.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
I will get in touch with you.
Anyway, we'll talk it over tomorrow.
Soviet and Western observers have warned that if the Muslim republics do not join the commonwealth, they may from a separate group, setting up a volatile ethnic and religious split.
The makeup of Mideast peace talks may change due to a change of heart on the part of Israel.
Leave the chairs as they are.
Please use this wooden box in place of a chair.
The joints of the chair were loose.
There is a cat on the chair.
I found a pair of gloves under the chair.
Make sure that chair is firm before you sit on it.
Don't scrape your chair on the floor.
The chair is broken. You'd better get someone to fix it.
The harassed mule got his back up and began kicking up dust.
When it comes to dancing, nobody can move like Michael Jackson.
When it was time to vote, he abstained.
Aunt Isabel is generous and gave us a lot of presents.
Isadora Duncan danced with such grace that she was invited to dance in Europe.
Your courage will come out in a crisis.
My courage failed me at the crucial moment.
My umbrella will serve for a weapon, should the occasion arise.
This will come in handy in a pinch.
The wind failed us.
My resolution dissolved at the last moment.
Save money against the unexpected for when it's necessary.
Put aside money for a rainy day.
Quarrelling spoiled our unity.
It's really nice having you here, Isao.
I watched the film named "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
The boss is hard to get along with. But if I try to talk to him about problems I have at work he might have a little heart. Even a hunter can't kill a bird who flies to him for protection.
Many a day did she spend knitting a sweater for him.
The Japanese distribution system, characterized by layers of wholesale, is complex and costly.
Even the best fish smell when they are three days old.
No matter how old I get, I'll still have the energy to play ping-pong.
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street.
He will arrive by eight at the latest.
Search as we would, we could not find it.
I haven't got the nerve to ask you for a loan.
No matter how close we may be, I can not ask him to do that.
Keep a tally of what you owe.
I don't care how much you say you love me. I know your feelings for her haven't changed.
No matter how much you might think you like curry, three nights in a row is more than enough.
I've called and called, but there's no answer.
You can't study too hard.
No amount of money will change his mind.
However hard he worked, he did not become any better off.
No matter how hard you may try, you won't succeed so easily.
We cannot work too hard.
Even in the worst case, she will not die of such an illness.
Try as you may, you will never get him to agree.
Try as you may, you will find it impossible to give up that habit.
Try as we may, we cannot swim to the rock.
Try as you may, you can't master English in a few months.
What price will you give for this?
However much she eats, she never gains weight.
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.
A number of books were stolen.
I should be glad to be of any service to you.
I would be happy to be of any service to you.
We cannot finish it before Saturday even if everything goes well.
After countless burials of the hatchet, we always dig it up again. There doesn't seem to be any sign of an ever-lasting peace.
No matter the age, a child is a child.
I have some questions to ask, but I don't want to bother you now.
We ate several, but a good few were left.
May I ask some questions?
Please permit me to ask you some questions.
The former is inferior to the latter in some respect.
I don't like her in some ways.
You are wrong in some respects.
I'm not at one with you in some respects.
He pointed out that the former was inferior to the latter in some respects.
Localities imposed bans on development.
Some fine phrases occurred to the poet.
Some species gradually develop elaborate repertoires of dozens or even hundreds of variants of a basic song.
Some questions were asked me by the teacher.
Some poems were also written by him.
Some difficulties hindered him from doing it.
Your writing is good except for a few mistakes.
Some families spend their vacation near the beach.
Some apples rotted on the tree.
A combination of several mistakes led to the accident.
Several teams are contending for the prize.
Please take some of them.
We have some local wine.
Several scenes have been cut from the original.
The English breakfast was made popular by the architects of the British Empire.
The British government is against the plan.
The English are a polite people.
The English are known for their courtesy.
The English are said to be conservative.
The English are a practical people.
The English set a high value on freedom.
England is proud of her poets.
The English are said to be a practical people.
The English are a hardy people.
The English love the unicorn as much as they love the lion.
The English entered into the tea trade at that time.
On being introduced to somebody, a British person often shakes hands.
English people call elevators "lifts".
The English established colonies in America.
The English established colonies in America in 1609.
An Englishman's home is his castle.
An Englishman would act in a different way.
An Englishman would not use such a word.
As compared with the English, we are too near-sighted.
An Englishman would not pronounce it like that.
There are a lot of expressions used by English people.
Not all English people like fish and chips.
The British Parliament is divided into the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
The English Channel separates England and France.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
There are some differences between British English and American English.
Take England for example.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
Britain established many colonies.
England is a land where the policemen carry no revolvers.
England is a country that I've wanted to visit for a long time.
No other English dramatist rivals Shakespeare.
The climate of England is similar to that of Hokkaido.
The climate of England is milder than that of Scotland.
British soccer fans sometimes get completely out of hand.
Together with Britain, France may ban imports of waste from Germany.
While in England I often consulted the guidebook.
When I was in England, I had great difficulty trouble in speaking English.
The fact that Britain had no national anthem before 1745 is in itself of little consequence.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
The political systems of Britain and Japan have a great deal in common.
Who is the greatest poet in England?
I hear the grass is green even in the winter in England.
The weather changes very often in England.
England resembles Japan in many respects.
In England they are supposed to keep to the left.
In England spring really begins with the first of May.
They drive on the left in England.
In Britain they call the subway the underground.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
Are the stores closed on Sunday in England?
In England they have much rain at this time of the year.
I come from England.
The voyage from England to India used to take 6 months.
You can't just come in here and start ordering people around.
I was discharged without notice.
Ms Sato is no lightweight. I just saw her chug three bottles of beer.
Just wandering around can be a good way to travel.
Any amount of money will do.
The most careful man sometimes makes mistakes.
You can see how much difference a few degrees can make.
It's surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
No matter how humble it may be, home is home.
How to live is the most important thing in life.
How to live is an important question for young people.
No matter how learned one may be, he or she cannot be called a good person unless he or she has a sound mind.
That's Bill all over.
Your clothes say "vacation resort" to me.
A squid has ten arms.
It's very important to know how to let off steam, living in this world.
You can always count on Holmes in any emergency.
No animal can exist without plants.
Any virtuous idea can be vicious in itself.
No student is allowed to enter the room.
Any political party is conservative in itself.
Under no circumstances will the princess succeed to the throne.
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.
No action is in itself good or bad.
No country should interfere in another country's internal affairs.
You had better not go.
The raft has drifted far off from the shore.
It was an adventure going down the river on a raft.
Quit the snow job!
How is it with you?
How do you like Texas so far?
No, thank you. I'm so full.
And Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the wedding.
Jesus said, "You believe because I told you I saw you under the fig tree."
Jesus answered, "I tell you the truth."
Jesus wept.
Turning around, Jesus saw them following and asked, "What do you want?"
Jesus was born of Mary.
When Jesus saw Nathanael approaching, he said of him, "Here truly is an Israelite in whom there is no deceit."
This, the first of the miraculous signs, Jesus performed in Cana in Galilee.
Jesus answered them.
When he saw Jesus passing by, he said...
Just say yes or no.
No no she is very naughty.
No, you have to make a connecting flight in Chicago.
To say is one thing, and to do quite another.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy.
I think we could be good friends.
What medicine do you recommend?
Good riddance!
You got that one going in a good direction.
Get yourself a decent suit.
At your age you should know better.
It smells good!
Ah, this hot water's good!
You have a lot of nerve.
He tried harder to get good marks than I did.
It looks as if it's going to be a nice day.
It is a nice day, isn't it?
A nice day, isn't it? How about going for a swim?
Isn't it a lovely day!
It being fine, we went hiking yesterday.
Since the weather is so good, can I open a window?
We have good news.
You got yourself a nice guy.
Hope you'll have a great one.
I think you're on the right track.
You have a nice line in doing your work.
Let's go to the theater early so that we can get good seats.
He seems like quite a find.
He is nice.
He is nice, but he's not the one for me.
I'm jealous that you have a good boss.
I'll get you a nice girl.
I'm very serious about wanting to be a good magician.
I hit upon a good idea.
I was dealt a good hand.
Don't you think that's a good combination?
It's not a good car, but it's a car.
Did you buy a nice bicycle?
You just take the rough with the smooth.
If you are a good boy, you shall have a nice cake.
Behave yourself, or you'll have to leave the room.
If you are a good girl, you shall have candy.
Don't cry, there's a dear.
Now be a good boy and go beddy-byes.
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job.
A good idea came into my mind.
A good idea came into my head.
A good idea entered my mind.
I've got a good idea.
I'm looking forward to good news.
I met him by happy accident.
I'm getting happy.
Like a good wine, he improves with age.
It seems to be a good house.
Did you have a nice summer?
Isn't it about time you went to bed?
Cut it out.
Open your eyes to reality.
You will make a good wife.
The seasoning is just right.
It sounds great!
He is very bad at inventing excuses.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
Sure, but don't take your time.
Do you know a good restaurant?
Sure. What can I do?
No. He doesn't like water!
No, I can't. I have to watch a baseball game on TV.
No, I don't. What's he like?
A good specimen might weigh up to a kilo.
A good brandy completes a fine meal.
You were lucky to find it.
It was a nice party. You should have come, too.
Sure. Do you know a good place?
Sure. What is it?
Sure. That's a good idea.
Sure. It's next to the Plaza Department Store.
That's great. Nobody gives me anything.
Let me tell you this. No one succeeded without making an effort.
You see, I left school when I was thirteen.
Yeast makes dough rise.
Yeast acts as an agent in making bread rise.
Yeast makes beer ferment.
Let's go and watch the Easter parade.
Happy Easter!
I'm painting Easter eggs.
I learned a lot from what I heard.
I'll tell you a secret.
That's a nice coat.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Don't pay any attention to the boss.
I bought a good camera.
Don't do the job just any old way.
Stop pestering me, I'm busy.
Don't give me that!
In other words, he is lazy.
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
Say pretty things about a person's children.
No. I went to Guam once on my honeymoon.
No. I have been looking for them for more than one hour.
No, I'm tired.
No, it cannot be true.
No, you need not.
No, I don't know.
No, she has never fallen in love.
No, I don't. I want to learn sometime.
No. You have to buy it at the ticket office.
No, I don't think it will clear up.
Not at all.
No, she didn't.
No, he didn't.
No, I don't think that I am to blame.
No, I'm afraid not.
No, you need not go right now.
No, I've never been there.
No, you don't.
No, you won't.
No, he will not.
No, I'm not singing.
No, I went out.
No, it gains ten minutes a day.
No, no, my dear.
No, he has gone out for lunch already.
No, I haven't written it yet.
No problem. Come again soon.
No, I will go by bus.
No, please dial nine first.
No, but I'll look it up in the dictionary.
No, but I play tennis.
No, I don't. But I have a slight cold.
No, but they might have them at our other store.
No, thank you. I'm just looking.
No, you don't have to.
No, no, it's on me.
No, I don't. I want a room for tonight.
No, thank you. I'm just looking around.
No, thank you. I've had enough.
No, not how many toys, how many keys?
No, not too much.
No, it's been delayed 45 minutes.
This is a great apartment.
I made Ann my secretary.
Ammonia is a colorless liquid or gas with a very strong smell.
They were treating me so rudely that I suddenly just lost it.
You shouldn't rely too heavily on the weather report.
Don't be so greedy.
I have neglected you so long that I feel a bit shy in visiting you.
Ann is exclusive in her choice of friends.
Anne is the envy of all her friends.
Ann does not lack for friends.
Ann sings elegantly.
Ann sang a lullaby for her little sister.
Ann has achieved her desired goal.
Ann seems to be ill.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
Ann is said to be their leader.
Ann apologized to her teacher for coming to school late.
Ann swam across the river.
Ann is a little girl.
Ann has a kind heart.
Ann likes to write poems.
Anne will not come to our party.
Ann gave me this present.
Ann can't find a job.
Anne is patiently knitting.
Ann was in a hurry this morning.
Ann wrote something on the blackboard.
Ann came downstairs.
Ann must be dreaming a happy dream.
Anne will not accomplish anything.
Ann likes music very much.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
Ann will not come to our party.
Ann was long coming.
Ann gave an account of how she had escaped.
Ann plays tennis very well.
Ann has a weakness for chocolate.
Ann is a cheerleader.
Ann has just finished writing her report.
Ann bent her mind to the work.
Ann finished painting the picture.
Ann was surprised to hear the rumor.
Ann has a little money with her.
I think Ann loves Jack.
I wonder when Anne will come.
Ann always keeps her room clean.
It is said that Anne will get married in June.
Anne lived in terror of being captured by Nazis.
Which book did you pick out to send to Anne?
Be nice to Ann.
I must apologize to Ann.
Ann had no friends to play with.
Ann has no sister.
Anne has many admirers.
I can't abide to see such fellows.
It is unlikely that such a cool headed person got upset.
I cannot abide such people.
I wish I had not bought such a useless thing.
I'm sorry I was so rude.
What am I supposed to say when he puts it so logically?
You shouldn't have flown out like that.
He must be crazy to behave like that.
I don't talk to anyone who's that status-conscious.
Don't take any notice of those rude boys.
Those gloom and doom economists aren't worth their salt.
Getting shy Kyoko to talk at a party is like pulling teeth.
You needn't have helped him with his work.
Lending money to such a fellow is as good as throwing it away.
You're going to fall and sprain your ankle wearing sandals with such huge platforms.
I like the sound of what he says, but it IS just talk, you know.
I can't bear the sight of him.
Don't have anything to do with him. He is completely untrustworthy.
I did wrong in trusting such a fellow.
He should be put in prison.
He would sooner rather die than work for that man.
You are crazy to lend money to him.
Don't go down before such a man.
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl?
I can't hold with such a politician.
That politician put his foot in his mouth when he made those racist comments.
Don't associate with such people.
Don't get involved with those people.
There are few if any such kind men.
No one knows when such a custom first came into existence.
He cannot be a gentleman to say such a rude thing.
He's completely shunned. I'm surprised he's still working here.
He is fortunate having such a good wife.
Such behavior is beneath his dignity.
Never did I see such a fool.
I cannot shed a tear for that horrible man.
It was stupid of me to make such a mistake.
How foolish I was not to discover that simple lie!
You ought not to have kept her waiting on such a cold night.
He'll have an accident one of these days if he keeps driving like that.
I can beat him hands down.
If you trust such a fellow, you'll lose everything you have.
He must be a fool to talk like that.
Anna married without the knowledge of her parents.
I'll bet it gives her a feeling of superiority to be so beautiful.
It's unlike him to get so angry.
You need not have come so early in the morning.
With all her merits she was not proud.
Never have I seen such a big whale.
You must be a good athlete to have run a mile in such a short time.
I can't apply my mind to anything with all that noise!
Can he be ill when he runs around like that?
I've never heard English spoken so quickly.
It is fortunate that we should have met such kind people.
Liking children the way she does Sue should become a teacher.
I had never seen such an exciting baseball game before.
I wish I hadn't seen such a horrible film.
You are fortunate to have such loving parents.
I wish I hadn't spent so much money.
If I tried to wear shoes with heels that high, I'd sprain my ankle.
I wish I had not spent so much money.
Shame on you for getting so flustered. You looked ridiculous.
I'd love to be able to wear a dress like that. But I'll have to lose some weight first.
She was the last person I had expected to see there.
It's quite absurd of you to tell her that sort of thing.
It's the first time that anybody said something like that to me.
It is courageous of you to say such a thing.
You've got to be crazy to do something like that.
After what has happened, I dare not see her again.
You shouldn't have said such a thing to her.
How long are you going to be seeing that loser of a boyfriend?
It's hard to complain against such good people.
The number of errors of fact in Arendt's book are considerably fewer than Abel implies.
It seems Ann and Zachary ran off together.
Andersen was afraid of dogs, too.
I was looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
Andy is never late for a date.
Andy must have practiced very hard.
Andy hung his shirt up in the closet.
Andy is master of French and German.
Oh, and Andy Dillon called...
You've got the wrong station.
What know you of patience?
You came when I was thirty.
You can't be hungry. You had a snack a few minutes ago.
You have a good camera.
If you dress like that at your age, you'll make a fool of yourself.
I am afraid your watch is two minutes slow.
Everybody except the Anderson family is going to the party next Thursday evening.
Why are you with a pig?
What are you lining up for?
Anthony was esteemed by the Egyptians.
The apricot trees are in full blossom.
Angola was once a Portuguese territory.
The questionnaires were distributed at random.
The questionnaire form was distributed properly.
I love Ann all the more because she is shy.
Ann cannot be playing the piano.
Is the rumor that Anne will get married to John true?
Either Ann or Carol is going to take care of the baby.
Huh? What is this? They're not going to use my proposal?
Being a hasty person, he is likely to jump to conclusions.
Being written in great haste, this letter has quite a few mistakes.
Marry in haste, and repent at leisure.
You should grab your bag and hurry home.
It's better to take your time at this job than to hurry and make mistakes.
Hasty marriage seldom succeeds.
What's that?
I have heard nothing from him since then.
Nothing can be worse than that.
I have had a series of misfortunes since then.
Will you introduce me to the young woman talking with Mrs. Allen?
Allen was given a problem that was impossible to solve.
Can I see that one?
Do you have any allergies?
I have allergic rhinitis.
Those are their books.
Whose books are those?
Those are our teachers' cars.
Those are my sister's books.
Those are my books.
Those are my CDs.
Those are our books.
Are those your pictures?
They move from place to place.
Those books are theirs.
Those cats are liked by her.
What do you think of those Japanese writers?
Those mechanics are paid as much as ten thousand yen per hour.
Those photos are hers.
Those houses are 500 years old.
Those flowers smell sweet.
Those houses are big.
Those houses are my uncle's.
The reputation of those musicians is not the best.
Those dark clouds will probably bring rain.
Those apples are big.
Those dogs are big.
His patience was worn out by all these troubles and anxieties.
That is not an orange, either.
The game would not have been called off if it hadn't rained so heavily.
For all the money he has, he is not happy.
For all his wealth, he is not happy.
For all his wealth and fame, he is unhappy.
For all his experience, he had no idea what to do with it.
That's the man who lives next door.
It was so hard, I tell you.
Is that a picture of me?
That is a student whom my father teaches.
That is her house.
That is the temple which they live in.
That is his house.
That is his car.
Those were his actual words.
That is the picture that he painted.
That is the house where he lives.
That is not a horse, but a donkey.
That is such a high mountain as old people can't climb.
Is that a cat or a dog?
That is a pagoda.
That's a farce.
Whose book is that?
Whose car is that?
Whose shoes are those?
I call that some poem.
That is new a shop which opened last week.
One thing led to another.
That is the highest mountain in the world.
That is the fastest train in the world.
That is our school.
That is my sister's camera.
That is the building where my father works.
This is my dog.
That was my mistake.
That is not my pen.
That is my overcoat.
That's our house.
That is the restaurant where we had dinner yesterday.
That is the shop where I used to work.
That is the house where I was born.
That is the same bicycle as I have.
That is the same skirt as I bought yesterday.
That's the boy I saw yesterday.
That was the most interesting novel that I had ever read.
That is the man whom I know well.
That is the girl whom I know well.
That is the girl who waited on me in the shop yesterday.
That is a high building, is it not?
That is an old camera.
That is an old castle.
Isn't that your dictionary?
Those tears are artificial.
They are a good airline to fly with.
Is that a cow or a buffalo?
That was a valuable experience.
That is a leather belt.
That's a problem difficult to solve.
What does that sign say?
What's that bird?
What is the name of that river?
That is not a yellow piece of chalk.
That is a pencil.
Is that the man whose wife was killed in the car accident?
It's Mt. Rushmore.
It is out of fashion.
That can't be Mary. She is in hospital now.
Is that a bus or a car?
Is that a cat?
What a big ship that is!
That is not a tiger.
That is a very complex machine.
It was such a wonderful movie that I saw it five times.
That was not at all an appropriate remark.
That is a table.
That is just what I wanted.
Is that as heavy as this?
That is the boy who came here yesterday.
I bet he is our principal.
It's a pheasant.
That is a lovely doll, isn't it?
That is your book.
That is the bus stop.
Yeah, she must be the sure thing!
There is no more difficult task than that.
Can you tell me how this compares to that?
To teach Alex, Pepperberg used a special form of training.
How many cars does Alex have?
Alex is for the most part just an ordinary bird.
Alex will answer, "Color!"
Alex seemed to learn nouns such as "paper," "key" and "cork," and color names such as "red," "green" and "yellow."
"Five!" says Alex.
Alex would correctly describe the object and color, even if he had never seen that object before.
Alex names objects, like "walnut," "paper" and "corn".
That amount of food will last them for a week.
Ask Alex.
How long did it take you to collect so many coins?
You shouldn't even try making sense of it.
I have taken everything into consideration.
The worried housewife heard the telephone ring and quickly picked up the receiver.
Is that a bat?
That was his nearest approach to a smile.
That is mine.
That is my school.
That is our baseball field.
That is the house where I have lived for a long time.
That must be the city hall.
That is the poet I met in Paris.
That is the main street of this city.
Isn't that the Golden Gate Bridge?
Oh, I didn't know it was that close.
According to one story, the money was round so that it could roll from place to place.
A travel agent arranged everything for our trip.
One evening a man came to my house.
In a way, life is a cruel thing. It holds major problems in store for each one of us.
Just because a certain book does not interest readers does not mean that the fault lies in the book.
I'm working for a trading firm.
I don't think it's easy to form your own opinion on an issue.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
I perceived an object looming through the mist.
You could always hand off some of the work to the junior staff.
A critic once said that if you saw my ballet paintings, you didn't have to go to a live performance.
One night he came home very tired and sad.
One night a merchant was walking up the slope on his way home.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said the following.
One day she met a wolf in the woods.
One day she was spoken to by a stranger.
One day she and I visited an old friend.
One day he set off on a long walk around the town.
One day he went to see the doctor.
One day he was walking along the street.
It was certain that he saw her there on a certain day.
One day I visited an old friend.
One day I was lost in London.
One day I visited my aunt.
One day, Natsume Soseki was lost in London.
One day Mike and Jane went downtown to do some shopping.
One day Byron awoke to find himself famous.
One day, the police raided a whole group of prostitutes, and the girl was among them.
One day a girl came to visit me.
One day an old man went fishing in the river.
One day, she told me that she wanted a pet cat.
One day he helped a weak turtle.
One day he killed himself.
One day I met him.
I visited my uncle in the country one day.
One day I was running with my brother.
One day I found a box there.
One of the children asked one day: "Where do babies come from?"
One day, a black woman, Rosa Parks, was returning home after a hard day's work.
One day, it happened that I passed his house.
One day the men got to his village.
One day, Chris discovered the charming girl of his dreams.
One winter morning I met him.
According to one legend, it gets its name from a priest.
I can trust him to a certain extent.
You are right to a certain extent.
I agree with what you say to some extent.
To some extent I agree with you.
I agree with you to a certain extent.
I trust him to some extent.
In a sense, I can understand his confusion.
You must assimilate into new surroundings.
I agree with you to some extent.
When a currency depreciates, that has an inflationary effect on the economy of the country of the currency.
According to a survey, three in five people today are indifferent to foreign affairs.
I awoke one morning and found myself famous.
I awoke one morning to find myself famous.
One morning he went for a walk.
It happened one morning that she met him on the street.
One morning he saw a pretty girl.
One morning at breakfast we children were informed to our utter dismay that we could no longer be permitted to run absolutely wild.
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
A man was complaining of something in a sharp voice.
If you watch the sun setting on a warm, damp day, you can see the moisture changing the shape of the sun.
A group started a campaign to preserve rain forests.
If you want to know how a certain word is used, look it up in this dictionary.
There lived an old man in a village.
A math teacher says, "With a calculator, the child can reach the right answer, but have no idea at all how he got there."
It is very hard to tell what country a person comes from.
What makes one person more intelligent than another?
Some people seemed to think the good times were going to last forever.
One went fishing, another went shopping.
What makes one person a genius and another person a fool?
One man says this, another that.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
One man was seen digging with his bare hands.
The fact that a man lives on the same street with me does not mean he is my friend.
A man came to see me yesterday.
It is not good manners to laugh at someone when he makes mistakes.
It is not too much to say that a man's interests are a sure guide to the real man.
A certain girl was a prostitute but didn't want her grandma to know.
A woman lost her driver's license while she was shopping the other day at a department store.
A woman was hurt in the accident, and her two daughters were too.
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
A girl phoned me.
A woman was sitting on a stool in a bar.
One hot summer afternoon she decided to take her boyfriend to a farm outside the town.
One hot summer afternoon, John and Dan were cutting the long grass.
They were erected to commemorate a certain event or to tell an ancestral legend.
One weekend all of the hotels in the city were full because there was a large convention.
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.
Certain poisons, properly used, are useful.
Some animals can sense the coming of a storm.
Certain animals are fast disappearing.
Some kinds of birds can't fly.
We can conjecture that it may be advantageous for a particular bird to be known to its neighbors or its mate.
Some kinds of food make one thirsty.
The prices of certain foods vary from week to week.
Some plants cannot adapt themselves to the cold.
That kind of behavior is characteristic of the boy.
In one letter he remarks, "Life is but a dream".
What is right in one society can be wrong in another.
I got hurt during an experiment, and the injury was pretty serious.
There have always been fashionable faces and expressions which marked an epoch.
The museums are full of objects which the most cultivated taste of a period considered beautiful, but which seem to us now worthless.
The best way to know what a country is like is to go and see it with your own eyes.
If you are to know a nation, you must learn its history.
When I first visit a country, I always try to share a meal with the people there.
The manners and customs of a country reflect its culture.
As soon as one airline announced its plan for airfare reductions, the rest of the companies followed suit.
An idea came to me.
A certain door-to-door salesman made a fool of a trusting old lady and went off with a lot of her money.
There lived a king in an old castle.
A study reports that 53,000 Americans die each year as a result of secondhand smoke.
According to a study, big women are more prone to have twins.
A study shows lung cancer accounts for 17% of women's cancer deaths.
One professor says that even if Alex is using words, it's wrong to call it a language.
A generous man contributed some two billion yen to charity.
A strange idea sprang up in my mind.
I'm going to see some student.
A scholar made an excellent speech about human rights.
A foreigner asked me where the station was.
One Tuesday I stayed home because I had an appointment with the dentist later in the morning.
A song says a girl's mind is variable.
The movie director was enchanted by Kate at first sight.
One rainy morning I woke up to find myself famous.
One rainy evening he was driving a car.
In a sense what he says is true.
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
In a way you are right, but I still have doubts.
In a sense, it is true.
Polite language, in a sense, spoils a casual atmosphere.
In a sense, life is only a dream.
In a way, what your friend has said is true.
In a sense, you are wrong.
In a sense, such a political movement may be called a revolution.
In a sense, you are right.
In a way, you're wrong.
In a sense, life is but a dream.
In a way, Susie seems like my mother.
It was said that a great poet had resided here.
If you turn a blind eye to something, you ignore it.
I like Alpine skiing better than Nordic skiing.
You have to be outside something, able to experience it from a distance, before it makes sense.
Alfred was made captain of the team.
The Alps are in the center of Europe.
The scenery of the Alps left a lasting impression on me.
Say the alphabet backwards.
Write the alphabet in capitals.
How many letters are there in the alphabet?
The alphabet consists of 26 letters.
'A' comes before 'B' in the alphabet.
In the alphabet, B comes after A.
Will you show me your photo album?
An alpaca looks like a horse and a camel.
Today is my second day of my side job.
I'll have to find a part-time job.
Working part-time, I found that some customers were polite, whereas others were not.
I have no job, so I can never save money.
I think a part-time job is a good experience.
I made a lot of money on the side.
Albert is quick at learning.
Albert is the last person to break a promise.
Albert is engaged in foreign trade and often goes abroad.
Albert, I hope you'll stand by me if I get in trouble.
The amount of time someone is willing to spend on something may communicate how important it is to him.
Don't drink any alcohol.
Do you have any non-alcoholic drinks?
An alcoholic tends not to die happily.
Do you have anything non-alcoholic?
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
He was under the influence of alcohol when he crashed his car.
Alcohol has done great mischief to his body.
Alcohol is beginning to tell on his speech.
Does ALC's web site include an archive of English expressions?
Life as it is is very uninteresting to him.
Perhaps that's true.
Try to see things as they are.
There is a curious story about an Englishman.
One American scientist, William Keeton, used a very interesting experiment to solve this mystery.
One sunny day in April, I went out for a walk.
A 19-year-old Canadian broke the world record last month for a nonstop, round-trip swim across the English Channel.
All the money is lost.
There is one, but it's a little far.
This is just another day.
We often hear it said that ants are social animals.
Ants work away during summer.
The alibi points to her innocence.
Don't think little of the ants' lives.
Sysko works like an ant.
It is difficult to tell the bare facts.
Ants have a well-organized society.
I spent all the savings I had on this.
I gave her all the money I had.
Alice has a flower on her head.
Alice slid down the long slide.
Alice hung her head in shame.
Alice rushed into her room.
Alice wasn't listening to her sister.
Alice was frightened of her strict mother.
Alice wears a sweet perfume.
Alice wasn't present at the meeting, was she?
Alice felt something hard melt in her heart.
Alice smiled.
Alice may possibly come.
Alice returned home early from work with a severe headache.
Alice didn't see the dog.
It seems that Alice is very pleased with the suit.
Alice has had a cold since last Sunday.
Alice went to bed at ten.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
Alice might have been there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
The green color becomes Alice.
It was to the concert that Alice went yesterday.
I think it strange that Alice should keep silence for such a long time.
John broke in as Alice was speaking.
It was yesterday that Alice went to a concert.
Ants are swarming around the sugar.
We shot our wad.
Thank you, brothers.
Thanks, but no thanks.
You might at least say "thank you."
We'll do our best, thank you.
Thank you. I used to play tennis in high school.
Thanks. Maybe we'll come back.
Thanks. When you get off work, we'll go to my place for another.
Thanks, Yukina.
Thank you, I've had enough.
I'm fine, too, thank you.
I appreciate it, but I think I shouldn't.
I have more than enough time.
Nobody likes to be found fault with.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Alan Tate and I looked at one another for a while.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
Every insult was put on him.
All inventions grow out of necessity.
Research revealed that the same high truancy levels were to be found in every inner city district.
We are surprised to see how every creature lives.
All the truth is not to be told at all time.
People in every walk of life go to church.
Jack of all trades is master of none.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my wallet.
People everywhere yearn for public leaders dedicated to world peace.
All sorts of people came to the exhibition.
Every situation requires individual analysis.
Taking all things into consideration, his conduct can be excused.
Everything concurred to make him happy.
All things considered, he is a good teacher.
Taking everything into consideration, the result is better than I expected.
Every child objects to being treated like a baby.
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities.
The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or a woman.
Every cause produces more than one effect.
Regard all art critics as useless and dangerous.
You must avail yourself of every opportunity.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity.
Every opportunity is used, and you should do English practice.
Try to make the most of every opportunity.
We tried all means possible.
All possible means have been tried.
There is a limit to everything.
I have looked everywhere, but I can not find my wallet.
All things taken into consideration, my father's life was a happy one.
All things considered, he led a happy life.
I think everything is going well.
The most important feature of all games is that they are governed by rules.
Yecch. This rice cracker is soggy.
I can't read Arabic script.
The Arabic script was replaced by the Roman alphabet.
Arabic is a very important language.
Arabic is written from right to left.
Arabia abounds in oil.
They keep lambs for meat in Arabia.
A new difficulty presented itself.
In Alaska you can see natural phenomena like the aurora, right?
The storm blew for two days.
The storm abated.
The oak tree remained standing after the storm.
The storm laid the village flat.
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I have the wrong number.
You should have telephoned in advance.
We ought to have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
Let's get things ready beforehand.
Please let me know the schedule beforehand.
Oh, no! I forgot to punch in again!
Oh dear! I'm short of money.
Oh, just the usual stuff.
Oh, I can hear you clearly.
Wow, you're dressed to kill.
Oh, please call me Angela.
Oh your daughter Haru-chan is very cheerful.
She fumbled with a piece of paper.
Aya tends to carry things to extremes.
Aya likes intense colors, such as hot pink, electric blue and deep purple.
I nearly made a mistake.
Aya has good reason to speak perfect German.
In American culture, speech is golden.
The President of the U.S. paid a formal visit to China.
The American Ambassador was invited to the gathering.
A lot of people were out of work during the Great Depression in America.
He was the last person I had expected to see during my stay in America.
The ancestors of Native Americans went to the continent from Asia by way of the Bering Strait.
Born in America, Taro speaks good English.
The American Government declared a state of emergency.
Two traits of Americans are generosity and energy.
Americans pay both federal taxes and state taxes.
The Americans are a democratic people.
Americans have the right to bear arms.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
Americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy.
Americans are very friendly people.
Many Americans like fast cars.
The Americans are an aggressive people.
Americans spend most of their lives working, being productive.
Americans spend much of their free time at home.
Americans are frank enough to say what they think.
Americans on the whole are a talkative people.
What are Americans overlooking?
Americans, in general, don't like to dress up.
Americans admire Lincoln for his honesty.
Americans called frankfurters "dachshund sausages."
Americans participate in most sports.
I hear that Americans spell it l-a-b-o-r.
The Americans had nothing to do with the matter.
With an American father and a French mother, she is bilingual.
Some Americans have grave debts.
As is often the case with Americans, he does not care for raw fish.
To Americans, a Japanese baby seems to have no privacy.
How would you know an American from an Englishman?
He doesn't seem to be an American.
I, as an American, admire Lincoln.
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
Americans accumulated their trade deficits by living far beyond their means.
If the Americans had had less influence on affairs, war might well have been avoided.
The Americans don't accept Fascism any more than they do Communism.
A girl from America is in our class.
The first immigrants in American history came from England and the Netherlands.
We met in the American history class.
The USA is a good market for Japanese products.
The United States is a large country.
The United States is a republic.
The United States seems to have got caught up in the troubles between the three nations in Asia.
The USA is composed of 50 states.
My fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.
The economic strength of the USA is not what it was.
There are fifty states in the United States.
He went to Europe by way of America.
The U.S. economy is the largest in the world.
The U.S. economy is in good health.
The American economy is in solid shape.
The U.S. economy shrugged off the '87 Crash.
CEO's of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
You shall not use this form while speaking American English.
I prefer French films to American ones.
American films are more popular than those of any other country.
I'm crazy about American football.
In American football the defense has a specific job.
Do you accept AMEX?
You can fly across America in about five hours.
I have no time to go to America.
Are we losing a day on the way to America?
If you are going to America, brush up your English.
If you are to go to America, you had better learn English conversation.
You might as well stay at home as go to America.
Do you have any special reason why you want to go to America?
A trip to America this summer is out of the question.
A trip to America is out of the question.
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.
The voyage to America used to take many weeks.
America is a country on the move.
America did away with slavery.
America is second to none in natural resources.
America abounds in oil.
The U.S. is calling for an arms embargo against violators of the treaty.
Americans eat lots of wheat, rye and other grains.
America is proud of being a free country.
America will solve her problems for herself.
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
The USA will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort.
America is a large country and its people are mobile.
America is ahead in space technology.
America is a land of immigrants.
America is a country of immigrants.
The U.S. is deep in the red.
America is very large.
America is often referred to as a melting pot.
The U.S. is a service economy.
The United States borders Canada.
When did America become independent of England?
What's your impression of the United States?
America did away with slavery in 1863.
He said that America declared its independence in 1776.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
The U.S. thinks it is getting the short end of the stick.
Let's look back on the history of the United States.
In the early days of American history, blacks lived in slavery.
American parents are willing to say good things about their children in public.
In the justice system of the United States, there are twelve people on a jury.
While American methods are often successful, the Japanese educational system that produces the most literate people in the world surely has some lessons to teach the U.S.
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.
The American culture had been transplanted from Europe.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
The urban population of America is increasing.
The typical middle-class American baby comes home from the hospital to sleep in his own bed in his own room.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
There is no end in sight to the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
America's foreign debt shot past $500 billion.
The natives of the North-West Pacific Coast of America were probably descendants of tribes from Asia.
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.
I was getting used to living in America.
American politics are interesting to watch, especially during a presidential election.
Is American food popular here in Japan?
Slaves are brought to the American colonies.
Compared with those in America, Japanese marriages rarely end in divorce.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
U.S. revisionists take a hard-line approach to Japanese relations.
What is the capital of the United States?
American children grow up hearing those words.
I don't think I can cut in working in America.
American industry makes various attempts to find and encourage brilliant students from abroad.
Black people in America once said, "Give us freedom".
The American people elected Mr. Clinton President.
Many American high-school students do not know that the Civil War took place between 1861 and 1865.
The American police are in blue uniforms.
U.S. companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy.
American students are falling behind in math.
Many American students work their way through the university.
Athletic boys are popular with girls in American schools.
I've made up my mind to work for a company in the States.
American songs were on the air.
The American home does away with most housework by using machines.
It was dark in the American house.
How does America impress you?
I saw an American musical.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker's dozen" is 13, not 12.
American news stories always refer to "The Japanese" no matter who is being talked about.
American senior citizens are comparatively well-off.
If you decide to come to America, please let me know as soon as possible.
I wonder what has become of him after he went to America.
You have to cross the ocean to get to America.
He told me he was going to America.
There are many races in the United States.
America has an elaborate system of constitutional checks and balances.
Several races live together in America.
There are fifty states in America.
Laws to prevent computer crimes were enacted in the USA.
I had many problems during my visit to the U.S., but overall, I had a good time.
It would have been better if you had stayed in America.
I want to stay in America for a few years.
In America, rice can be bought for a fifth of what it costs in Japan.
The joint-venture between the American and Japanese companies fell through.
I'm looking forward to touring bookstores in the US.
In America cars drive on the right side of the road.
What is the most popular sport in America?
In America, scores of free agents switch teams every year.
In the U.S., it is common to give a present, such as glasses or a coffee-maker, to the bride at weddings.
In the U.S., part of the application process to universities usually includes an essay on "Why I want to go to university."
Many couples in America both work to make ends meet.
In America, many people have fences around their homes.
In the U.S., freedom of religion is one of the guarantees of the Bill of Rights.
In the United States it is popular for girls to learn to skip rope.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
In the U.S., you usually have to show identification in order to buy alcohol.
In the United States the automobile is a necessity and not a luxury.
There are still some dry states in the U.S.
They speak English in America.
In the U.S. I was often taken to be Chinese.
Bean sprouts are eaten as a salad in America.
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.
No sport is as popular as football in America.
There are a great many forest fires in America.
Where are you going to stay in the States?
In American money, a "quarter" is 25 cents; 4 quarters make a dollar.
In America elderly people are not given the same degree of respect they receive in many other countries.
In the U.S., there are more prisoners than there is jail space for them. So the prisons are overcrowded.
While some private and church schools in America have uniforms, they are not common.
In America, my schedule is different and unique nearly every day.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
In the United States, 20 million new jobs have been created during the past two decades, most of them in the service sector.
In the U.S., you have the option, when you enter a restaurant, to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section.
What's your business in the States?
Every town in America has a library.
There are roads and freeways wherever you go in America.
Why do you think soccer isn't popular in the US?
Have you made much progress in English in America?
A student from America lives near my house.
I will have graduated from college by the time you come back from America.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as I return from America.
We have received many orders from the U.S.
I understand you're visiting from America.
We captured cicadas with a net.
Don't get your dander up, but I have bad news to tell you.
Don't depend on your parents too much.
It wasn't a very interesting novel.
I hope this will not inconvenience you too much.
Don't work yourself too hard.
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
Don't take things so seriously.
Don't take things too seriously.
Don't blow your own horn too much.
Don't put much confidence in him.
I don't see much of him.
I hope we don't have to wait for too long.
I had not waited long before he came.
You don't look very well. You had better not go to work today.
I am hoarse from yelling so much.
A child is spoiled by too much attention.
I was surprised because it was very big.
I had not waited long before he appeared.
He got so stout that his collar did not meet.
Don't expect too much.
Don't be too dependent on others.
I experience nausea when I go on too many rides.
Don't rely too much on others.
Please don't walk too fast.
Don't lean too much on others.
Don't depend on other people too much.
Don't be so serious. It's only a game.
I don't read newspapers much.
Don't worry too much, or you'll go bald.
Be sure not to eat too much.
It is too hot to work.
I didn't care about going out.
It is dangerous to drink too much.
I do not have much time.
I don't have much time. Could you hurry?
I don't have much time.
Don't be discouraged because you are not very talented.
If you push yourself too hard, you'll make yourself ill.
I would like a less expensive double room.
Many a mother spoils her sons by not being strict enough.
You don't look so hot.
Not too well.
Don't press your luck, kid.
There is not much hope.
Don't get your hopes up too much.
It seems that you are not having a good time here.
I had not gone far before I met him.
We had not gone far before we were caught in a shower.
I had not gone very far when I was caught in a shower.
It's too dark to play baseball now.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
It's too dark to play tennis now.
I feel tense and agitated when I have too much work to do.
She was not a very good pianist.
Such was her fright that she closed her eyes.
It was so hot that we couldn't walk for long.
Because I was too busy.
It's is so difficult that I have decided to give up trying.
If he is corrected too much, he will stop talking.
His muscles ached from sitting too long in one position.
I was worn out because I had to take care of so many children.
I can't quarrel with my sister because she's too kind.
She shut her eyes because the light was so strong.
Written too quickly, the letter had many mistakes.
It's too cold to go to the sea yet.
So friendly was his letter that she was deeply moved and began to cry.
If there are too many irons in the fire in too short a time, good strategy cannot result.
There was so much noise that the speaker couldn't make himself heard.
It rained so hard that the shrine was washed away.
So much has happened. It's as if the whole world is flipped upside down.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
Being too nervous to reply, he stared at the floor.
When you rely on the team too much, it may reduce your individual competitive instincts.
He is apt to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
Don't boast too much about that.
Holding an eel too fast is the way to let her escape.
Only if it's not too much trouble.
I was wondering if you could give me a lift, if it isn't too much trouble.
You shouldn't eat too much candy.
Don't make the perm too strong, please.
Don't spend too much money.
As I do not have enough money, I will have to do without a new coat this winter.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.
There are so-called primitive cultures in the jungles of the Amazon and on the island of New Guinea, and there are so-called advanced cultures in Europe, Asia, and Africa, but the languages of these cultures are all equally advanced and complex.
I asked for an appointment, but he wouldn't spare me the time.
The Apollo program greatly advanced our knowledge of space.
A report came in that Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon.
The sun was shining in all its splendid beauty.
It isn't surprising that Africans may think of English as one of their continent's languages.
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland is not.
Africa is exporting beef to Europe.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
Refugees in Africa are seeking help.
My heart aches for the starving children in Africa.
Have you ever been to Africa?
Africa has a lot of nature.
Those who are suffering from hunger in Africa need urgent help.
My year in Africa was a very educational experience in many ways.
Many people in Africa were killed as a result of the storm.
A lot of people in Africa go hungry.
Many children die of starvation in Africa.
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a month.
Abraham Lincoln's father was a carpenter by trade.
I don't want to go out on a limb.
They're some developers who aim to make a fast buck!
Ducks were swimming about on the pond.
It looks like a duck.
What's a loon?
Can you tell a duck from a goose?
Did you rent an apartment?
We soon agreed on a rent for the apartment.
You don't have to pay for an apartment in advance.
How much rent do you pay for the apartment?
The flat is on fire.
What have you done with that wristwatch?
The talented young chess player is very bold. He deliberately lays himself open to attack, makes himself vulnerable and then checkmates his opponent when least expected.
That story can be true.
The story was a two-faced lie that she told you to make you angry with me.
That story is too incredible to be true.
That way of speaking is peculiar to people in this part of the country.
That old man must be off his rock.
Who is that old woman?
That old man is a fussy eater.
The old man had been making white lightning for 50 years.
The old men like to meet on the street corner just to shoot the bull.
They got the sack for being careless and tardy.
You must steer clear of that gang.
The hotel has a homey atmosphere.
How did you come by that fine gold watch?
Look at that shooting star.
How can I get rid of all those fallen leaves?
Those officials don't understand finance at all.
I am going to get that sucker.
I only asked her what she paid for that dull-looking dress and she flew off the handle at me.
How did you deal with the matter?
There were a lot of twists and turns to the story, but we finally solved the problem.
That problem has really got me.
I'll bet that I can beat you to the tree.
That tree is not so tall as this.
Some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree.
The young woman under that tree looks sad.
Let's sit down in the shade of that tree.
Look at the top of that tree.
Who was that troublesome man?
I wonder what happened to that lost child.
What do those lights signify?
She knows she's looking fine.
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
She isn't so against the idea.
Somebody should tell off that rude man.
I can't abide that rude man.
That inn is 5,000 yen a night, meals excluded.
That translation is said to be true to the original.
I found the book at that bookstore by chance.
Give that book back to me.
I'll keep that book for myself.
Put that book aside for me.
That book is worth reading.
Whose is that book?
That book is a new book.
That book is of no use.
I have read that book several times.
What did you do with those books?
The readers of that book think themselves sophisticated.
Cows abound on that farm.
I am very pleased to meet them.
She's our teacher.
It is regrettable that she should have died so young.
Are you the writer of that report?
That room is not very large.
It is dark in that room.
There are plenty of guests in the room.
You may smoke in that room, but you mustn't smoke in this room.
That lady is haughty to a great degree.
How many maids does that lady want to employ?
That lady appears rich.
The lady is forty years old at most.
That woman stays young.
They are not a well-matched couple.
He and his wife both work and his salary is lower than hers, so no wonder he is a hen-pecked husband.
You need an appointment for that hospital.
They say there's a Picasso and three Renoirs in that museum.
Look at that lovely house of Mary's.
The beautiful scene comes to my mind.
How huge that airship is!
That plane is so ugly.
That airplane was not able to depart at the regular time.
That plane will take off at five.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
Look at that flying bird.
That tragedy was etched in my mind.
That picture does not do justice to him.
That man who committed that crime was out of his mind.
That box is made of wood.
That box is too small to hold all these things.
That box is bigger than this one.
That white building is a hospital.
Why not try some of that white wine?
The white building was destroyed by the earthquake.
What's that tall man playing?
That tall man is Mr Smith.
That tall boy saved the drowning child.
That actor is both handsome and skillful.
I can't stand that silly woman.
How fast that horse runs!
That horse may be a good bet.
Look at the cat.
Look at that cat. It is Mr Brown's.
That cat has beautiful fur.
You know times have changed when rivals like Hitachi and NEC get together.
She was the last person I expected to meet that day.
It was a full moon that was seen that day.
It is because the physical condition was bad that it returned that day.
There was a strong wind that day.
That day I ate lunch there.
Those two are exactly alike.
It looks like they have made up again.
They are too close.
They seem to be in love with each other.
Those two boys share the same dormitory room.
Those two runners were head to head right up till the finals in the Olympics.
Are those two going out?
That hard working boy is bound to succeed.
I was badly in need of his help at that time.
Somehow the pitcher always proves a tough customer to me.
Seen from a plane, that island is very beautiful.
That island has a tropical climate.
That island is American territory.
How high is that tower?
The clock on that tower is accurate.
That party is always pandering to the middle class.
If you touch that wire, you'll get a shock.
They deal in rice at that store.
That store sells a lot of imported goods.
That's a cheap store.
That store sells men's wear.
That store sells a wide range of goods.
That shop is a hamburger shop.
That store gives good service.
Have you tried that store?
That store employs eight clerks.
Does that store keep textile goods?
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
A beautiful salesgirl waited on me in the shop.
I came across him in that store.
They sell imports at that store.
They sell good foods at that shop.
They sell meat at that store.
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
They mark down goods at that shop.
They sell sugar and salt at that store.
The store is having a sale on summer goods.
They sell shoes at that store.
They deal in fruit and vegetables at that store.
That store sells many things besides furniture.
There is nothing to be had at that store.
That store no longer sells cosmetics.
Do they sell bread at that store?
They serve a very good dinner at that restaurant.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
They sell various kinds of goods at that store.
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
I had my camera repaired at that shop.
They short-changed me at that store.
There are some nice apples on sale in that shop.
I wonder if that restaurant accepts unfamiliar customers.
Change buses at that stop.
That interpreter is a master of five languages.
That bird is now in danger of dying out.
That long-haired youth is rude.
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
Is that long chimney broken?
There is a telephone booth at the corner of the street.
Do those insects sting?
That building whose roof is brown is a church.
That brown one is mine, too.
Keep away from that pond, please.
When the earthquake occurred, I happened to be watching TV.
That landslide produced a lot of misery.
Don't go into that area.
He came on board this company with a lot of fanfare and he turns out to have the skill and talent to live up to it.
Who is that man?
You might as well reason with the wolf as try to persuade that man.
You shouldn't trust the man.
I outwitted him.
Keep watch on that man.
She said that the mere sight of him made her sick.
That man was reduced to begging for money.
He is done for.
He is capable of treachery.
He has an unpleasant look in his eyes.
That man is Perry Mason, the lawyer.
That man is an egotist through and through.
We believe he will succeed, for he has talent.
The man answers to the description in the newspaper.
That man knows how to get on the president's good side.
That man can not so much as write his name.
That man is, so to speak, a grown-up boy.
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.
He often uses the slightest thing as a pretext for a fight with anybody.
He is too ready to speak.
The man is apparently deceiving us.
That man sometimes talks nonsense.
That guy is walking pigeon-toed.
That man is a person who borrows money from many lenders.
Shut that boy up.
That boy takes after his father.
Who is that boy?
He is a most clever boy.
I can't make out what the man is saying.
Don't listen to the man.
The lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher.
It is no use asking a favor of that man.
What he lacks is courage.
Watch out for that man.
I like that man all the better for his faults.
I cannot abide him.
I do not put my complete confidence in him.
He is not the only pebble on the beach.
Although I was angry at the man for his rudeness, I held my tongue.
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.
Was that word appropriate in that situation?
We cannot tell how much that great statesman has done for his country.
The tycoon endowed each son with a million dollars.
That university was my first choice.
That university conducts its entrance examinations using a computer scored answer sheet.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
I can't put up with that loud noise.
Look at the monkey on that bough.
Look at that big dog.
Look at that big hammer.
That big one is also mine.
That typhoon prevented me from going out.
I have to tell him off for his bad attitude.
I can not stand that noise.
I can't abide that noise.
I can't endure that noise a moment longer.
Would you be so kind as to shut that window?
Look at that boy running.
Don't use the desk by that window.
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
The contestant made two false starts.
That ship goes abroad from this port.
He was living in England when the war broke out.
I often go fishing in the river.
That river is dangerous to swim in.
I think it's dangerous to swim in that river.
The executive director is a real pushover for looks.
The teacher handles his pupils well.
That fortune-teller is no better than a liar.
That Prof.'s talk is driving me up the wall.
His lectures are terribly boring.
You may ask a question of that teacher.
That teacher tends to be partial to female students.
For him a doctor to get lung cancer from smoking - it's a typical case of 'Do as I say not as I do.'
It is a pity that the teacher is leaving our school.
We all agree in liking the teacher.
Look at that mountain which is covered with snow.
That baby has charming eyes.
That baby is fat and healthy.
