I want to kill someone.
I want to kill somebody.
You got skills?
He didn't want to antagonize her.
We are in two.
But I don't want to escape, I want to see Italy.
The cat is black.
The food is very bad.
I think that cultural exchanges are important.
Trans fats are bad for your health.
I am nothing. I shall never be anything. I cannot wish to be anything. Aside from that, I have within me all the dreams of the world.
Belief in miracles is popular.
You can't teach a crab how to walk straight.
From their enemies, wise men learn many things.
Children should always mix their wine, with at least two-thirds water.
While laughing is allowed, it is most dishonest to laugh out loud or to extend one's laughter beyond the limits of a just moderation; the Holy Ghost teaches us that it is the character of a madman to raise one's voice while laughing.
Singing is an honest and pleasurable entertainment, but one must be careful to avoid singing or taking pleasure in listening to lewd songs.
He who wishes to ride far spares his horse.
I love you as a person and I hate your error.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request.
EPO can be used as a blood doping agent.
Pierrot is crazy.
Here's where the fun really begins.
Here's where the fun begins.
You can't fight City Hall.
We will meet again someday.
That should buy us some time.
Give me a little more time.
I'm on my way out.
She can handle it.
She is a virtuous woman.
Could you write this sentence again? It's not clear.
What did you mean by this sentence?
Please repeat the last three words.
I've been waiting for this moment.
On what basis did the police arrest him?
This has no relevance to my background.
I'm going to enjoy this.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
He painted a dog.
Fight like a man!
Sometimes I forget to breathe.
You guys get the best shots.
My cat is wet.
There is no escape.
I can't shake him.
We've only got one chance.
We did it!
It's over.
You got it.
What have you done?
You blockhead!
Open fire!
It's finally over.
We have to get away from here.
We're still far away. I'll never make it.
I can't believe this.
I'm so hungry.
He was my friend.
Her child was snatched away from her.
It is our destiny.
It's our destiny.
Let's see what you're made of.
We're not done yet!
Have you found the umbrella you said you had lost the other day?
Did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
This is the person I talked about the other day.
I can't go back.
This is the person I spoke about the other day.
Tom is the type of person who always demands that something be done rather than request that it be done.
Tom is the type of person who likes to complain.
Tom is the type of person who always has to have his own way.
Tom is the type of person who goes out of his way to help other people.
Tom is the type of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom seems to enjoy provoking arguments.
Tom seems to enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom seems to enjoy being outdoors.
We've got him by the balls.
I want to be better.
The Romans built a fleet of three hundred ships.
Marcus was neither heard to confess nor able to deny.
The brother wrote a letter to the sister.
Wine is the milk of old men.
The sheep in the field are eating grass.
He's a teetotaller.
If there be fear, it would cause failure.
I can see what you mean.
I've decided to cut back on eating in restaurants to only once a week in order to save some money.
I feel so good!
Energy will go wherever we direct it.
Do not punish those without crime.
I'm sick and tired of reading.
Maybe they are happy.
There is no water in the well.
What a beautiful day!
They are seeking a solution.
Claudius, seeing a mighty man before him, saw things looked serious and understood that here he had not quite the same pre-eminence as at Rome, where no one was his equal.
In a sexual relationship cheating on someone is if the person has sex with someone else.
In a purely romantic relationship cheating would just be like having a boyfriend who considers himself in love with another girl and he goes and sees her and kisses her and cuddles with her and tells her he loves her.
Isn't there a much better and shorter way of saying the same thing?
This is called aesthetic attraction because it is thought to be similar to other aesthetic desires, such as the desire to keep listening to a good song or to keep looking at a beautiful sunset.
Opinions are not facts.
This is the watch that I'd lost.
Tom thinks that Mary wears too much makeup.
I used to watch this anime a lot when I was a kid, but I can't quite remember what happened to the hero in the final episode.
Tom said that he'd never seen anything like this before.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want to hear any more talk about aliens.
Tom took his place at the table.
Tom took his place at head of the table.
Tom sat down at the table.
We'd better hurry. I don't want to be late for the concert.
Tourists on the French Riviera are being robbed by thieves who gas them as they sleep.
How many died?
See you tomorrow!
I'm not an idiot.
I don't know what to say...
They are not coming today.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
This picture reminds me of when I was a student.
Tom has written hundreds of songs.
Tom hasn't taken a bath since three weeks ago.
Tom hasn't been his usual self lately.
Tom hasn't slept at all since the day before yesterday.
Tom hates going to school.
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant. What can I do?
I'd like to introduce to you the gentleman I told you about the other day.
If you want to succeed, you should work hard.
Tom hates to work late on Friday.
Tom hates it when it's hot.
Tom hates it when it's cold.
Tom hates it when it's snowing.
Tom hates driving when it's foggy.
Tom doesn't like people who manipulate others.
Tom doesn't like speaking in public.
Tom hated to bother Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Mary is Tom's oldest child from his third marriage.
All things considered, my father's life was a happy one.
Considering everything, my father's life was a happy one.
How many people died?
How many people do you think die from cancer every year?
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
I wonder how many horses died during the Civil War.
Do you have any idea how many people died when the Titanic sunk?
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
Tom has 20/20 vision.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
It doesn't matter to me whether or not I make money doing this.
It's been a long time since I last spoke French.
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.
It's been a long time since I've heard Tom play his baritone sax.
It's been a long time since I've seen any dragonflies in this area.
It's been a long time since I've seen you smile.
It's been a long time since I've worn a tie.
It's been a long time since I've written anything.
Tom managed to cut himself while trying to open a bag of peanuts with his pocketknife.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the movies.
There is no reason why in a society which has reached the general level of wealth which ours has attained the first kind of security should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom. (...) there can be no doubt that some minimum of food, shelter and clothing, sufficient to preserve health and the capacity to work, can be assured to everybody.
I can't find him anywhere.
That thought was momentary.
In the year 1847, they declared their own independence.
There are a lot of people in the park.
There are too many people in the park.
I am not curious.
I am 4 years younger than him.
Nice costume.
His English is perfect.
Her English is perfect.
Its English version is perfect.
That is not my fault.
He's pushing fifty.
His squeaky-clean image will probably get him elected.
My son tripped and cut his forehead on the corner of the coffee table.
Any song sung in French puts me in a sexy mood.
That was awesome.
Something wrong with that?
I'll introduce you to the team.
I just wanted you to accept me.
What are you here for?
We're smarter than that.
I'll always love you.
They're walking without shoes.
Why are you mad?
Nickel is a hard, bright silver metal.
He's not my father.
He's my father.
He's your father.
His new wife is about my age.
I lied to my boyfriend about my age.
I lied to my girlfriend about my age.
Men are pigs.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Men and women need each other.
Dumbass!
I'll fill you in later.
You're amazing.
Times have changed.
You saved my ass.
I never thought it would be so easy.
We are free!
Tom is very popular.
She's completely blasé about the dangers of smoking.
Someone saved my life.
This isn't normal.
This ain't normal.
Check this out.
The product is vacuum-sealed to keep it fresh.
There's no time to waste.
She went stark raving mad after learning of her brother's suicide.
My father was a tree.
The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed.
You people are amazing.
This is a priceless treasure to mankind.
The president is fully aware of the situation.
Contact her if you have any questions.
Contact my assistant if you have any questions.
School is fantastic!
They feel closer than brothers.
They were acting strangely.
I don't know his real name.
I don't know her real name.
Here's a photo of her.
I can see it in your eyes.
What's that supposed to be, some kind of sick joke?
You think this is all some kind of joke?
I slept with my wife before we were married. Did you?
I have two conditions.
Jim is a musher.
Joaquín is from Argentina. He is Argentinian.
Catalina is from Argentina. She is Argentinian.
Adolfo is from Bolivia. He is Bolivian.
I'm ready to go.
Concepción is from Bolivia. She is Bolivian.
You better hide somewhere.
Guilherme is from Brazil. He is Brazilian.
Laura is from Brazil. She is Brazilian.
Vicente is from Chile. He is Chilean.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Florencia is from Chile. She is Chilean.
Diego is from Colombia. He is Colombian.
Alejandra is from Colombia. She is Colombian.
Alberto is from Costa Rica. He is Costa Rican.
Adriana is from Costa Rica. She is Costa Rican.
Eduardo is from Ecuador. He is Ecuadorian.
Elena is from Ecuador. She is Ecuadorian.
Marcus is from Nicaragua. He is Nicaraguan.
Gabriela is from Nicaragua. She is Nicaraguan.
Juan is from Paraguay. He is Paraguayan.
Ana is from Paraguay. She is Paraguayan.
Hector is from Peru. He is Peruvian.
I thought I might be of some use.
Irene is from Peru. She is Peruvian.
Matías is from Uruguay. He is Uruguayan.
Irene is from the Gulf of Mexico. She is a hurricane.
Camila is from Uruguay. She is Uruguayan.
Álvaro is from Venezuela. He is Venezuelan.
Try to find it.
Marta is from Venezuela. She is Venezuelan.
You are abusing your authority.
This is bad.
We don't have time to debate.
I'm here to save you.
You're pretty good.
You're a funny man.
You're a funny guy.
You're a funny girl.
You're a funny gal.
Sorry, I forgot.
You go on without me.
I don't need a lecture.
You look just like him.
This sounds fishy.
Is he still alive?
We'll talk about it later.
I'll be a good girl.
I changed my mind.
See you there.
To whom it may concern:
Did you just realize that?
You shall not pass.
I will not let you pass.
You may not pass, sir.
We're working on a limited budget.
Why didn't you tell us about this sooner?
Why didn't you tell me about this sooner?
I twisted my ankle.
We naturally take pride in the old temples of our country.
I'm such a fool.
That's enough crying. Pull yourself together.
Are you hurt?
Down with it! It's really shameful.
Summer has just begun.
One has to put on a helmet to protect the head.
Don't do it!
There's nowhere to hide.
If I think about an old lady from Osaka, the image of someone wearing clothes with an animal pattern comes to mind.
Right now, I'm not using Mixi at all. I just play games on it sometimes.
Even though I decided to hang the laundry outside because the sun was shining, just as I was hanging them, it started to rain.
Some people see a conspiracy behind almost everything.
My grandpa is good at shogi. His level is fourth dan, amateur.
Sometimes it's better to just not say anything.
That damn Kenji, because he was cheating on me with another woman, I slapped him as hard as I could. I've already broken up with him.
My dad keeps on telling bad jokes like: "Are you tired of going to Akita?".
My dad keeps on telling bad jokes like: "Are you fed up of going to Fedup's?".
I'm getting a bad feeling.
I go to cabarets two times a week, but I have no interest in after-hours.
Why did you put the chicken in such a difficult place to get when you knew that I wanted to use it right away?
My wife is from Algeria. She is Algerian.
My husband is from Angola. He is Angolan.
My mother is from Benin. She is Beninese.
My father is from South Africa. He is South African.
My cousin is from Egypt. He is Egyptian.
My nephew is from Ethiopia. He is Ethiopian.
My niece is from Libya. She is Libyan.
My uncle is from Madagascar. He is Madagascan.
My aunt is from Somalia. She is Somalian.
It's not easy to speak a foreign language.
Oranges have a lot of vitamin C.
"This used to be such a friendly place." "Tell me about it."
Is there a woman in your life?
Is there a man in your life?
I'm afraid of heights.
You're incredible.
See you in hell.
It never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner.
Pa-aling is a controversial fishing method.
He's got the bends.
He and I are childhood friends.
Spring is coming.
Happy birthday, Shishir!
Who is this guy?
I don't want a bloody voucher. Just give me cash!
We used to play musical chairs in elementary school.
Is your dog mean?
Tom is an excellent cricket player.
Who paid you to add this sentence? You're trying to brainwash us!
It's natural for family members to help each other.
I will kill you.
I froze the juice inside the PET bottle. This way, I'll be able to drink as much cold juice as I want at lunchtime.
Don't die on me.
I don't fear death.
We'll never make it.
When the tempura I make cools down, it immediately loses its crispiness and doesn't taste very good.
I can't see him either.
I'll pay you a visit sometime.
I'll love you always.
He won't leave us alone.
That's pretty impressive.
She has a thing for older men.
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
Ask her for advice.
Ask him for advice.
She's young enough to be your daughter.
He got brushed aside.
She got brushed aside.
Hop in.
She's drop-dead gorgeous.
I'd hate to be in your shoes.
Been a while, hasn't it?
It's been a while, hasn't it?
Why do you want to die?
No chance in hell.
You're sure there's no way?
It's absolutely impossible.
I'm right beside you.
I have a favour to ask.
I'm worried about him.
I'll keep my mouth shut.
She's completely crazy about him.
Please find out where she is.
Please find out where he is.
That won't be a problem.
I've taken care of it.
We're on schedule.
We're behind on schedule.
I thought he was here.
We were right.
What's gotten into you?
The virus is starting to mutate.
Ironic, isn't it?
Tell me one more thing.
Take a look at this.
I'll need to make some more tests.
I'll need to run some more tests.
I can't tell you yet.
Where was he headed?
I'm being watched.
Avatars are no contributions, they're personal identities.
You're surrounded.
"Where was he headed?" "He was headed north."
I shouldn't be laughing.
I'm scared.
My place is here.
We'll begin shortly.
Need a lift?
The French like to make fun of Belgians.
I'm such an idiot.
Don't fall off!
Go on ahead.
Get us out of here.
It's all part of the plan.
We're working as fast as we can.
For God's sake Bob, lighten up.
That's a heartwarming scene.
The sample is not pure enough.
It's no use.
He needs a dialysis.
He saved my life.
I didn't know you had a sister.
I didn't know you had a brother.
That's what got me into this line of work.
How did you get into this line of work?
She is wiser than I am.
She's better at it than I am.
He's better at it than I am.
It shouldn't be like that.
She'll be just fine.
He'll be just fine.
This is our last chance.
Are you deaf?
Get your ass in there.
You're coming with me.
Mullets are cool.
What's your secret?
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with him?
What is wrong with her?
What is wrong with that guy?
Things are not that simple.
You don't have to do this.
Stay out of my way.
You need to hurry.
You're a strange bird.
We appreciate your understanding.
We appreciate your cooperation.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
I didn't hear him coming.
I didn't hear her coming.
Your father never wanted you.
Your birth was an accident.
Will he live?
It's only a game.
It's not just a game.
Are you sure about this?
Do you think this is some kind of game?
I've got bad news.
She died in a bike accident.
That's one crazy ass bitch!
Here I come.
Here she comes.
I'll never forgive myself.
It's still too early to tell.
I have to apologize.
That no longer matters.
This no longer matters.
It no longer matters.
She told me everything.
He told me everything.
It's already too late.
Don't wake her up.
Eat your heart out, Tom. Mary is coming with me.
You think that I am a loose woman, don't you Tom?
Wow, Mary is a hot piece of ass.
Hold it right there, Tom!
We are victorious.
Out of my way!
We don't need it anymore.
Gangway!
We never stood a chance.
That's not what I meant.
Don't be an idiot.
I have no future.
This is my destiny.
He's dead. It's official.
I thought I'd never go back.
Everything all right?
Be careful out there.
That door is locked.
The door is locked.
It's a step in the right direction.
It is a step in the right direction.
It's backwards compatible.
She betrayed you.
He betrayed you.
They betrayed you.
I betrayed you.
I think it's too expensive; besides, it doesn't even look that good...
This dog runs fast.
Something's coming.
It didn't make the cut.
It's on the house.
Don't be afraid of having tigers for enemies; be afraid of having pigs for friends.
I have to take the book back to the library today.
You did it!
Many foreigners also come to Japan to learn Japanese.
What kind of places do you like?
I play bass guitar in a guitar ensemble.
Do you think I should go by myself?
You can't erase the past.
Perhaps the only adjective in the English language that can follow the noun it modifies is "unknown".
"Who is the guy in the picture?" "I don't know who he is."
I don't know who called you yesterday.
The policeman saw who killed her.
We don't know who killed him yet.
"How did the accident happen?" "Nobody knows."
Nobody understands how he does it, but he does it.
You should study like your sister does.
We didn't know how to do it, so we asked for help.
He said her mother doesn't love him.
What's the name of your eldest brother?
Does someone know where my son is?
He asked me where his book was.
I don't know when the exam is. It may be tomorrow.
When he saw me, he started running.
Where are you going, Mom?
Are you going to the shop? Will you buy me a toy?
I'll have to talk it over with my dad.
The teacher asked him, "What's the square root of 256?"
This is not a drill.
The student answered, "The square root of 256 is sixteen."
"Nobody knows that," said the doctor.
Rosa, her mother, and her sister are in São Paulo.
I'm going to buy meat, cheese, and tomatoes.
Every noun in Portuguese is either masculine or feminine.
Your father is a very nice person.
How many victims were there?
The water is hot.
The girl is really hungry.
The letter is addressed to my parents.
She has pretty eyes.
I am accustomed to the climate.
She was very jealous of the girl because she had nice shoes.
We are all excited about the concert.
I was curious as to the result.
She is known for her soup.
That's very characteristic for him.
We are thankful for the good food.
It is decisive for us that we win this game.
The team was divided into smaller groups.
I am unsettled about the news.
I'm delighted about the weather.
I was astonished by the clarity of the picture.
They are happy about the result.
You are happy about the result.
You guys were sad about the death of the dog.
My son is studying economics.
Do you want to buy an umbrella?
Today is my best friend's birthday.
This water isn't drinkable.
I hate to break the news, but I've found someone else.
The new tablet costs an arm and a leg.
I'd like to buy this computer, but it costs an arm and a leg!
My mother-in-law gives me the creeps.
There's no point in going to the beach if it's going to rain.
Where do you live in Turkey?
Maybe I'll be able to speak fluently in a month's time.
Do you want a glass? There is one on the table.
Sara has 31 pens.
I don't see a man.
Gustavo doesn't have any friends in this city.
I have less than ten pesos.
I had to wait more than three hours.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
It's a quarter after nine in the morning.
It's 4:30 in the afternoon.
Give me a half-kilo of meat.
We have a half-dozen eggs.
A person who is born in Spain is a Spaniard.
I had to go.
Where can I speak with you?
This isn't the time for stupid jokes.
You have such beautiful eyes.
I still have things left to do.
No problems to report.
This is also my first time.
Best to let him rest.
Where's your God now?
Where is your God now?
Even the sky cries for us!
What country are you in these days?
I went to bed at ten yesterday.
What a shitty Sunday.
Tomorrow I'll arrive on time.
Stab everyone.
Go on without me.
I'm sorry I dragged you into this.
I've got your back.
I've got nothing to lose.
I'll never leave you alone again.
I've always loved you.
Is there something wrong with me?
It's been my dream since I was a little boy.
It's been my dream since I was a little girl.
Leave this to me.
My heart began to race.
46 million Americans lived under the poverty line in 2010.
We have plenty of time now.
Take a look at all the photographs!
Arabs persecute me.
Arabs harass me.
Oral language isn't planned.
The challenges are daunting, but we can overcome them.
Your lips are like roses.
You have to brush your teeth before going to sleep!
Together, everything is possible!
With oral language there isn't only one language and one can't proofread.
I think that I'll be in Modena at around 9 o'clock.
Do you want to argue again?
Can we catch up soon, please?
He's your son.
I wanted to tell you.
He sacrificed everything for you.
I'm no longer afraid.
Nothing beats a good burger with fries.
They kidnapped me.
Don't take it personal.
He's my new friend.
We're having fun.
When is he coming back?
He needs to be alone.
I need to be alone.
I'm not crying.
I'm not here to fight.
I doubt it.
Just by chance, what are you trying to do?
Which is correct?
People have already promised money for his project.
Listen and choose the best answer.
Ban Ki-Moon needs $16 million more for his project.
Ban Ki-Moon needs to find $40 billion for his project.
I don't like books with more than five hundred pages.
It is time to help women.
Men can do more for their families.
Women can have smaller families.
She thinks it is a positive development.
She finds it a little distasteful.
What does the speaker's attitude seem to be towards the new British tendency to display emotions?
She died tragically young.
Many people identified with her.
One of the project's targets is having computers for women and children.
One of the project's targets is vaccinations for women and children.
The speaker is middle-aged.
The speaker is young.
The speaker believes that cosmetic industries mislead women with impossible claims.
The speaker believes that cosmetic industries always behave in an ethical way.
The speaker believes that overt expression of feeling for others helps people tap into their own repressed emotions.
Read each text and choose the best answers for the questions below it.
Red wine is not traditionally served with fish.
Certain religions do not allow this combination.
The chemical ingredients cause the mouth to dry up.
The combination leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
The scientists concluded that acids in wine make it taste bad.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a place of international renown.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a rough, industrial city.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a wealthy manufacturing centre.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a showcase for arts and culture.
The US customs wanted to confiscate Australian Foreign Minister's Vegemite.
What is the main attraction of the museum?
They think it's superfluous.
They say it looks too modern.
They are highly complementary.
They have mixed reactions.
It contrasts sharply with its surroundings.
It looks like the Guggenheim in New York.
It fits in well with the city around it.
Which of the following is true about the Bilbao museum?
Museum officials think that ETA wanted more Basque art in the museum.
Museum officials think that ETA will not harm the museum in the future.
The sommelier approves of customers who choose red wine with fish.
Choose one of the following writing prompts.
Write a short essay.
Do you live in Turkey?
Write a report.
An English language students' magazine has invited readers to submit an article on the theme of culture shock.
Write an article based on your own experiences abroad or other people's in your own country.
He is still having doubts.
Tom still doesn't live in Boston.
Tom knows nothing about Boston.
He speaks English better than me.
The news report only told one side of the story.
The journalist reported each new development in the talks.
I swear that I'll never do a thing like that.
I'm not sure about it.
We must destroy the evidence.
But this stuff of the videos is true?
Stop studying!
"Aha!", they said.
Do you know by chance his name?
Do you know by chance her name?
A fox doesn't need the bravery of a lion, a lion doesn't need the foxery of a fox.
He spends too much money.
But how much did you win?
What time does that restaurant close?
Because of the hot sun, they were tired.
These are the miracles that we need!
In 2011, certain things make me smile.
I had to say you also another thing, but I forgot it.
Be off!
Scram!
It seems that Taro doesn't have any girlfriends.
If I were a boy, I could join the baseball team.
We are in a library.
We're in a library.
There's always a good part in human folly.
Families want to educate their children and can, in principle, defray the costs with the greater incomes that education generates.
You are the only reason I have to finish university!
You're the only reason I have to finish university!
Roche stops drug supplies to debt-ridden Greek hospitals.
Does it take too long to blow dry?
The student shot five of his classmates and then turned the gun on himself.
She can tell the most outrageous lie without batting an eye.
Sex: kids are starting earlier and going further.
I never meant for any of this to happen.
"Come on, let's go." "Where are you taking me?"
Why do men always seem to have affairs with their secretaries?
Walking to work in this heat is a bad idea.
You're under arrest for endangering the welfare of a minor.
This house is very small.
If you eat that much, you'll get sick.
In Esperanto, substantives, adjectives, adverbs and verbs show their function in a sentence through their ending.
I am always proud of my family.
He thought that I'm very tired.
What do you think about the Japanese language?
When he stopped running, he was satisfied.
Let's do it!
Watch attentively. I'll show you how it's done.
Watch attentively. I'll show you how one does that.
Did you know that men who regularly take birth control pills don't get pregnant?
She helped her daughter get dressed.
I'm trying to leave a little space for dessert.
The young girl gave the guest a little flower.
That's the only appliance that I have.
The best cakes that I have ever eaten are those that my mother baked.
They offer the best salad in the world as a special side dish.
The young man whom I caught looking through the garbage can said that he hasn't eaten in four days.
The prime minister spoke about the financial crisis at length.
One can even learn at an old age.
We were surprised how fast the police were there.
I arrived too early.
The statue has no head.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back to life.
She's not more beautiful than her mother.
She's not more beautiful than their mother.
Is there an ATM around here?
Is there an ATM close by?
Is there an ATM nearby?
It's a long way from tree to chair.
Pretty clothes!
The philosopher's stone could transmute every precious metal into gold.
How many people have died?
The doctor said that this disease is unhealable.
The doctor said that this ailment is incurable.
The doctor said that this malady is untreatable.
The doctor said that this sickness is irremediable.
The doctor said that this blight is immedicable.
The doctor said that this illness is remediless.
Many businesses were plundered during the riots.
My computer is hung up.
They aren't putting on shoes.
They're running without shoes.
Nickel is a hard, bright-silver metal.
I don't have to excuse myself for what I said.
He had earned a lot of money in New York and went back to his hometown.
The truth is I'd like to attend a foreign school, but after all, the school expenses are too high.
The world is an unfair place. Instead of trying to change it, you must keep an imperturbable heart.
They fill you alone.
If you are taking your shoes off, please put them in their place.
She almost never does what she says she's going to do.
The third aria is the part in which she makes herself heard the best.
All the people inside this room are the same gender.
These pencils are the same color.
These towels are different colors.
In this clinic, he checked, operated, prescribed and gave medicine to at least nine dogs.
These are the same kind of car.
These are two different kinds of bicycles.
These fish are the same color.
These birds are different colors.
People are speaking at the same time.
We are running at the same time.
These two shirts are made from the same material.
Both pieces are made of metal.
These two pairs of pants are made from different materials.
Both sheets of paper are the same shape.
Both wooden pieces are different shapes.
These insects are different species.
These mammals are the same species.
We are different heights. He is taller than me.
One boy is taller than the other.
These motorcycles are the same type.
These computers are different types.
My sisters have the same color eyes.
We have different color eyes.
These boxes are the same size.
These paintings are different sizes.
The water levels in these glasses are the same.
The water levels in these rivers are different.
The container is full.
The container is empty.
These copybooks are the same thickness.
These personal organizers are different thicknesses.
There are different amounts of medicine in these two bottles.
There is the same amount of medicine in these two bottles.
These animals are going in different directions.
Water and oil are two different types of fluid.
We are the same age. We are both sixteen years old.
We are different ages. He is older than me.
Our children are the same age, same gender and same height. They are twins.
We are the same age, but different heights.
He was becoming a famous singer.
Are you for or against the project?
Those two shirts are made from the same material.
I find that Frankfurters have a better taste than Viennese.
I find that frankfurters have much more taste than wieners.
The female Hamburger favored rubbers.
I won't put a pistol against anybody's chest in order to stay in Barcelona.
You'll definitely fail if you don't study more.
The barber cut his hair.
All of these photos, too, have brilliant colors and are quite good!
Aside from the tourist spots, it's not very prosperous, I think.
If you scrape off a bit under the layer of old man, there is still a child.
Give up!
Renounce!
Fall is finally coming!
I already put it in my bag!
I'm crazy to postpone.
I don't feel like trying.
This sentence is not in English.
Cook for me.
How did you spend your summer holiday?
Practice mercy.
How has the writer organized the report?
How does he make the report clear to read?
A king lived in an old castle.
Let's get ready to cloning.
Hey Nicki, how do you like that class?
What kinds of exercises do you do?
If you join, let me know and I'll go with you to one of the classes.
Tatoeba: Proving that a dictatorship is better every day.
She is strong.
Who were you going to sell it to?
The man is right.
Isn't that just a brush fire?
Members of the Bavarian State Opera have refused to come to Japan because of fear of radiation from Fukushima.
I would like to believe.
How many tractors did you sell last week?
How deep is it?
The marsh is knee-deep.
You know English?
Kate has a fair complexion, unlike the others in her family.
Are you dead?
Is it your bike?
Please take me home.
The flies are buzzing.
Someone's watching me.
Can you get up?
I have a place to sleep.
How come you know English so well?
I may swim in the river.
I can swim in the river.
I have a grenade.
I am allowed to swim in the river.
You're damn right.
Smokers are a bunch of idiots.
Let's hit the sack.
You catch on quickly.
The monkey got away.
It's monkey meat.
You go on alone.
Let's be friends.
Alcoholics' children are more likely to have drinking problems.
How can rattlesnakes localise their prey and track it through grass and bushes, after they wound it, if they're fully deaf?
There's no doubt that he's innocent.
We saw them leave.
It's not worth it.
He'll probably finish the work by tomorrow.
There were 30 members in all.
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Do you see people in the park?
And are there boats?
My cat barks.
To make a tart, you need eggs, butter and sugar.
He has had surgery on his left leg.
It is possible that you have already read this book.
Because I like stinking!
I've tried it for a few days, and I'm pretty sure you won't love it.
I'm still cooking the brown rice.
Today I got up early.
She likes birdwatching.
The absurdity of the situation was almost comical.
I'm just not feeling up to it right now.
That has nothing to do with it.
He should have come.
Love sucks.
It was nice to meet you.
Likewise, it was nice to meet you.
Lieutenant Worf is a Klingon who serves as an officer aboard the Federation starship Enterprise.
I have a pomegranate.
Isn't that just a prairie fire?
I just wanted to see if you knew.
The people at SETI are looking for intelligent life in the universe because they haven't found it here on Earth!
Do you drink wine?
Why do you study French?
I can't understand you.
Phone for you.
She is a hysterical woman.
You're crazy or what?
You are very insensitive.
Calm down. I can't hear you.
What is she late for?
Get her out of here.
Rob, go watch TV.
Please, don't yell!
You didn't happen to catch his name, did you?
Do you see the color? It means you're pregnant!
It's a little late for prayer.
God, don't mock my faith!
I'm a little disappointed with my boys.
Hold on a second.
When's the wedding?
I just hate when that happens.
Didn't you take precautions?
That reminds me.
It's demeaning.
My husband got a vasectomy.
I've never considered it.
I finally met the right woman.
I want to raise a family.
Don't cry. I love you.
I've a patient. See you.
I have to go, Sweetheart.
Remember, you're pregnant.
They're going to have a baby.
Will there be permanent effects?
She writes music for a living.
Will I still be able to do it?
Do you have children already?
That's really not the same thing.
Put him on. It's my son.
Do you like Joseph for a name?
If I were rich, I'd go abroad.
We often play chess after school.
If I were you, I wouldn't have done that.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
She was so kind as to give me advice.
He did what they told him.
She is not honest at all.
Would you tell the head chef that it was very delicious?
Everything around him is gray.
I couldn't come to the birthday party.
None of the cars are mine.
She has lived in this city for five years already.
We thought that we wouldn't be able to stop him.
It's often said that Japanese is a difficult language to learn.
Fortunately he survived the accident.
She's eating fruit.
You are good.
You fix.
I am not too tired.
They are not tired.
I'm going to the restaurant.
I'm incredibly busy.
I'm incredibly tired.
He isn't an American.
Is that so?
I live in Helsinki.
I am good.
You are big.
You are important.
I eat.
I am food.
Water is good.
The sun is big.
Eating is good.
People are good.
The lake is big.
Water is important.
I'm important.
I'm fat.
Somebody is eating.
I eat fruit.
He's watching the bug.
She's fixing the machine.
I'm fixing something.
I want to see the countryside.
I must destroy you.
The bug looks and has sex.
I eat and destroy.
I eat and drink fruit and water.
I want to see the land and the sun.
I have a tool.
Something is watching me.
He wants to squish the bug.
Fruit is a food and is good.
The bug is thirsty.
I am looking at that.
I want to have sex with him.
I want to have sex with her.
People want to own land.
I am somebody and important.
I lead people well.
I fight badly.
You look up at the sun.
He wants that a lot.
We barely saw it.
I have a fruit.
It is good and is small.
I nibble the small fruit.
The leader drank dirty water.
I need a utensil.
An enemy is attacking them.
That bad person has strange clothes.
We drank a lot of alcohol.
Children watch adults.
Little people watch big people.
I am looking up at the big building.
The sun's warmth heats my home.
Children want fruit juice.
They drove the adults crazy.
That was his catchphrase.
I always wash my face with soap and water.
Why are you learning French?
A bird is known by its song, and a man by his words.
You remember it better than I do.
How is your family doing?
There's a lovely park in the centre of the town.
They wouldn't have cancelled the game if it hadn't rained so heavily.
The world population grows by close to eight million per year.
Please bring me a clean knife.
The star is so bright that it can be seen with the naked eye.
We must tell him about it.
We concurred.
Attention, Lojbanist!
She went into her room to dress herself.
He was awfully skinny.
We should inform them about that.
We should tell it to them.
That looks close.
Don't accuse the leader.
Did you watch the movie?
Is it a deer?
I remember the fact that you're my brother.
Maybe they're happy.
I've never liked the way foreign languages were taught at school.
I'm in the house.
I eat in the house.
The sun is in the sky.
I bathe myself in the restroom.
The fruit is in the basket.
I want to be at home.
I want to do something in a house.
You told me that you are eating.
I ended your sleep.
I woke you up.
I made you aware of reality.
I forced you to be to present and alert.
I'm using tools.
You have to use tools.
I'm using that cup.
I eat using a utensil.
I look using a flashlight.
I'm going to my house.
They're going to the war.
You want to go to the ocean.
She's going up the rock.
She's going to the top of the rock.
He led people to the good land.
He's coming to my country.
That is good to me.
I like that.
That is bad to me.
I don't like that.
I like fruit.
I like talking.
I don't like buildings.
I don't like the ocean.
I like watching the countryside.
I fixed the house for the disabled man.
I gave your car.
I gave the house to you.
I'm moving the rock.
She moved my clothes.
He came to my house.
I caused an accident.
You made me hungry.
I came to have the water.
I got the water.
I fixed the flashlight using a small tool.
I like Toki Pona.
We gave them food.
This is for my friend.
The tools are in the container.
That bottle is in the dirt.
I want to go to his house using my car.
They are arguing.
You should come to the chat room.
People talk in Toki Pona in the chat room.
I like to go to the chat room.
You will get friends there.
I've lost my keys.
Where do you know each other from?
Brazil was visited by the Pope.
Thanks a lot for the link, I love translating and learning languages!
I like hot food, you like cold food, and Jane likes lukewarm food.
The bear bites itself.
The mail can't be delivered.
It costs money to borrow money!
In the modern age, humans are detached.
That bicycle over there is my brother's.
"Which name do you prefer?" "They're both nice."
You're going to be a mommy.
You don't have to do it here.
I know how to do it.
I am John, Frank. I tell you “I run”.
Go to the store!
Can I go play in my room?
Be seen by me!
Show me the person who loves you.
I came here to spend some time with you.
You don’t like cats and that is untrue.
I love Jane, and I like that.
Alice sleeps in her room.
I love myself.
Is John your name?
Give the money to my son.
Give the house to my daughter.
I will go when you do.
I will wash my car.
Living things are made from cells.
I make the building out of wood.
I see a cat made of plastic.
John picked up a stick and shook it.
So I can go, right?
I always found weird to participate in a community under a pseudonym and sign messages with another name.
"So I can go?" "Run."
A little birdie told me you were there.
Your wife saw me and told you?
There's nothing wrong with me.
They must really hate me.
Who changed the subject?
If it makes you feel any better, you'll die in two hours.
She was giving a speech at the park.
Saint-Exupéry's masterpiece with original illustrations.
Why is it so suffocating to live in Modena?
Whatever happens, you're never going to find out.
Time doesn't pass or go away, time remains inside us.
The house is burning!
Don't you think it's time for you to settle down?
You can't count on him.
It's your turn to do the washing up. I did it yesterday.
This desk is too small for Meg.
Let's knock on wood so that our dream will come true.
Just mind your own business, please.
What about the office?
Would you like to be seated?
In this tale, the god of rain, storms, and lightning is called Chac Mool.
I wish you were coming to my party.
I don't know whether Oreida has two sons.
Open Mozilla Firefox.
Why are you afraid?
My mother has five more years than my father.
I'm happy about talking to you.
I like that it is soft.
Eating pleases me.
I'm not trying to destroy.
I want to eat meat and vegetables.
Do you need to drink wine?
I need to travel.
I'm waiting and hoping for Alex to come.
I want to not say hi.
I'm an experienced fogey in tiredness.
The seasoned bread causes farts.
Because of the snow, it cannot be done.
You made someone eat food.
I want to talk in Lojban.
It's hard for me, reading letters on the monitor.
I think about something leaving.
Hey, Zgana, how old are you?
He fails at work.
I don't like high heat.
Damn, Valsi isn't here.
What is your method for discovering?
Trying is good.
Right now, I want to speak Lojban.
He wrote the story about the things that happened before he lived.
My brother-in-law died last Friday.
I'm a woman.
Is this Latin?
The translator said the translation would be ready by Monday.
I won't tell anyone what he told me. It's a secret.
The horse was lying on the straw.
Her husband is about to die.
Are you allergic to this medicine?
Hallelujah! I've found my dog.
Why are you so happy today?
A couple of sparrows are building a nest on the balcony of my house.
Don't talk nonsense, you know that's impossible.
That woman scares me. She's always shouting and talking to herself.
I have eaten a whole cow.
I am an artist.
I'm an artist.
I'm going to wait for you.
As for you, I don't know, but for me it's really very important.
Return home?! I prefer to stay here!
I'm a coward.
"How are you feeling?" "Not good at all!"
"How do you feel?" "Not good at all!"
According to researchers from the Carsey Institute at the University of New Hampshire, 15.7 million children lived in poverty in America in 2010.
This one's all yours.
This one is all yours.
That one's all yours.
That one is all yours.
I owe you one.
I wish to stay alone for a couple of hours.
I saw a man dressed like a ninja.
I wish to speak with you in private. Call me.
Or is it still a mystery?
She's a tough one.
"I'm going to pull a rabbit out of the hat." "I'll pay to see that".
Does it work?
It's all yours.
There's somebody there.
It wasn't our fault... We all had to do it.
There's somebody here.
I'm going to call him right now.
Does it look bad?
What's the remaining time?
You're our only hope.
I knew this moment would come.
Tonight belongs to the fireflies and the bats—and the werewolves.
He knows very well how to deceive people.
He knows just too well how to cheat people.
Who allowed him in?
We'll have to come back.
Who did you learn it from?
The sale of beer in Germany is decreasing continuously.
From whom did you learn that?
It always takes them so much time...
Do you know what is referred to?
What are you not telling me?
I've told you everything.
Do you know who sings that song?
I spent the weekend with my grandma.
Listen, he doesn't know what he says.
Why at Clermont-Ferrand?
Have you already thought about donating your organs after you die?
Several houses were washed away by the flood.
There's something going on.
Her reassurances assuaged his worries.
I sent you a letter.
Should I clean my room?
There is an ample market for this product.
Bob's come here, hasn't he?
I bought a book of folktales.
She seems to have a tendency to exaggerate things.
It's been a pleasure talking to you.
I will fight to the death.
We wasted a lot of time.
The ice of southern Argentina is suffering from the effects of climate change.
I love hearing lies when I know the truth.
I'm scared of wild animals.
He hurried up so that he wouldn't miss the train.
Some people like the sea more, others like the mountains more.
How much does he pay for gas each month?
Don't let your guard down.
Calm down!
He knows where the wind's blowing from.
He's returning to the place that you came from.
"Open your books to page 48." "I didn't bring mine."
I'm going to buy some currant juice.
What marvelous work he's doing, donating books to needy children!
One who listens to one's recorded voice has the sensation of listening to a stranger.
When you listen to your recorded voice, you get the feeling that you're hearing the voice of a stranger.
This protein is crucial for the organism to function properly.
Are you crazy, or what?
I don't know if that's a great merit.
All apples are red.
I can't help you because I'm busy.
Your ideas are a little antiquated.
Your ideas are a little old-fashioned.
Her sadness was written all over her face.
I saw the mark of sadness that had remained on her face.
I'm doing well today.
He's supporting you voluntarily.
I heard someone shouting.
The doctor said that I would have to quit smoking.
I write in my diary every day.
They all laughed at their error.
They all laughed at his error.
Your fasting, your not eating, that has been your great error.
I'll stay at home with my grandparents this weekend.
This store sells vegetables.
I hope that the bus ride won't be boring.
I prefer to go by bicycle.
I prefer biking.
I can't stand those kinds of people.
Tango lives with a small boy in a little village.
The surviving refugees longed for freedom.
As of tomorrow, this e-mail address will be invalid.
Due to the thick fog, the road was difficult to see.
Because of the thick fog, the street was hard to see.
My younger brother watches TV.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't pay the bill.
I'm not sure why Tom didn't want to meet Mary.
I'm not sure why Tom said those things, but I bet he now wishes he hadn't.
I'm not sure why Tom is against the idea.
There are a lot of fish in that lake.
There are many rats on the ship.
There are many rivers on that island.
Tom told the children that they could stay in this room as long as they didn't make any noise.
I've tried swimming in the river.
Are you all lost?
No one fights against liberty; at most they may fight against the liberty of others.
Is he Japanese?
Is she Japanese?
Gasoline is no longer a cheap fuel.
The students did the work themselves.
I no longer have a home.
The student was punished for smoking.
There are a lot of fish in this lake.
The lake is full of fish.
Which information are you talking about?
That was never there before.
It's all part of their strategy.
Only if you come will she come to my birthday party.
Where are we going?
From Carlsbad to Carlsworse.
Nobody loves war.
He who reads often and walks often, sees much and knows much.
I woke up with a sore throat.
Repetition is the father of learning.
Something's not right.
The alveolar approximant is a sound that is very rare in languages worldwide, but exists in the English language.
Here is the location of the prototype.
To many Americans, a two-party political system seems natural.
Give me your thoughts.
Whatever.
Shakespeare's works are frequently considered among the greatest in the English language.
Time is getting short.
Amsterdam is amazing!
Now I have to work in less than 5 hours.
Where the hell is Tom?
My life is complete.
Harden up.
I steal it from you.
Would it kill you to say "Please"?
I asked my mother to wake me up at four.
I'm fed up.
He told me a little secret about his mother.
Things have been really busy down at the station.
How about you back at work?
The war was a big part of my life, and I can hardly bring myself to speak about it, but I feel it is important that your younger generation appreciates what I have done to you.
How did you enter in my room?
You don't have to say you're sorry; I understand.
The last letter is mine.
Does it ring a bell with you?
Can't we leave it as it is?
My parents are very strict.
Stop blaming him for your mistakes.
You say that because you don't know what's going on.
There was always a place for you in my heart.
You always blame me for your unhappiness.
Someone has stolen my tennis racket.
Today I start to write a rap song.
The former kings are not forgotten.
Those who labour with their minds govern others; those who labour with their strength are governed by others.
For me it's your fault!
I can't exclude it.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it; and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
There's also Paolo.
There is also Paolo.
Me too.
You are safe here with me.
To hide the fact that she's a princess, she disguised herself as a boy and escaped the palace.
I don't want to get married.
I have never met you in person.
It wasn't a coincidence.
I can't excuse what I did.
You expect me to believe that?
Sorry about earlier.
We'll have to deal with it.
We have no other choice.
He never pays attention to what I say.
I can't pay attention to the entire world at once!
Black and white photos have a special charm.
Some photos were printed in black and white.
The ice watered down the juice.
This juice would be even better with two ice cubes.
How do we know each other?
Where do we know each other from?
The price of this camera is exorbitant.
The image projected in the retina is inverted.
Will it bother you if I sit next to you?
The translation of this sentence is a bad translation.
There seems to be a mistake.
My head is exploding.
It seems that the infection will get the upper hand, but I am still fighting against it.
Thank you very much, you always say more agreeable things than I do.
I didnt know they had real bears in the city, so it was cute to watch them!
The nuns are singing.
I can't go back with them.
It's a harp.
Let's return to Japan together.
I feel like I understand your feelings.
I had a nosebleed today.
No, I feel like he's not "pure", but rather "dull".
It's Baba's voice.
It's the voice of an old woman.
Put more salt in the soup.
He's not a doctor, but a nurse.
There are three beauty salons on this street.
I was scouted by a model agency while walking around Shibuya.
My daughter likes Ultraman.
Since you can change the playback speed on the walkman, I use it to learn French.
The maintenance on the water infrastructures in this region is insufficient.
My sister likes Ultraman.
I was in Kyoto twice.
An oni will appear inevitably to those who fear oni.
It's become dark. Would you turn on the light?
"Is there a glass?" "Yes, there's one on the table."
I'm after him.
The parrot is dead.
This parrot is no more.
The way is long.
After the earthquake, the land value in this area went down a lot.
Time to go.
You can have mine.
What are you fighting for?
I'm wondering if I love him.
I'm wondering if I love her.
I might be able to help.
I found out where he is.
I found out where she is.
It was all an illusion?
Was it all an illusion?
I feel that I understand your feelings.
This is suicide!
I saw some birds take off.
See you in hell!
I can't shut it down.
There is another way.
I won't stop you.
You're all nothing but pawns.
He's a drama queen.
We found an anomaly.
All you want is power.
That coach gave him good advice.
Cut the crap!
Cut the bullshit!
I don't have enough money at the moment.
He described what had happened in detail.
I walk to work every day.
Milk is a common beverage.
Believe in yourself.
Be nice to others.
Your wish has come true.
Is that your own idea?
Acting on advice from his astronomers, Alexander the Great decided not to attack Egypt and went to India instead.
I am in San Diego and you guys need to come visit me!
The view is amazing.
Well, San Diego is where life's a beach!
I will tell you when you visit.
I think I remember you.
You should come visit us!
Where are you living?
I will try next week.
How's your schedule looking?
My schedule is pretty crazy.
I love you guys!
Or did you change it?
I miss you too!
It would be best for you to follow the doctor's orders.
I'm so sad I didn't get to see you this summer!
Will you be home for Christmas?
Maybe we can stop by and see you!
I'm actually coming home in October.
That would be great!
What happens if you feed your dog pasta?
It's good to have you back!
How many do I have to do?
I was obviously a little distracted!
I'm guessing you didn't clean your house yet.
You're a serial killer.
Here are the rules.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
And now I want to watch it.
When does it start?
It's a catchy song.
Did you get Subway?
People gathered with tomatoes and eggs to condemn the mayor's actions.
We offer you the chance to obtain training in mathematical sciences.
Can I ask you something?
His dream has realized.
Long story short, I was fired.
My computer makes a really weird noise.
Don't treat me like that.
I've never dated her!
I'd like to tell her that I love her.
Did anyone tell you that?
He always cries when he is drunk.
I don't know which key to use.
How did you get inside? Do you have a key?
"Who died?" "His little dog."
Why don't we have both?
You'll stay in my hotel.
Did you bring yours?
I brought mine. Did you bring yours?
Most women think like that.
I'm sorry for your grandfather.
He is not an adult, he is sixteen years old!
I drank too much beer yesterday.
Your words make me feel bad.
"Who brought you?" "My sister did."
We went to swim in the sea.
Why is your eye red?
My cousins live near the beach.
There's not much to say.
My parents are getting divorced.
"I can change." "I don't want you to change."
The ocean is dirty.
Why would I lie to you?
The boy has no food.
It's my biggest dream.
When I was your age, things were very different.
I have something to tell you. I am your brother.
"Tell me why you are so sad." "It's personal."
"What's your wife's name?" "I'm not married."
I learned that from you!
Shut up. I'm here to help you.
Cold coffee is horrible!
You all are going to behave yourselves, I swear to fucking God!
The last card is mine.
I hate this girl.
Anyone who uses or works with Esperanto is an Esperantist, and every Esperantist has the right to consider their language a simple medium for international comprehension.
The coach gave him some good advice.
The 1959 movie "On the Beach" was based on Nevil Shute's 1957 novel of the same name.
In the summer, they used to play on the beach all day long.
People gathered at the water's edge.
There were a lot of people on the beach.
He'll finish the job by tomorrow.
They took away the remains of a civilization lost in history.
There are two major political parties in the United States: the conservative Republican Party, and the liberal Democratic Party.
Why don't you shut up?
Why don't you just shut up?
She's a good spouse. She's faithful.
The majority of the Swiss can speak three or four languages.
His higher salary allows him to live comfortably.
Her higher salary will allow her to live comfortably.
His wife kicked him out of the house.
I'll spend the night here.
A drunk robbed me.
Even I don't like to fight.
My son is only a teenager.
The family eats breakfast on the balcony.
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.
It's not dinnertime yet.
I think this phrase is a little redundant.
His son is his bitterest disappointment.
I want to say goodbye.
You all have two books.
I don't know what he's trying to say.
I don't know what she's trying to say.
I can't get there in an hour.
We have ten head of livestock.
Enter or exit.
It's not as if I had read all the books on the shelf.
The planets and the stars insist on illuminating eager minds, being a guide among the darkness.
Without the aid of the stars, we lost our course with no hope of finding it again.
Give him this message as soon as he arrives.
Maybe a child would do such a cruel thing?
He was a jester, and nothing more. He felt no pain; he was a jester, and nothing more.
Long ago, the Greeks would frequently hold great athletic events.
My eyes are filled with tears when I think about our beloved elderly, who dedicated their whole lives to their children, and now find themselves alone and sorrowful in an empty nest.
I'm tired of everything; I would like nothing more than to be in the Canary Islands.
He kept quiet. I thus conclude that he agrees.
He's generous, so let's go with him.
Upon coming home, I found my sisters cooking.
The Holocaust was a hate crime.
Even when one is being praised, modesty is important.
Genocides are hate crimes.
The water was supplied from outside.
You must be careful not to get angry.
She is brutally honest; it hurts me from time to time.
She is too sincere; sometimes it hurts me.
I charted our course with a compass, map and plenty of hope.
The country's political circumstances are going from bad to worse.
I would like to visit France someday.
He put a light on the roof.
As I stood alone in that deserted place, I realized that the darkness had eroded my confidence, hands shaking violently.
He hung a light from the ceiling.
I'm studying French grammar.
Can you translate it from Arabic to Spanish?
Latin is not hard.
The police officer enforces civil law.
The article was written in Russian.
Do you eat enchiladas?
Books fascinate me.
Cars are expensive.
Extracts from the sample we took earlier have revealed a great marvel.
What makes the noise?
We will study the underlying molecular occurrences of fertilization.
We will study the chemistry behind fertilization.
Water pollution is another problem.
I continued focussing on it, wondering if there was a way to get in and learn its secrets.
He's considered to be a great politician.
He's proud of being good at mathematics.
He's proud of his math skills.
I'll instruct you this once, and only this once; thus, you'd better be ready.
Are you all home?
Are you home?
You see when you put part A into slot B and screw down those into holes D, E and F, the pieces from that heavy box all integrate into a standing table.
I'm not justifying what he did, but you have to admit, his was a labour of love.
The airport improvement levy seems higher than last year.
Because of the dense haze, the road was hard to see.
No one matures without growing pains.
The Browns are an elegant and happy family.
Nobody had seen such a beautiful painting.
His sorrow was written all over his face.
I have never had sincere friendships.
We estimate the damages to be one thousand dollars.
We often compare Japan to England.
True friendship is invaluable.
Her husband has a terrible cough.
Your wife comes from California.
Transforming a collection of words into a well-formatted sentence is a quite an achievement, especially in English.
I share his political position.
I share your political position.
I do it without any problems.
I share her political position.
I share their political position.
He alters the altar while chipping away the stone.
She is very healthy.
About 10 people are waiting.
That car is really expensive.
That motorcycle isn't expensive.
I once sang on stage, sung loudly with a choir, and lived my days singing for rent, but now my aged song is only a whisper of what I used to sing.
Corks popping are the happiest sound of all.
He digs untiring with his shovel, yet the hole is not deep enough, never deep enough.
The glasses are in the glass cupboards.
It confuses me how combs can become so tangled up in my hair.
Cowardly, he slinked over to the window and peered suspiciously out into the empty street.
Erik is duller than Emily who, until yesterday, was the dullest person I knew.
I was dusting and sneezing all day.
Excite the mind: words.
There is a demon inside of me.
He took several grams of gold and placed it on the scale.
Whether you say hullo or hello, you are greeting a person in the same manner.
An octopus inks away when in fright.
The inky litre of blueberry juice needed something else to make it taste better, but he could not discern what that something could be.
"Do you have your ticket?" "I can't find mine."
There are a myriad of meats at the deli on the corner of Fifth and Harvey Street.
That is mine. I don't know where yours is.
That is mine. I don't know where his is.
That is mine. I don't know where hers is.
This bicycle is mine. Yours is over there.
Staring in the smudged mirror, he was not certain if his affliction was loneliness or madness.
That reply isn't correct, but it sounds interesting to me.
I don't have the slightest intention of retiring.
The government explicitly declared its intention to lower taxes.
Hockey goalies wear pads on their legs to help protect them and to prevent the other team from scoring.
I would like to go, but I don't have a car.
I don't know why I have a cough.
I went to the department store with the intent of buying a gift.
I have a very pretty girlfriend.
My sister doesn't have a car.
His T-shirt was a burnt orangish colour.
This is a pretty view, isn't it?
Aunty Kelly treated us to ice cream today.
In medical investigation, one of the biggest problems is isolating the cause of the illness.
Help me!
When I was your age, I bicycled to and from school every day.
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.
The source of the fire is unknown.
Spanish and Portuguese are very similar languages.
The blameless man walked out of the courtroom feeling a great weight lift off his shoulders, a triumphant smile on his lips.
Everything happens according to the will of God.
God is the cause of everything.
Spanish is widely spoken in South America.
We were astonished when we saw their wounds.
For the elderly, wounds take more time to heal.
Victims have the right to be compensated for their damages.
It wasn't my intention to hurt you.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings, and I regret that I did.
My friend died from an injury.
Sometimes we lie so that we don't hurt the feelings of others.
You should turn off the light before going to sleep.
I can stay in the guest room.
It's been a while since I had a good chat.
"What do you want to talk about, Mike?" "Whatever you like."
She never cares about my feelings.
Can we talk about that tomorrow? My head's going to explode.
If it makes you feel bad, why do you smoke?
What am I going to eat with 20 pesos?
She never wears pants.
This phrase seems correct to me.
I was forced to take the drug against my will.
She married him when she was 20.
The doctor might have said that.
Generally, the Japanese are very diligent workers.
I regret to say that he's gone, never to return.
A girl caught her fingers in the door.
All in good time.
You are our only hope.
Why are you saying goodbye?
I've dated a lunatic.
This is a term used to describe the warming of the earth, due to growing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
You are one disturbed woman!
You have no idea how painful it is to say this.
How did you get into my room?
One must help friends in times of such need.
When I go to see my grandson, I always give him something.
I'm going to have a date with my ex.
We're working on our marriage.
The important thing is that we're together.
There is almost no oxygen in the room.
Time was hard on her.
The teacher kicked me out of class.
You've matured a lot, huh?
My sister is kind to children.
How much can you bet?
In poker, what's a full house?
The death of her husband was her rebirth.
Obviously he isn't dependable!
I asked them how dinner was, but nobody answered me.
We had a good conversation.
Do you eat veal?
The weather was very good today.
Try to encourage me a little.
She was raised in a wealthy family.
That was an unforgivable error.
Why don't you have a family?
This is all that I can say for now.
Mom, I don't want to go with Grandpa. Leave me here.
What is aspirin made of?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to step on you.
But my older sister knows how to swim quite well.
In the United States, a census takes place every ten years.
Don't talk back to me! I know what's better for you.
You have to write that phrase again.
His voice sounds better than yours.
Her voice sounds better than yours.
Can you really?
For monotheists, there only exists one God.
And the same thing happened the next eight days.
Can I use your phone?
Ninja Turtles is my favorite game.
I'd appreciate it if you could pay in cash.
I was waiting for a long time.
We haven't found the lost cat yet.
Mining is one of the main sources of wealth in Chile.
He tried, and he got it.
He tried, and he did it.
I ate with my baby brother.
We don't know yet if he really broke his leg. They'll do an X-ray of it.
We play baseball.
The bridge connects the two cities.
Yesterday evening I wrote a letter.
Some deaf people choose not to use sign language.
Tom wanted to become a sign language interpreter.
Answer me, please.
Deaf people often talk to each other using sign language.
When had you finished it?
I think I like it a bit darker these days.
You may take everything you want.
Who brings me fruit and tea?
I would like to ask.
When is your next show?
I've lost.
I've lost my dignity.
Sun makes all the difference.
Such observations showed him obvious examples of chemical perturbations of health.
Paracelsus influence was intense and long lasting.
We are referring to the most general principle in all classical physics, that of conservation of energy.
There is a coffee shop over there.
Please say hello to your parents.
Please give my regards to your parents.
Please say hello to your parents for me.
If God had consulted me before embarking on the creation of the planets, I would have suggested a simpler system.
Copernicus turned from a person into a personification.
Copernicus became a symbol, that of heliocentrism.
The constitutional court will issue a decision by noon today.
Why did Leonardo leave his researcher's work undone?
The detective held the wine glass up to the light checking for fingerprints.
The guilt he felt over the affair made him spill his guts to his wife.
Over the years my mother lied to me about so many things.
You must have me confused with someone else.
He'll present the present in our presence.
You're too young to know what a slide rule is.
These documents were printed on recycled paper.
What you're saying is interesting but hardly germane to the topic at hand.
Millionaire CEOs used to be lionized in the press, but no more.
On September 26, 1959, the strongest typhoon in Japan's recorded history hit Nagoya.
Show yourself!
I miss Paris so much.
The hero finally defeated the evil scientist.
Science can be used for good or evil purposes.
My eyes keep burning.
My wife beats me.
Make sure the fortune that you seek is the fortune that you need.
I knew where to search.
I knew where to seek.
Edinburgh, we meet again!
Take it, or leave it.
He is punctual and discrete in his debts.
There are two worlds: one immediately perceptible to the senses, world of appearances, ephemeral shadow of a more concealed one, accessible only through the reason; this is the true and eternal world.
Did you feed the parrots?
Do you remember the time we went to Paris?
I tried calling, but they didn't answer.
"Your dog died." "Ha, yeah, very funny."
I'll just say it once: there isn't and there's not going to be anything between us.
I need a little time.
I'm sure he'll leave early.
I'm sure she'll leave early.
We had an agreement. You broke it.
What did I tell you about eating over the keyboard?
Look at all the trash in this house!
Not knowing what to do, I called her.
Do you have some bread? I'm going to feed the pigeons.
There's a bait shop in my neighborhood.
Sometimes I wish I had a different religion.
I like to feed the pigeons.
Never had I seen such a mess.
Why do you say one thing, and then go and do another?
"Has anybody phoned the police?" "I have."
I have everything under control.
I'm just a little bored.
Who's ready for more?
Very noisy, this boy.
It's important that I be informed immediately.
Didn't you know that oil floats on water?
She doesn't eat meat, does she?
Sooner or later, we'll do it.
They sent Lucy to prison for ten years.
I'll find friends wherever I go.
Where I am doesn't matter.
What would you do if you had one year free?
Sandra I like, but her children I can't stand.
Our marriage has come to an end.
She looked at me and said, "This is my vendetta".
She gave me a wonderful smile.
They elected her president.
Don't ask me for forgiveness. What's been done has been done.
There's a bit of a wind today.
We kissed each other.
Relationships involve compromise.
He doesn't want to talk to me now, and I don't know why.
She doesn't want to talk to me now, and I don't know why.
The garbage disposal is very loud.
You were right, he doesn't live in Rio.
You were right, she doesn't live in Rio.
It's gotten dark. Please turn on the light for me.
His wooden instruments were primitive even for his time.
Are you going to help us or not?
If we know his face, we owe it to himself who left us his self-portrait.
Give me back the TV remote.
He led the defense of Ostyn castle, besieged by the Teutonic knights.
I had been making the same mistake all my life.
There's a parrot in the birdcage.
Do you know what I'm going to do? Nothing.
This is the last time I'm going to remind you.
Things change from time to time, and one should change with them.
Go to your room now!
The medicine only works on men.
I don't leave the doors open, because there are animals in my neighborhood.
Men know nothing about women.
Come and tell me in my room.
They'll tell me in my room.
Open the door before the dog gets here!
We have a very serious problem.
I'm still mad at her.
I know a very good way to get it done.
I want to buy myself a garbage disposal.
When the last customer leaves, we close the doors.
I never thought that about you.
I didn't think it would be that much.
I'm scared too, so I'm not going to go.
How do you know that it's his?
It's the first thing that my father wrote.
The growing power of the new mercantile aristocracy was beginning to displace the medieval nobility's control.
Do what you want.
It's very hard to play Vivaldi's bassoon concerto on the saxophone.
Tonight, a local composer will debut a symphony of his own.
You have only one chance to answer correctly.
This waltz's melody always hypnotizes me.
All that was left to our country were regrets and miseries.
The wishes and ideas of a composer gravitate around a common point.
Can you start again from bar thirty?
All arts' aim is no other than entertainment.
The sun reigns in the center of all.
This relation between the Sun and planetary motion is not an odd and inexplicable coincidence.
Many tried to carry out the deed of the intrepid mountaineer.
He built an exact replica of Notre Dame Cathedral.
The creatures he thought of looked like flying vomit to everyone else.
The player made a bad move, and now the scoreboard is once more against him.
The composer of this work is the same who wrote the Slavonic March.
Investigation on those organisms will give new lights on the quest for new medicines.
Suspenders make my personality.
It's not about believing or not, it's a fact.
You can not solve your doubts until you face the culprit.
The country bore the yoke of tyranny for two decades.
People tend to interrupt me because I speak too slowly.
She arrogantly answered in my place.
I can't believe you quit playing harp.
Name is but the guest of reality.
The author didn't think his novel would give place to so many interpretations.
Once more, the fundamentalist ideologies oppose to the great historical advances.
It's not enough to pray, it's not enough to dream. Not until someone takes control by getting a grip on reality.
Dreaming of lightning is a bad omen.
Where, Sir, are you going to?
The raven is regarded a bird of bad omen.
Just don't push me into the pool before I change clothes.
It is apparently fine to think that I might occupy the throne.
Dreaming with honey is very different than dreaming with bees.
Alas! You do not know me, Sir.
When I was small, I had a golden hamster.
He sat and listened to the radio.
On the contrary, I think it may turn out that this rugged mountain range trails off at some point.
A kiss without a mustache is like a bowl of soup with no salt.
He was knee-deep in snow.
His car was stuck in knee-deep snow.
What are the most difficult things to draw?
Fat people are hard to kidnap.
If only the physician wouldn’t eat his food in one gulp like that.
This photograph always reminds me of my father.
I'll call you when I arrive home!
It was not my flight and I am fine.
Please say a prayer for those who were onboard.
I immediately gasped.
Don't tell your father you want to become a clown.
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.
Everything posted must be free, legal, and appropriate for all ages.
He refused to sign the documents.
Documents relating to his private life were stolen in the burglary.
A secret policy document was leaked to the newspapers.
Regarding humankind...
It is a representation of the man-made channels of a river that has dried up.
Might it happen to be a large symbolic grove of trees?
Purportedly by means of the value derived from all the varied attributes of humanity.
It being hard to believe, after allegedly trying to go back to repeatedly inspiring fear using rag-tag groups of suspicious-looking clowns, despite resistance.
A constellation shines.
Bring pizza and beer!
A set of benefits is in effect.
A river flows.
The river once flowed.
The constellation once shone.
A set of benefits was once in effect.
420,000 Chileans are regular users of couple meeting online sites.
The man sees what he thinks is a young girl.
The man is imagining he sees a young girl.
The Minister of energy will refer to yesterday's blackout.
The path through the canyon seems steep.
The group of clowns begin stumbling as they ran.
The orchestra is playing.
There is no form of prose more difficult to understand and more tedious to read than the average scientific paper.
We went to the zoo and then saw a Roman bath and a Roman fort in Southern Cumbria.
I'm glad to have had a great day with Luke yesterday after two very stressful days.
Dogs can't speak, but it appeared as if the eyes of the dog said, "No, I don't have a home."
I hope you'll find what I'm searching for.
So I stopped reading.
Thirty Vietnamese kids swim every day in order to go to their school.
The Norman's guard is impassable.
In spite of the controversy it aroused, the question still remains open.
The sun is the torch, the lamp of the universe; if it is situated in the central region it's because this is the best place to illuminate the planets.
The most decisive event of his life was going to happen there.
Get out of the bathroom once and for all!
Could you wrap them up separately?
This shirt needs to be ironed.
The housekeeper interrupted the conversation.
They paid separately.
I don't want to cook.
I don't have time to cook.
Cooking at home is healthier than eating out at a restaurant.
What's your favorite fast-food restaurant?
What's your favourite fast-food restaurant?
What is your favorite fast-food restaurant?
What is your favourite fast-food restaurant?
I've never been to Argentina.
Fast food can be addictive.
The most important figure of mathematics of the nineteenth century is, undoubtedly, Gauss.
He is not the best mathematician of all Germany, but of the whole world.
Where is the ice cream man?
Have you got the money?
I won't give you one red cent.
You're under arrest.
You owe me one real.
I swear I'll shoot you.
I like challenges.
You're the man.
I'll get all the credit.
There are no drugs here.
I know nothing about women.
I want a vanilla ice cream.
I like strawberry ice cream.
We don't have Neapolitan ice cream.
Let's call for backup.
A country with no whorehouse is not a country.
The chief's gonna kill me.
I'll give you a little tip.
The police didn't get the right guy.
Look around you.
As l was saying, I won't do anything.
Honey, I'm still busy.
"Why do people have to pay for good sex at this point in time?" "Because there is no adult entertainment."
You do the kitchen.
If I want to have sex in my seventies, I have the right that a place exists to provide me that pleasure.
Is it ethical to give him the interview questions in advance?
She awaited her husband with the house so tidy that the flies would have heart attacks.
Oh, you seem to have mistaken me for somebody who gives a shit!
I don't have the option to send you plans.
Welcome to my life.
It won't let me ask you.
She interrogated me in an inquiring tone.
I like your eyes!
I'm a native Chilean, and proud Spanish speaker.
Don't faint! Not until you sign the contract.
A discreet homage to the accident victims was carried out yesterday.
It wasn't very smart to buy so many tuna cans, since I have no can-opener.
Are there still enough chairs for everyone?
We waited a long time, but she didn't show up.
I like bright colors.
He is working in AIDS research.
He doesn't like sports. Me neither.
I love you more than he loves you.
I see the boy.
The ship will stop in Yokohama.
She explained her ideas with images.
Father and mother together are called parents.
He doesn't get along with her father.
He broke his promise.
Because I didn't hear from him, I wrote to him again.
Her mother went to the United States to learn English.
He is a man whose heart is filled with hope.
I find him extremely intelligent.
I don't have the money to buy that book.
How often do the buses come?
I don't understand what's bothering you.
Get a life.
May Balrogs eat you.
Your hair is pretty.
Hail!
I'm drowning!
Stand aside, mortals.
What goes up must come down.
Farewell!
May you have a lovely day.
Greetings!
Hail, guildbrother.
Hail, guildsister.
Hail, friend.
Hail, friends.
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator.
Important geometric figures, that are triangle, square, rectangle, circle, parallelogram and trapeze.
Grass doesn't grow faster if you pull it.
Grass doesn't grow faster if you shoot it.
It is only you who want it.
Only love can break your heart.
He pretends to be deaf.
I prefer to die than to do that.
We will teach him to read and write.
I'm not hiding.
An offside... No! We did it-!
What's the next station?
I would voluntarily help you, but I'm occupied at the moment.
I have a great life.
I read a lot of modern authors.
It is difficult to say which vehicle is more beautiful.
Life isn't fair.
I don't like tea, in general I have coffee with my breakfast.
He entered through the window.
This Sunday is Mother's Day in Spain.
Is he coming home at six o'clock?
What was it like?
I may not know a lot, but I do know that Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
The girl is drinking tea.
Excuse me, please. I didn't understand that. Can you maybe translate it into one of the following languages?
He speaks a little English.
It is there.
Many greetings.
Rise for the entrance of the Grand Council!
I am happy to see you again.
I eat with my hands.
Is there gas inside the car?
Which is the route to Paris?
Is Paris far away?
I don't know what is that "visual memory" about.
What effects would planetary alignment have?
The doctor sent the live patient to the morgue.
If you rest, you will be back on your feet again soon.
This is just the beginning of what you are seeing in this subject.
Latin American novels are characterized by their contrast.
The teaching of humanities in Chile leaves much to be desired.
The application allows you to quickly calculate the ratio of body mass index - BMI.
The result is calculated according to general reading table created by World Health Organization (WHO) - the same for male and female regardless the age.
BMI categories (underweight, overweight or obese) from general reading table are inappropriate for athletes, children, the elderly, and the infirm.
To change the units from metric to imperial and vice versa, the 'menu' button must be clicked.
Any comments are welcome.
The little mermaid sighed and looked sadly at her fish tail.
The more you study, the more you know.
It's forbidden to make the dogs pee.
It is forbidden to make the dogs pee.
That is why I am not an avid bike rider.
I believe that we do not need to limit these suffixes now.
I'm trying to break the password of this file.
Sleeping with the television on is not good for the brain.
I love it!
Our flat has five rooms.
Now it's his turn.
Now it's her turn.
You're German, aren't you?
You're German, right?
This is my old bike.
Business is business!
November is nearer and nearer!
They're about to return!
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
I study psychology.
Did you attend this concert?
Now apologize.
We didn't argue!
Gold is the king of kings.
I don't feel comfortable posing in the nude.
Ready for November?
I will not eat ice cream.
Kill everybody, God will recognize his ones.
I know two too many ways to weigh that way.
I'll introduce you my brother.
While backing up, I bumped into another car and set off its alarm.
When does your plane depart?
Are you saying that I don't have a brain?
Save water, drink booze.
Whoever lost a bag with a glucose meter inside, contact this address.
This CD costs ten dollars.
Don't touch the container with the forbidden flies.
Tofu goes well with sake.
He is the law.
I'll leave this place trying not to knock anything down.
He severely criticized the mayor.
Forget the last line.
Those animals' behavior is absurd.
Training flies sounds very fun.
Entomology isn't just the study of flies' flight!
He's the black sheep of the family.
It's difficult to help people who don't want your help.
I wrote last week to Mr. Wood and I asked him to give you a job on the farm.
There are many of those who love people; those who know people are few.
He's sure that he'll win the game.
The fundamental problem is that in the modern world the foolish are completely sure of themselves, while the smart are full of doubt.
Digital technology for language-learning is being slowly but surely set up.
He's sure that he'll pass the next exam.
Our school has accepted three Americans as exchange students.
There was a Persian cat sleeping on the table.
He had a headache.
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.
His hairdo's out of style.
I sat down and opened my laptop.
All people are good at the bottom of their hearts.
The sword can be used to protect the body.
Women have beauty, but do books not also have beauty?
Remember, remember, the Fifth of November.
Tofu goes well with good sake.
More than half of the residents are opposed to the plan.
My favorite pizza is Pizza Hawaii.
This is the house I lived in when I was young.
One must wait for the residuals to converge before being able to use the simulation's results.
The coffee is bitter.
I went around Hokkaido by bike this summer.
Show me your papers!
In Esperanto the final o is a word that means: which is.
I wasn't drunk.
My home is your home.
Junko is a beautiful girl.
The capital city of Serbia is Belgrade.
Absorbing information on the internet is like drinking water from a fire hydrant.
The jury's still out regarding the health effects posed by cell phone use.
Any night the sun can come out.
They looked and tasted like shrimps, but I can assure you those were not real shrimps.
There are more things than what reason can understand.
You really have a severe myopia.
The three major monotheistic religions are Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
The colour fuchsia is called after a flower.
Again, it's not a musical, it's an operetta!
The three big monotheistic religions are Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
We'll return to the details of this problem later.
I haven't agreed to give all the details.
We are learning Arabic.
Nobody lives forever.
The king overturned the death sentence of a woman condemned for driving.
I'll require a group of experts for this company.
The bodies were tied by their feet and hands.
No matter what you're studying, I think it's best to study a little every day.
How can I change your mind?
I came out satisfied from my visit to the doctor.
What are my grandparents doing?
I don't consider my myopia as an impediment.
I can't walk anymore, Dad! Carry me, please!
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Could you give me a piggyback ride?
Daddy, I can't walk any more. Carry me.
You just realised how awesome I am!
So, do you get it?
The thief ran quickly.
Look on their wall.
Things are getting a little more cryptic!
Where did Joe go?
This is getting hard.
I'm so lost.
Is the entry form not working or is my Internet connection not working right?
I just did a test and it's a bit slow but working fine.
Which browser are you using?
I got it down to one today!
I am going to kill you!
I might have an accident!
Well, you have a man.
I wish I had this problem.
Europe has more culture!
But I'll get used to being blonde again.
You can always change it.
Therefore I have written an account of what happened for your information.
I went way too blonde.
Take more time off!
All this talk of Egypt today makes me want to go there.
Damn you!
For you, who is the most annoying one?
What I want to know are the facts.
If I change key, I can't hold the pitch. It's better if we go with the original key, and I sometimes sing an octave lower.
His friend's cold shoulder caused him heartache.
All quiet on the Western Front.
He was in charge of maintenance at the chocolate factory.
It's a puppy mill, not a proper breeding place.
I'll give you a letter for your doctor.
It's not difficult. It's just a matter of knowing how to do it.
The problem is that we have no money.
He isn't able to drive a car.
We all want a new car or a new phone.
I don't have time to waste.
I don't have time to lose.
Your death is my life.
Luck has been on my side in this competition.
Did you speak with him about your projects?
She thinks about her next trip.
He thinks about his next trip.
He thinks about her next trip.
She thinks about his next trip.
There's food in the fridge.
Which are the prime numbers?
I will penalize you if you do not observe these regulations.
If you do not observe these regulations, you will be penalized by me.
If you do not observe these regulations, you will be penalized.
Failure to observe these regulations will result in penalties.
You're a wrongdoer.
His courage contributed to the victory.
The evil of the world has to be extirpated.
Today is a day full of joy.
All voices were extinguished in the climax.
Mom is always right.
His death marks the end of a chapter in our history.
You must continue to study.
You have to continue to study.
Stop saying where you're located!
He seems young, but he's actually over 40 years old.
Rather than be reach and submit to others, I would be poor and follow my own inclinations.
About half of Canada’s ice shelves have disappeared in the last six years.
My legs are weak.
She is my mistress!
The two lovers who eloped were crucified.
It's a detail.
They blocked it.
They blocked her.
The crime of adultery was abolished in 1947.
Learn Italian.
He never wanted to help his mates.
You know I want to know it.
There's a lot of nature there: a mountain range, a small river, and a great forest.
We'll let you all know once it's up and running.
Try to listen to serious things.
The second lesson is very easy.
I hate Sundays.
Bring on the long weekend!
Enter here!
It looks consequently bigger.
Suddenly, it looks bigger.
All those are mere lucubrations.
The council held a meeting to analyse the rescheduling.
The actions of the opposing party have been nothing but provocations.
It's a good idea, but tell that to nature.
Those memory molecules are the antibodies.
If you go into the forest, watch out for the man-eating ogres!
They sound so similar it's not easy to distinguish them.
Nothing indicates that there's going to be something done about it.
All that junk is not going to put you out of the mess.
That degree is not going to take you anywhere.
Is there anyone you can trust in this cold place?
He is strange, and I don't like strange people.
Was there a book on the desk a moment ago?
I just woke up.
Father, What were you just doing?
I was showering a moment ago.
I was drinking milk a moment ago.
If one day you leave, I will be very sad.
Ronnie James Dio's death made me very sad.
I am very sad.
Sooner or later, I'll have no one left to turn to.
When we are very sad, we will cry.
His request is very reasonable.
The wise teacher knew about the sap.
You don't have to fear magic.
When the king came in, the choir began intoning praises.
Before I met you, I never felt this way.
I ran into Ken at the park.
Roulette is a game of chance.
I won't have it good with this bet.
The roulette is not only about luck.
The meeting will end tomorrow.
It's neither one or the other, but all the opposite.
Percussion gives a nice touch to the melody.
This knife is not sharp enough.
Tom takes the bus to the city.
Tom is on the bus to the city.
Don't you have anything better to do than coming here and complain?
You can't appreciate the flies in all their glory.
Our talk about the sexuality of flies could offend some people.
I'm not exempt of the sufferings we've been subjected to.
The scores are standardized.
I could only feel how the knife buried in my back.
Now money begins to end, now it ends to begin.
We decided that the report is false.
Our escape was nothing short of a miracle.
She could feel her knees shaking.
I could feel nothing but the knife as it plunged into my back.
It's a bit too late for praying.
Politics is the art of making possible that which is necessary.
He doesn't have the necessary skills for that job.
He doesn't have the necessary skills for that task.
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.
She hardly speaks English.
Almost no one believes her.
I don't dare ask the boss to borrow the car.
To begin, it is necessary that you get up early.
He has to check his blood pressure daily.
You don't have to do that.
One must follow the rules.
Sleep is no less essential to one's health than food.
Don't give a child more money than is necessary.
Today's low was 3 degrees.
You don't have to study theology to be a believer.
The law punishes.
I promise that this discussion will be the last of its kind.
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.
I'm sorry, you seem to have misdialed the phone.
I feel dead.
I walked about 1 mile.
You've gained weight, haven't you?
According to the weather forecast, it is going to rain tomorrow.
He is among the ten most popular on the planet.
See you at school.
I've heard it before.
I'm not hungry right now.
Mr. Mailer will stay here until tomorrow.
The doctor advised Mr. White not to smoke a lot.
If you see Mr. Long, please don't forget to ask him how his wife's doing.
Four plus eighteen is twenty-two.
To err is human. To blame somebody else for your errors is even more human.
A democrat is, at the end of the day, one who admits that an opponent can be right, and therefore lets them express themselves and allows for reflection upon their arguments. When parties or men feel sufficiently persuaded by their own arguments that they allow the silencing of those that contradict them by means of violence, that isn't democracy.
Marriage is a dinner that begins with dessert.
The shepherd always tries to persuade his flock that its interests and his own are one and the same.
His memory never ceases to astonish me.
I'd like to have a better memory.
He was immersed in the puzzle.
All taxpayers have the right to know where their money goes.
You wouldn't accept candy from a stranger.
People around here just don't understand the orange shirts.
It seems you enjoy travelling the world.
Is there any other size?
He is a happy boy!
Anyone wanna come around?
When are you coming to Melbourne again?
I'm a cool kid.
His statement doesn't leave room for any doubt.
There is no solution.
This is some type of watermelon.
We don't forget.
We do not forget.
A dolphin is a mammal species.
Anger is a type of madness.
A mother put a large vase on the shelf.
She doesn't have any evil thoughts.
She doesn't think about any kind of evil.
If someone were to ask, what is the point of this story, I really wouldn't know it.
Does anyone have any questions thus far?
Can someone accept that phone call?
Can someone get that call?
If anyone comes to see me, tell him that I went out.
If anyone comes to see me, say that I went out.
Has anyone solved that mystery?
Can someone respond to my question?
If anyone is capable of doing it, Bill can.
If anyone can do it Bill can.
These days anyone can get themself books.
Is there someone who speaks English?
We are always in some kind of danger.
Is there a letter for me?
I love him more than any other boy.
Can someone open the door please?
Can somebody open the door please?
I wasn't aware that someone was watching me.
I didn't know that someone was watching me.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him for it.
Samuel helps anyone who asks him.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him.
You should always crave for Chinese food.
I'm better than you.
I am better than you.
Can I stay here to eat something?
I think that he's right.
Water and oil are fluids.
Go with the finger!
Can you come at 9?
Eat everything you wish.
It's not that easy.
I eat fruit and drink water.
So I'm not the only one who had this problem.
We thought it was absurd that you got punished.
I thought it was absurd that you got punished.
What do we draw?
We slept until half past 7.
Although most of us think of the brain as a single structure, it is actually divided into two hemispheres.
How sad the first thing I noticed was your cute shirt!
And the view isn't too bad either.
Well, the shirt is very cute.
Make sure you spill all your food and act inappropriately, so it seems like I'm there!
Geometry is a mathematical science concerned with the study and measurement of lines, angles and curves, and with the shapes which are formed when several lines are joined together.
My grandfather can't walk without his cane.
This box is too heavy for me to carry.
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.
Help him with French.
This box is very heavy, so I can't carry it.
The dog is still alive.
We've found a dead dog in the garden.
Is the snake alive?
There are many cockroaches in the kitchen.
"What are you thinking about?" "I'm thinking about you."
Is his father alive?
I'm thinking about a chemistry problem.
I never dream. Is that normal?
Yawning in a meeting is not polite.
Come and look at this!
Please, get in, sir.
François, is this yours?
Marc, do you want the ketchup?
Pass me the ketchup, please.
Don't touch the pot!
Have you seen my coat?
Why are you giving me money? That's not normal.
Everybody knows you're more intelligent than she is.
I'm a child, I need love!
This novel isn't as good as his last one.
I need help with these boxes.
My son loves rockets.
Don't touch that! It's sharp!
Sometimes I need my father.
It's something I don't need.
I'd need a ladder to reach that.
I don't want to give you my money.
Do you want a glass of soda?
Few people have a typewriter.
Typewriters are so noisy.
Can you show us the house?
Put the disk in the computer.
My grandmother cannot see.
Put some paper into the copy machine.
There's a fire in my kitchen.
Quenya, a constructed language, was created by Tolkien.
Although there are wide variations in unemployment levels in different industries and in different parts of the country, every region is now being affected by the slow-down in the economy.
You've lost your marbles.
The children looked forward to the first snow that they might build a snowman.
Even in winter we don't have much snow.
Bob came home pretty late.
Have you been saved?
I've gone a long time without reading a book and I am ashamed.
People are too materialistic these days, in the vulgar, rather than the philosophical sense of the word.
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing end them?
I'd like to open a checking account.
I'm not obsessed with blaming you.
What makes us free is the money, not the law.
Are you going in his place or are you going to pick him up?
Don't touch that book.
I'm not after you.
It's very easy to get access to your private information.
May I see my girlfriend now?
Unless it's absolutely necessary, I don't use taxis.
You haven't quoted the paper correctly.
All life support systems have been severely damaged.
I can't leave home, even if only for a while.
I'm not serious.
How long can I borrow this book?
Whether a joke is found to be funny depends strongly on the culture.
I say Paul's book will be read.
The contract has been concluded.
I still remember his name.
I'm under a lot of pressure.
I will not allow you to use my pen.
I have a smelly girlfriend.
I wish I had a beautiful girlfriend.
I think my girlfriend is kind of cute.
Tom's new girlfriend is quite attractive.
I don't know why he's crying.
What kind of book do you want?
She opened her eyes.
You've been coming home early lately, haven't you?
You've been a great help.
You've been a great help to our family.
You still haven't told me why you quit your job.
You still haven't told me why you decided not to go.
You shouldn't put off getting married.
You need to get a new perspective.
You must realize that I can't help you.
You have to strike the iron while it's hot.
You can do it if you put your mind to it.
You are the most important person in my life.
Would you mind if I went home early?
Would you mind if I took a break?
Would you mind if I swam in your pool?
Would you mind if I drank the rest of the milk?
Would you mind if I ate a piece of this pie?
Would you like to go to the lake with us?
Would you consider this a good proposal?
Would you consider taking care of my children next Saturday?
Would you consider marrying me?
Would you consider giving me a small loan?
Would you be willing to write a letter for me?
Would you be willing to show me how to do that?
Would you be willing to share your code with me?
Would you be willing to send me a sample free of charge?
Would you be willing to help?
Would you be willing to help me clean the garage?
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my wife?
Would it be OK if I discussed it with my family?
Who's taking responsibility for this?
Who's taking responsibility for this problem?
Who's taking responsibility for this mess?
Who's taking responsibility for the loss?
Who did you go with?
Where did you go?
What's this all about?
What sort of father do you think you'll be?
What makes you happy?
What kind of woman do you think I am?
What kind of person do you think I am?
What kind of man do you think I am?
What did you want to talk with me about?
What are you saying?
What are you crying for?
We've all been laid off.
We're counting on you to help.
We were thinking of asking you to join our company.
We should have gotten married.
This may be your last chance.
This is the book I want to read.
This is the book I want to give my mother.
This is the book I want to buy.
They announced that they were planning to live in Boston.
They announced that they were going to have a party.
They announced that they were getting a divorce.
There's one thing that is bothering me.
There is a possibility that we won't have to shut down the factory.
The guy who hit you is at the front door.
That's a relief.
Since I've never eaten here before, I don't know what to recommend.
Since I'm here, let me help you.
Should I go or would you like me to stay?
She took her ring off and threw it at him.
She promised not to tell anyone.
Please don't overdo it.
Please don't die.
People with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms should be careful about what they eat.
Our kids are all tucked in. Now we can kick back and relax.
Now that you've decided to quit your job, you look happy.
My son isn't the only one who enjoys eating her cooking.
May I ask you to help me with something?
Let's play dodge ball.
Let's go ahead and eat.
Let's get the party going.
Let's get married.
Let's get divorced.
Let's do our best again today.
Let's dance.
Let me know what you find out.
Let me introduce you to a new way of doing that.
Let me introduce you to a good dentist.
Let me go and buy some bread.
It's unusual for you to do something like that.
It's time for us to go.
It's time for a break.
It's my dream to have a son who'll take over my business when I retire.
It's crowded today.
It's crowded again today.
It's almost time.
It's almost time to go.
It's almost time to get started.
It's a miracle that you were able to survive.
It would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains.
It would be nice to have a party.
It would be nice to get married.
It was not my intention to hurt your feelings.
It was crowded here all last week.
It turned out not to be so easy to live with him.
It never occurred to me that I might get arrested.
It never occurred to me that I might be wrong.
It never occurred to me that I might be fired.
It certainly feels like it's going to rain.
If you guys aren't doing anything later, why don't you come over for a cup of coffee?
If you do your best, you're likely to succeed.
If there's anything I can do to help, please let me know.
I've been laid off.
I've been asked to quit the company.
I've been asked to play my clarinet at a charity event.
I've been asked to help out.
I've been asked to become the manager.
I'm not worried about money.
I'm not worried about losing my job.
I'm not qualified to do this job.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in a wedding dress.
I'm looking forward to seeing you dance.
I'll give it a try.
I'll do my very best not to disappoint you.
I'll be thinking of you every day while I'm away.
I'll be in touch.
I'll be counting on you to bring the drinks.
I'll be counting on you to bring a salad.
I'd like to thank you for coming today.
I'd like to introduce you to my wife.
I worry about whether I'll be a good father.
I wonder if I should talk to her about the problem.
I won't be getting married this year. In fact, I may never get married.
I won't be getting married this year.
I won't allow you to date my sister.
I wish I could've stayed longer.
I was thinking about you.
I was thinking about getting married.
I was thinking about getting a divorce.
I was thinking about buying a new camera.
I was thinking about asking her out.
I was really very happy.
I was happy to help you.
I was a fool for marrying someone like her.
I want to keep on living with him.
I thought you would say that.
I thought I'd prefer going by myself.
I think you should take vitamins.
I think you should swim.
I think you should stick to your training schedule.
I think you should go to college.
I think you should eat a ham sandwich.
I think you should drink some coffee.
I think the number of common-law marriages is on the rise.
I think I'd like to visit Boston someday.
I think I'd like to be your friend.
I think I'd like to be a teacher.
I think I'd like to be a better student.
I suggest we take the stairs.
I suggest we swim across the river.
I suggest we go out for a drink.
I suggest we eat just a little now, and then go out later.
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.
I really wanted to go.
I promised not to tell him.
I no longer wish to be your husband.
I no longer wish to be a part of this project.
I never want to see you get sick.
I never want to see you get in trouble.
I never thought I would find a woman like you.
I never thought I would enjoy living in the country.
I never liked that one anyway.
I need your cooperation.
I need to go to work.
I need to go home.
I need to go eat something.
I need to finish my homework.
I just wanted to listen to some music.
I just wanted to call you and let you know I'd be late.
I have some good news to share.
I have many friends I can talk to.
I have a lot of questions.
I had to stay in bed for a while.
I gave up my job.
I feel much better now.
I don't want to live in Boston.
I don't want to go back there.
I don't want to give up.
I didn't know how to do it, but I was willing to give it a try.
I deeply regret having caused the accident.
I can't swim.
I can't eat this kind of food.
I can't drink this stuff.
I apologize for coming by at such a late hour.
How're you holding up?
How was your trip?
How long did you stay there?
How about staying for dinner? I'm making a big pot of stew.
He was 12 years old when he came to live with us.
For a long time, I used to believe the same thing you do.
Does this mean that we have to file bankruptcy?
Do you have any idea when those pictures might have been taken?
Did you forget to do your homework?
Did you forget to buy eggs?
Did you forget something?
Aren't you the one who's always saying we should spend more time together?
Are you happy right now?
All I can say is that I'd rather not go.
After a little time off, I plan to go on another concert tour.
A very common type of elbow pain is known as "tennis elbow" in English.
A typhoon hit Tokyo on Wednesday with strong winds and heavy rains stopping public transportation.
"You're the kindest person I've ever met." "You say that to everyone."
"It's almost five." "What happens at five?" "You'll have to wait and see."
"I don't want to go." "It's your call."
Women chase crazy men; they flee from the wise ones as if they were poisonous beasts.
Cameras don't tend to capture reality.
This escapes my jurisdiction.
I'm overwhelmed with all this much work.
I don't want to work today.
I was fired.
You snooze, you lose.
Where do you think Tom is?
What Tom said was a lie.
What time do you think Tom will get home?
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
What do you think Tom's waist size is?
What do you think Tom's shoe size is?
Tom's lost a lot of blood, but he hasn't lost consciousness.
Tom wrote the report.
Tom wouldn't understand.
Tom wouldn't take my call.
Tom wouldn't say yes.
Tom wouldn't say that.
Tom wouldn't say no.
Tom wouldn't put it that way.
Tom wouldn't mind.
Tom wouldn't let it go.
Tom wouldn't know.
Tom wouldn't go out with Mary.
Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom wouldn't blame you.
Tom would say yes.
Tom would never wear a coat that looked like that.
Tom would like some coffee.
Tom worries too much.
Tom works with Mary.
Tom worked up an appetite.
Tom worked overtime.
Tom worked from dawn to dusk.
Tom won't let you go.
Tom won't let you down.
Tom won't let Mary go.
Tom won't get it.
Tom won't get away with this.
Tom won't get away with it.
Tom won't do that again.
Tom won't do such a thing.
Tom won't charge you a cent.
Tom won't bother you anymore.
Tom won't bite you.
Tom won a free trip to Boston.
Tom wishes you'd reconsider.
Tom wishes that were true.
Tom wishes he had a maid.
Tom wishes he could speak French.
Tom wishes he could fly.
Tom wishes for his son to inherit his estate.
Tom wished Mary good luck.
Tom wished he'd known about the party.
Tom wished he hadn't said that.
Tom wished he hadn't looked.
Tom wished he had studied harder.
Tom wiped the table.
Tom winked at Mary.
Tom will win this game.
Tom will survive.
Tom will make a good teacher.
Tom will let Mary decide.
Tom will keep you posted.
Tom will keep you informed.
Tom will be sorely missed.
Tom will be here soon.
Tom will be furious.
Tom will be all right.
Tom will always remember Mary.
Tom was not famous.
Tom went without eating for several days.
Tom went windsurfing.
Tom went window-shopping.
Tom went white-water rafting.
Tom went west.
Tom went too far.
Tom went to the theater with Mary.
Tom went to the park on Sunday afternoon.
Tom went to the movies every week.
Tom went to the horse races once last summer.
Tom went to the gym three days a week.
Tom went to the beach.
Tom went to Boston.
Tom went to an amusement park.
Tom went to a concert just the other day.
Tom went through the tunnel.
Tom went the wrong way.
Tom went sightseeing.
Tom went out for lunch.
Tom went on a date with Mary.
Tom went on a business trip last week.
Tom went into hypovolemic shock.
Tom went home angry.
Tom went hiking.
Tom went for a drive.
Tom went for a doctor.
Tom went for a bike ride.
Tom went food shopping.
Tom split the bill with Mary.
Tom went drinking almost every night.
Tom went downtown.
Tom went back to work.
Tom went back to sleep.
Tom went back to his office.
Tom weighs over 90 kilograms.
Tom watered the flowers.
Tom watches too much television.
Tom watched them carefully.
Tom wasn't the only one who showed up late.
Tom wasn't listening.
Tom wasn't expecting anybody.
Tom was wrong.
Tom was worn out.
Tom was very reliable.
Tom was very lucky.
Tom was very angry with Mary.
Tom was vacuuming the rug while Mary was mopping the kitchen floor.
Tom was up when Mary came home.
Tom was totally wasted.
Tom was told he had cancer just recently.
Tom was third in line.
Tom was terrified.
Tom was tall and handsome.
Tom was talking to himself.
Tom was taken to the hospital.
Tom was suspended from school.
Tom was suspected of murder.
Tom was stung by a bee.
Tom was stuck in traffic.
Tom was struck by lightning.
Tom was starving to death.
Tom was startled.
Tom was stabbed to death.
Tom was speechless.
Tom was somewhat doubtful.
Tom was soaked to the skin.
Tom was shocked.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said.
Tom was shivering with cold.
Tom was sentenced to life.
Tom was scared.
Tom was scared to death.
Tom was saved from drowning.
Tom was relieved to hear that.
Tom was really surprised.
Tom was really shocked.
Tom was really sad.
Tom was really impressed.
Tom was probably right.
Tom was out all day.
Tom was on TV last night.
Tom was offended by what Mary said.
Tom was not used to eating Japanese food.
Tom was my first boyfriend.
Tom was lured into a trap.
Tom was lost in thought.
Tom was killed by a suicide bomber.
Tom was kidnapped.
Tom was just being polite.
Tom was John's roommate.
Tom was John's cellmate.
Tom was in the shower.
Tom was in the bath when Mary arrived.
Tom was in an accident.
Tom was in a fight.
Tom was hurt.
Tom was hung up on Mary.
Tom was horrified.
Tom was hoping to see Mary.
Tom was hoping to get a kiss.
Tom was hoping that Mary would kiss him.
Tom was homesick.
Tom was here yesterday.
Tom was held hostage.
Tom was hard on Mary.
Tom was happy.
Tom was grounded for three weeks.
Tom was frightened.
Tom was freezing to death.
Tom was fast asleep.
Tom was embarrassed.
Tom was ecstatic.
Tom was dressed all in black.
Tom was disillusioned.
Tom was deeply moved by what Mary said.
Tom was deep in thought.
Tom was daydreaming.
Tom was confused.
Tom was completely helpless.
Tom was clearly not very happy.
Tom was chosen by lottery.
Tom was bitten by a mosquito.
Tom was being polite.
Tom was at the end of his rope.
Tom was astonished.
Tom was arrested for theft.
Tom was about to take a bath when the doorbell rang.
Tom was a little disappointed.
Tom wants to try this on.
Tom wants to try a new shampoo.
Tom wants to take a day off.
Tom wants to show you something.
Tom wants to see what's in the drawer.
Tom wants to pay later.
Tom wants to move to Boston.
Tom wants to marry Mary.
Tom wants to know your opinion.
Tom wants to know why.
Tom wants to go with you.
Tom wants to go to the beach.
Tom wants to file a complaint.
Tom wants to feed the birds in the park.
Tom wants to dye his hair.
Tom wants to do something.
Tom wants to dance.
Tom wants to cheer Mary up.
Tom wants to call his lawyer.
Tom wants to buy some books.
Tom wants to borrow your car.
Tom wants to become a fireman.
Tom wants to be your friend.
Tom wants to be near you.
Tom wants to be married to Mary.
Tom wants to be hugged.
Tom wants to be famous.
Tom wants to be a success.
Tom wants to ask Mary something.
Tom wants this room spotless.
Tom wants this one.
Tom wants this back as soon as you're finished with it.
Tom wants something different.
Tom wants some time to think about it.
Tom wants more coffee.
Tom wants a rematch.
Tom wants a microscope.
Tom wants a glass of water.
Tom wants a full explanation.
Tom wants a divorce.
Tom wants a detailed explanation.
Tom wanted to wash his hands.
Tom wanted to talk about something else.
Tom wanted to see Mary happy.
Tom wanted to make a change.
Tom wanted to confront Mary.
Tom wanted to buy it.
Tom walked through the town.
Tom walked out on Mary.
Tom walked out of the bar with a smile on his face.
Tom walked into Mary's house.
Tom walked in the door at just the right time.
Tom walked home.
Tom walked down the street.
Tom wakes up at the crack of dawn every day.
Tom waited outside the gate.
Tom waited on the platform.
Tom waited his turn.
Tom used up all his water.
Tom used up all his money.
Tom used up all his bullets.
Tom used to hate Boston.
Tom used to drink like a fish.
Tom used to be my boyfriend.
Tom unplugged the lamp.
Tom unplugged the iron.
Tom unlocked the safe.
Tom unlocked the front door.
Tom unlocked the drawer.
Tom unlocked the car door.
Tom understood it completely.
Tom twisted his ankle.
Tom turned the faucet on.
Tom turned the faucet off.
Tom turned the doorknob.
Tom turned on the TV.
Tom turned on the heater.
Tom turned on the faucet.
Tom turned on the car radio.
Tom turned off the TV.
Tom turned off the faucet.
Tom turned himself in.
Tom turned down the offer.
Tom turned down the flame.
Tom tucked in his shirt.
Tom tried to squeeze in between Mary and John.
Tom tried to reach Mary.
Tom tried to kiss Mary.
Tom tried to keep Mary warm.
Tom tried to keep it from Mary.
Tom tried to keep calm.
Tom treated Mary to dinner.
Tom took the wrong train.
Tom took the wrong bus.
Tom took the job.
Tom took some medicine.
Tom took some food home.
Tom took out the garbage.
Tom took notes during the meeting.
Tom took notes during class.
Tom took Mary to dinner.
Tom took Mary out to dinner.
Tom took Mary out for a drink.
Tom took Mary home.
Tom took his tie off.
Tom took a walk in the park.
Tom took a trip to Boston.
Tom took a shower.
Tom took a quick shower.
Tom took a nap for thirty minutes.
Tom took a day off.
Tom told them not to do that.
Tom told me that he was sorry.
Tom told me a lot about you.
Tom tipped the waiter.
Tom tipped the cab driver.
Tom tipped the bellboy.
Tom tied his dog to the tree.
Tom threw out the garbage.
Tom threw his back out.
Tom thought that he could count on Mary to do a good job.
Tom thought Mary was with John.
Tom thought Mary was very rude.
Tom thought Mary could beat John.
Tom thought it was unfair.
Tom thought it was strange.
Tom thought it was OK.
Tom thought I knew Mary.
Tom thought he would help out.
Tom thought he would be late.
Tom thought he was finished, but Mary told him that he wasn't.
Tom thought he was a goner.
Tom thinks you're lying.
Tom thinks you'll enjoy this.
Tom thinks there's hope.
Tom thinks the answer is yes.
Tom thinks the answer is no.
Tom thinks that's true.
Tom thinks that's strange.
Tom thinks that's ridiculous.
Tom thinks that's normal.
Tom thinks that's good enough.
Tom thinks that's crazy.
Tom thinks that'll work.
Tom thinks Mary is lying.
Tom thinks it's pretty good.
Tom thinks it's a waste of time.
Tom thinks his leg is broken.
Tom thinks he's in love.
Tom thinks he'll go shopping this afternoon.
Tom thinks beer is good for you.
Tom taught me how to play that song.
Tom tasted the food Mary had prepared.
Tom talked too much.
Tom talked me into it.
Tom talked me into going to church with him.
Tom talked in his sleep.
Tom takes good care of Mary.
Tom sure talks big.
Tom sure is lucky.
Tom sure can sing.
Tom sure can play tennis.
Tom suggested that we wait here.
Tom stuck a gun to Mary's head.
Tom stubbed his toe.
Tom stopped the engine.
Tom stood in line.
Tom stirred the soup.
Tom stinks at chemistry.
Tom still needs more training.
Tom still lives at home.
Tom still hasn't paid me.
Tom still doesn't understand.
Tom still doesn't trust Mary.
Tom stepped on Mary's foot.
Tom stayed up late.
Tom started crying.
Tom squeezed Mary's hand.
Tom split up with Mary.
Tom splashed water on his face.
Tom spent time with Mary.
Tom spent three years in prison.
Tom spent three weeks in Boston.
Tom speaks French fluently.
Tom sounds like a great guy.
Tom sounded surprised.
Tom sorted the mail.
Tom sorted his laundry.
Tom sobered up a bit.
Tom soaked in the bathtub.
Tom sliced the tomatoes.
Tom slept on the train.
Tom slept late.
Tom skipped lunch.
Tom signed his name with the pen Mary had given him.
Tom signed all the documents Mary's lawyer gave him.
Tom says he understands how you feel.
Tom says he understands how Mary feels.
Tom said he'd pay for the entire thing.
Tom said he wouldn't let it happen again.
Tom said he was planning to get smashed tonight.
Tom said he was going to try out for his school soccer team.
Tom said he wanted to watch a little TV.
Tom said he hated this book.
Tom punched Mary in the face.
Tom played guitar for nearly an hour.
Tom often suffers from headaches.
Tom is thinking about moving to Boston.
Tom is the type of person who always smiles.
Tom is taking the day off today.
Tom is really good at math.
Tom is quite a talker.
Tom is probably right.
Tom is just like me.
Tom is fluent in French.
Tom is always postponing things.
Tom inherited all of his father's property.
Tom has started losing his hair.
Tom has recently been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis.
Tom fell asleep on the bus and missed his stop.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
Tom doesn't always wear sunscreen.
Tom definitely knows what Mary wants him to do.
Tom cooks with gas.
Tom concealed evidence.
Tom came over to my place at 2:30.
Tom bumped into Mary this morning on his way to school.
Tom brushed his hair.
Tom brushed a bit of dirt off of his hat.
Tom broke into Mary's house and stole her pearl necklace.
Tom asked for directions.
Tom and Mary talked about many things.
Tom and Mary have started respecting each other.
Tom and Mary bumped into each other yesterday afternoon in the library.
Tom and Mary both wanted to be astronauts.
Tom always seems to be between jobs.
The doctor told Tom to reduce his red meat consumption.
The doctor told Tom to lower the amount of red meat that he ate.
The doctor told Tom that he needed to lose some weight.
That was the last time I visited Tom.
Mary took maternity leave.
It's possible that Tom lied to you.
It's possible that Tom isn't telling the truth.
I'm not worried about Tom.
I'm glad Tom was there with me.
I thought Tom was sleeping.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will take Mary to the party.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will swim.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will go bowling.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will eat the sandwich you made for him.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will drink any beer.
I don't think that Tom realizes how rude he's being.
How young do you think Tom is?
How tall do you think Tom is?
How old do you think Tom is?
How much money do you think Tom makes?
How much do you think Tom weighs?
How much coffee do you think Tom drinks every day?
He told me his name was Tom.
Do you have any idea where Tom might have put his camera?
Do you have any idea what Tom is talking about?
Keep the meter running.
Poor sap. He can't tell when he's being taken advantage of.
Whatever can go wrong will go wrong.
Here, let me take a stab at it.
It's his word against hers.
The police executed a search warrant on my brother's apartment.
One size fits all.
We think a disgruntled employee was the one who planted the bomb.
There are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country.
Food prices are at their highest level since the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization began keeping records in 1990.
Prices have reached a 13-year high.
Coffee prices have jumped almost 50% in six months.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
During hard times, people might not go on a trip, but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee.
Greater demand for high-quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher.
Activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product’s safety.
Opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops.
People around the world are getting fatter.
A study found that almost 10% of men were obese in 2008. That was up from about 5% in 1980.
A person with a BMI of 25 to 29 is considered overweight.
Last year, the company was sold to private investors.
The World Health Organization says alcohol abuse is the third leading cause of death and disability in the world.
There are four main causes of alcohol-related death. Injury from car accidents or violence is one. Diseases like cirrhosis of the liver, cancer, heart and blood system diseases are the others.
The WHO has a plan to reduce the harmful use of alcohol. It includes raising taxes on alcohol, reducing the number of places to buy alcohol and raising the drinking age. Officials say other measures include effective drunk driving laws and banning some alcohol advertising.
A carbon footprint is the amount of carbon dioxide pollution that we produce as a result of our activities. Some people try to reduce their carbon footprint because they are concerned about climate change.
Translate and shut up!
Apparently my bare feet bothered him more than anything else.
I think I'll snooze for a while.
Tom rolled over and snoozed for another 15 minutes.
Tom snoozed quietly in front of the TV.
Tom usually takes a short snooze after lunch.
The concert was a success.
I still have dates available in October for home parties.
Send me a message or give me a call if you're interested.
It's her word against his.
Today, I met my new philosophy teacher.
The Armenian Genocide left a total of one million and five hundred thousand deaths, including men, women and children.
I don't know what to do tonight!
I don't know what to do this evening!
You can't have a masterpiece without failures.
Try samba!
You guys are Swedish.
Nobody has ever done that.
Summer is coming soon!
Denmark has introduced the world's first fat tax.
Stone is heavy on its own turf.
Today isn't my lucky day!
Today is not my lucky day!
Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, was martyred in Karbala in the year 680.
Which book do you need?
He said something to my friend.
The shorter the proverb, the more questions.
In a court of fowls, the cockroach never wins his case.
Compulsory military service exists in Turkey.
Those who live in houses made of glass mustn't throw stones at the houses of other people.
In the sixteenth century Turkish and Spanish pirates often encountered in Mediterranean Sea.
Don't provoke that wasp.
Do not provoke that wasp.
Explode, swine!
There's an allusion to one of Debussy's works in that song.
Those who can't read Italian should get someone to translate what I wrote and then read it.
I want to go to Sweden.
The tans will fade, but the memories will last forever.
The seed of revolution is repression.
Remember you still have my confidence.
My speakers are kid toys compared to yours.
No other contestant has obtained such a remarkable achievement.
I remember having heard a similar sound in my dreams.
Man can be subdued through fear.
The curves of her lips possess something magic.
There's something magic about the nightfall.
Every man in the kingdom fell under the spell of her look.
You should carry out your promises.
You should deliver on your promises.
It is estimated that a great part of his inventions would remain unknown to the date.
Every right comes in hand with a duty.
Please shine those shoes.
This video illustrates the effects of war in the nations.
He thought his piano would make a good coffin for him.
"Chef" is designed to make programs look like cooking recipes.
Magic and monsters are products of the imagination.
Can you imagine Babel's splendor?
I can't imagine a world without electricity.
Only an audacious mind will be able to solve this riddle.
She daringly superimposed herself over all of her persecutors.
His plans are a riddle.
The bold knight didn't hesitate at the time to go onto the offensive.
I can't imagine a future with no electricity.
Help me stand up.
Invaluable jewels disappeared from the museum.
Who would have thought the wasabi alarm would turn out possible?
Is not a coincidence that all the stores closed earlier today.
No systematical study in economy assumes solidarity.
He gave a deafening cry.
Thousands of supporting cries could be heard from the stands.
At least he's a consistent artist: all of his works are bad in my eyes.
That moving moment was captured in video.
What is the opinion of a cultured, secular and sincere man?
I hope the interview would be of profit.
She doesn't have to say a word to make me intrigued.
In the most thrilling moment, everyone looked very tense.
His way of speaking intrigues me.
The master of thriller has left the scenario forever.
If you go too close, you run the risk of being electrocuted.
It's not silly, but it's ridiculous.
Being told an idiot is much worse than being called dumb.
A formal demonstration of Peter's principle would be a hit to the corporativist structures of many countries.
He committed a series of unforgivable crimes.
His credibility is so low that, if he says something is green, the chance that it is not is almost a certainty.
It's no wonder that his proposition was refuted so soon.
For him, his principles were irrefutable.
A fact is, essentially, irrefutable.
If "every rule has at least one exception" is a rule, then at least one rule has no exception.
You can swim, but I can't.
You shouldn't underestimate a good colleague.
The mere existence of infiniteness in the universe would bring about endless contradictions.
There is a swan in the water there.
I am surprised by a lot of the things he does.
It has been confirmed.
How is that possible?
What are you doing on your night off?
I'd like to do more.
I would like to do more.
I leave for Bruxelles in one hour.
Rain has cleared up in the city.
I don't get the meaning of all of this.
Have a great weekend.
You go there without me.
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
Why is Latin important for the life of a person?
Yesterday we interviewed some tourists from all over the world.
This document must not undergo later modifications.
It's evident that the photographs have been modified.
Today a law was enacted which allows abortion.
You do well in spreading your discoverings.
His declarations show him as a man of prejudices.
Your declarations reflect your intolerance.
Thank you to everyone who has been a part of my life here in the UK.
I will be taking a lot of memories with me that will never be forgotten.
Let's just say when that massive fire log hit my foot I know there was damage.
A new year always brings hope.
I eat a banana.
Come and sit by me.
She wrote a book about the visitors.
There are several irregularities in the nitrogen cycle.
I didn't pay attention to him.
I'll do any kind of work.
Carnot machines work according to cycles of compression and expansion.
Life's nature is cyclic.
I've bought me a pair of shoes.
She has been a photographer all weekend.
I speak Portuguese fluently.
You know you've hit the big time when you get parodied on The Simpsons.
Our education system needs to be seriously revamped.
The digital revolution is paving the way towards strikingly new forms of social relationships.
What time do you usually eat breakfast?
You should fulfill your promises.
You should make good on your promises.
Tom is a confirmed bachelor.
Annihilation gives birth to my rebirth.
Liliana is a girl's name and its diminutive is usually Lili, but sometimes Iana is used, Iana being the last part of the name.
With the introduction in Romania of Valentine's Day, now we have two celebrations of love on February 14th and 24th.
I want to follow you wherever you're going.
We care about their safety.
You can't judge a person based on clothing.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
I asked her if he liked Chinese food.
Can you answer this?
Check out what I've been up to.
Skiing on fresh snow is very fun.
Headlines are supposed to grab the reader's interest.
What contemporary authors do you like?
Tom says he can make a decent living as a sidewalk musician.
Recently, many people are finding it hard to make a decent living.
Since Tom couldn't make a decent living as a nightclub musician, he had to get a day job.
If farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts, they will try growing other crops.
Most teachers don't make a decent living considering the hours they have to work.
Have a lovely day!
Tom has a decent salary.
Tom couldn't find anyplace decent to rent.
Tom couldn't find a decent job in Boston, so he moved to Chicago.
Tom said there were no decent restaurants in his neighborhood.
Tom is a decent sort of guy.
If you want your workers to be happy, you need to pay them a decent wage.
Watch him at work in this video.
I'm surprised by her lack of responsability.
There is a little sugar in the bag.
Did you know that men can get breast cancer?
He escaped from prison thirty years ago and has been on the lam ever since.
Japan is here!
Put away the bread.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
This morning the teacher got very angry with me.
I pulled a muscle in my back, so work today is going to be a painful experience.
That doesn't mean that I'll stop doing it.
That doesn't mean that I will stop doing it.
I would never get any work done then and my ass would be fat.
At least I haven't lost anything today.
I forgot my credit card at home.
They were caught red-handed.
I did that without consulting anyone.
I did that without asking for anyone's advice.
It's a mad world.
I wrote a wrong address on the envelope.
It's about Andrei Tarkovsky's last film.
Look, it's snowing!
It often snows here.
When I was 18 I drank.
I had to see a doctor yesterday.
We just played doctor.
She speaks too much.
Who is that old man?
The children have already gone to school.
You shouldn't have told him about the plan.
Where is her family?
He is above me.
The bug is underneath me.
Food is inside me.
Clothes are behind me.
I defeated the warrior.
That person is like me.
He looks like a bug.
Equality is bad.
I eat because I'm hungry.
He is at my side. He is beside me.
I ate beside my friend.
I ate at the side of my friend.
I fought an enemy with a drunk guy.
I fought an enemy at the side of a drunk guy.
My friend is beside me.
The sun is above me.
The land is beneath me.
Bad things are behind me.
I'm okay because I'm alive.
I look at the land beside my friend.
People look like ants.
My hip hurts.
I'm using a bowl and a spoon.
Somebody's inside the house.
It's marvellous.
It is marvellous.
Don't make me wait!
Any neutrinos traveling faster than light would radiate energy away, leaving a wake of slower particles analogous to the sonic boom of a supersonic fighter jet.
We have to try to reduce its complexity.
Usually, inheritance laws are complex.
Finding an optimal solution isn't trivial.
The challenge there is getting on time.
Maxwell's Demon defies the laws of thermodynamics.
Don't defy their orders, just limit yourself to obey.
This adds a new dimension of complexity to the problem.
He was a brilliant and emblematic scientist.
I know you should feel guilty in some corner of your heart.
Exposition to radiation gives susceptibility to suffer mutations.
Revision of the law can't be delayed further.
The girl reads with her grandfather.
Nobody has been able to scientifically explain the phenomenon.
Hísiel and Nenwë watch the forest.
I see a man between the trees.
Where do you see him?
He is going beneath the shadows.
Come, Hísiel, we follow him! Stop!
We are Noldor. I’m Hísiel. Are you one of the Sindar?
I am!
We wish friendship.
We can come again to this place.
Good.
A leaf is falling.
Leaves are falling.
The king is coming.
The boy swims with his friends.
Men are going.
The leaf and the tree are falling.
The king and queen are coming.
You are watching.
He is falling.
They are going.
They are watching.
You are coming.
The two of you are watching.
With whom are you eating?
The pair of them is coming.
I'm falling.
We are watching.
You see me.
I want it.
We all find them.
I wish to see.
I'm able to speak.
Watch the forest!
Go!
Nenwë is a Noldo.
You are seeing a man.
Are you seeing a man?
A Noldo is beneath the tree.
Is a Noldo beneath the tree?
Be seeing you!
Yes!
Hurray!
Hurray! I have found it!
Into the fog!
Best wishes!
Happy Tolkien's birthday!
Have a good summer vacation!
I don't speak Quenya.
Your hair shines like gold.
Come outside with me and look at the constellations.
Your place or mine?
Take off your clothes and lie down on the bed!
I will love you for better for worse till death us do part.
The boy pays visit to his grandmother.
I play a game with my sister.
The milk has a bad taste.
The teacher works in a high school.
We're on the border of failure.
They drink coffee after lunch.
I'll be there on Saturday.
Lying is shameful.
The room's area is two and half square meters.
I have to find my pen.
I wish you great success.
It's growing like mushrooms in the rain.
What do you mean, "I don't like it"?
He is kicking me!
I need to search for my pen.
I have to look for my pen.
It's true that I want to know it.
Rhinoceros is not a dinosaur.
I recorded a hit.
An apple tree provides an apple.
An orange tree provides an orange.
He's my best friend.
Another advantage of shopping and booking online is that people can receive the product or a confirmation of the service they requested directly at home, but there is the risk of not receiving what is requested.
The growth of online shopping and booking has greatly improved life for the consumers.
Shopping and booking online can be very useful because people can find everything they need directly from their houses.
This is useful mainly for disabled people, people with illnesses, and the elderly.
See you.
Is this translation correct?
He pressed me against the wall.
He has a test next week.
Another thing to consider is the payment.
The first drawbacks concern the changing rooms and the gym equipment.
Nobody collect the lost things.
The main problem of the cafeteria is the quality.
Improvements could be made by cleaning the changing rooms, increasing the equipment, giving more flexible times and lowering the fees.
One of the main problems of an international student surely concerns the choice of means of transport to use in order to reach the university's sites and the facilities of Reggio Emilia.
I sing now.
Most of the facilities are easily accessible with the local public transports, but these public transports are generally late and their cost is progressively increasing, so it is advisable to move by foot or by bicycle to save money and time.
A reason to avoid cars and public transports is, considering the costs said above, that some of you could not afford all the expenses, so there is the need to reduce these expenses when possible.
Because of the level of pollution which was said before, you can help the local environment by avoiding petrol-based means of transport, so you can both spend less money and reduce the level of pollution.
What should I do to spare time?
I can't stop writing.
Today is Thursday.
Today is Friday.
Michael is reading a book.
Using the names "Tom" and "Mary" in many English sentences to facilitate translating into Japanese is very strange.
Greetings from France!
German is the best language in the world.
The Libyan government is ready to close ''Bit.ly''.
It doesn't surprise me that you know.
The king oppressed his people.
He thinks I love her.
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
I need a breather.
He spends a lot of money travelling.
Are you kidding me?
Now he sees the key.
The emergency call "Mayday" comes from the French sentence, "Venez m'aider."
She managed to learn how to drive a car.
Well met.
I greet you.
I give greetings to everyone.
I am happy to meet you.
Our meeting is a pleasure.
I am happy about our meeting.
It has been too long.
Long journey?
My heart sings to see you.
You again?
You are welcome here.
Come to help me.
The kid drinks the milk.
Breathe in deeply.
We go to see her twice a day.
We must stay perfectly calm.
He let his books fall to the floor.
It is difficult to talk to him.
Is it cheaper to call after nine?
Where does your friend come from?
He tried everything to win this prize.
He has a good eye sight.
Come with me, please.
He is constantly staring at you. He surely loves you.
I would like my breakfast in my room at eight o'clock sharp.
Let us not forget about ourselves!
This gentleman asks interesting questions.
Doing the laundry, fine, but I hate folding it.
Send it to human resources and to the head of finance.
What time is it now in your country?
When we saw what was happening there, we decided to leave.
It amazed me.
He is capable of doing it.
A two-legged donkey can become general and remain a donkey.
Crush the ginger.
What makes one stronger, kills the other.
We can get along with him.
His name is known throughout this country.
She is stubborn.
Tatoeba is the best looking site of the online world.
Listen to what I am saying.
It is abnormal to have the heart on the right side.
I lock the valuables in the safe.
There is no shame in being poor.
We need actions, not words.
He can't see nor hear.
We will have a picknick provided that the weather is nice.
Is mom scolding the horse's hemp?
Did you leave the door open?
First they saw the debris then they looked at each other.
The meeting went on until noon.
Gilles crossed the dunes.
Plastic surgery alone will not make you any less ugly.
People with imagination are never bored.
Tomorrow will be even warmer than today.
Bad luck!
I woke up too late.
He is proud that his father was a famous scientist.
Could you please go buy bread at the baker's, two small ones and a large one please? And if they ran out, you can buy four thin baguettes instead.
She kissed us on the cheek and wished us a good night.
Not being useful to anyone is simply being worthless.
Horrible helicopter accident in a Belgian cemetery, the rescuers have already salvaged more than 500 corpses.
Tom attached some twine to the kite.
You will see them come by.
You are imagining things.
If I were you, I would not light a fire in a forest in summer time.
I will tell my parents that I want to leave by myself.
When politicians give the impression that they don't control the situation, markets get nervous.
He wanted to become a farmer.
Peel two of the bananas.
Can you sing the song?
This study grant was given to me by the departmental council.
If you have additional requests about this product, please add them to the basket, where you can leave a message. We will do our best to assist you.
Let me join your cause.
After fall comes winter.
I cannot afford long vacations.
He is facing many difficulties.
She also likes chocolate.
I bought a magazine in a store.
May I ask you a few questions?
All Tibetans over 25 years of age, have the right to run for office for the Parliament of exiled Tibetans.
The risk of confusion is too high, I surely cannot be the only one who does not get this.
We hope to meet you at UK97.
I have to do my hair.
Life is too short to be mad.
She is a young woman, pretty and smiling, like we would like to meet more often.
The moon doesn't listen when the dog insults it.
Because of the delay, I will go home.
Peasants often have a secondary activity to augment their income.
Damn, my wheat pillow is sprouting.
It's Claudine's house.
Do you have a pen? I have one.
He is wearing a hat.
Everyone needs education. Society must promote public welfare with all its might, and bring education within the reach of all its citizens.
Of all my friends, he is the closest.
Thanks for photocopying it for me.
Three fourth of the earth surface are covered with water.
Everything was very good.
He is distracted.
Maria is spending a lot of money on clothes.
Home sweet home.
At this point, I don't need money.
I don't know why but ever since we met I never felt that he was a foreigner.
From time to time, I want to relax and forget everything.
I would like to charter a yacht.
I will respond to both of your letters.
She had time for her favorite hobby.
I stopped smoking once and for all.
It's always difficult to start a letter.
My college has a dorm.
My son wants to be Lincoln.
My monthly salary is 300,000 yen.
My brother is in Australia now.
My house is on a hill.
My dear little cat disappeared a week ago.
All I can do is work in silence.
Don't put any sugar in my coffee.
My uncles come to see me from time to time.
You knew it was impossible and even then, you tried.
He came yesterday to see you.
It rains since last night.
Don't hurry, we have the whole afternoon to shop.
Do not mistake sin with crime.
I'm no less of a sinner than you.
As in everything else, there's something beautiful about sin.
The blood stream is usually constant and continuous.
That's right. Surveys confirm it.
It's not only me, it's the most.
We have most of the votes numbered.
One of my goals for the next three years is to form a band of my own.
I don't see why not.
I had a terrible stomachache.
Any member of the University has right to use the library services showing personal identification card or university badge.
Many libraries also provide wireless local area network.
You are a bit fat.
Please validate this ticket.
I dance in my living room all the time.
Example: to express direction, we add "n" to the end of a word; so "tie" (= in that place), "tien" (= to that place); in the same way we say "la birdo flugis en la ĝardenon, sur la tablon", and the words "ĝardenon" and "tablon" have here the accusative form not because the preposition "en" and "sur" need it, but because we want to express direction, that is to show that the bird at the beginning wasn't in the garden or on the table and so it was flying, but that from another place it flew to the garden or on the table (we want to show that the garden and the table weren't the place of the flight, but the destination of the flight). In those cases we use the final "n" regardless of the fact that there's a preposition or not.
After I finished my homework, I watched baseball on TV.
I watched baseball on TV after I finished my homework.
You should take advantage of this opportunity.
I don't envy you.
I need all the luck I can get.
You are hilarious.
I didn't like the result.
I know the connection!
If you could go back and start your life again, from what age would you like to start?
Because of yesterday's heavy snow, the ground is very slippery. As soon as I stepped outside, I slipped and fell on my bottom.
The time has come to debate the most relevant matters.
Critics do not solve the crisis.
The traveller went whistling through the forest.
I resent their rude attitude.
I'm angry because of their impolite attitude.
I always find him whistling while working on his paintings.
The song I heard before in the train station loops endlessly around my head.
Approach! The time has come... one of us must die.
No... you're just a simple marionette.
He has found a way, right?
I listened for a long time, but I didn't hear anything.
You don't have the guts.
You don't have what it takes to be a leader.
I like to lie on my back and watch the clouds drift by.
You shouldn't show off your sins.
You can't see gas; it's invisible.
This flower has a strong scent, can you smell it?
The sight is considered the most complex of the five senses.
You can resolve this as a system of equations.
His rude behavior makes me angry.
Their rude behavior makes me angry.
Speak louder. Your grandfather's hearing isn't so good.
I can't feel anything in my left foot; there's no sensation at all.
Some high-pitched sounds are inaudible to adults, but can be heard by children and teenagers.
My fingers are so cold they have gone numb.
Your blade... Do you know its significance?
I was looking forward to seeing a scenic view of Mt. Fuji, but unfortunately it was completely hidden behind clouds.
I love this song!
This is my song!
My dog won't bite you, unless you ask for it.
It'd be very convenient if we could censor this kind of comments.
Wouldn't it be far too suspicious if you were doing it?
I love my woolly hat.
The education in that institute is simply pathetic.
You look pathetic in that outfit.
Bruce took the book weakly.
After years of frustrations, finally all my effort had been repaid.
I won't be able to stay in such a frustrating job.
Are you keeping a journal?
I am going to give you a beautiful and enlightening example of what I read.
Other companies will present their offers as well.
You should follow the doctor's orders.
Can you exchange it for another one?
You'll regret it if you stick your nose there.
It is still difficult for me to talk about abstract topics such as the economy or philosophy, because those are not very familiar words for me.
He is my brother, not my father.
All of a sudden it started raining.
His speeches resemble the straight-to-the-point style of his incumbent.
That's good soup.
Do you offer any day trips?
He sacrificed his health to fulfill his duty.
Include me in your plans.
Take whichever one you want.
Both sides have pros and cons, therefore I will not decide yet which one I will support.
You must be more careful from now on.
My friends invited me for dinner.
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.
The guitar player is my brother.
I am sorry. I am not from here.
They have people conveniently idiotizited.
I took the elevator to the third floor.
I am going to the swimming pool.
Hey! Come here please!
He complains all the time.
He had nothing to say, so he left.
He quickly runs out of breath.
Canada and Mexico both share a border with the USA.
The thief does not believe in honest people.
My son can already count up to one hundred.
They were extremely excited.
He is there for a few days.
Did you see how much this phone costs? It costs an arm and a leg!
I quit smoking six months ago.
Check out that woman!
Take a look at that woman!
There is a bench in front of the train station.
Did you complete the work?
I don't care for his rudeness.
I am a fast swimmer.
You are going to get hurt.
The cherry tree blooms earlier this year than usual.
Wherever he goes, he lies.
How can I sacrifice myself for something I don't believe in?
I wrote a song for you.
The photograph was falsified.
He took part in a big scam.
The twins will be judged for fraud.
We like when you dance!
I smashed my finger in my car door.
I'm starting to get old!
Your life is so perfect.
You are overestimating my English level!
Practice is the best way to improve your English.
Are you still in Scotland?
At least I'm honest and I say I'm not perfect.
The torture had dramatic consequences on his personality.
The prisoners gave a false alarm.
Tom is able to walk on his hands.
Tom can walk on his hands.
Sorry, but I am unable to do so.
Sorry, but I can't do so.
People are unable to follow these rules.
I was able to knit.
One day you'll be able to walk.
I haven't been able to find out anything about it.
We might be able to help her.
Ask him to speak louder. He can't be understood.
My son likes books about animals.
I'm reading a book on American history.
This is a book about feelings.
I was about to have dinner when she called me.
I'm not about to tell you that you're right.
The water came up to our necks.
There is a plane above the church.
There is a smoke cloud over the province.
Why is the helicopter flying across the city?
In my city, the temperature is one degree above zero.
The summit of the mountain is about 2000 meters above sea level.
You have to be over 18 to drive.
He was driving at over 120 kph when the accident happened.
There are over 80 people in my house. We're having a party.
These rules don't apply anymore.
We should get more organized.
We should be on our way.
Tom scarcely recognized Mary.
They agreed to meet me here.
Tom sat cross-legged on the floor.
According to her, he is a coward.
According to my teacher, I'm a good pupil.
In my opinion, he is just a fool.
Don't make a fool of yourself.
The privacy rules we used to follow just don't apply anymore.
Could you explain to me why you think these rules don't apply anymore?
The investment advice we used to give just doesn't apply anymore.
Tom scrubbed the bathtub.
Tom scrubbed his feet.
I can't keep up with you. Could you dictate a bit slower?
I'm afraid of the dark.
Tom set a trap.
Tom set me up.
Tom set off some fireworks.
Canada and Mexico are both located along the US borders.
First I'll look at the prices, and only then I'll decide whether I'll buy the camera or not.
I'd suggest you look for another place.
Tom showed the pictures to Mary.
I've married and I realize, that my childhood ends now.
You are going about it the wrong way!
Today I'll meet with my meditation group.
She is my first love.
She stood up.
I was not drunk.
Tom sealed the envelope.
Tom sealed the room.
Tom sealed the deal.
Tom said he felt rested and was ready to start hiking again.
Let's rest for a few minutes.
Tom ruined my weekend.
I don't want either of them.
Dad, Mary hit me!
Muscles are made of hundreds of thin fibers.
Give me five minutes to finish the last adjustments.
Tragedy is the entertainment of the nobles.
In this world, it's easy to lose oneself in all the deceptions and temptations.
I was forced to accept his proposal.
Your family has considerably increased since my last voyage.
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.
Condemned to death.
But you never spoke to me about that!
But you have never spoken to me about that!
What's the meaning of that?
This clock is broken.
There are many slums in Mexico.
The Joker is the wild card, OK?
You must not say it.
Every perfect man in literature has always been created by the pen of a woman.
I can't know it.
I don't allow it.
I still have vivid memories of the explosion of the space shuttle.
I learned it from you.
Let's share this money between the two of us.
I eat my breakfast at seven o'clock.
I gave up on the idea of buying a house.
He told a good joke.
He stills comes visit me from time to time.
They joined forces and fought the enemy.
She is peeling the potatoes.
I am forced to do it.
One must sow one's wild oats.
She makes her mother happy.
The Ubuntu version of April 2012 has been nicknamed "Precise Pangolin".
Near the forest stands an isolated house.
I am not carrying any cash.
I want to go to heaven, but I don't want to die to get there!
Tom remained silent.
Tom remained skeptical.
Tom remained single his whole life.
Read!
Thanks for your quick answer.
The man plucked up courage and pulled the trigger.
You tried to carry out the plan but you didn't succeed.
You knelt down, begging God for forgiveness.
The donkey kicked the dog that had bitten it.
Take the money before the police come!
Poaching is not allowed in national parks.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
I'm organizing a scavenger hunt for my son's thirteenth birthday party.
I have a rendezvous with my uncle tomorrow.
Do you have a coin?
The site should be working just fine now.
Please post here if you experience any problems.
Do not forget!
That was the mad cow.
Now he is eating dinner.
Close your mouth!
No?
Isn't it true?
What did you hide?
He drinks too much alcohol.
He is not scared of snakes at all.
Is there anyone who wants some more pie?
Please remember to put out the fire before you go home.
Please don't forget to put out the fire before you go home.
Jimmy begged me to take him to the zoo.
Where is he going to settle down?
Where is it located?
I left my gloves in the library.
"Who will be coming to the party?" "A few friends and four or five colleagues."
Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name.
Can you use a computer?
Please take your time before deciding what to do.
It's up to you to decide what to do.
Tom had trouble deciding what to do next.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to poach an egg in a microwave oven.
Your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors.
I have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
At first, we weren't familiar at all. Over time we got to know each other.
He lost his most beloved son.
People can easily tell the difference between them.
Please use a pencil to write down your name.
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.
Overcome weakness.
Wait just a little bit, will be done immediately!
That is worth considering.
Generally, men run faster than women.
I don't like being treated as a child.
It is easy to say and hard to accomplish.
Do you know how to drive?
Already retired, but often get asked by them to consult.
Very happy to meet you.
He tiptoed so no one heard him.
I will help you buy one concert ticket.
I know how to ski.
Hey, how much does one pound of these oranges cost?
I sent this drum to my father.
I am patiently listening, but I don't feel interested.
Grey translations are indirect translations. In other words, they are translations of the translations, and not translations of the main sentence (the main sentence is the sentence in big letters).
Put them on the baking pan and smear them with egg whites.
Feel a little nauseous, but unable to puke.
She is not the victim.
Sorry, I don't understand.
I would like to speak to Johano.
I was able to succeed because of your advice.
Because of your advice, I was able to succeed.
Because of the advice that you gave me, I succeeded.
They've planted jasmine and an olive.
This is a great type of cure.
We display grey sentences because they can be useful, but you should be careful. Their meaning may differ a little from the main sentence.
Put the eggs in the refrigerator.
Put the eggs in the fridge.
Tom beeped the horn.
At the moment, normal users cannot delete sentences, only corpus maintainers can. We will someday add the possibility for users to delete their own sentences, but in the meantime, if you want to have a sentence deleted, add a comment on the sentence asking for deletion and explain why you'd like to delete it.
Can't you hear all the car horns beeping behind us?
My cellphone beeps if the battery is running low.
We aren't at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
Can't you hear all the car horns honking behind us?
This timer is set to beep ten minutes from now.
By chance, I found a hot spring.
He swims like a fish.
I accidentally mistakenly took his umbrella.
I helped her translate this sentence so many times.
Tom says he can pluck a chicken in less than ten minutes.
They cleaned everything, from the basement to the attic.
What we need is help.
Mary started plucking her eyebrows when she was twelve years old.
Only with wisdom can one distinguish between good and evil; only with humility can one build a happy life.
What did you say? Dead?
This patient's conditions are getting worse day after day.
You rarely ever wake up this early.
He's not young anymore.
You're always making mistakes.
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday.
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.
Appreciate the little things in life - they will bring you to a bigger end target.
My brothers are dolphins.
A small European shop opened inside, the mood is great!
Cats like fish more than they like meat.
He refuses to believe us.
Writing in a diary is a good habit.
He read the letter she mailed to him over and over again, but still did not understand it.
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
My home is in the outskirts of that city.
This tie has a more vibrant color and goes better with this suit.
All of my attempts have failed.
The American flag has fifty stars.
I try not to think about it.
I feel like the window was open all night.
I want to do spring cleaning.
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars.
Mr. Meier thought the Neumann family was away on vacation.
Look at these two photographs - which one is better?
Tom wrung the chicken's neck.
I'd like to talk to Jean.
Tom wrung the water out of his wet swimsuit.
Tom stood near the gate wringing his hands nervously.
All living beings would have evolved from a common ancestor.
They marched to Santiago with their flag aloft.
Tom has a dynamic personality.
It's the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great.
The family dynamic behind such a character-driven movie without much plot twists or alien invaders to offer is the real reason for its success.
Culture plays a dynamic role in shaping an individual's character, attitude, and outlook on life.
It snows hard.
Modern understanding of the dynamics of quantum particles took a non-intuitive turn with the introduction of the particle-wave duality concept.
What a splendid city!
The city walls are so beautiful!
Here, you have translated from the sentence in < the language you have translated from > and you created a link to that one. I think this is the sentence in < the language you want to translate from > that you wanted to translate. To do this, you must first click on the sentence in < the language you want to translate from > before clicking on the translation button. The sentence that you are translating must ALWAYS stand on top of the pile (in the largest typeface) and it is the only one visible at the time you're editing your translation, and that is on purpose to avoid influence on your translation, as in Tatoeba, sentences are linked by twos, not as blocks, since a sentence may have several different translations in the same language!
Good day, Doctor Mortimer.
Good day. Are you Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
No, he is my friend, Doctor Watson.
Pleasure to meet you, Doctor.
Mr. Holmes, you are very interesting to me.
I observe from your fingers that you smoke.
Please sit down and smoke.
Why have you visited us today?
I have a serious and extraordinary problem.
I realise that you are the second authority in Europe.
Indeed, sir! Who is the first?
The work of Monsieur Bertillon seems good to a scientific person.
Then, why have you not consulted him?
It seems good to a scientific person, but I prefer to consult you in practical matters.
I hope that I have not offended you.
Only a little. Tell us the nature of your problem.
I observe you.
You observe me.
It is my dog.
It is mine.
You interest me very much, Mr. Watson.
And you, Doctor Watson and Mr. Holmes, interest me.
I know your serious and extraordinary problem.
We don't smoke, but be willing to sit and smoke.
She observes my good friend.
Has he met them today?
Yes, they visited his good friend, Doctor Mortimer.
The dog interests us: it only sits and observes.
The family has problems, they interest Mr. Holmes.
Their work seems good to me.
They have authority in Europe.
Her family prefers not to smoke.
Holmes and Watson, why do your problems interest me?
Do you know that they are my problems?
I prefer to say.
We don't know it.
Why are you visiting us?
It's easy to distinguish good from evil.
Who is visiting us?
Are you her friend?
Do you know the family?
Entering the doctorate is going to be a great challenge.
Being admitted to the doctorate is going to be a great challenge.
Cosmos is the antithesis of chaos.
If you have something against the Jews, you don't have to come here and say it.
I'm concerned that your friends are poor.
Refrain yourself from making other commentaries.
Many of its behaviors can be explained from a deterministic perspective.
I wish you a happy married life!
We are pretty much in agreement.
Please allow me to ask you a few questions.
I worked a lot this week.
I would like you to translate this book into English.
She has been trapped an hour already.
She doesn't know the truth yet.
Forgive your enemy, but remember the name of that bastard.
When we arrived at the port, the wind subsided.
I'm afraid I took the wrong train.
Add a dozen eggs to the list.
His feet were asleep.
Wake me up at seven o'clock.
Present only questions that can be answered by yes or no.
Only one moment of my life was enough to get to know and love you, but all my life will not be enough to get to forget you.
Only one moment of my life was enough to manage to know and love you, but my entire life would not be enough to manage to forget you.
My GPS navigator doesn't work abroad.
She's just as cute as the dickens!
He doesn't want to speak, being afraid of making mistakes.
She doesn't want to speak, being afraid of making mistakes.
Do you already know whether you will go to the beach afterwards, and, if yes, when?
She translated the text literally.
We plan to have a birthday party for Tom.
Even though Tom just had his fortieth birthday, I don't think he's over the hill yet.
Tom is past his prime.
Tom has already seen the best years of his life.
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.
We're almost done for today.
I introduced her to you last week.
Tom is a bit of a nitpicker.
Please don't nitpick just for the sake of nitpicking.
Tom has an organ donor card in his wallet.
Tom registered to become an organ donor.
Is tomorrow Saturday?
If you agree to become an organ donor, you may help save someone's life.
Are there any religions that don't permit organ donation?
Tom shouldn't have compared his teacher to Hitler.
Tom got paint on his shirt while he was painting the fence.
Tom should have told Mary right away that he wasn't single.
Tom always keeps a set of jumper cables in the trunk of his car.
Tom needed to jump start his car.
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.
Even though Tom told Mary about his problem, he didn't want to listen to any advice she had on how to solve it.
Do you have a shovel I can borrow?
Tom keeps an extra tie in his desk drawer at work.
If you want a good seat, you should get there early.
You were right.
Please don't say that.
Tom thought that Mary wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary criticizes him in public.
My head doesn't ache anymore.
My headache has gone away.
If you make new friends, don't forget the old ones.
My children are threshing wheat.
For Valentine's day, I used rose petals to spell out my sweetheart's name.
Tomorrow is Saturday, February 5th, 2011.
Once he got the news of his daughter-in-law's death, he totally freaked out.
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today.
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.
Don't study!
I have absolutely no intention of paying ten dollars.
You aren't qualified to be the leader.
It's OK with me if you take that book.
It doesn't bother me if you take that book.
It doesn't matter to me if you take that book.
I was bitten by a lot of insects in the forest.
I'm really looking forward to seeing you.
I usually take a bath before going to bed.
Tom's blood type is O negative.
Shame on the age and on its principles! The senate is aware of these things; the consul sees them; and yet this man lives. Lives!
There is man's best friend!
You are a student.
She is Japanese.
Sailors spend weeks or months in the immense ocean.
There's nothing like the sea's serenity.
The treasure was buried in the deepest of the sea.
The secret remained buried in the grave of the famous philosopher.
I found the gloves that were under the chair.
I don't understand what he wants me to do.
Tom managed a small bar near Boston for quite a long time.
I followed to the letter what you have told me.
He made up his mind to become a pilot.
I was overtaken by that car.
Novels aren't being read as much as they were in the past.
Novels aren't being read as much as they used to be.
Juvenile crimes have been increasing recently.
He likes being surrounded by young people.
Is Mary well?
The small company was taken over by a large organization.
Her behaviour was out of the ordinary.
There's no doubt that he's self-centred.
How many apples are there?
How much is an apple?
He jumped to the conclusion that I had done it.
Yeah, I want you to do it.
How do you know each other?
This city lies at the base of a mountain.
My last name is Watanabe.
This door is locked from the inside.
The nearest gas station is only one hundred kilometers to the north.
I am lost.
They provide value for money.
I was worried about you.
I love your car.
Excepting Sundays he works every day.
I am not like you.
What is the date?
The problem is that she is inexperienced.
Are you kidding, or are you serious?
He made up his mind to study medicine at university.
Spring is my favourite season.
It's impossible to see all the sights in Rome in one day.
He doesn't want it.
The cat is on the rug.
My father feels satisfied about this result.
Tom's family moved around quite a bit when he was a kid.
Tom won't lend me the money I need.
Tom will pick the kids up after school.
Tom was impressed.
Tom was happy that his landlord lowered the rent.
Tom was happy about that.
Tom was devastated.
Tom was accused of doing sloppy work.
Tom wanted to stop and think.
Tom usually stays at five-star hotels.
Tom usually shows up on time.
Tom usually keeps things to himself.
Tom took his wedding ring off.
Tom stepped on the brake.
Tom sometimes appears on TV.
Tom shredded the lettuce.
Tom showed up just in time.
Tom showed his passport to the man at the gate.
Tom shouldn't talk so much.
Tom shouldn't have said that.
Tom shouldn't have done what he did.
Tom shouldn't have done it.
Tom shouldn't have come here.
Tom shouldn't be so surprised.
Tom shouldn't be so greedy.
Tom should've waited for Mary.
Tom should've told Mary.
Tom should've studied more.
Tom should've paged Mary.
Tom should've married Mary.
Tom should've known.
Tom should've known better.
Tom should've danced with Mary.
Tom should've called.
Tom should've been there.
Tom should try it.
Tom should talk less.
Tom should take Mary's advice.
Tom should still be in the library.
Tom should still be in bed.
Tom should still be at work.
Tom should start his own company.
Tom should pay what he owes.
Tom should know that.
Tom should know better.
Tom should get some sleep.
Tom should get some rest.
Tom should get going.
Tom should do the same.
Tom should do the same thing I do.
Tom should be in school.
Tom should be home soon.
Tom should be home by 2:30.
Tom should be here soon.
Tom should be getting home.
Tom should be congratulated.
Tom should apply for this job.
Tom should apologize to Mary.
Tom shot Mary.
Tom shot Mary in the knee.
Tom shot at Mary.
Tom shot at Mary with a crossbow.
Tom shelled the shrimp.
Tom sharpened a pencil.
Tom shared Mary's pain.
Tom sent Mary to summer camp.
Tom sent Mary packing.
Tom seldom eats at home.
Tom seldom drinks coffee.
Tom sees this in a different way.
Tom seems to lack energy.
Tom seems to be sick.
Tom seems to be lost.
Tom seems to be looking for trouble.
Tom seems to be in love.
Tom seems to be in good health.
Tom seems to be having fun.
Tom seems to be happy.
Tom seems so lonely.
Tom seems quite upset.
Tom seems happy.
Tom seconded the motion.
Tom scolded Mary.
Tom says it's up to Mary.
Tom saw the tears in Mary's eyes.
Tom saw the exhibits.
Tom saw right through Mary.
Tom saw Mary today.
Tom saw Mary on TV.
Tom saw it on the news.
Tom saw himself in the mirror.
Tom saw fear in Mary's eyes.
Tom saw a doctor.
Tom saved Mary's life.
Tom saved Mary a seat.
Tom sat under a tree.
Tom sat at his desk.
Tom sang his son to sleep.
Tom sang a duet with Mary.
Tom said this was urgent.
Tom said that he thought Mary understood.
Tom said it would be OK to swim after dinner.
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.
Tom said goodbye to Mary.
Tom rushed into the office.
Tom rubs me the wrong way.
Tom rubbed his sore feet.
Tom rolled over in bed.
Tom rode the roller coaster.
Tom rode the horse bareback.
Tom ripped you off.
Tom ripped up the letter.
Tom rinsed the shampoo out of his hair.
Tom rinsed off the soap.
Tom rinsed his mouth.
Tom rewrote the paragraph.
Tom rewrote his report.
Tom rewound the tape.
Tom respects his parents.
Tom reserved a seat.
Tom repacked his suitcase.
Tom rented a snowboard.
Tom rented a pair of ice skates.
Tom rented a car for the weekend.
Tom refused to pay his bill.
Tom refused to forgive Mary.
Tom really likes Mary.
Tom really had a good time.
Tom really enjoys his job.
Tom rarely reads magazines.
Tom rang the doorbell.
Tom ran up the stairs.
Tom ran to catch the train.
Tom ran out of gas.
Tom ran for his life.
Tom raised his hands.
Tom raised his hand.
Tom put up his umbrella.
Tom put the frying pan on the stove.
Tom put the children to bed.
Tom put some salt on his eggs.
Tom put some rice in a bowl.
Tom put out his cigarette.
Tom put on some sunscreen.
Tom put on his swimsuit.
Tom put on his robe.
Tom put on his overcoat.
Tom put on his glasses.
Tom put on a tie.
Tom put his shoes on.
Tom put his shirt on.
Tom put his shirt on a hanger.
Tom put gas in the car.
Tom put a bandage on Mary's arm.
Tom pushes Mary around.
Tom pushed the shopping cart for his mother.
Tom punched his time card.
Tom pulled the trigger.
Tom pulled Mary out of the burning car.
Tom pulled a muscle.
Tom promised Mary that he'd never leave her.
Tom poured some wine into a glass.
Tom poured himself some milk.
Tom pounded on the door.
Tom pointed out some problems.
Tom pointed a gun at Mary.
Tom plugged in the TV.
Tom plugged in his computer.
Tom pledged his support.
Tom pleaded not guilty.
Tom played with the baby.
Tom played with his kids.
Tom picked the lock.
Tom picked out a gift for Mary.
Tom picked an apple from the tree.
Tom peeled the potatoes.
Tom passed the test.
Tom passed away three years ago.
Tom paid the rent.
Tom paid the fare.
Tom paid the cashier.
Tom paid the bill.
Tom paid for it by credit card.
Tom paid by credit card.
Tom paid a $300 fine.
Tom packed his bags.
Tom owes Mary an apology.
Tom owes Mary a lot.
Tom owes Mary 300 dollars.
Tom overslept.
Tom ought to stop smoking.
Tom ought to stop doing that.
Tom ordered a drink.
Tom opened the refrigerator.
Tom opened the curtains.
Tom opened a window.
Tom often has headaches.
Tom often goes to school by bicycle.
Tom often goes shopping alone.
Tom often cuts class.
Tom offered to drive Mary home.
Tom offended Mary.
Tom now lives in Boston.
Tom noticed that Mary was limping.
Tom never wears red.
Tom never wears a hat.
Tom never wanted to give up, but he had no choice.
Tom never took Mary seriously.
Tom never seems to get sick.
Tom never seems to finish anything.
Tom never saw Mary again.
Tom never said a word.
Tom never loses his cool.
Tom never listens to Mary.
Tom never jokes about money.
Tom never jokes about his job.
Tom never got married.
Tom never gave up.
Tom never eats junk food.
Tom never cooks on Sunday.
Tom never cheats.
Tom never ceases to amaze me.
Tom negotiated a new contract.
Tom needs your help right away.
Tom needs some elbow room.
Tom needs some alone time.
Tom needs two tickets to Boston.
Tom needs to wear a tie where he works.
Tom needs to talk to you.
Tom needs to take a day off.
Tom needs to return this book by tomorrow evening.
Tom needs to relax.
Tom needs to learn more about that problem.
Tom needs to get some rest.
Tom needs to change his attitude.
Tom needs to cancel his flight.
Tom needs to be more like Mary.
Tom needs the money right away.
Tom needs to speak to Mary.
Tom needs some sleep.
Tom needs some rest.
Tom needs some more rest.
Tom needs reading glasses.
Tom needs our input.
Tom needs our help.
Tom needs our advice.
Tom needs more time.
Tom needs a vacation.
Tom needs a new car.
Tom needs a haircut.
Tom needs a change of scenery.
Tom needs a change of pace.
Tom needs a break.
Tom needed some fresh supplies.
Tom nearly laughed out loud.
Tom nearly fell off his chair.
Tom must have seen where Mary went.
Tom must be very tired.
Tom must be very lucky.
Tom must be up to something.
Tom must be hungry.
Tom mopped the floor.
Tom missed the exit.
Tom might have stolen Mary's camera.
Tom might come to visit us.
Tom might call Mary tonight.
Tom meant what he said.
Tom meant to tell Mary about the party.
Tom meant exactly what he said.
Tom may not think this is funny.
Tom may be wrong.
Tom may be right.
Tom makes me feel needed.
Tom makes delicious cookies.
Tom makes delicious coffee.
Tom maintained eye contact with Mary.
Tom made up his mind to buy the car.
Tom made stew for dinner.
Tom made spaghetti for dinner.
Tom made quite a lot of money in his twenties.
Tom made himself a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom made an appointment to meet Mary the following day.
Tom loves skiing.
Tom loves his work.
Tom loves his job.
Tom lost track of the time.
Tom lost some weight.
Tom lost a lot of weight.
Tom loosened his tie.
Tom looks very dignified.
Tom looks totally wiped out.
Tom looks quite a bit older than Mary.
Tom looks kind of tired.
Tom looks a little shaken.
Tom looked over the documents carefully.
Tom looked out the window.
Tom looked Mary in the eye.
Tom looked for Mary everywhere.
Tom locked the door.
Tom locked his keys in his car.
Tom lives with his family.
Tom lit the stove.
Tom lit the oven.
Tom lit the fire.
Tom lit his cigar.
Tom listened with interest.
Tom likes traveling.
Tom likes to talk on the phone.
Tom likes to have fun.
Tom likes his coffee black.
Tom liked Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom left work early.
Tom left a message for Mary.
Tom left a large tip on the table.
Tom laughed out loud.
Tom knows just where to go.
Tom knows just how you feel.
Tom knows how to handle a rifle.
Tom knows how to get there.
Tom knows he made a mistake.
Tom knows Mary pretty well.
Tom knew this would happen.
Tom knew Mary would be angry.
Tom knew it was impossible.
Tom knew about the surprise party all along.
Tom kept trying to call Mary, but she never answered her phone.
Tom just got married.
Tom just got fired.
Tom just got a haircut.
Tom just found out today that he is HIV positive.
Tom just finished his coffee.
Tom just doesn't understand.
Tom just does what he's told to do.
Tom just can't stand Mary.
Tom just ate lunch.
Tom jumped over the ditch.
Tom jumped out of bed.
Tom jogs every morning.
Tom is very sarcastic.
Tom is very reliable.
Tom is very blunt.
Tom is unable to work this week.
Tom is the man of my dreams.
Tom is taking the week off.
Tom is such a slob.
Tom is still on duty.
Tom is still in prison.
Tom is still in high school.
Tom is still at school.
Tom is scared of ghosts.
Tom is ready for anything.
Tom is qualified for this job.
Tom is proud of Mary.
Tom is pretty good at playing piano by ear.
Tom is out to lunch.
Tom is our guest.
Tom is on the phone.
Tom is now in prison.
Tom is now hiding in the mountains.
Tom is my buddy.
Tom is making progress.
Tom is lying to you.
Tom is likely to be back soon.
Tom is just like you.
Tom is here in Boston with me.
Tom ignored Mary all morning.
Tom hasn't changed a bit.
Tom has good tastes in music.
Tom hardly ever talks to anyone.
Tom hardly ever loses at chess.
Tom had to pay for everything himself.
Tom had a really great time.
Tom dropped by to say thanks.
Tom doesn't seem to get along well with anyone.
Tom doesn't know how to milk a goat.
Tom couldn't find the bus stop.
Tom collects antiques.
Tom and Mary see eye to eye on this.
Tom and Mary no longer see eye to eye.
Tom and Mary never see each other nowadays.
Tom and Mary might break up.
Tom and Mary look good together.
Tom and Mary are in the same boat.
Tom always plays to win.
Tom almost got fired.
Mary is the woman of my dreams.
Mary is the only person for me.
I think Tom is going to win.
Will you be home next weekend?
Mum, the rice crackers have gotten damp and they're not nice anymore.
Mum, the rice crackers have gone soft and they don't taste good anymore.
This towel is so soft and fluffy. It feels good!
The humidity is 80%?! It must be really humid!
The humidity is 80%?! It must be really close!
We had arranged to meet at 10, but, even now, I have had any contact from them at all. You don't think they got into an accident somewhere or something?
These glasses aren't right for my eyes anymore; it's difficult to see. I'm going to have to get a new pair made.
Watching the cat sleeping makes me feel better.
Even though we were supposed to meet at 10, I've had no contact with them. I wonder if they've had an accident.
To tell the truth, things at home haven't been going too well...we're thinking of getting a divorce.
Somehow you don't sound too good today. Is anything the matter?
If there's anything at all that you don't understand, you can ask me anytime.
Why did I buy flowers?! Why are you asking me a question like that? I bought them because I wanted to buy them, ok!
Why did I buy flowers? Is that what you just said? It's really noisy here so I couldn't hear you very well.
Tomorrow, I have plans to go to Tokyo.
Why did I buy flowers? Why are you asking me such a question? I just bought them because I wanted to.
As for today, I went out with my friends.
So you're not going anywhere tomorrow?
Take it away.
"I have a manuscript in my pocket," Doctor James Mortimer said.
Endeavor to reach your objectives and do not succumb to failures.
"I observed it when you entered the chamber," Holmes said.
It is an old manuscript.
Eighteenth century, unless it's a forgery.
Try to reach your goals and don't give in to failures.
How do you know that, sir?
You have presented several centimeters to me while you spoke.
I would be a bad expert if I wasn't able to date it acurately to a decade.
Can you speak up? I don't hear you.
I date it as 1730.
The exact date is 1742.
Doctor Mortimer pulled it out of his breast-pocket.
Mr. Charles Baskerville gave this family paper to me.
He died three months ago in Devonshire.
He was an intelligent and practical man.
Can you speak up? I don't understand you.
However, he treated this document seriously.
It seems to be his statement.
Yes, it is the statement of a certain legend of the Baskerville family.
Do you come?
He does not say.
Did you speak?
They did not enter.
The doctor pulled the paper from his pocket.
She gave the dog to her friends.
The old person died in their room.
I entered her room.
He showed the forgery to my friends.
She often spoke about our curse.
How do you come to that conclusion?
Do you want to come along with us?
I hope all your dreams come true.
It's Sunday today.
Why did you come here today?
How did you come up with that idea?
Will you come back home soon?
How do you come up with such interesting plots for your novels?
Who are you and why are you here?
Why did you come to see me today?
I want to learn.
The day is beautiful.
I love the beautiful day.
The town is beautiful.
I love the beautiful town.
I am loved by my mother.
I'm called "Sammy" by my mother.
I am Samuel.
I am a student in a university.
The rest of the members were all out of tune.
Even if you sing out of tune, join us.
Children really like playing on the beach.
OK, what kind of place do you live at?
You are too, son!
The students have returned.
As usual, I mispronounced words and broke my sentences up in the wrong places.
Fine!
This is supposedly research which my secretary did.
Roger!
He is writing a letter to his parents now.
I'd like to drink something.
The earth is covered with forests.
The liquid flow submits the container to what we call tangential stress.
After you blow up those balloons, could you sweep the room?
He survived the impact of a bomb.
He survived being struck by lightning.
He survived a flight accident.
She suffers from a respiratory disease.
I'm not a big supporter of the radio.
The situation has got us all on alert.
I just put the water heater on.
Send a letter to this address.
I went to the supermarket.
What is Jane going to do tomorrow morning?
There are always many people in the library.
You are never going to dry the clothes if you leave them in the shade.
It wouldn't be right that I'd let you copy my work.
As George Bush has amply demonstrated, being president of the U.S. requires only a modicum of intelligence.
Your imitations make me laugh.
I can't understand how can you imitate him so exactly.
Let's play some tennis.
You deserve it.
We can't leave until you wrap the presents up.
He was always wrapped by a mysterious air.
He was always wrapped by a dangerous air.
He was always wrapped by a dark air.
Just when will you learn to tie your own shoes?
You'd be surprised of the number of knots there are.
I do want to learn!
I followed what you told me word for word.
The main tap is turned off.
The main valve is turned off.
If you'd told me about it earlier, I could've been free. However, tomorrow I have plans to go back home.
Interfering a funeral it's a great show of disrespect.
People from all around the world attended to his funeral.
The audience was exposed to the devastation.
An abortion can have various causes.
Abortion is not an affair of the Church, it's a social affair.
"You do know that drinking that can cause you an abortion?" "Son, men don't have abortions."
If you don't reduce consumer taxes, we've got no deal.
We've got a deal.
We must give in in some extent if we want to get to an agreement.
He came loaded with flowers and presents.
With only a single drop of poison, the well-known fighter was defeated.
All the most deadly poisons were in her laboratory.
You shouldn't mistake a poison with a gift.
Don't breath! It's poisonous gas.
Hold your breath! It's poisonous gas.
The traitor poisoned the master.
The spies poisoned the count.
We have to get Heracles' bow back.
You can see the house was built stiff.
Tom mucks out the stable almost every day.
All the strikers came out of the building in indignation.
The reform on health can't wait anymore.
You can see the house was built steadily.
Tom was in favor of aborting the mission.
Mistaking cadenza with decadence would be a great mistake.
Stereotypes and TV are intimately related.
The appearance of stereotypes and TV are very related.
The courses began at 5 p.m. on Monday.
A postman brought newspapers every morning.
Last year they built a summer house.
Tourists often bought souvenirs in this shop.
The master usually chose yellow and blue colours.
The train always came early in the morning.
Kate did her homework in the kitchen.
Dariimaa rarily drew birds and animals.
Children ate ice cream on hot days.
Sometimes students took textbooks in the library.
Marina read magazines on weekends.
This horse ran well at every Naadam.
Sara took pictures of that mountain in summer.
The trainer gave instructions in the afternoons.
If you're so dissatisfied with what I'm doing, you'd be better off doing it yourself.
Our success was due to his efforts.
Your shoes don't go with that outfit.
The fundamental cause of the problem is that in the modern world, idiots are full of confidence, while the intelligent are full of doubt.
We need your support.
Constance can learn three languages at the same time with ease!
War always brings tragedy.
She is appreciated by everyone.
She is well-liked by everyone.
Hildegarde, my wife and I sleep together two times a week.
These are his pens.
I just proposed a new version.
In order to make this cake you need baking powder and unsalted butter.
Kids went to the river on Sundays.
I have a couple of questions I'd like to ask.
The factory always made good quality shoes.
The director met guests in the mornings.
Companies paid their taxes every quarter.
Violet wrote a letter once a month.
The cheeses have eaten my friends.
Dorj worked 10 hours a day.
Sometimes her mother sang old songs.
Now's not the time to be showing off!
Now's not the time to have that attitude!
Today the weather was really changeable. The rain kept on stopping and starting all day long.
He's not the kind of person to act without thinking. He's not a thoughtless person.
If you only listen to the testimony of the victim you can't understand the full story of the incident.
I admire her efforts.
I told her straight.
I tell it like it is.
My neck hurts today.
How are things going with your youngest sister?
The leaves are fluttering down.
We're happy to do it.
We'll do it with pleasure.
My little sister is scared of all doctors.
How many colours are there?
If you want to go to the art gallery, get this bus.
My university has a dormitory.
My college has a dormitory.
My university has dormitories.
My college has dormitories.
They were the nightmare of the elderly.
The dictionary is incomplete. It only goes to the letter J.
No problem, I understand.
I was jealous of her.
I'm playing SpaceChem.
This sentence is in Spanish when you're not looking.
You should use words to make sentences, rather than try to learn them with rote memorisation.
Abortion is an act, a most violent act.
As is the case with the above farmer, the whole mentality of contraception birth control is plainly un-natural.
My uncle gave me a friendly piece of advice.
So far, there has only been one book of A. Desjardins translated into Esperanto; it is "First Steps Towards Wisdom".
To use these vaccines violates the sacred commandment from Our Lord Jesus Christ.
The moon has no light of its own, but rather it reflects the light of the sun to the children of the night.
The bird has not returned.
Using French to speak of philosophy will make me go crazy.
My sister got knocked up by a married man who's not going to leave his wife for her.
Libertarians espouse free markets and limited government.
For in the later also, had nature not been interferred with, a child might possibly have come forth.
How can I pay for it?
How are payment methods different?
What is the warranty period?
The snake has a split or forked tongue.
Whether we grew up in a Christian home, regardless of denomination, we used to bless and curse, salt water and fresh water coming from the same mouth.
To this day the bird has not returned.
She was not the first to encourage me to do so.
We write this in honor of Saint Patrick, who is credited with bringing the Gospel of Jesus Christ to one of the most pagan cultures of his day.
He came to the Irish with all the signs of an apostle, and when the people asked him to explain the Blessed Trinity, he reached down to the ground and picked up a shamrock.
They were satisfied.
This was yet another beautiful reason why God came to earth as a conception.
He is also credited with banishing all the snakes from Ireland, and it is to this accomplishment that I would like to share this allegory and join with St. Patrick in banishing the snakes from all of Babylon, everywhere.
They desecrated God's sanctuary.
This should be pretty simple to understand.
He was clearly one of us, a human being, and thereby a further proof that all of the human race are made in the image and likeness of God.
An ant can lift more than 50 times its weight.
Are you a lawyer?
The Church is now, and will be until the end of time, the place of God's abiding presence here on this earth.
Next, the snake has scales over his eyes and cannot see very well with these lidless eyes.
He sells whisky.
May you be touched by His Noodly Appendage.
The voices coming from the jungle frightened the explorers.
Until the morning, the camp of the enemy army was surrounded.
I wonder what to make for dinner.
Then I was made aware that snakes have no ears with which to hear.
Instead, they detect sounds through their tongues and feel vibrations through sense organs in the skull.
There's a row of ants coming in and out of the kitchen.
From a young age children learn to ostracise those who aren't like them.
I think all psalms are in the Old Testament.
Psalms come from the Hebrew tradition.
It had been long time since the king had lost his woman.
Saint Patrick lived and preached this kind of love among a pagan, barbaric generation of Irishmen around the year 432 AD.
I likewise bless you this day.
There is no new sun.
Both of us and our other three children had prayed for another child just weeks earlier.
All of a sudden, The Holy Spirit began to speak to me the things revealed in this testimony.
The above articles are a small sample of public information regarding the abortifacient nature of most so-called contraception birth control.
I encourage you to come and kneel with me at the foot of Calvary's Cross and be washed in the blood of Our Savior Jesus Christ.
The debt for all of our sins is already paid in full.
He came to set the captives free, making sinners into saints.
He was exhausted when he got home.
I need to buy new skis.
That's exactly what I thought.
Today is election day in Poland.
What did she buy at that store?
I think he's an honest man.
I can't stand this hot weather.
I just can't stand this hot weather anymore.
I have a lot to do today.
We're less than halfway to the top of the mountain. Are you already tired?
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
My hubby and I used to go mountain climbing together.
Mary's hubby is chubby.
Weak people lose.
The weather's bad, isn't it?
If he's proficient in English, I'll hire him.
Tom is a proficient marksman.
Tom is an excellent marksman.
Tom was extremely grateful.
Tom is going to college now.
Tom is going to be sorry.
Tom is getting dinner ready.
Tom is gaining weight.
Tom is friendly to everybody.
Tom is expecting someone else to come soon.
Tom is down to earth.
Tom is deeply grateful for all Mary's help.
Tom is dangerous.
Tom is counting on your help.
Tom is buried in Boston.
Tom is an intriguing guy.
Tom is an excellent father.
Tom is already on the list.
Tom is all talk and no action.
Tom is acting like a baby.
Tom is a wimp.
Tom is a very sound sleeper.
Tom is a very sensible person.
Tom is a very liberal person.
Tom is a very interesting person.
Tom is a talented singer.
Tom is a talented actor.
Tom is a sincere person.
Tom is a safe driver.
Tom is a refugee.
Tom is a pretty good snowboarder.
Tom is a musician.
Tom is a man of action.
Tom is a lovable guy.
Tom is a great motocross rider.
Tom is a good sport.
Tom is a good communicator.
Tom is a compulsive liar.
Tom is a bit strange.
I asked my teacher what I should do next.
He gets his hair cut once a month.
He gets a haircut once a month.
I want to buy some ski boots.
Before you go to visit him, you should make sure he's at home.
I hope no one takes my tools.
I hope no one finds out what I've been planning all this time.
I wish today were Friday.
Let's hope times change.
Let's hope everything gets better tomorrow.
I wish she'd look me in the eyes.
I hope you don't miss anything.
I hope you do fine.
I'd wish the moon would fall upon the Earth.
I'd wish I wouldn't have to do these reports.
Let's hope this doesn't just end in words.
I hope that you fall off a cliff.
I hope you get shot by a stray bullet.
I wish they'd play this song over and over again.
I hope everything is fine at home.
I hope everyone has arrived safely.
Any homogeneous cycle has a period and a frequency.
I hope the bread keeps until tomorrow.
Let's hope the government respects our agreement.
Let's hope the support arrives on time.
The circulatory system consists of a short and a long circuit.
I hope the new version comes out soon.
Can the price be discounted?
I wish I had something to contribute.
They always played tennis here.
The girls grew tomatoes in the window.
Artists painted the wall in the spring months.
The engineers changed designs frequently.
Grisha usually repaired his car in this place.
The soum teacher rode a camel on holidays.
His grandfather always supported his ideas.
They listened to the classical music sometimes.
The manager advanced a proposal at the meeting.
She put some of the ointment on her hands.
Do you know what AMP means?
The telephone is ringing. If you want, I'll answer it.
I was taken by surprise.
Do you believe you can mock me and get away with it?
Can you look at these two pictures and tell me which one is better?
Can you look at these two pictures and say which one is better?
She is extremely attractive.
It's like the world has already ended and we're all in Hell but haven't noticed yet.
If any man destroys the temple of God, God will destroy him.
Goodbye, I'll see you at the time we agreed on.
Apparently the most used ATM in the Netherlands is in this town.
They saw with their natural eyes but we see with the eyes of our heart.
They heard with their natural ears but we hear, if we have an ear to hear what the Spirit says to the churches.
It's not too late.
Tyrannical governments frequently imprison their political opponents.
Tyrannical governments frequently put their political opponents in prison.
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like to live in the same house as us.
Herod's house is again headed for destruction, destined for the fire.
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.
When the apostle Paul wrote about destroying God's temple, he had a lot of history running through his mind.
Does truth matter?
Try to see how far you can jump.
Today the church around the world is celebrating Easter.
Asherah is the Persian name for Easter.
She is the goddess of orgy.
She was symbolized by the egg and the bunny.
God told Israel not to even mention the name of pagan gods, but the church has a celebration that is named after a pagan god.
Easter is a pagan holiday.
The newly redeemed nation of Israel experienced Passover through Pentecost­ from leaving Egypt, their place of bondage, up to receiving the covenant from God at Sinai.
My country is the world.
He was attacked by a shark.
The Bible has it written like this.
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
People who go to bed early and get up early live a long time.
People who don't know the sadness of love aren't able to talk about the experience of love.
My coffee needs just a tad more sugar.
I feel it's a tad risky to do that.
Tom felt a tad awkward around Mary.
I think my computer was a tad more expensive than yours.
Tom seems to be acting a tad foolish today.
Tom seems to be a tad confused.
Tom showed up a tad late.
The company's advertising budget has been increasing steadily year after year.
You should find a more constructive way of venting your anger.
Put a lid on it!
There are some people who like the word "tad" a lot.
Tom put the lid back on the peanut butter jar.
These photos have been shopped.
You should get some shut eye before the trip tomorrow.
He copped to the murder.
Jimmy is my foster child.
The CIA runs a thorough background check on all new employees.
Tell me how the robbery went down.
I don't have to tell you squat.
I was late to the meeting because of a traffic jam.
The traffic was heavy so I was late for the meeting.
You have to study more.
Summer this year is cold.
Throughout the Scriptures, we find this usage of the number forty.
She left the room.
You will see, if you look, that those words have an immediate and a much wider context.
His times were to see the beginning and the carrying forward, to some quite serious degree, of the fulfilment of these words.
The New Testament underscores the importance of this typological number.
I am a policeman.
The immediate context, then, was that of Jerusalem, and Jerusalem as the symbol and representation of the nation.
There is nothing about Easter in the Bible.
Easter is never mentioned by the Lord or the apostles, nor was it ever observed by the early church!
A widow had three daughters.
You know that that is the cry of the prophets.
It is a tragic situation when the people of God lose their authority in the world, and they always do so when they mix in with the world, and when the world is mixed in with them.
We see the crumbling of the nation, the breaking up and disintegration, until the only suitable picture is that of the valley of dry bones, very many and much scattered, unrelated, unarticulated, disintegrated.
There were two Spanish firemen, called José and Josbí.
They sacrificed forbidden swine, and put to death all who refused to eat.
Their savage cruelty against God's people was beyond horrific, resulting in the Maccabean uprising.
Finally, the prophecies lead to the lost glory in and over the people of God.
Shortly thereafter, Antiochus was struck with an incurable disease in his bowels and worms bred so fast in his body that whole streaks of his flesh sometimes dropped from him.
He died a slow horrible death after professing to all his friends that the cause of his calamity was that which he did in Jerusalem.
He guided us.
Our school is in a good neighbourhood.
What do you have planned for the afternoon?
He killed me with one word.
Prove it to me.
I declined for personal reasons.
I refused for personal reasons.
Then came King Herod.
The secret was locked away for aeons.
In chapter twenty-eight of these prophecies you have one of the most amazing, startling and terrible things in the Bible - the king of Tyre.
From these verses, we can see the different description of the same entity: the city, the kingdom, the heavenly Jerusalem, the church, and Mount Zion.
I'm a masochist.
I am a masochist.
What an incredible statement that is.
Jack can't afford a new bicycle.
I'd like to eat.
As the cold season sets in, people who aren't so healthy are likely to catch colds.
This type of person isn't interesting.
This type of person is boring.
I`m calling my sister in Sidney, Australia.
What time is it there?
Maybe it's too late now. I think you should try to contact her tomorrow afternoon. Don't worry, she always go to bed late. She has been studying for a very difficult exam this week. She wants to be a doctor.
I wanna my money back because this computer program is not efficient like they promissed.
How about you? Are you still married my friend?
Do you spend a lot of time with your friends? Who are they? Funny people I think.
What are they like?
So, Who is your best friend? Tell me about him or her? What is s like? What is he like?
My friend is a talkative person.
Sorry, but I have to go now. I have an appointment in one hour. Please don't forget to call me back when I get home.
He is forgetful sometimes so never forget to remind him about the schedules.
Work in pairs is the easier way to solve these problems.
My shirt is red and my shoes are dark blue.
From where do you know him?
I'm so glad you came to my party. You have been my best friend for years.
Sorry but I looking for my sister. Is she here? I haven't seen her for a couple hours since we arrived.
What does she look like?
I expect see her again in the next summer.
She is in the kitchen right now.
Why did you arrive late again?
Nice party my friend. I should have invited my cousins to come too.
The manager for regional operations in Brazil is sick and won't come for our meeting tomorrow.
Regarding the new facility in Brazil we have not made a decision yet.
As you already know, your parents won't be there. It's time to be a responsible adult.
I'd like to thank the staff of both organization for all the work done.
It's getting late and I don't like to go home alone. I have to go if you don't mind.
Clara has been taking music lessons for months.
What do Peter's parents do?
Really you should not have come without permisson.
What is your occupation? What do you do here?
Where do they come from?
Don't forget to turn left near the drugstore and you will see a big church on the right.
Hi friend. How are the things?
Can you lend some money until the weekend? Sorry I can't. I'm broke.
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?
I have to take some photos for my class project.
I'd like to be alone for a few minutes please.
I'd like to take a note of your phone number if you don't mind.
Who does she think that she is?
What do you need to do in order to achieve your goals this year?
Don't forget to ask follow-up questions.
Are you going to get a job this semester?
What college are you going to go to?
Lots of my friends are going there tonight.
Can someone guide me on how to use this site?
I get along well with people.
The bow tie gives him an air of extravagance.
The legend says they never turned up again.
The legend says he was abandoned in the woods.
The legend says he was invulnerable.
The legend says that the day she died, an eclipse darkened the skies.
What are you learning?
What are you studying?
What is the most beautiful thing in the world?
My friend told me that he had bought a new watch.
Don't confuse comets and asteroids.
Don't mix up comets and asteroids.
My brother likes to collect stamps.
What floor do you live on?
He hasn't come yet. He will certainly have missed the bus.
Stop complaining, and come have a drink with us instead. That will change your mind.
There is no longer room for doubt.
In her most recently published book, the author praises the French language.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
He wiped his nose on his sleeve.
He has a lot of money in the bank.
You're wrong.
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.
What's happening now in Poland?
We imported meat from Argentina.
This chair needs to be repaired.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
This lid is too tight for me to open.
Every person in Port Alberni seems to be in a turkey-induced coma.
I don't know English.
The pretty girl in the bikini is Tom's sister.
I defended the republic as a young man, I shall not desert it in my old age.
It's a problem.
That's a problem.
We seem to keep grappling with the same old problem.
We have to deal with the same old problem year after year.
This is the same old problem we've had the past three years.
We keep having the same old problem of people not paying their bills on time.
He hasn't written to them in a long time.
The school should do away with uniforms.
The towel wasn't useful at all.
The towel wasn't at all useful.
We must make a new start.
I feel like having some dumplings.
The towel was quite useless.
It won't take much time.
I'll come round tomorrow evening.
Do cats eat bats or do bats eat cats?
It really comes in handy.
No matter what you say, Japanese Anglicisms are Japanese.
You do not have a good memory.
I am pleased to meet you in Japan.
There is no cloud in the sky.
Someone is knocking at the door.
The bird in the cage is singing happily.
Rainy days makes me unhappy.
"This is cheaper than a new hat", Susan answered.
Do you understand what I am saying to you?
Go quicker!
There is a woman at the origin of all great achievements.
I'm tired of museums, - graveyards of the arts.
The world is a book and each step opens a page.
My parents come from China.
The Japanese team won the gold medal for this competition.
Whatever he says, do not trust him.
Mine is not as good as yours.
This is down the street, on the left.
And so, a tale of pain and revenge begins.
You don't have a good memory.
Some say he never existed.
Some say the boat got lost, others say it was swallowed by a whale.
The legend says he received his sword from the hands of the gods themselves.
You're lucky to be alive.
I hope you're lucky.
The misery of others leaves a weird taste.
Smoking too many cigarettes and drinking too much alcohol is dangerous.
Maybe he's dead.
You have to behave in the church.
Mary woke up feeling sick in the stomach.
Mary has something wrong in her head.
There's something wrong with Mary.
The birds placed a nest on a branch.
Something bad was about to happen.
All his ideas had a strong dreamlike component.
If something goes wrong, you should take care of it at once.
Making politics is getting involved in the issues of society.
I wish I had the chance to learn Russian.
The cheese is not the same color as quesillo.
The system benefits a small group at the expense of the sacrifice of the rest.
You're not seeing protein purification in a course of genetics.
Everything you knew about DNA is not going to help you through this course.
This dogma is rather a paradox.
Many paradoxes are paradoxical only because they sound strange.
Playing with other's confusion it's a good weapon.
That kind of behavior has nothing to do with me.
I'm not involved with any church.
He lived detached from all the troubles of our family.
He just needs a helmet.
Some days I just really want to run away.
This speech by Ronald Reagan was made to commemorate the death of the astronauts in a space shuttle accident.
This phone call is about a taxi driver who calls 911 because of a pregnant woman inside his taxi while they're on a freeway.
It also says that companies existing for a long time are very reliable.
This guide is quite simple because the speaker speaks clearly and with simple words.
It was interesting seeing how the speakers expressed various kinds of emotions while they were speaking.
Albert Einstein once said: "Esperanto is the best solution to the idea of an international language".
You were so close, so we'll give you one last chance.
I was thinking of you actually!
I loved your pics from the church!
If anyone can post the answer to this anagram in the next few minutes we'll release the clue.
I feel like speaking Italian!
Tom told me that Mary was his type.
"Do you know Faust?" "Of course, I've just seen it a little while ago".
The only way to have a friend is to be a friend.
You raped him!
My husband and I are both teachers.
I like drinking beer and wine.
These books and clothes are all yours.
We know you're busy people.
This evening we are going to dine at Mary's house.
I would have left on my trip if the weather hadn't been bad.
Money opens each door.
I quit smoking and drinking.
Now I delete you.
It's a flake covered in chocolate!
No matter what you say, waseieigo is Japanese.
There is something rotten in the state of Denmark.
He tells me, my dear Gertrude, he hath found the head and source of all your son’s distemper.
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
Denmark’s a prison.
I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
We are arrant knaves, all. Believe none of us.
Do you think I meant country matters?
No one believed what you said.
He didn't say anything about himself.
Do you see yonder cloud that’s almost in shape of a camel?
He flew to New York on business.
Now mother, what’s the matter?
Oh, I am slain.
O me, what hast thou done?
What a beautiful view.
Sure I'll come, but I might be a bit late.
She asked me if she could use the phone.
O Hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.
O Hamlet, you have broken my heart in two.
What have you done, my lord, with the dead body?
The way I acted was completely stupid.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
Pray you, make haste.
I never thought you'd say something like that.
O heat, dry up my brains! Tears seven times salt, burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye!
You are wrong. That is not what I said.
He is crazy, no more.
The sun had hidden itself behind a mountain.
It is said that Japanese rural villages had changed a lot.
I will have to work on Sunday.
Somebody threw a brick through my window.
I always wash my clothes on week ends.
I did not see her for a long time.
Tom conditioned his dog to bark at strangers.
Tell me whom you talked about.
All students were against war.
We must accomplish our task.
The sun will rise soon.
I can't quit it, it's my personality.
Why would they call them "Jazz essentials"?
I hope there's still some bread left.
We've already admonished him.
I read informative books as much as I can.
Blood and violence fascinate them.
Denial of self is not the same as self-denial.
The latter means foregoing certain foods, pleasures, or possessions.
This is the love that esteems others better than oneself.
It is the love that covers a multitude of sins.
It is the love that suffers long and is kind.
What is meant by forsaking all?
Take some napkins with you.
I couldn't resist the urge to applaud.
Don't hold back, shout.
A disciple can be forgiven if he does not have great mental ability.
But no disciple can be excused if he does not have zeal.
I don't agree with your methods at all.
The youth is in love with technology.
We were all disappointed with the game.
Betty White is very popular with Americans.
I was already busy planning my vacation.
I don't know for what I'm guilty.
The horses are unsettled about the gunshots.
The cats are curious about the red dot on the wall.
We were all disappointed by the game.
I'm not in agreeance with your methods at all.
Are you all ready to go hiking?
If you think that he's experienced enough with that, I'll hire him.
This medicine is known for its miraculous healing powers.
I want to take part in the bacchanalia too!
Here at Siemens, we insist on the very highest quality.
Sherlock Holmes could deduce much out of the smallest details.
His social success consists in being friendly with everyone.
When are you all going to start with your work?
The men are searching for the Fountain of Youth.
The immigrants dream of having a new, better life.
If you don't like him, why were you talking to him?
I'm warning you that you will be eaten.
I remember very clearly that he threw two pistols into the river.
The magic 8 ball is good for when one doesn't know for what he should decide.
I have to think about the possiblities.
He applied himself a lot on the project.
Password?
That door won't open.
Some flowers bloom in the spring and other flowers bloom in the fall.
Why am I smoking with this sore throat?
Put your mind at ease.
Circadian cycles can be easily appreciated in plants.
The show must go on.
We are determining the biological responses to unexpected changes in pressure.
As expected, expression of the gene was significantly reduced.
Starch degradation is linked to a Circadian clock.
My uncle gave me an hourglass.
My aunt gave me the pendant I'm wearing.
The hourglass will indicate the end of the fight.
Don't throw stones into the river.
Coffee does not arouse my interest.
It was a sunny day when we went to the mall.
Should one use a pickaxe or an oar to mine ore?
Aaron wears strange clothes; people often laugh at the way he dresses.
Redheads often have a pale complexion and freckles.
My friends and I often go to the bar.
You and me are the same age.
She and her boyfriend live together.
Every day I go to the café and have coffee.
A man came over and asked if I was OK.
I drove to town and went shopping.
I ate fried rice and drank some beer.
We miss you and are really looking forward to you being here.
He likes singing and dancing.
We want to go to Beijing and Shanghai.
We will go to Beijing and Shanghai.
I've taken the HSK and achieved the highest level.
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day.
I left Shanghai last year and I've never been back.
Have you heard of the rage of the Son of Heaven?
My name is Tom.
I can't speak Tok Pisin well.
Enough of all this talking!
Don't touch me!
I'll call the police.
Stop! Thief!
It's an emergency.
There is no rule, but there are some exceptions.
She looks like her aunt.
You're always complaining about something.
I have no family.
My financial worries are over.
The USA is the most dangerous place in the world to have a haircut.
Think of everything that you have, and not on the only thing that you are missing.
She left her children behind.
He was heartbroken.
He abandoned his family and moved to Tahiti.
He left his family and went to live in Tahiti.
I've given up on the idea of buying a house.
They abandoned their homeland.
I hate politics.
We hate violence.
He hated lying.
He can play a flute.
He can play the guitar.
I can run.
She can sing very well.
She can skate.
They can speak Spanish.
They're able to speak Spanish.
He can speak 10 languages.
He can swim like a fish.
She is full of good intentions.
She's about the same age as me.
She's about the same age as I am.
He's over thirty.
That lady is over eighty.
She is over twenty.
They're about to leave.
He's about the same age as you are.
He's about the same age as you.
She is better at speaking English than any of her classmates.
He is ashamed to ask questions.
He doesn't tell lies.
He doesn't lie.
Love does not forgive.
This is an autonomous machine.
He had many capillaries burst in his legs.
The police officer blew his whistle.
There's still a lot to demonstrate.
I'm afraid the rumor is true.
Unfortunately, that rumor is true.
Open your book to page 59.
She pointed at him.
When the money runs out, there'll still be one month left.
I moved last month.
Because my nephew was still young, he was forgiven.
Because my nephew was still young, they cut him some slack.
Since my nephew was still young, he was let off the hook.
I've been looking forward to him coming.
I've been anticipating his arrival.
It's only 6 months old!
There's always money in the banana stand.
This graph breaks down the different costs involved in producing the iPad.
He ran away with the money.
She shaved her armpits.
The chances that that happens are minimal.
The world changes faster and faster.
You must quit drinking.
Let's talk man to man.
He wants an apple.
A check is just a document.
Here in the store we sell anything.
I'll never forget the day I fell into the well.
He's away on business.
Turn the lights on, otherwise I can't work.
He was absent from the meeting.
I was absent from school yesterday.
Mother is no more than one.
I didn't go to school yesterday.
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't go to the concert.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't go there.
Since my mother was sick, I couldn't leave the house last Saturday.
Since my mother was sick, I looked after her.
Since I had a cold, I was absent from school.
Since I had a cold, I didn't go to school.
Since I had a cold, I didn't go visit him.
I was absent from school because I was sick.
She was absent from school because she was sick.
Tell me why you were absent from school yesterday.
Tell me the reason you were absent from school yesterday.
I can't tell you why she was absent from school.
I'm testing my new camera.
He was absent from school for a week.
Sally was absent from school for two weeks, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
How did you find the keys?
Ecuador is a country situated in the northwest part of South America.
Russia is the biggest state in the world, and The Vatican is the smallest state in the world.
What river goes through Zaragoza?
How many eyes had the Cyclops?
Do you want to go to the movies?
Will you come to town?
Really? You look younger.
My house is nice.
Your car is fast.
The boy bought a book.
The boys have found a coin.
The writer drank wine.
The writers know many songs.
The boy has come home.
The boys have gone north.
The writers are in that house.
You have eaten the candy.
You are laying in the bed.
The man is old.
My mother is doing the shopping.
Where is your friend from?
Whose clock is it?
The pencil cases are old.
What do you say?
They have many friends.
Why do we have to learn all this much?
I'll go.
Come here, fast!
It's late. You have to go home.
A little village is situated in between both towns.
I trust him completely.
He always keeps appointments.
He always keeps his promises.
She loves cats.
She really likes cats a lot.
Supposing truth is a woman - what then?
Curupira is a character from Brazilian folklore. He's described as a man whose feet are turned backwards and who protects animals and forests.
Somebody cut the brakes.
Her girlfriend has nice curves.
Brake lightly before making a turn.
There's no cure for baldness.
He didn't brake on time, and ran into a tree.
All of our blood goes through our kidneys about sixty times a day.
Life's not fair.
I will never be your friend.
His mother didn't teach him anything.
You'd better have a good excuse.
I lost my dinner.
I have two nephews.
He's married and has three children.
She's annoying and selfish.
Our stuff got stolen, and we missed our train.
The 2011 Women's Soccer World Cup will end in Frankfurt, Germany.
Andris Bērziņš will become the new president of Latvia.
We don't like violence.
We dislike violence.
He bought vegetables and some fruit.
I'm tired, and a bit annoyed.
I'd like mapo tofu, and two bowls of rice.
She never managed to pay the bill on time.
I'm broken.
How would you translate this sentence?
He really likes playing the guitar.
You can't be serious!
I'm trembling out of fear.
I should have known!
I must have forgotten it.
I thought so!
He leaves at eight.
I slept, and you?
May I eat something?
I modified the formation.
He's late. Let's wait until 5h30.
She is Pierrot's sister.
I modified the line-up.
Women are inferior beings, they obey their organs too much. In my opinion, they are only beautiful when they look like men.
A cat is not a human being!
I threw the strange package on the table.
I'd love to know if my luggage is arriving soon.
I can't possibly allow that.
You have a telephone at your house.
The most beautiful thing in the sky are the stars, the most beautiful thing in life is kindness.
Ever since he arrived, everything has changed.
I've known him for one year.
You must pay attention when swimming in the sea.
It's only a matter of adaptation.
My TV is broken.
I was invited to go abroad, but I don't want to.
He is three years younger than dad.
From a distance, that stone looks like a person's face.
I don't like big desk lamps.
Bicycles are greener than cars.
Electric cars are not actually green.
My grandmother has a green thumb.
There's more than one way to skin a cat.
I have to beat my brains out to understand math.
I foam at the mouth whenever someone mentions his name.
You will have to face it.
I wanted to close the door, but I've lost the key.
Cats don't need collars.
If you need any help, ask me.
This castle was built in 1610.
One who has no goals in life, lives only to die.
When you were two years old, you could already count to ten.
Close all of the doors and windows!
The most frightening of our enemies are often the smallest ones.
Don't leave the doors open.
I had a brilliant idea.
I've had a brilliant idea.
It'll be sunny tomorrow afternoon.
Let's try!
I sent the parcel by airmail.
As he couldn't take it any more, he took to his heels.
If I had known, I would have told you.
This book is way more interesting than that one.
This book is much more interesting than that one.
Can you send that by email?
There is only one interpretation possible for this sentence.
Heat up the water until it boils.
I have to excuse myself to Ann.
Before coming to Tokyo, we lived for ten years in Osaka.
Are you busy right now?
A text in Esperanto is written phonetically using an alphabet of 28 letters.
It's already late.
I have to make a call.
Everything she says is untrue.
Do I have to go now?
My new boots are made of real leather and have relatively high heels.
In my opinion, everybody is good but some people are better than others.
I ate a quick lunch.
I think she's forty.
The FBI secretly wiretapped the criminal's room.
He will certainly be punished.
I couldn't see everything.
Don't ask what they're thinking. Ask what they're doing.
My dog is very faithful.
Suddenly, the clouds darkened the sky.
This book is difficult to understand.
Don't swallow these chemical products.
The woman said the spot was hers.
Being a DJ must be really interesting!
That seems familiar to me.
Why has it been getting hotter and hotter these last two days?
You're still the same spoiled little girl I knew two years ago.
All drivers should obey the rules of the road.
Pedro Álvares Cabral is considered to be the one who discovered Brazil.
We're still analyzing the remaining data.
He was lying there with his legs tied together.
My parents call me up every day.
There's nothing worth watching on TV today.
They are fascinated by blood and violence.
I met her in the street.
Teach me how to do that.
We have to rush him to the hospital. He's badly injured.
Bring my hat.
She went on a trip for a few days.
Because of the storm, we weren't able to arrive at the appointed time.
It's been a long time since I last saw him.
She always has time in the afternoon.
It rained during the whole meeting.
There were animals in the farm.
When I snap my fingers, you'll wake up.
Tom makes quite a bit of money.
Now that Tom is unemployed, he has quite a bit of free time.
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.
Tom drinks quite a bit.
Tom is quite a bit older than Mary.
I think that Tom has made a good decision.
I think Tom has no ulterior motives.
Tom didn't have any other questions.
Tom doesn't have a whole lot of time.
Tom had a lot of time to think about the problem.
Tom had no further questions.
Tom had no idea what to say.
Tom had nothing to add.
Tom has a meeting to attend.
Tom has a meeting to go to.
Tom has a message for Mary.
Tom has a pacemaker.
Tom has a point here.
Tom has a pounding headache.
Tom has a rash.
Tom has a reservation.
Tom has a right to know.
Tom has a rough idea about how to solve the problem.
Tom has a severe headache.
Tom has a sister about your age.
Tom has a sister in Boston.
Tom has a sister who can speak French.
Tom has a sister who likes to play tennis.
Tom has a slight fever.
Tom has a sore throat.
Tom has a stomachache.
Tom has a surprise for you.
Tom has a sweet tooth.
Tom has a touch of the flu.
Tom has all but given up.
Tom has allergies.
Tom has already done a lot for us.
Tom has already seen it.
Tom has an earache.
Tom has an emergency that has to be dealt with.
Tom has arthritis.
Tom has asthma.
Tom has been busy.
Tom has been fired.
Tom has been in excruciating pain.
Tom has been lucky all his life.
Tom has been tied up all week.
Tom has been very patient.
Tom has been very unhappy.
Tom has been waiting for you.
Tom has been worried to death.
Tom has complete faith in Mary.
Tom has dark skin.
Tom has his own life to live.
Tom has insomnia.
Tom has known Mary a long time.
Tom has lost control.
Tom has lost his voice.
Tom has made himself clear.
Tom has many friends.
Tom has many regrets.
Tom has my sympathy.
Tom has never been married.
Tom has no choice but to go.
Tom has no idea what to do.
Tom has no need to worry.
Tom has no plans to go.
Tom has no problem with that.
Tom has no regrets.
Tom has no right to say that.
Tom has nothing to hide.
Tom has nothing to lose.
Tom has nowhere else to go.
Tom has only himself to blame.
Tom has overstayed his visa.
Tom has scheduled a meeting for next Monday.
Tom has skinny legs.
Tom has some explaining to do.
Tom has some shopping to do.
Tom has some very good ideas.
Tom has something to discuss with all of us.
Tom has something to do right now.
Tom has something to tell you.
Tom has split ends.
Tom has the opposite problem.
Tom has the sniffles.
Tom has to cook dinner tonight.
Tom has to do something about this problem.
Tom has to fill out these forms.
Tom has to get back to work.
Tom has to go on a diet.
Tom has to go shopping now.
Tom has to go to bed early tonight.
Tom has to lose weight.
Tom has to pay for everything.
Tom has to protect himself.
Tom has to take this call.
Tom has to tell you something.
Tom has tonsillitis.
Tom has two choices.
Tom has two jobs.
Tom has very little choice.
Tom has very little money.
Tom has you to thank for his success.
Tom hasn't called Mary lately.
Tom hasn't changed very much.
Tom hasn't changed.
Tom hasn't eaten all day.
Tom hasn't finished yet.
Tom hasn't given up hope.
Tom hasn't played the piano in years.
Tom hasn't slept a wink.
Tom hasn't spoken French in years.
Tom hasn't sung in years.
Tom hasn't unpacked yet.
Tom hasn't yet made up his mind.
Tom heard a noise.
Tom heard some music coming from the next room.
Tom heard someone calling him.
Tom heard that Mary got a job.
Tom heard that Mary got married.
Tom heard that Mary had caught a cold.
Tom heard the alarm.
Tom heard the temple bell in the distance.
Tom held a knife to Mary's throat.
Tom held his breath and waited.
Tom helped me out of a jam.
Tom hid the money he got from Mary in a book.
Tom hired Mary to do the job.
Tom hoped the medicine would work.
Tom hopes to see you in October.
Tom hopes to see you there.
Tom hopes you understand why he can't take part in your protest.
Tom hopes you'll like it.
Tom hopes you'll speak to Mary.
Tom hopes you're happy.
Tom hung up on me.
Tom inherited a lot of money.
Tom introduced himself.
Tom invited Mary out to lunch.
Tom ironed his clothes.
Tom says he has actually seen a ghost.
Tom told Mary that the cake she baked tasted good.
Tom was in a hurry.
Tom won the bet.
Tom has a lot to think about.
Tom has a heart condition.
Tom has a hard time hearing.
Tom has a hangover.
Tom has a deadline to meet.
Tom had a cramp in his leg.
Tom has a bloody nose.
Tom has a big problem.
Tom has a bald spot.
The ship is sinking!
Strictly speaking, she didn't like it at all, but she didn't say a thing.
I often go to the cinema.
But if we were completely rational, would we then still want children?
I don't like that he comes to me so often.
I don't like him coming to me so often.
A boy and a girl are sitting on the fence.
Stop looking at me like that!
When I went into his room, he showed me the numerous trophies he had won during the twenty years he had played golf.
Men's and women's hats for sale.
The salesgirl couldn't open the cash register.
I can't take this on, because I already have enough problems to solve.
We were quite tired after putting on the play.
It was quite a struggle for him to get this far.
The town church has been completely redone.
Many people are living illegally in the country.
There was an extra problem: the car wasn't his.
In our culture, you cannot be married to two women at the same time.
I'm dying to play this game.
It was a dark, moonless night.
Victory is ours.
Vultures circled above the dead body.
The teacher is sitting on the chair.
I haven't got much money.
I have to go home now.
Thanks, I'm fine.
I think it's better to stay here.
Don't hate me for that.
Did you hear his message?
When he woke up, he remembered the dream as a terrible experience, and from that day on, he started forgetting a great number of very important details of his life.
This place is really noisy.
I must admit that, despite loving our friendship, I think I'm also starting to love you.
What's the difference between an owl and a barn owl?
Aurelie is a young shepherdess.
The CEO got paid in stock options.
When eating, the largest plate is always the table.
Tell him to call me tomorrow at noon.
I think he must go there.
Mexicans are the largest group of Hispanic origin in the United States of America.
I'm bored and I have nothing to do.
If you can't fix the pipe, we'll have to call a plumber.
As we don't use these things, we give them to whoever needs them.
If he gives us this coin, we'll have completed our collection.
If he donates a kidney, he can survive with the other one.
Which is the most powerful sentence in the world?
God then wanted to test Abraham's obedience, and called out his name.
'Take your only begotten son Isaac, whom you love, quickly go to the land of vision, and sacrifice him there upon a mountain.'
Abraham then arose in the same night, and went with two servants to the distant land, together with Isaac, riding on donkeys.
And, to top it all off, he can read Hebrew.
Then on the third day, when they saw the mountain where they had to go to slay Isaac, then Abraham said to those two servants thus:
'You wait here with the donkeys for a while. I and the child will go to pray and we will come again immediately to you.'
Abraham then ordered Isaac to bring the wood to the place, and he himself brought his sword and fire.
Isaac then asked his father Abraham:
My father, I ask where the offering is; here is the wood and fire.
His father answered, 'God will provide, my son, the offering for himself.'
They came to the place that was revealed to him by God, and he there erected an altar in the ancient manner, and the wood was arranged just as he wanted to have it happen for his son's burning after he slayed him.
He then bound his son, and took up his sword, in order to sacrifice him in the ancient manner.
Just when he was beginning the task, the angel of God called out from the heavens, 'Abraham!' He answered immediately.
The angel then said to him: 'Do not kill your child, nor should your hand stretch out over his neck!'
'Now that I have realized that you truly fear God, now that you would slay your only begotten son for him.'
Then Abraham looked immediately behind and saw a ram between the brambles, caught by the horns, and he lifted up the ram to the offering, and he slaughtered it there as a sacrifice to God instead of his son Isaac.
He then named the place Dominus videt, that is, 'God sees', and yet said so, In monte Dominus videbit, that is, 'God sees on the mountain'.
I swear to me himself, said the Almighty, now that you would not spare your only begotten son,
But that your fear of me was greater than his life, now I bless you and your offspring, just so that they multiply like the stars in the heavens and just as grains of sand on the sea.
'Your offspring shall possess their enemies' gates, and in your seed shall be all nations blessed because you obeyed my command thus.'
Abraham then immediately returned to his servants and so they went home with heavenly blessing.
It's better to be approximately right than completely wrong.
I don't like this city at all.
Mary is exceptionally attractive.
Tom is exceptionally handsome.
Forget it!
Mr. Ikeda wants to buy a new car.
That store is exceptionally expensive.
Resolving a differential equation means finding the functions that satisfies it.
The house looks empty since they left.
This idea is not rational.
The plural of horse is horses.
Allow me to contradict you.
I'm sorry to contradict you.
What is the most powerful sentence in the world?
What is the most powerful prayer in the world?
I don't want to read the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya.
It's just an exception.
That's not just bad, it's also punishable by the law.
Did you just do what I think you just did?
Haven't you thought of consulting a psychologist?
Bacteria reply in an autonomous fashion.
He got in with a shotgun in his hands.
For my birthday he gave me a broom and told me to get myself to work.
Now that Mary has left, Tom is happier.
In order to be loved, be lovable!
Tom wanted some more elbow room.
He has lived through three heart attacks.
Japan is a country that is surrounded on all sides by the ocean.
Don't make generalizations.
Antibiotics are commonly enzymatic inhibitors.
Don't ingest antibiotics without a medical prescription.
Many antibiotics come from fungi.
What does he see?
What does she see?
DNA is extracted from a blood sample.
Francis Crick was one of the discoverers of DNA's structure.
They give nothing.
Bacteria are just tiny cells, harmless.
For many, it seems to be ungraspable that one can love life without seeing any point in it.
Eat, and be not hungry.
Who is the current representative from France?
Maria decided to never come back to see him again.
I often err.
Without you, I am not well.
They make me believe I'm wearing the smallest size.
They are perfect for short girls!
Am I ready to go?
We will prepare for a boycott against Western Samoa.
God is sealed in weed, so FREE JESUS!
What effect do I want to have on the target reader?
What is my purpose?
How should organize my writing?
What format should I use?
He's better at the piano than I am.
He can play the piano better than I can.
I can't get out from under the covers, but I need to go to work.
What do I do?
I'm certain.
I am often mistaken.
I often make mistakes.
I literally danced until my shoes came off!
I'm just a messenger.
Have you seen hell?
Do you want to kill me?
Are you trying to kill me?
He tends to lie.
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk.
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.
Daddy, you smell like you've been drinking.
I'd like my egg very, very soft boiled.
Please boil the eggs just a little so that even the whites are not quite hard.
Can you tell right from wrong?
Do you know the difference between right and wrong?
Mr. Tanaka is one of our friends.
Know yourself.
Oh my God! It hurts like hell!
She gave him hell.
He won't die. He is as strong as a horse.
She says you'll bring up the question when the time comes.
She says you'll bring some friends along.
We went to Russia.
I've always carried out my duties.
I can't really afford the rent.
I'm sorry, Tom. I do not approve of your methods.
Turn on the TV.
This is difficult to believe.
Don't copy my answers.
You know this is your responsibility.
Did she sleep well?
At least I have somewhere to sleep.
Now I can finally sleep easy.
Are you sure that you know me?
I'm not sure how to answer this.
Are you quite sure about that?
The room is fully furnished.
I want to buy this toy doll.
I will wait.
She frequently gets sugar and salt mixed up.
I will be through with the book in no time.
There are fifty stars.
Many couples end in divorce.
Nothing should prevent divorce.
They haven't seen each other since the divorce.
Consider divorce.
Tom never wanted to get a divorce.
My wife never wanted to have kids.
I wish I wouldn't have to meet you again.
I've always been the number one.
It snowed.
I'll bear that in mind.
We are Australian.
Thanks to biofuel cells, one will soon be able to power one's mobile phone, MP3 player or Laptop without power plug but just sugar and water.
The only plug-in that crashes on my browser is Flash.
I've learned so much from my mistakes, I'm thinking of making a few more!!
The oil made the floor slippery and caused his sudden fall.
At the start of every weekend, I am both tired and happy.
I need a visa to enter that country.
I don't like the flavour of tomatoes.
Hello everybody!
He's the father of two children.
The Peach Trees are in their full bloom.
Guys, It's my time to go.
Guys, it's my time to go away.
Even a loser can dress for success.
It's a happy thing.
I still have a headache, but I'm feeling better this morning.
I'm happy because beginning today, we have no school until September.
I'm happy because starting today, we don't have any school until September.
The boss of the company, who is a woman, seems shameless.
That dog jumped.
Even if I go make love with some girl before midnight, I will never forget your kindness.
Even if I go make love with some guy before midnight, I will never forget your kindness.
I'm not very good.
The oldest haircare tool is the comb, invented more than 5000 years ago in Persia.
I wash my face every evening to get my makeup off.
Have a bath! You'll feel fresh and relaxed afterwards.
My contact lenses make my eyes dry. Should I use drops?
We buy toilet paper made from recycled paper.
He uses an old-style razor, with shaving cream, for a closer shave.
Take a tissue, your nose is running.
Yesterday I helped my father.
Hurry!
He told me that his father's a teacher.
We won the bronze medal.
They won the silver medal.
I won the gold medal.
Many people uphold the stance that 95% of the DNA is junk.
My ancestors were the pioneers of this land.
They were pioneers in the investigation of cancer.
We are the pioneers of this new branch of science.
I'll have to take an exam on real analysis.
He refused to shake hands with me.
We are not in the forest.
An exception which confirms the rule.
I have two sisters and both are married.
Is this your opinion?
There are approximately 2 million words in the dictionary.
Staying is dangerous.
There's a rock on the floor.
I'd rather work than go out.
Take your hands off my neck.
I spent all day in his house.
Not choosing is choosing already.
When you come to France, we will go to Marseille.
The banks aren't open on Saturdays.
By this time tomorrow, we will have already arrived.
Are there always as many people here as there is today?
How long have you been in Brasília?
1989 was a difficult year.
Text while you're driving and you're 23 times more likely to have an accident.
He is the owner of four very big farms in the interior of Sao Paulo.
We have collected only ripe fruit.
I like fruit such as grapes and peaches.
As a child I often went fishing with my father.
There are very few sentences in Faroese here. I wonder, why is that so?
I'll do it when Hell freezes over.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present".
I don't have a younger sister.
She read the letter, and so she came to learn that he was dead.
The criminal escaped from prison.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood.
Do not open before the train stops.
The exhibition will stay open for another month.
He always leaves the window open when he sleeps.
It has been a long time since I saw him.
Her wistful smile belied the sadness she felt at having to leave.
This is unbearable!
I want much more.
It was a pretty normal party.
I thought she didn't look a day over 30.
This company and I have signed a contract of three years.
Forgive him if you can. He is not guilty.
When Michael is at home, his work is to clean the windows.
The sky is clear. Not a cloud in sight.
I want to see this movie.
She used apples to do the jam.
Who translated this poem into the Tajik language?
One should love one's mother tongue.
Language is the symbol of a nation's existence.
En, Does he have any children?
She has no more than twelve puppies.
If you do it, I might be able to help you.
I don't really understand what you want to say.
It will be also interesting.
He has 12 sons.
He took a shortcut through the forest.
He was more surprised than I had expected.
I love both my daughter and my son.
They debated land reform but never carried it out.
I live on the fifth floor.
His work was anything but disposable.
Before Autumn came Summer.
Cool Autumn arrived.
Please wait until your turn.
Until my coffin closes I will be your faithful spouse.
It would be good if I had a car.
He left everything to her in his will.
I'm also very pleased to have seen you.
But it was all for no avail.
What a sad man!
He is a seven-year-old boy.
Take your hand off my neck.
What's going on with you? You haven't been talking to me for a while now.
You and I are going together.
You should've gone to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out.
I'll slash your tires!
We need to use your phone, it's an emergency.
He stepped into dog doo.
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out of here!
He stepped into dog shit.
I'll drive you somewhere.
Get in. I'll drive you somewhere.
Oh, what the hell.
What the hell is that?
Get the hell out my way!
Get the hell away from me!
The night is hot.
This is going to be easy.
There's going to be hell to pay.
That game was awesome.
How could that happen?
I'm a little rusty.
He's a little rusty.
Don't insult my intelligence.
They almost got us.
He weighs about 300 pounds.
Get in the back seat.
Fuck this shit.
What happened to my car?
I want a puppy.
My daugther wants a kitten.
That was a lot of fun.
We're gonna have a lot of fun.
I just want to have a little fun.
This is a fundamental question.
This is of fundamental importance.
He's a Democrat fundraiser.
He's a Republican fundraiser.
There's something funny going on here.
She reacted furiously.
She burned herself while lighting a cigarette.
I wonder what country will censor Tatoeban first.
My father is at home.
Petro isn't reading a book.
Form a straight line!
Grandfather lived to be 99 years old.
I'll answer you when you've calmed down.
He doesn't have enough money to buy a car.
Her parents both died.
Hurry up or you'll miss the train.
Learn diligently and you will succeed.
Kissing her was a magical, unforgettable moment.
His act was dangerous.
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.
It's almost as absurd as building a nuclear reactor inside a castle.
He got out of the bathtub and shout "Eureka!"
Are we almost there?
She is French.
God forbid!
Stars twinkled in the sky.
A quarrel between husband and wife is like a spring day's drizzle.
Where is your honey that excites the bees, Pyragy?
The loss adds up to more than one million dollars.
All people are not gentle.
Three guesses where I was yesterday!
I met your son yesterday and he greeted me politely.
Don't eat sweets between meal times.
We spent the night in a cheap hotel.
From the tall dune I could see over the whole island.
Does she have children?
He who hits my dog, doesn't really love me either.
Now, listen!
Vultures circled over the dead bodies.
There's a fountain in front of the station.
Are you listening to me?
But your ex is a psychopath!
You should not be afraid of the future.
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.
He was such a materialistic person.
Could you please turn the radio on?
Do you like books written by Franz Kafka?
I was born and raised in Matsuyama.
My roommate, who can't hold his liquor, came home after the party and barfed all over my new shoes!
We are getting close to Halloween and I thought today I would tell you about Halloween.
Halloween was brought to North America by immigrants from Europe who would celebrate the harvest around a bonfire, share ghost stories, sing, and tell fortunes.
You're gonna make me furious!
She made him furious.
The cat is brown.
My university is different.
There is nothing to fear.
You must take your parents advice seriously.
We will be in trouble.
It's a sure thing.
At the station, I had the hardest time finding my ticket.
I haven't got the balls and I know it.
What's it called?
We'll be in a fine mess.
He'll have to do this task again.
I'm going to miss your cooking.
I told you you had to go home. Why are you still here?
I ordered the children to stay quiet, but they kept on making noise.
It's interesting to observe American politics, especially during a presidential election.
I thought it would be easy to do.
I think we should try again.
That's disgusting.
It's revolting.
It's hideous.
Careful! There's a pothole on the road.
But my elder sister can swim perfectly well.
He was beside himself on her account.
My roommate from the barracks, who can't hold his liquor, came home after the party and puked all over my new shoes.
We'll have to shovel the snow off the roof.
She rarely goes out.
The train was about to leave when I arrived at the station.
Everybody knows everything but nobody knows anything.
We all had a good time.
Have you got jeans in my size?
Lucy looked after my dog.
There's no point in asking me for money.
It sure scared me.
He did it without me knowing.
As for me, I have nothing to say.
She said she had been happy.
From the high dune, I could see the whole island.
From the high dune, I had a view of the whole island.
You get three tries to guess where I was yesterday.
I already sent an email to the support team.
I've already sent an email to the support department.
He is probably going to win the next elections.
He could not execute his plan.
I used to be your age.
I used to be the same age as you.
I'll see you tomorrow.
He left without saying anything.
I am ready to die.
The news traveled all around Europe.
She has just turned twenty.
No one knows where she is.
Winter is the most favorite season of mine.
Winter is the season I like best.
I am working at Alibaba.
This issue has nothing to do with you.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
England and Scotland are neighbours.
I found out you talk behind my back.
I don't need no fucking help.
Your older brother is really angry.
Today, I am feeling a lot better.
There is a monster under my bed.
I'm glad you're coming.
I've only seen it once.
I've only seen him once.
Sixty minutes make an hour, and a minute is made up of sixty seconds.
He doubts that I'll keep my promise.
Would you mind if I changed seats now?
I ran into Mary at the party last week.
If you don't want to go, you don't have to.
This hat is too small. Please show me another one.
She brought me a cup of tea.
I don't want to go outside.
I'm going to my room, because I can study there.
I'm going to my room, so I can study.
That company is managed by my older brother.
My older brother manages that company.
I'll be out of town for a few days.
Welcome to Hell, Muammar!
It's your turn soon, Bashar!
Golden guns don't protect you from bullets.
He is behind the times.
We are behind schedule.
Things are only going to get worse.
Things will only get worse.
May I turn down the TV?
I don't think it'll rain this afternoon.
I think it won't rain this afternoon.
She's at the hotel now.
This song seemed appropriate.
I just invented a new word-processor enabling to pronounce them backwards.
I'm glad to be back.
All those efforts came to nothing.
All the efforts went down the drain.
Please show me something cheaper.
It makes no difference if you talk to him or not. One might as well talk to a brick wall.
Chicken pox is a common childhood illness.
Your forehead is quite hot. I think you have a fever.
Many people have been vaccinated against the flu this year as well.
You should clean that cut straight away, you don't want to get an infection!
Is this a flower?
Which one is the correct file?
Which is the correct file?
He is our English teacher.
It'll work for sure.
Surely he left already.
I have a fever and a headache. I think I'm getting ill.
He'll surely get caught and be put in prison.
My doctor said that this sore throat is a streptococcal infection.
You're surely going to forget it before we get to the house.
His cough is getting worse, he should stop smoking!
We'll have troubles for sure.
I've taken some medicine for my stomach ache.
If it's an infection, you might need antibiotics.
I hope you get well soon!
Surely no one will look for this sentence.
The salesman insisted to the end.
Tom could hear Mary crunching on a carrot.
What's that crunching sound?
Tom sat at his desk all day crunching numbers.
We could hear footsteps crunching through the gravel.
For certain, no one will look for this sentence.
The boy and the man are drinking water.
He is the Englishman that is our teacher.
Greeks also eat a lot of fish.
The Greeks, too, eat a lot of fish.
What does the word "next" means?
We have been here since three days.
Since when you have been here?
We are going to stay some weeks, together.
That place brings back memories to us of the happy times we spent with our grandparents.
Klava cuts her expenditures.
Tom tried to cut down on his expenses.
Tom has been trying to cut down on calories.
The more foolish a child is, the cuter he seems to his parents.
His theory was absolutely unrealistic.
When can I call you?
I spoke with the minister myself.
Tom likes to come here every year on his birthday.
Tom doesn't always do what others expect.
Tom doesn't know when it'll happen, but he's pretty sure that it will happen.
Tom doesn't usually do things like that.
I will work.
I'll work.
I'm going to work.
Mum and I are dying with laughter.
A fart is the tortured scream of a trapped turd.
I think I would need to eat them for lunch and dinner for the next 9 months and would be bored of doing it after the first few weeks.
Carrots are cheap!
I don't think they actually get much of a discount.
She said that they don't get that much of a discount.
Which flight centre will your sister work for?
I'm not even sure if that would help or not.
It'll work out, I'm sure of it!
You're a drug addict like me!
You are a drug addict like me!
What awaits you in New York?
I eat chocolate.
You understand me.
The contrast immediately springs to eyes.
That's my line!
Whoever committed this crime was surely out of his mind.
The score is tied at one.
She started screaming, and I ran away.
If the loser smiles, the winner loses the thrill of victory.
I got the thrid degree last night from my parents because I got home two hours late.
Is Mexico a signatory to the Geneva Convention?
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
He's sleeping off last night's bender.
Having found a number of small items missing from my house, I'm starting to think that my housekeeper has sticky fingers.
Every school kid has played hooky at one time or another.
Hey, did you hear? Susan has a bun in the oven.
The nose knows.
Someone should put that dog out of its misery.
That mattress needs to be aired out.
He fashioned a noose out of the bed sheets and hung himself in his cell.
He fumbled with the keys before finding the right one.
I thought Tom was going with you guys, too.
I like this kind of apple.
The cat eats.
What kind of person is she?
Fear has magnifying eyes.
Fear takes molehills for mountains.
Fear hath a hundred eyes.
My hair is light brown.
This person is a teacher.
Which is your favorite store?
I'm learning English.
Return to your place.
Yeah, right, he'll mend his ways. When Hell freezes over.
Yeah, right, he'll get his act together. When pigs fly.
In the Internet age, the once noble title of publisher has been demoted to the insipid "content provider".
He kept on gambling, trying in vain to recoup his losses.
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Kosovo is the heart of Serbia!
I can't sleep.
You are a manly man!
You're a manly man!
I went tanning for 2 months straight every day before graduation and that was as dark as I could get.
I cannot believe you used to be blonde and tanned.
What should I name it?
She wants to come first!
The higher you fly, the harder you fall.
We're in Calgary!
I'm eating.
The winter chaos is driving me crazy, but soon the holidays will come.
I'll go to Paris when I have the money necessary.
A stupid boy called me.
Some people are so anal about everything that they'll one day completely disappear up their own asshole.
He's three years older than my father.
Tom's funeral is taking place this weekend.
I understand Japanese a little.
I speak Japanese a little, but I'm not good at it, yet.
She's a middle-aged fat woman.
I corrected even the smallest details.
George, I have something to tell you. You have a mother, don't you?
Try doing it once more.
I forgot to save the file before switching off.
It makes my mouth water.
Do it yourself and do it right away.
Such a thing as disliking fish because they have bones - that just can't be a reason for disliking them.
Make sure that you do it yourself.
Just saying you don't like fish because of the bones is not really a good reason for not liking fish.
All you do is complain!
I decided to become a doctor.
I decided to become a lawyer.
I decided to ask my friend for help.
At dinner time, don't speak with your mouth full.
When eating, don't speak with food in your mouth.
He conserves some objects of his childhood, such as kites, toys and notebooks.
Can you tell barley and wheat apart by just quickly looking at it?
Just be enthusiastic.
Anyone can tell your interest is genuine.
May I return the car instead?
As far as I am concerned, I don't think that's true.
Since he was very tired, he fell sound asleep.
"Can I see your ticket?" "Yes. Here it is."
Since he often tells lies, nobody believes what he says.
Let's have some watermelon.
Since he had worked longer than usual, he felt tired.
He felt tired because he had worked longer than usual.
"She doesn't like music." "And she doesn't like me either."
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
I took off my sweater because it got warmer.
Since it got warmer, I took off my sweater.
Steak and caviar are my favorite foods.
Since it began raining, I ran into the house.
That is common knowledge in every village.
I ran into the house because it started to rain.
I shoved my hands into my pockets.
Unfortunately, I left my homework at home.
Unfortunately, she didn't come.
Unfortunately, I don't have any money with me now.
Because it rained, I didn't go.
Since it rained, I didn't go.
Because it quit raining, he went out for a walk.
It stopped raining, so they went on with the game.
Since the rain stopped, they resumed the game.
I got cold, so I put on my coat.
I got cold, so I turned on the heater.
Currently, he's our best batter.
At this time, he's our best batter.
At this time, he' the Pacific League's top batter.
He's not the man he was before he got married.
She's not the woman she was before she got married.
He's a man you can rely on.
He's the novelist I admire the most.
He ordered a book from a publisher in the United States.
It's a hassle to take the husks off of chestnuts.
It's difficult to peel chestnuts.
All life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
I was so excited!
I laughed so much my stomach hurts.
It's a terrible climate.
We have to cancel our trip to Japan.
Besides French, he can obviously speak English.
My toe began to bleed.
My toe started bleeding.
She kept me waiting for over an hour.
These shoes belong to me.
Her grey hair makes her look older than she is.
We could hear the bells ringing from a nearby church.
By the end of the trip we were very thirsty.
All of your accusations are baseless. She is innocent, and we will prove that.
All of your accusations are baseless. She is innocent, and we are going to prove that.
Get enough sleep.
He isn't actually the manager.
So far, a cure for baldness has not been discovered yet.
I have a steel bladder.
I have spots in my skin by stress.
A possible explanation would be the formation of pore-like structures.
The area of a triangle is half of the area of the rectangle with equivalent base and height.
I dreamed about a bow.
I saw a bow in my dream.
I saw Yumi in my dream.
I dreamed about Yumi.
I'm completely naked.
Can you pass me the milk?
He has the habit of spitting on the ground.
The years have only given him bad habits.
A bug on the Macintosh version of the Flash software allows malicious websites to covertly eavesdrop on visitors using their webcam and microphone.
You're grown up enough to face your own problems.
You're already big enough to do it by yourself.
You've become old and stubborn.
You'd better open up the curtains.
The days are dragging slowly by.
Now the story is over.
Maria's hair is long.
It's not necessary to come tomorrow.
Please don't take pictures here.
The sporks are still in the dishwasher?
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
Well, I can't spend $12,000 on a handbag, but it's free to look at those who do with righteous condemnation.
What year are you in school?
I'm a second year middle school student.
Which subject do you like the most?
It leaves you breathless.
She leaves you breathless.
He leaves you breathless.
I like listening to classical music a lot.
Could this be the start of something big?
The leader made formidable declarations.
Look for a bald and sweaty guy.
He only knows how to strum the guitar.
Could you pick out the chords?
We have to learn all the songs before the end of the week.
Try playing this scale.
She's not a child.
Sophie was so hungry that she ate everything that she could get her hands on.
The clock is fast.
Which do you prefer: music or English?
Why didn't you tell me that before?
All you should do is follow his advice.
Can you explain it more clearly?
Can you speak my language?
Can you explain it better?
He did not die in the collision. Actually, he had a heart attack before crashing.
This is the kind of work that requires a high level of concentration.
I programed my first computer game when I was twelve years old.
I don't adhere to any particular political tendency.
It's impossible to cross the river by swimming. It's too wide!
It's not possible to study with so much noise!
It's impossible to study with so much noise!
It's impossible to know where he has gone.
Why couldn't you come on Saturday?
My Chinese is not perfect, but I could understand enough of what he said.
You can't install cameras in bathrooms as a matter of privacy.
My history teacher is awful: he begins talking of a topic, and then he starts digressing, and I think not even he realizes what he had explained.
I said hello to her and she smiled.
Do your homework right now.
Could you go to the store and grab some eggs?
Your son doesn't respect privacy.
Which one is more expensive?
"Hello world" is the universal computer program.
As the shapeless mass emerged from shadows, I knew I was in trouble.
Is your husband at home?
You cannot install cameras in bathrooms as a matter of privacy.
I like him a lot, but sometimes he gets on my nerves.
This fruit smells nasty.
He solved every problem.
The wind picked up.
Life's nature is inexplicable.
You won't have the same luck again.
You won't have the same luck twice.
It was inevitable for us to lose.
The coming of chaos is inevitable.
The fall of the empire was inevitable.
The Bermuda Triangle is a sham.
The disappearances in the Bermuda Triangle are inexplicable.
Many tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
A very large number of tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
He sent a letter addressed to his uncle.
Do you have any reasonable explanation about it?
Both he and I are members of that club.
Both he and I were members of that club.
The red belt makes her black dress look even better.
The red belt goes well with her black dress.
Let's shake hands.
The water coming from the faucet is strange. It has a good smell.
This fruit doesn't taste good.
This fruit has an unpleasant smell.
I don't like the way this fruit smells.
My grandfather goes for walks on days when the weather is good.
After his wife died, he lived for quite a few more years.
How about if we buy some tempera for the kids to paint with?
Don't drink the tempera.
I'll buy temperas and paintbrushes this afternoon.
The baby is looking for its mother.
Is there a problem with him?
Can I leave a message, please?
She rarely sings, but I think she will tonight.
It's not easy to be honest all the time.
I hate sushi.
My brother did it in my name.
My brother did it on my behalf.
Don't be silly! You can't drive without a wheel!
You can't survive without money.
One can't survive without money.
I want a computer.
I really wanted to go to the party, but I couldn't.
I tried to help him, but there was no way I could.
I tried to help her, but there was no way I could.
The other day, I bought a camera.
I haven't eaten since breakfast. I'm hungry.
I ran into your mother in the library.
He wants to play tennis when he's older.
Children, listen!
Kosovo is the heart of Albania!
Choose the grammatically incorrect sentence.
Say which of the following groups of phonemes contains one which is not an English phoneme.
He did shoot her!
Are you Tim Norton by any chance?
You must be Tim Norton.
Is it stranger to dream about a bow or about a rainbow?
Nobody feels optimistic today.
Everyone feels pessimistic.
He always told me the truth.
The downfall is inevitable.
You have no idea of how to speak in public.
If we leave him, he'll bleed to death.
When you saw us in the sitting room, he had already told me the truth.
I want to tell you the truth.
If I were to ask him, he would tell me the truth.
Were I to ask him, then he would tell me the truth.
He would tell me the truth, if I would ask him.
Iceland was fantastic.
The people are so friendly.
We definitely need to go back and see some more.
We'll take some snow in December, or maybe February!
The sentence has no grammatical errors.
The sentence doesn't have any grammatical errors.
I've always found this song to be so haunting.
How does it feel to be the best band ever?
Do you ever feel like a sad panda?
That sounds like a really creepy question.
How can you not like him?
I don't know how I'm going to make it through today.
You're a dog.
You are a dog.
I wanna go!
What the fuck does that mean?
I will attentively review your comments over the next few days.
Her waist is about as wide as one of his arms!
Do you come back from Tibet?
Today, it's Monday.
For the authoress of that book, ladders are always steep.
I've happened to cry over the death of an earthworm.
I will dance on your grave.
Please call me when you have decided what you would like to do.
I believe he is not a lawyer.
I loved that book!
I believe he is not an advocate.
Bit by bit, he could attract her with his behaviour.
I'm American, but I can speak Japanese a little.
You have a green book.
Tom wrote Mary's phone number in his little black book.
We have yellow apples.
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
The worst thing you can do is to only do something half seriously.
What is the man doing?
Doing something only half-heartedly is the worst thing you can do.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
I don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can't express themselves clearly.
When was your first love?
They say that you never get over your first love.
They say that you never forget your first love.
Tom was Mary's first love.
I've heard it said that you should never marry your first love.
How old were you when you fell in love for the first time?
I wash my hands because they're dirty.
The boys brush their teeth.
I buy the flowers because I will pay visit to my grandmother this evening.
The shirt is clean and dry.
I'm not a doctor.
Now she suffers for her crime.
I sleep with two quilts in the winter.
I often look up words in that dictionary.
God gives me happiness.
I don't have enough time, hurry up!
The moon lights the way.
There is a fly in the coffee.
I'm walking in the park with my children.
There is a statue of the teacher in front of the school.
Why are you giving money to the man?
I'm eating fruits because I'm hungry.
My wife is wearing a blue dress.
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
There was a bridge there.
Carlos Morel was the first Argentine painter.
This is the first time I've seen a sun clock.
He was buried in the La Recoleta Cemetery.
I'm doing well, thank you.
Now he tells me the truth.
She always cries when he is drunk.
As a result, he gets something which technically is correct, but in its essence is just a mockery.
In my world everyone’s a pony and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies.
Some people watched TV serials every evening.
Students asked many questions at his lectures.
Oleg always answered the questions quickly.
The bus arrived exactly at 8 a.m.
The theatre usually opened at this time.
Jenny washed the kitchen wall twice a year.
The exams started at 5 o'clock in the evening.
The Sun smiled through the window every morning.
The cat has two ears.
I gave some water to the dogs.
There is a statue of the teacher near the school.
Can you sing the Argentine National Anthem?
Can you name the two countries in the world that border on three oceans?
That scares me every time I say it.
We receive and share.
Therefore, each individual human being is worth more than all the gold, silver, precious stones, cattle, stocks, bonds or oil in the universe.
On Calvary’s cross, where you and I were ransomed, Jesus Christ measured out His blood equally for each one of us.
Not a drop more or a drop less of His blood was for a white man or black man, a male or female, old or young, retarded, crippled, blind, deaf, dumb or precious baby in the womb.
He paid an eternal life for each one of us.
All of these resources combined together, could not purchase or equal the value of an eternal life.
Who makes them and what is in them?
This is a representative, not a comprehensive, list of various types of vaccines.
For several entries, there are direct phone numbers.
We certainly are.
We are therefore compelled to inform our Christian family everywhere of the silent holocaust that is taking place in our midst.
That girl is very beautiful.
Which foreign language are you learning?
The book is polychrome.
The book is multicolored.
My new course starts today.
I understand how you are feeling.
I have a comfortable home.
There are over 4000 languages in the world.
In the world, there are over 4000 languages.
Do you have a dog?
Have you got a dog?
It's only a question of time.
He's a bank officer.
She is not as beautiful as her older sister.
They say that animals aren't able to hate.
Mexico is a country in North America.
You should see my cat now.
Carlos Morel was the first Argentine illustrator.
Mexico is a country located in North America.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Don't thank me!
Do not thank me!
I prefer coffee to milk.
I prefer coffee with milk.
What is the last concert you saw?
I've read the dictionary cover to cover.
The pigeons' feathers are white.
He put the book on the table.
I like eating cake.
The concept of resistance is just as applicable in fluids.
I got back from Europe in September.
That's the deepest part of the lake as well.
The electricity cost is proportional to the total resistance of the circuit.
What have you been up to, Erin?
How about with you?
You look foolish.
I know someone who may be interested in your project.
We will hold out until the end.
I'm inside the bathroom because I'm washing my hands.
When did you arrive? Did you arrive today?
How much time are you going to stay in France?
Would you like to visit the city?
I've a lot of work for tomorrow morning.
What have you seen in Tegucigalpa?
I simply don't know what to tell...
One should always tell the truth.
I've not seen anything yet in Tegucigalpa.
Leave it to me, I told him, that's too heavy for you.
You should work now, you should go back to your machine.
I will wait here for you. Come back tomorrow evening.
That's my pencil.
That man is my teacher.
Is your father's friend a woman?
I am not a doctor.
The train is very fast.
I am fine.
I saw her pulling the petals off a flower one by one.
Those huge metallic boxes you see in the ship are called by the name of containers.
The United Nations have proclaimed vast lists of human rights, but the great majority of humanity have no other than the rights to see, hear and stay quiet.
The drummer grabbed the drumsticks and made the music start.
He spun both drumsticks very fast in his hands.
Many people don't know that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
My sister showers every morning.
A great catastrophe is expected.
You said you wanted it by any means!
I need the new version no matter what.
Typing capital letters on a computer is somewhat tedious.
This flower spreads its petals at night.
These are a kind of nocturnal flowers.
We are intelligent because it's easy for us to make mistakes; nonetheless this is very hard for machines.
You should kick that bad habit.
You should get rid of that bad habit.
He saw himself as the world's savior.
I have something urgent to attend to.
Compared to our house, yours is a palace.
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.
A rose's petals are very delicate.
Why are you so tired?
Stay here and wait for her.
You promised me that you would take care of them.
I think there's no point in trying to convince him.
I think there's no point in trying to convince her.
God, hear my prayer.
The snow has begun melting.
The snow has started to thaw out.
He hurt himself upon falling.
What are those people doing?
The patient didn't have a fever.
He's my friend. Do you know him?
Ask for what you want!
You just have to ask for it.
You only have to ask for it.
They say he's sick.
They say she's sick.
The policeman is driving the car.
Nothing really matters.
You can count on him.
He can be counted on.
Creativity is the ability to combine known elements in a new and unusual way.
Tom doesn't think he's as creative as Mary.
Look at this high mountain!
Tom wanted to find a creative way to tell Mary that he loved her.
You and I usually share one opinion.
She and I usually have the same opinion.
The movie that Tom and Mary watched together had a happy ending.
I really appreciate all your help.
I really appreciate the fact that you like me just the way I am.
Anything is OK with me.
Anything the group decides is OK is fine with me.
I have no strong opinion about the matter, so whatever the majority thinks is good is OK with me.
If Tom would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like him a bit more.
It was fun while it lasted.
Tom never said that he wanted to go.
The weather report said that it'll rain this afternoon, but I don't think it will.
If he's late, it's OK to start the meeting without him.
What language do they speak in Korea?
I wish that I could speak French as well as Tom.
Do you have a flashlight that I could borrow?
Do you really think that Tom won't come?
The police officer put handcuffs on the suspect.
Please turn off the radio.
I get asked that question a lot.
The author shies away from any direct accusation of misconduct on the part of the authorities.
My faith in the next generation is increasing.
The turquoise colour evokes the colour of clear water, it's a light and pale blue.
Miriam wanted to marry Thomas.
Catherine wanted to go to the shopping center.
What is the difference between a causal relationship and a casual relationship?
In this country we condemn child exploitation.
I don't call it colonization, I call it systematic raw materials exploitation.
That guy is just exploiting you.
Choose a good password!
You should choose a strong password!
Please choose a stronger password.
She called me very late last night.
I'm getting tired of looking at the furniture we can't afford
He made a wisecrack.
You're welcome!
Some people say the corpus is intended for learners, some think it's more for scientific purposes.
When translating sentences, we often get corrections by other users, so we improve our knowledge of the languages we already know.
I am not in a hurry.
I only have eyes for you.
But I don't really profit from it.
I've sorted 32,000 of the sentences in Chinese to create a list of sentences for learners of the language.
Two thirds of the time I'm around translating sentences or adding new ones.
I really think Tatoeba is a good tool for learners and have even suggested it for all my students.
Sometimes I can't really grasp the meaning of a word.
Just an hour ago or so I had the idea to make a slightly different version.
It would be awesome to have a script which looks for sentences with audio, searches for translations with audio, and concatenates the two audio files.
Can you please take this package to the post office?
I enlisted in the Air Force.
If he should arrive later, you may start the conference without him.
An older man was sitting on the bench.
I want to change jobs.
He sings very well.
She sings very well.
I'm feeling a little sad today.
I decided to try to learn Esperanto, just to make a new experience.
As soon as you arrive, he will make something to eat.
As soon as you arrive, she will make something to eat.
I see you reading.
You need to leave right now.
In England the waiter asked us: how much beer would you like? A half pint, or a pint? Because we still didn't know how much that was, we asked him to show us the glasses.
The city has been blasted to smithereens.
Illegal logging has decreased considerably.
There are workers whose only goal is to become exploiters.
If you load too much weight in this box, it's going to blow up.
The car exploded a few moments after the collision.
The country has resources, but can't exploit them.
It's going to blow up!
Turtles are reptiles.
Tom knew better than to try to kiss Mary in public.
Have you ever had a serious illness?
Have you ever heard her sing on stage?
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?
I hope you found something in the end.
What are you gonna be?
My goal is to look hot enough to not have to pay for any drinks all night!
Since he had a bad cold, he was absent from school today.
Thanks for showing me around last week.
I found something even sexier.
I'm looking forward to your party.
You're so mysterious.
Would you please stop talking?
I blab about the boy all the time.
Aren't you going to be in London this summer?
You guys look way adorable together!
When will you be in London?
It's great out here.
I've missed travelling so much.
I may take some smaller trip before then.
It's very difficult to understand him.
I may have mistaken you with my other friend who has the same name!
I believe I should come visit you in Hong Kong!
If there's a typhoon tomorrow, does that mean I don't need to go to work?
I used it when I was in China last summer.
My secretary is the sweetest person in the whole office.
People here laugh at my jokes.
I love my job.
I'll try my best to respond soon.
My coffee addiction's back in full force.
Good luck with your first week and see you again soon!
You have got to be kidding.
It reminded me of you.
I loved a purple bag there too.
I had to toss up between two of them.
Don't worry if you find a green one you like.
We can always coordinate.
It wouldn't surprise me if we had the same bag!
It wasn't cheaper than any of the other stores.
Don't worry, if that happens, we will just have to coordinate!
If work permits, I would like to go see you guys in April.
I can't wait to go one day.
I need to send you a long email soon!
I hope all is well!
Don't play with fire.
I'm talking about my friend.
After two years, she was already fluent in German.
After two years, she already spoke fluent German.
You have to be crazy to do something like that!
I go for a jog every morning before breakfast.
She came on strong.
In the Dutch town of Maastricht there ought to be 53 churches; some of them are already used as shops, cafés or museums.
In the Dutch town of Maastricht there ought to be 53 churches, but some of them are already used as shops, cafés or museums.
She has shoulder-length hair.
Do you believe in the Great Pumpkin?
Mayuko had a strange dream.
She had a pleasant dream.
She had a pleasant dream last night.
Tom could hear a commotion in front of his house, so he went outside to see what was happening.
I really don't understand what all the commotion is about.
Tom went outside to discover what all the commotion was about.
It caused quite a commotion.
I want to sleep a little longer.
Why do you want to become a nurse?
I love Tatoeba.
The cook is sitting in the kitchen.
You had read.
War is the poison of the world.
He takes a bath every morning.
How much time before dinner?
Anyone can offend an artist's sensibilities, but no one seems to wish to support artists financially.
Perhaps you would like me to give you the key to my apartment where I keep my money, too?
Experts will now pore over the fine print of the contract.
I'm sorry, my father's not here.
Unfortunately, my father isn't at home.
Who wants a bit of cake?
Do you like our wedding cake?
This is my father's house.
He wanted to become a pilot ever since he was a child, and he did.
Since his childhood he wanted to become a pilot, and he did.
She watched the dead, falling leaves.
In the orchard behind their farm stood apple and pear trees.
I'm worried about my weight.
Hello! My name is Nicholas Unless-Jesus-Christ-Had-Died-For-Thee-Thou-Hadst-Been-Damned Barbon.
We used to be human.
I wish I'd met her.
The cat sat on the mat.
Coventry is a city in the UK.
The simpsons are a popular tv show.
Farting is rude.
Quebec is better than France.
Video games are bad for you.
Who ate all the pies?
Does my bum look big in this?
It tastes like chicken!
French people eat frogs and are rude!
Ireland is the greatest country in the world!
Mullingar is one hell of a town!
Mullingar is a party town!
Buncranna is mental!
Donegal-its different up here!
Galway what a place!
While I was in Mullingar I got my photo took next to a statue!
Coventry is a concrete jungle full of chavs!
County Meath is the historic capital of Ireland!
There's no one as irish as Barack Obama!
He said this.
She said this.
What was Mario singing?
I'm not saying his music is bad.
It's just not for my tastes.
It's like some people like ketchup and other people like mustard.
What's your favorite scene from the show?
I can't explain.
Someone wants to come?
I got called out to work.
I'll need to download it.
I may have to wake up earlier than planned to watch it or I won't get a change until next wednesday.
I'm a loser.
You also camp in the Amazon with snakes!
There are snakes in the Amazon.
Where are you off to?
The next time you'll come with me.
250 copies are available from our official shop.
I hear voices.
I don't want to take my medicines.
I have been studying it for five years.
I worked in Rio de Janeiro for two years.
His son disappeared seven years ago.
I thought things would get better.
The people I lend money to never pay me back.
Do you think that's a clue?
I didn't want to go, but I needed to.
We may be short of chairs.
If he asks me that question, I won't answer.
Money doesn't fall out of the sky.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia.
I'm not your slave!
Her life is full of pain.
I cannot help it.
He cheated me.
I'm Antonio.
I believed that he was a doctor.
I thought that he was a physician.
I believed that he was a physician.
There is not enough bread for so much chorizo.
There is not enough bread for so many thieves.
Working hard or hardly working?
I like ants.
I've never heard someone type so loud in my entire life.
It's like when my mom walks.
It's like an elephant.
She's smaller than me.
So, is your brother white?
I know how to keep my clothes on in public.
You two are ridiculously silly.
My left foot just fell asleep.
It's sad now.
We come as a packaged deal.
I was just looking at your holiday snaps.
I hope you don't have to do that.
So I get no reception in this classroom.
I'll be going to Boston a few times this month for work.
Andy can be the farmer!
I don't feel like sleeping right now.
I'm sexy and I know it!
Clap your hands!
A friend of mine wants to go to Hawaii in April next year but doesn't know how much it will cost.
You're gorgeous and I love you bunches.
I love you bunches.
Wash your mouth out.
We have one more day together, let's make it worth it.
It is quite an accomplishment.
I'm about to die.
Did you buy a dog?
Go get some water.
Last Wednesday, I wrote a letter to my siblings.
After reading Tom's forum post, Mary resisted the impulse to post a crude reply.
Tom said something crude about the way Mary was dressed.
Tom doesn't like songs with crude lyrics.
Refer to the instruction manual if you need to fix the refrigerator.
Please refer to the owner's manual for more details.
I wish I could be in Paris now.
It's morning here in my time zone.
I put an advertisement in the newspaper saying my house was for sale.
Tom passed away last winter after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.
Tom drank way too much last night.
Tom paid way too much for that old car.
Some people think the government has way too much power.
Tom spends way too much time thinking about Mary.
It's taking us way too much time to get this job finished.
Tom has way too much common sense to do what Mary's asking him to do.
Tom thought the teacher had given him way too much homework to finish in one day.
I've drunk way too much coffee today.
Tom and Mary had way too much free time on their hands.
It's not such a big problem. You're worrying way too much.
Tom has missed work way too many times.
Some people think that there are way too many lawyers in this country.
Tom thought what Mary asked him to do was way too risky.
It's way too crowded in here. Let's go somewhere else.
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.
Tom thinks Mary always packs way too much in her suitcase.
I think the prices in this store are way too high.
That jacket is way too big for you.
Tom put way too much salt in the stew.
Tom thought Mary's skirt was way too short.
Tom makes way too many snide remarks. That's perhaps why he doesn't have very many friends.
Gérard de Nerval wrote Journey to the East.
I only slept two hours.
I have a Chinese friend and I would like to ask him to give me Chinese lessons.
I don't believe they understood.
She is walking.
It's difficult to translate a poem written in a foreign language.
Don't get angry!
You are three centimetres taller than me.
Dogs that bark a lot usually aren't dangerous.
Where did you find it?
It happened one year ago.
It's starting to grow on us.
I want some food.
He wined me and dined me and then wanted to take me to bed!
I should turn in. I need my beauty sleep you know.
The state can take your children away if they deem you an unfit mother.
And then she let slip a not-so-subtle innuendo about my drinking habits.
It must be really creepy to work in a morgue.
He's been an emotional wreck ever since he found out about his wife's affair.
I may not have a lot of money, but at least I live on my own terms.
If you trespass on his property, he'll sic his dogs on you.
I lost track of all time during our walk in the woods.
If a guy buys you a drink in a bar you can be sure he's looking to get laid.
The DNA test cleared him of all charges.
I don't kiss and tell.
Everyone knows that an escort service offers more than a good massage.
The cops tailed the suspect on foot but ended up losing him in a crowded bus station.
If you testify against him, we can put him behind bars for good.
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.
He kept badgering her until she told him what he wanted to know.
Many sects have initiation rituals for new members.
Stabbing: It can fix EVERYTHING.
Why are you constantly changing flags?
You're not gaining anything by doing so.
Protest takes ever more creative forms in Tatoeba.
Protest in Tatoeba takes ever more creative forms.
Click below to sign the petition!
I sent your present today!
I just sent you a present in the mail.
We can see the northern lights from our house!
They are bright red!
I love this solar storm.
The driver said we don't have brakes!
The driver says that we don't have any brakes!
The professor briefly and clearly described the topic of his study.
I like your friends.
We did have a look around for you!
Did you get our package we sent you?
Can you please pick one up?
Peter really wants a magnet on his fridge.
America, here I come!
It would be too cold for me up there now.
The bus driver told the pupils to keep their heads inside the bus.
The bus driver warned the pupils not to stick their heads out the window.
"Did you hear the news?" "No, I know nothing about it."
Your mamma's so fat, she'd break London Bridge.
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.
Please correct the sentence.
Don't buy this painting; it's a fake.
We complain about our neighbors.
Paolo was found dead.
We've known each other for years.
I'm looking at my reflection in the lake.
He said that his father was ill, but it was a lie.
He said his father was ill, but that was a lie.
I'm in Perth.
Did you give Berty a couple of black eyes?
I think that maybe I won't be able to make myself understood in English.
I want to tell you everything.
He was sitting next to me.
Having sold him the murder weapon makes you an accessory to uxoricide.
I thought you were coming today.
Tom came on Monday and went back home the following day.
Tom came on Monday and went back home the next day.
Just looking at her, you can tell that she likes you.
I'd like to buy this computer, but it costs a fortune!
Did the rain stop?
I'm sure she will return soon.
Thanking you in advance.
There's just too few hours in the day.
Welcome to Tatoeba!
She doesn't like living downtown.
Don't give it to him. Give it to me.
Being an astronaut was always my first dream.
You need to stop playing.
She is a woman worthy of admiration.
She's an admirable woman.
She is an admirable woman.
This day was exceptionally tiring.
This day has been exceptionally tiring.
Don't sit on the table. It could break.
This is our first discussion. I hope it's the last.
It's sad to know that we may die any moment.
You are responsible for the death of the child.
I owe you five dollars.
He didn't give an answer to the question.
They have given an answer to every question.
He still owes me the answer.
I deeply admire Frida Kahlo's life and work.
She didn't give an answer to every question.
You don't need to say it in such derogatory terms.
His jokes border on the insulting.
You got here late, didn't you?
The baby seemed to be in a deep sleep.
The baby was in a deep sleep in his mother's arms.
Bring me my hat.
It tastes a little bitter.
Had you all been fighting when she left?
The elderly have many stories to tell.
You ought to keep quiet when people are talking.
What's he doing out there? Invite him inside!
The woodpecker is feeding its mate.
She killed a hamster thinking that it was a mouse.
He's a man of his word.
Nobody else can enter the building, as it could collapse at any moment.
Maria filtered the water.
I read a book while I eat.
I'm shorter than him.
This is a flower?
One crook plus one crook is equal to zero crooks.
Do any of you know where he lives?
This cat is eating.
Someone's eating.
I have to tell him about it.
I want to tell you the story.
This is where he used to work.
Mr. and Mrs. Yamada will return to their homeland next month.
He works on the farm from sunrise to sunset.
I want to scratch my nose.
My whole body itches.
You can't arrest me for being a clown.
I asked him if he would scratch my back.
Why do you itch so much? Could you have lice?
When he thinks, he scratches his head.
The doctor said you shouldn't scratch your wounds.
Some people think that there are too many lawyers in this country.
My first deed as Senator is designating you as the official jester.
The prince and the jester had a lot in common.
I decided to sign myself up.
This is the first time I've climbed this mountain. The sight is really awesome.
That guy stole my wallet! Stop him!
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Speak of the Devil and he doth appear.
Write something nice on my cast.
You ought to stop smoking.
From nothing comes nothing.
I live and work in Mexico.
She is an educated girl.
Write a poem with three four line stanzas.
The elbow is the joint between the upper arm and the lower arm.
This video will interest everyone who likes classical music, especially those who like the cello.
Would you like to drink tea or coffee?
Tom usually listens to a radio station that plays classic rock.
What is your favorite classic rock song?
Which has the biggest brain, an elephant or a person?
I am trying to memorise the names of constellations.
The sister of your father or mother is your aunt.
Storms at sea impeded our progress.
At work they are at the whim of the boss.
These people speak Esperanto effortlessly, don't they?
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
A browser ignores any indentations or blank lines in the source text.
There are rumors that she found a new job.
The brakes are gone!
The mother is waking up her daughter.
Can you write your name here?
I can't sit down without pain now.
Who's the lucky one?
You don't want to know it!
I will remain at home.
There were 3 in the bed!
You are not good for my health!
My bum hates me today.
Was it a good time overall?
I don't think God wants me to go to work!
I must speak to you later about Turkey.
When will your homework be finished?
When will you finish your homework?
We have to be prepared.
When a fool has high self-esteem, confidence and initiative, he becomes a source of danger.
The Paraguayan scored three goals.
We have not much time.
Glass bottles aren't used much anymore.
You have to respect your rivals.
The team lacked mobility.
You already know you're my best friend.
We'll be back on air shortly.
The poem was written by a girl.
Do you know how his father died?
It's a subject we all know.
My friend was luckier than me.
I hope it is so!
Mom, where is the toilet paper roll?
She told me many stories about her life.
This is the player that scored every goal.
They're all talking about his death.
He knows countless places.
He's a big coward.
The later the evening, the more beautiful the guests.
I haven't met anyone that boasts of being a jazz pianist.
The West watches the elections in Rwanda with suspicion.
She is in a very good mood.
How could this have happened?
I have cut my finger.
Please take a deep breath.
She is a well-mannered girl.
It's getting harder for me to concentrate.
I can't translate this sentence.
I work in a post office during the summer holidays.
She is an American.
Feel your heart beat!
Excessive use of the Internet is not a medical or psychiatric issue.
Compare it to other enjoyable activities: going to the cinema, reading books, going for walks, chatting to friends etc.
There are plenty of examples of people who do these things “excessively”, but no-one says those are “addictions”.
The concept doesn’t make sense.
The concept of “Internet addiction” implies that “the Internet” is some sort of definable activity.
In fact, there are countless, varied uses for the Internet.
It’s a communication medium, not a substance or specific activity.
It’s like saying that someone is addicted to “transport”, “art” or “politics”.
I’ve heard the example of the parents in Korea who let their child die because they were too busy playing video games.
I’m not denying that that happened, but one example doesn’t count as evidence.
Those people did not neglect their child because they used the Internet too much.
They used the Internet too much because they had some underlying problem that also caused them to neglect their child.
This is an example of confusing two things that have a common cause with one thing that causes another.
The crew found a stowaway.
She is not a singer, but an actress.
Today is the anniversary of his death.
Her hair is tangled.
I hope that you will accept my request.
Generally, the men are taller than the women.
He saw in her eyes that she still loved him and hope arose inside him.
Add seasoning, seasoned oil, and chili, to the boiling water.
Bring me that glass of milk.
Take the keys to your brother.
The sun at dusk is red.
Make the favor of dressing up because we're going to get late!
Becoming rich is the opposite of becoming poor.
Don't you know an opposite of 'relief'?
Eating good isn't synonymous for eating a lot.
Be careful! Affective dependency is not synonym for love!
A zombie brain will eat itself.
Remorse is not synonymous with regret.
Yellowish leafs can be synonym for plagues.
She's a hopeless case.
I knew it.
Which dead musician would you like to come back as a zombie?
You look very beautiful today.
Oh, tell me your name!
Parsnip is a biennial species, similar to carrots.
Parsnip is a root employed as a vegetable.
The museum isn't open on Sundays.
He gave me a hug.
The clown it's his most remembered role.
Hug me tight.
Internet gave me the chance to be popular.
My father was son of Argentines and my mother was daughter of Brazilians.
Don't go past the traffic light in red!
We are going to start a research on him.
Our team achieved five medals in total.
He did all he could to protect his son.
I can't understand this word. Do you have a dictionary?
I'm busy by now.
The game is still being played.
I have no clothes to go to the party.
The finals of the championship will be in Mexico.
She loves reading self-esteem sentences.
I thought I wouldn't find you.
There aren't many recreational activities in my town.
It's a little town, but very beautiful.
Don't lose focus.
Astronomy is at the same time the most ancient and the most modern science.
Extragalactic stars can only be observed with optic instruments.
Boredom, routine, and lack of curiosity are the greatest enemies of our brain.
This is what we want from now on.
The umbrella is also a cane sometimes.
Chinese philosophy is the best.
Should I add proverbs to Tatoeba as well?
Who sings better?
From here to there there are only a few kilometers.
A sentence contextualizes words.
Europe's Chinese food is nothing like China's Chinese food.
Chinese people count from one to ten with one hand.
Are you hearing, baby?
I hear you clear.
The conference was carried traditionally.
Forgive me, please!
I almost lose my life to save her, but she never admitted it.
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.
Almost every person in this country is bilingual.
I'm looking for a bilingual partner.
The bilingual school teaches English and Portuguese.
I have not a single dog, I have two.
It seems he's still alive.
I don't have a house anymore.
It's often said that women live longer than men.
She's awesome.
The last time we went out to eat, she paid for the dinner.
What could be the reason?
I'm prisoner for a crime I didn't commit.
He is prisoner, but he is innocent.
There's a great difference between a theory and an idea.
Bacteria are everywhere.
Change the animal!
Play dead so you don't get killed!
We already have the championship in our hands.
I don't have any sister.
There's a small brown dog under this table.
There's a small brown dog under the table.
Do you want to see it?
But your wish is the most original!
My teacher taught me that you can take the square root of a negative number.
Watch that no one is standing at the edge of your bed.
You seem to attract that type!
What's up with that?
He was taken care of by a certain young doctor.
If you want to cry, cry.
I was married once.
Will you be shacking here?
You better give me some money.
I get the idea.
Don't be so silly.
Where's the money?
How do I look?
You're a little liar.
I like having friends in every country.
Young people are organizing in meetings.
I've lived in China for six months.
His view isn't very reliable.
Her mother became mad at us.
We like to learn foreign languages.
She's going to have a baby.
The house has been easily sold.
I don't do this kind of business.
I only need you.
She came back in the room when we spoke ill of her.
Old people are usually very wise.
I was the only one who didn't fall into the trap.
Do you want me to take you home?
Is the road short or long?
Meal time is sacred.
It's not good manners speaking during the meal.
What's the teacher explaining?
I don't accept any kind of comment during my class.
I like teaching little children.
Why are you imitating me?
Says the legend that there are diamonds in the region.
The procession will make its start at the central square.
It's no use blaming each other, we need to find solutions.
He left his wife and his three children to live with another woman.
This hall isn't a movie theater, but you can project a movie in here.
The actor will play five characters in less than half an hour.
The actor must be prepared at the time of personifying a character.
The Burning of Judas is still common in some Christian communities.
The doctor can't examine the patient being drunk.
Why do you give everything to charity?
I don't mind anymore.
Often, the difference between what you are and what you want to be causes bad mood and insecurity.
It's like I always say: you don't discuss taste.
Its taste is wonderful!
I can't distinguish the taste.
I tried to keep track of his declaration.
There's only one model missing in my collection.
We can download and install Klavaro to learn touch typing.
He goes to the park every morning.
In my country, it's usual for pilgrims to beg for alms.
I decided to go away with the pilgrims.
What's the purpose of a life of pilgrimage?
You are not really prepared to go on a pilgrimage.
The pilgrims brought gifts from distant lands.
He was very tall and slim, with long arms and legs.
In dictionaries, "m.n." is abbreviation for masculine noun.
The penis is one of the masculine sexual organs.
My classmates are pathetic. They have studied for four years and yet they can't conjugate verbs! The only student who can speak well is not in the class anymore.
He who has a real friend can say he has two souls.
There is so much to do, and only a lifetime to do it.
She talks to her sister on the phone for hours at a time.
He had lost all hope.
I didn't only give him advice, but a bicycle as well.
Don't ask him for any favors.
People “diagnosed” with “Internet addiction” are nearly always diagnosed with other difficulties as well.
Do you like the Bulgarian circus?
I have a bad habit of biting my nails.
Please wake up.
Sydney is better than Melbourne.
I said it!
You look good together.
How much did you have to drink?
Am I still married?
I think he'll understand this.
At the market where I bought the vegetables, you can also buy flowers.
Tonight I am in high spirits, as if flying weightlessly through the sky.
The government should invest more money in agriculture.
Soldering SMT components requires a bit more experience than soldering through-hole components.
If my husband will find tickets for the concert, he will buy two also for you.
When I get up in the morning, I usually have breakfast in the kitchen.
"When does your sister come back from work?" "I don't know, but I think she'll arrive at home a few minutes before me."
Did you seek out the stripes last night?
Do you miss not being on holiday?
Every day I just keep getting reminded about the places we visited.
They arrived here in 1997.
I play football since I was thirteen.
I've played soccer since I was thirteen.
My friends started the trip three days ago.
They went to New Zealand.
They have lived here for ten years.
I know her since ten years ago.
I want to come back to Lucca.
I wanna come back to Lucca.
I'm in Hong Kong right now.
Did you phone him?
Nobody loves his country because it is great, but because it is his.
Have fun and come back soon.
I can't drive, I forgot how to.
I have to take the cat to the vet today.
French bread is very popular in Brazil.
Everyone knows I take pictures.
Have fun on your trip!
Outing closeted, gay celebrities is a controversial practice.
One of England's kings abdicated the throne in order to marry a commoner.
I told my mom I was gay and it didn't faze her at all.
In his speech, he cast aspersions on all religions except his own.
Do circuses still have freak shows?
The ship lowered its gangway after docking.
Someone left me a voice mail but it was all garbled. I couldn't understand a thing.
The accident left a long, deep gash in the side of the airplane.
He's worried about his receding hairline.
This is an option to consider.
I don't really know what I would like to be when I grow up, but I hope I have a job doing something I enjoy.
I like to be at home.
And I like love.
This young man knows little about his country.
I'd like to have an answer.
Give him a hearty welcome.
Her face reddened as he sang to her.
I'm not denying it happened, but one example can't be called proof.
Are you happy at your own home?
The tigers escaped from the zoo.
This is ice.
Houses made of wood are the easiest to catch on fire.
Does anyone know how to pronounce this character?
Ah, that reminds me of the old days!
Old people were tricked by the shop assistant.
He did everything he could for his child.
We're here!
Are you available tonight?
What do you think of Japan's economy?
I was burnt by the iron.
He's really drunk.
The elephant is an enormous creature.
English isn't my first language.
How am I supposed to know this?
I'm rarely this angry.
What chocolate do you like to eat?
You really should quit smoking.
Can I open this box?
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
Rest time's over!
Should I give you those books to look at?
They're professional singers.
We'll leave in an hour.
I cycle to work.
I'm a huge fan of golf.
He's contemplating the complexity of contemporary life.
Can I help you at all?
I lost the watch dad gave me.
Getting addicted to something and having too much of something are two different things.
I'm not used to walking long distances.
Who does the car belong to when the owner dies?
Everyone should bring their own lunch.
Sorry, what's your name?
He's the tallest amongst the boys.
He's an excellent author.
She lived for a long time.
Switzerland is located between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
I want to watch this film.
He sleeps during the day and works at night.
Yesterday I went and fished by the river.
You might have heard of it.
How long do you plan on staying in this country?
It rained for a week.
She's coming!
I hope everything will be fine in the end.
The whole country was covered in snow.
My little sister looks like my mum.
I waited for my friend for an hour.
I waited an hour for my friend.
Living in the city is really different to living in the country.
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.
I can't afford that.
He's started looking for a job.
Can you show me this skirt please?
She told me her mum bought it for her.
When he retired, his son took over the business.
Don't cry like a child!
He's always smiling.
If possible, I would like to go home now.
Your message cannot be delivered to the following people or distribution lists.
Forgive me if I haven't cooked supper well.
It's sure to be his year.
I recognized her at first sight.
I just got my copy last week.
Is this a compilation?
The Mayor already has a few ideas for next year!
Don't put so much pepper in the soup.
It was very cute!
Caleb has it all figured out.
But the best one was Caleb!
I'm usually not scared by movies, but this one got to me.
Go see it if you never want to sleep again!
But I love sleeping!
The freakin' previews scare the crap out of me!
She put all her jewels into a little red box.
Don't touch it if it's hot!
That book still makes me cry.
That's more like it!
Did you see a sick moose?
I was born there.
A Soviet spacecraft reached Venus' atmosphere in 1967, but lost communication with our planet just when it came close.
Never test the depth of water with both feet.
Tigers are in deadly danger each time they want to mate.
I've never been religious, but hearing the Lord's Prayer in Latin makes me shudder.
How many kilos of meat did you buy?
Take no prisoners!
You didn't come at four. That's why they went without you.
Thomas likes Anna, but Anna doesn't like Thomas.
Thomas likes Anna, but she doesn't like him.
Tom likes both Mary and Alice and can't decide who to ask to the dance this weekend.
This weekend Tom and Mary plan to go on a double date with John and Alice.
Tom likes Mary, but Mary likes John. To make matters even more interesting, John likes Alice, but Alice likes Tom.
Tom gave Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom told John that he would ask Mary to the dance only if John asked Alice.
Tom thinks he loves Mary more than John loves Alice.
Tom is married to Mary now, but at one time he was married to Alice.
Tom is now married to John's ex-wife.
After he was drunk in the beef barbecue restaurant, he had vomited around over.
I saw the dog running quickly in the park.
How would you like your hair done?
The moral of the story is that you can't trust the system.
Long hair is out of fashion.
Are you still studying the Okinawa dialect?
Many fish died.
Many people buy lottery tickets with the dream of immediately becoming wealthy.
A Mr. Brown came to see you when you were out.
A Mr. Sato is waiting to see you.
A Mr. Smith came while you were out.
A Mr. West called in your absence.
Many people die in traffic accidents.
I can see a ship in the distance.
A young man is singing in front of the door.
According to legend, ghosts would appear in that forest, so people would not set foot there.
According to legend, ghosts would come out in that forest, so people would not enter that forest.
According to legend, those woods used to be haunted, so people would avoid entering.
He returned back home after being away for ten months.
All of a sudden, I saw a rabbit running across the field.
I just want a place that's near the beach and the city centre.
Is that too much to ask?
Finally a horse I picked came first.
That's a great look.
It already costs a lot.
I wouldn't ever really do that where I live.
That's where the problem is.
Naoki was poor and lived in a small cabin.
Your explanation won't wash. It's too improbable to be true.
Naoki was poor and lived in a cabin.
Naoki was poor and lived in a hut.
The cabin was torn to pieces by the storm.
Your new dress really looks good on you.
Knowing what will happen is more important than knowing what has happened.
She refers to Nostradamus with the rather cloying nickname "Nosty".
The president's detractors conveniently omit from their criticism all the positive things he's done.
Don't have a house, have a neighbour.
I always have to multitask here.
She said she would be back soon.
I don't love you.
I've been waiting for him since early this morning.
If you spoke less and listened more, you'd definitely be able to learn something.
Tears fell from his eyes.
I have thirteen cats.
We've really been missing him since he left.
Can you speak a little slower please?
Dad says the most important thing is that I'm alive.
God died. We killed Him.
I eat and read at the same time.
To be honest, I don't like you at all.
I saw a friend.
I'm freezing!
His house is by a river.
Do you prefer red or white wine?
Is it going to rain tomorrow?
It's fine, just make sure you don't say that again.
It's not what he said, but the way he said it.
Give to every day the chance to be the most beautiful in your life.
I am the seven billionth baby!
Is it here?
I'm so hungry!
Can anyone here speak Mandarin?
She's like her mum.
How exactly did you do it?
She's from France.
Exactly what method did you use to improve your Mandarin in such a short space of time?
It'd be best if a few more female singers could come.
Is there always a Chinese person next to you helping you type?!
I want to find a blonde, blue-eyed European woman.
Sometimes it's better to lie.
Okay, I'm coming!
That film's really interesting.
She's cleverer than him.
Most young people have mobile phones.
She was raised in France.
It's been three years since my sister got married.
2539 is a prime number.
Do you want me to take you to the doctor?
Tell me when you're done.
I'm not done yet.
The station is near the hotel.
He abused my trust.
Because so many people want a European passport, sham marriages are on the rise.
The collards that you gave me yesterday were delicious.
I put my pencils yonder on the bed.
This is the 66.666th Spanish sentence.
Why is it important to preserve the bees?
"This is the shortest way," the truck driver concluded.
Alzheimer's disease affects mainly people older than 60 years.
This disease affects mainly on the central nervous system.
I have pictures of San Francisco.
What would you do if this was your last day?
Pineapples contain an enzyme denominated bromelain that decomposes some proteins.
Once the eggs are boiled, many of its proteins suffer denaturation.
Travelling is one of the saddest pleasures of life.
Toothache is one of the worst pains I've been through.
Latin is one of the few languages that requires a good knowledge of grammars.
It's one of the best known books in Brazilian literature.
He has a good knowledge of Russian grammar.
Collagen is a protein that aids the joining of tissues.
Meat contains proteins.
I know this kid you don't know.
The government of the United States put down the biggest terrorist.
Every fable ends up with a moral.
Easter week ends up with Jesus' resurrection.
Let's end up this useless argument right now!
I know a very good shampoo that takes seborrhea away.
Mom, Dad, I'm addicted to meth and I owe Big Jim a hundred million dollars.
This church was destroyed by cannon fire.
It hasn't been won yet.
Fate brings us what we don't often wait for.
The doll lived for a very long time, being well cared for and loved, but bit by bit, it lost its charm.
If anything is to be called sacred, it's the human body.
She was accused of lying.
Do you think we will get there on time?
A useful soldier is one that knows how to obey an order.
That book is available in only one store.
There are a lot of famous old buildings in Kyoto.
Is there a delivery charge?
There's not enough coffee.
Am I physically able to eat this one?
I am concerned, maybe he will receive an injury.
We've been delayed by a traffic jam, so we'll need to hurry.
Maybe she forgot my birthday.
Excuse me, what is the concept of time?
He was heard singing in the shower.
I went to Bali in the summer.
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.
They are considered the greatest rock band in history.
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars.
They were treated for hypothermia.
We were shown all of their family photos.
A satellite was launched in Russia last year.
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook.
In Christianity, Jesus is believed to be the son of God.
Many poor students are given bursaries.
It has been found that smoking is bad for your health.
It is said that the war will end soon.
It is rumoured that the prime-minister will resign next month.
There would be no New China without the communist party.
Celebrate the revolution memorial day!
She is lucky.
He has stopped smoking.
It's already seven o'clock.
Bring that here.
Right now I'm reading a book that has been written in English about French grammar.
You can go everywhere.
How many languages have you mastered fluently?
You don't have the qualifications to lead a group.
I have here my brother's daughter with her kids.
You can't play baseball here.
Hurry! There's no time to lose!
No, Sir, I am German.
You didn't lend it to him.
You are thirsty, do you want water?
You do nothing else but eat.
Humph! I don't want to speak about this now.
That takes a load off my chest.
Yes, I am very scared of it.
He would have to be a millionaire.
Upon a pear tree grows a pear.
He spoke too quickly for the students.
She didn't intend to argue with him.
To his surprise, the door opened by itself.
I couldn't go out, due to the heavy rain.
It won't stop raining.
He is behaving like Nelson this evening.
I was at the hospital a couple of days ago.
Her behaviour isn't normal for a young girl.
There is some wind.
It's slightly windy.
Your soul needs to be saved.
We have overcome the first obstacle with sorrow and distress.
He is putting all his effort into the service of the business.
I'm putting all my effort into this project.
She often speaks about her fiancé.
Where ever man wants to sell himself, he will find buyers.
This dog saved that little girl's life.
If you want to get skinny, you should stop grazing between meals.
She took the photo back in her hands.
He must be crazy to act like that.
My favourite genre of music is pop.
Remind me later.
I feel a bit depressed.
Well, just do your best in your own time.
By the way, which language did you learn?
I'm reading things like famous novels which have been rewritten in simplified French.
She didn't try to help him once.
With a physique like his it's hard to believe he doesn't work out.
Impudent strumpet!
I wear sunglasses at night.
Why are men never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
Plutonium-244 has a half-life of 80 million years.
Plutonium-239 has a half-life of 24,100 years.
Plutonium has a metallic taste.
I wrote an email to my friend and he praised me for my writing skills.
You look depressed. Did something happen?
Forget about this guy. There are a lot of men better than him in this world.
Hans was as pleased as Punch.
Don't bury your head in the sand.
When there are no men around, the night is kinda scary.
When there are no men around, the night is somewhat spooky.
A house without women is lonely.
Everybody says that he's an effeminate guy.
Final Fantasy is not a movie, but a videogame.
What's the age of the universe?
The age of the universe is about 13.75 billion years.
Have you ever played Angry Birds?
Once the word is out, it belongs to another.
The team was quite nervous before the game.
I wish to live in a big city.
He was a real drunkard.
I'm sorry! - It's OK. Don't worry.
"I'm sorry!" "It's nothing. Don't worry."
I have a different opinion than yours.
What do you eat at the movies?
Just give me a bit more time.
What's the promotion?
Does that mean Rob is getting lucky tonight?
That is very exciting!
Where are you studying?
Do I have two sisters? I have three sons.
I ride my bike to school.
She told me that I lacked manliness.
It gradually escalated.
He entered the national high school boxing championship competition.
A man who lacks resourcefulness is useless.
He's a late developer.
These four youths share an apartment in the Tokyo area.
These four youths share an apartment in the metropolitan area.
Even though they love each other, they broke up.
It seems that they're bored of married life.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll kiss you.
Gotta catch 'em all!
You're pulling my leg.
The cardinal directions are: north, south, east, and west.
The four seasons are: Spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Alcohol does not solve any problems, but neither does milk.
If a dream is a wish and a wish does come true, I might dream of Disneyland tonight.
I am against war.
I have a lot of photos.
All the young dogs run quickly.
I have to go to the city.
Her father wants her to become a pianist.
In France, the first name goes before the surname.
She is the best in her class.
Thank you, I finally understand.
Bozhena is a pretty blonde; she is the prettiest girl in our school.
10 minutes remained until the end of the lesson.
I have only five rubles.
Do you have a deep bowl for soup?
In the beginning God created Heaven and Earth.
He really wanted to go to the States.
I really love the sun.
Who are you to judge?
I want to participate in this conference.
I don't want to wait so long.
In Japan there are beautiful cities, for example Kyoto and Nara.
The man whom she is marrying is an astronaut.
The two brothers look so much alike that it is difficult to tell them apart.
Do you not like Chinese cuisine?
In fact.
By the way.
That's right.
This is not expensive.
I'm happy to hear that.
Public transportation is only faster than private transportation in urban areas.
I should cancel the trip to LA.
Black or white, a cat that catches mice is a great cat.
What time is the plane scheduled to land?
I was still a student then.
Parents are usually very wise.
I'm not gay, but my boyfriend is.
Nature is full of mystery.
He seems sick.
I don't wish to meet with him again.
I'm trying to memorize the names of constellations.
This is a great question.
Hurry, or the train will leave you behind.
Hurry, or the plane will leave you behind.
He's collecting various data.
Please hurry!
Traffic lights are used to direct traffic.
He bent over and picked up small stones.
I say happy birthday.
The road runs parallel to the river.
This place is arguably the best restaurant in London.
My name is known by everyone in our town.
If I'm rich, I'll give you money.
I'm too fat.
Unity in diversity.
Too expensive!
One way to deal with him is to let him think his own way.
May it help opening the door?
He's not fit to be a teacher.
His request is fair.
Tell me everything.
My news isn't too important to people who don't want to know.
Listen well to the meaning of what I'm saying.
We had gone to watch the shadow puppets earlier that night.
I'm not determined enough to confess my feelings to her.
I'm not determined enough to confess my feelings to him.
I love Spanish omelettes, too!
I love potato cakes, too.
So the first round goes to contestant A. But no worries, contestant B! There's still everything to play for.
Hey, you forgot your kiss. Sorry, your keys.
You are boring me!
The bike leans on the right before turning right.
Are you boring? Sorry, are you bored?
How to get that done?
I love it when he kisses my lips. No, my cheeks.
I'm very hot.
She made some derogatory remarks about her colleagues.
Her handwriting was so tiny it was barely legible.
Cheese, butter, cream, yogurt and kefir are dairy products.
Tom speaks excellent Russian, but his German is abysmal.
Time is on my side.
Please choose a more secure password.
Are you ready to fly?
Sing your most beautiful song to me, show me your soul and let me touch it with my luminous hands born out of dreams, molded by hope and moved by love.
It will be a masterpiece!
It'll be a masterpiece!
I can't complain.
I'm too confused!
I am too confused!
You speak Esperanto, don't you?
I'm embarrassed.
At that point I realized the danger of the situation.
I must admit they have a point.
It is nothing more than an individual's opinion.
Write something.
We're thankful for you.
Is the Pope Catholic?
The government official spoke to the reporter on condition of anonymity.
It's snowing today and it's amazing!
I'm working at a gift shop.
It looks like a great day for a picnic.
What's your favorite underwater enemy?
On building sites, hard hats must be worn at all times.
You had better put on your crash helmet.
There has always been war and there always will be.
How long is the future?
Conscience is the knowledge that someone is watching.
Say what you like about the modern stand-up scene, it's anything but ageist.
My boss thinks highly of me.
Now your eyes must be removed.
Embezzle money? I wouldn't put it past her.
Forgive them, God, for they know not what they do.
I have to translate the sentences.
I must translate the sentences.
My vagina is beautiful!
I live and work in France.
I won't let you out of my sight.
Are you being served?
Are you going to come back to Italy next year?
What were your favourite subjects at school?
Are you excited about being in Italy for the first time?
Yes, I think that I'm going to stay here if my father will give me the permission.
Will you see Sara next month?
When my mother arrives, she will give me some money to buy the books.
They didn't book the holiday, but I don't think they will have any problems.
Certainly they will go on holiday next month.
Tom booked everything: it will be a wonderful party.
They will see each other tomorrow at 5. Maria called yesterday.
That woman isn't fat, she is going to have a baby.
You should eat vegetables and fruit at least three times a day.
My sister works as a secretary in a big multinational.
Wombat is a typical australian animal.
I'm not coming to the pool this afternoon because I have a cold and a cough.
Someone called Mr Dell is waiting for you in your office, Mrs Stevens.
I'm sorry, I don't have a watch and I can't tell you the time.
What time is the TV news, please?
This keyboard is perfect.
How far is Liverpool from Southampton?
The eighth month of the year is July, isn't it?
Is the supermarket open this evening?
Is Liechtenstein a European country?
Did that lady just swear?
I did indeed have a good day!
The price shown in this advertisement only includes the frame.
The pictures in this advertisement are fewer than the frames actually available.
If you wish to see other pictures please contact us. We will send them to you by e-mail.
Contact us to check availability.
Ours are quality frames and not low quality articles. Eyeglasses of this kind are considerably more expensive in any optical shop.
Why don't you take a taxi?
Usually I go to bed after midnight.
Now I know why people get into so many car accidents when it rains.
I am thankful for friends who keep me active and social.
I can relate with people from different nations and culture thanks to my foreign experience.
Her favourite food as a child was pizza.
Am I good or what?
How's your sister today?
When was Lucia born?
What did you do last Christmas?
What do you like doing in your free time?
They are professors.
I love my homeland.
You can come to my party, but you have to bring me a gift.
I'm really anxious to know what my parents are going to give me for my birthday.
"We were invited to their wedding." "Is that so? Well, what are you going to get them?
I hate going to girls' birthday parties. I never know what to get them.
Dad, what are you going to get me for Christmas?
This kind of wood is tough to saw through.
You and he have to do the job.
We're going to detonate the bomb in a few moments.
This is the truth, I assure you!
There's a package in the mail for you.
I've already gone through several marriages, but none of them gave me the happiness I deserve.
He is a viler human being (if you can even call him that) than I could've ever known.
Those two aren't similar. They're the same.
My God, she has really bad breath.
There were many delicious snacks at the party.
The pay cuts didn't go down well with the company staff.
A sumo wrestler thinks nothing of consuming 20,000 calories a day.
English is one of the easiest languages to speak badly, but the most difficult to use well.
My children have to stay indoors after dark.
Good things come to those who wait.
Grow up!
He looks his age.
A lot of imagination is needed to try to add new sentences here.
Drink some coffee. It tastes very good, I think.
Actually, he thanked some of his popularity to his mother.
Cheese and other dairy products do not agree with me.
It is good to remember those who go to bed hungry.
Every virtue has its corresponding vice.
The results of the study were sobering, to say the least.
Are you bored?
Mozi proclaims: to have music is wrong.
I feed my hares with grass.
Was he really boring?
Were you really boring?
This is the mystery book I enjoyed reading the most.
This film is a drama.
This film is a comedy.
This game is based on a novel.
The riot began with the southern people.
In the sixteenth century Ottoman Turks attempted to construct a canal in Egypt to unite Mediterranean Sea and Red Sea.
The prophet Muhammad died in Medina in 632.
The Holy Inquisition started with Pope Lucius III.
Have you ever used a Dvorak keyboard?
It's not worth it to work anymore.
Viruses are much smaller than bacteria.
A water molecule is composed by three atoms: two hydrogen and one oxygen.
It won't be easy finding someone who is qualified to take his place.
Changing a puncture gives a lot of work.
With her unusually lively gestures, she pulled our attention onto her.
You are easily distracted.
A creaking door hangs long on its hinges.
I guess what I've said isn't all that clear, but that's the only way I can explain it.
I wouldn’t go there for all the tea in China!
The last one was Tina's suggestion.
This is mine!
A ball hit her right leg.
You're doing it the wrong way.
You are doing it the wrong way.
The engine stopped while it was idling.
Last but not least ....
You can get a car license after you turn eighteen.
Cucumbers are related to watermelons.
The deer ran for its life.
Dogs are faithful animals.
The driver is deeply attached to his old car.
Yesterday, a farewell party was held for Mr. Jones.
A farewell party was held for Mr. Smith.
I will give you this.
Your hair smells like spring.
That apple isn't red.
Ambiguous phrases often lead to amusing interpretations.
There is a quite old vine at Maribor.
I'm listening to you.
We helped him financially.
Tom has never been punctual.
I'm tired because I walked too much.
So, where shall we begin?
Turn right at the end of that street.
Tom likes oranges and eats around 3 or 4 of them per week.
Everyone is asking me how is to be colorblind.
I hope I never meet him again.
That has nothing to do with him.
I sent this message to Todd.
Show it to mom!
They changed the world.
The dead man was involved in a fight.
There was a chain-reaction crash during rush hour.
I remember it!
In Spain and France, we buy fresh bread every day.
I like the yogurt without preservatives.
He set a very good time.
The weather was very good.
In Bilbao sex isn't a sin but a miracle.
We've got news for you.
Indeed, I keep the closet closed.
Indeed, I keep the cupboard closed.
What would be your chances to answer this question right, if you chose one of the following possibilities at random? A: 25%, B: 50%, C: 0%, D: 25%
I'm allergic to lobsters.
I'm allergic to antibiotics.
If you won't free yourself from this sadness soon, it will poison your whole life.
You are so smart!
It is your right.
Do you remember it?
We're coming back!
We are coming back!
We had fun that night!
Come to see us!
I satisfied you, right?
I contented you, right?
I pleased you, right?
This is the best way to spend my Monday!
Please sit down!
Where are we going next?
Where's my invite?
Where is my invite?
I told you he would say yes when you asked him!
We are so happy.
Go ahead, give America all your hard earned money.
I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
I don't think we're ready.
Sober drivers are people too.
A farewell party was held for the executive who was retiring.
Would you like a glass of wine?
A colleague is coming to visit me.
My colleague and her husband are both American.
I always take the subway, to go to the city.
Are we going on foot?
We can go both on foot.
Please go to school.
I went there.
Except for a few minor mistakes, your writing is good.
A friend of mine came to visit me at my office.
A gardener was called in to design the garden.
Gargling with salt water helps stop coughing.
There is a gas station is one kilometer ahead.
Many accidents happen every year.
Many citizens joined the army.
Many citizens enlisted in the army.
A good coach is like a father to his players.
That was a great party.
A green carpet won't go well with these blue curtains.
I killed her by drowning her in a tub filled with Neo Kobe pizza.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, that is to say Tokyo.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, in other words Tokyo.
A group of gangsters stole the money.
A good idea came to me.
I ate a large dinner and felt satisfied.
I ate a large dinner and my hunger was satisfied.
Horses are animals.
Horses are friendly animals.
Her mother scolded her for being late for supper.
A wooden house burns more easily than a stone house.
Houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone.
This has been a paradox, but now the time gives it proof.
The huge tanker has just left the dock.
A huge tanker just pulled out from the dock.
The hunter hunted rabbits with his dog.
Japanese gardens usually have ponds.
Make it a little louder.
Make it a little bigger.
Make it a little larger.
Turn it up.
Turn up the volume.
Please turn up the sound.
A long piece of thread easily becomes tangled up.
Many clients come to that lawyer for advice.
A lot of wild animals died because there wasn't any food.
A man came to visit you last night.
A person with common sense would never do this kind of thing.
If for some reason a man stopped thinking, that man would no longer be a man.
A mile is about 1,600 meters.
A monument was erected in memory of the deceased.
A really bad thing happened to him.
An extremely terrible thing happened to him.
One mouse is running around in the room.
A mouse is running around the room.
A Mr. Brown wants you on the phone.
There's a telephone call from a person named Brown.
A Mr. Jones came while you were out.
A person named Jones came while you were out.
A Mr. Jones has come to see you.
A person named Jones has come to see you.
There is a Mr. Kimura on the line for you.
A Mr. Kimura is calling you.
A Mr. Marconi wants to see you.
A Mr. Miller wants to see you.
A Mr. Ono called to see you.
A person named Ono has dropped by to see you.
A person named Sato came to visit while you were out.
A Mr. Sato came to visit while you were out.
A Mr. Sato came to see you while you were out.
A Mr. Smith came to see you while you were out.
A Mr. West called while you were out.
A person named West called while you were out.
A Mr. Williams came to see you yesterday.
A nail punctured the tire.
The new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60%.
The new moon came out.
A new museum is being built in the center of the city.
I learnt to live a more meaningful life.
He is now putting the things in his room in order.
She is now putting the things in her room in order.
A permanent costs extra.
A plastic cup is better than one made of real glass.
An actor has to memorize his lines.
A police car has stopped on the side of the road.
I'll add the finishing touches.
I'm adding the finishing touches now.
After my leg heals, I'll be able to move around again.
I'd be happy if you'd help me.
I'd appreciate it if you'd help me.
I'd be delighted if you'd come with me.
I'd appreciate it if you'd come with me.
If you could come, I'd be really happy.
I'll use magic on him and turn him into a frog.
We'll use the house as collateral so we can borrow some money.
I'll buy that old clock no matter how expensive it is.
I'll visit Mr. Brown's house tomorrow.
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.
I'll visit you at your office tomorrow.
I'll visit you sometime in the near future.
Would you please boil an egg for me?
She's now straightening up her room.
She said, she regretted her decision.
What has been your favorite concert of the past 5 years?
I'm ready to help you.
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.
I quarrelled with my sister because she's too kind.
His voice is pleasant to listen to.
Is he someone who is interested in a purely sexual relationship?
Some people quarrel for no reason at all.
It's a volant bird.
It's a flying bird.
Can you break an egg with one hand?
I just withdrew some money today from the bank, so I only have 10 000 yen bills.
Do you have small change?
I don't go to school Saturday.
There was plenty of blood.
Ding, ding! It's the right answer!
Where did you buy this book?
Tom has never been on time.
Jerry Abershawe was a notorious footpad.
A boy having sold a cow at the fair at Hereford, was way-laid by a highwayman, who at a convenient place demanded the money; on this the boy took to his heels and ran away but being overtaken by the highwayman, who dismounted, he pulled the money out of his pocket and strewed it about, and while the highwayman was picking it up, the boy jumped upon the horse and rode home.
The horse was also valuable.
There's no tape in this camera.
I received a lovely note from her this morning and it totally made my day!
Vote now!
Now it's up to you!
And your sister!
House is an easy word.
I don't like the colour of this house.
I'll paint the house.
Help me paint the house!
I'm painting the house.
I live in the house.
Get out of my house!
I'm going into her house.
See you at the house!
I went around from one house to another.
When will you be arriving to the house?
Are you using this shack as a house?
I'll turn it into a house.
They passed on their message with the houses they built
They passed on their message using the houses they built.
It's hard to live without a house.
He appears to be wealthy, with the numerous houses he has.
A lot of car accidents occurred last year.
Jani lives above me and Mari lives below me.
Mari moved into the apartment below me a couple of summers ago.
I wish that Mari would move out of the apartment below because she makes so much noise.
The water flows under the bridge.
The author wrote some beautiful poems in the beginning of his book.
There are a lot of dustballs under the couch.
There are a lot of poodles under the couch.
I didn't even have time to paint!
Janne didn't bother even to paint, though he usually liked it a lot.
The cat is on the table.
The cat jumps on top of the table.
The cat jumps off the table.
There's a cat under the table.
The cat shot under the table when thunder rumbled and lightning flashed outside.
Huizi asked Zhuangzi: "If you're not a fish, how do you know what fish enjoy?"
This elementary school will be closed down at the initiative of the principal.
We're going to travel to Estonia at the beginning of next month.
We're going to travel to Estonia next month.
We're going to travel to Estonia at the end of next month.
I thought that might be the case.
Griselda fell from the roof.
My cousin is four, but he eats as much as I do.
My cousin is four years old, but she eats as much as I do.
Modern cats don't eat mice.
I want it now!
Your speech lacked some consistency.
How could I guess? You change your opinion every three seconds!
Her car might be more pleasant to drive, but it also costs her more for maintenance.
You speak too much.
This year, Lake Inari won't melt until the beginning of May.
You're worth gold.
In addition, our experiments are consistent with our theoretical results.
We will survive with God's help!
He was walking ahead of the car.
He was walking in front of the car.
He was powerless in the face of death.
An experiment that is not using scientific control methods is worth nothing.
I'll come as soon as possible.
I'll choke the life out of him.
Thank you. We'll do our best.
Since you did the cooking, I'll do the dishes.
I'll explain it in detail next week.
If you eat that much, you'll get fat.
I'll put you up for the night.
I'll let you stay one night.
I'll get him to carry this box upstairs.
We won't be able to escape punishment this time.
We won't be able to evade punishment this time.
We won't be able to avoid being punished this time.
I plan to finish it in two or three minutes.
I'll finish it in two or three minutes.
Can you please shut up?
I get off here.
That company's stock price fell yesterday.
If you leave right now, you'll be in time for the plane for sure.
He kindly answered the question.
You'll get there in time, as long as you don't miss the train.
If you don't miss the train, you'll get there in time.
I'll introduce you to a nice girl.
I'll give these puppies to anyone who likes dogs.
I'll call you later today.
She plans to take part in the beauty contest.
We'll have a goodbye party for Nancy tomorrow.
The boss will be angry at me.
You'll have to wait at least an hour to get a ticket.
Please give me two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
Tom is quite a mischievous child.
Tom seems to have a lot of fun trying to cause as much trouble as he can.
I've been to Canada once.
I've been to Canada one time.
As soon as I've finished doing that, I'll help you.
I'll help you to the best of my ability.
I, too, will come in about ten minutes.
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.
I'll love you until I die.
I'll love you for the rest of my life.
I'll make a little money and Mr. White probably won't notice.
I won't tolerate your mistakes again.
I won't excuse your mistakes again.
I won't divorce you unless you give me a legitimate reason.
I don't plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason.
I won't divorce you unless you give me a good reason.
I'll pay for your lunch today.
I'll visit your home tomorrow.
I'll come to visit you at your house tomorrow.
I'll beat you up!
I'll kick your butt!
I'll slap the living daylights out of you!
I'll smack the living daylights out of you!
I'll remember this incident forever.
I'll never forget this incident.
I'll see to it that you get a raise after the first year.
Let me make you a cup of hot coffee.
Stiff upper lip!
I plan on finishing that in two or three minutes.
This time, you won't avoid your punishment.
This time, you won't escape punishment.
She intends to participate in a beauty contest.
Tomorrow, we're holding a farewell gathering for Nancy.
The boss is going to get mad at me.
In order to buy a ticket, you'll have to wait at least an hour.
You got the whole pillow dirty!
You all got the whole pillow dirty!
Have you watched television tonight?
I think there is more to this.
Did you watch TV tonight?
Tell us more.
Your sneakers are dirty; take them off before you come in.
We can't eat on such a dirty table!
But I dare to say that it is better to face those few but powerful interests, rather than eventually facing the fury of society.
Are we sure of it?
"Are you done?" "On the contrary, we've just been getting started."
He's my uncle, because my father is his brother.
Save up so that you can go to college.
I'm not going to school on Saturday.
Please come into my home.
You are all new students.
How about we have a glass of wine?
Please remain calm.
We're looking for somebody who is well versed in French.
Dadaab is a refugee camp in Kenya.
He asked us if we could draw a map of the United States.
I can draw a map of Brazil perfectly.
He painted the map blue.
The chair can't be fixed.
Where did you all go for New Year's Eve?
This sentence has no owner. You may adopt and change it, provided it will still match its direct translations, in which case you should warn the translators of your changes by commenting on their translations.
I'm going to swim every day.
I'm a good guy.
My father doesn't let me go to the movies alone.
A dozen people gathered opposite the station.
Tap water is dangerous.
The lagoon is very deep.
That's not funny!
How long will you be at your aunt's house?
These green leaves turn red or yellow in autumn.
In Maribor one can find a rather old vineyard.
The dry leaves formed a carpet in the central plaza.
Open the door or we'll knock it down!
It seems that the door was knocked down.
Ambiguous phrases in general lead to amusing interpretations.
The frame still has to be sanded.
The frame has to be sanded and varnished.
I don't live to eat; I eat to live.
I'm going to give you an injection of an analgesic.
The ancient Egyptians believed that the Sun was the eye of the god Ra.
Don't touch your wound.
Better crazy than boring!
It's better to be crazy than to be boring.
Osamu Dazai committed suicide.
The soap irritated my eyes.
The soap stung my eyes.
Quit looking at me like that.
This is the first time I've ever eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
The revolt was led by the southern citizenry.
He covered the whole continent in his private jet.
We hope that the jabuticabas ripen soon.
I'll go through both the good times and the bad with you.
I'll stay with you through both the happy times and the sad times.
I'll treat you to dinner.
Weather permitting, I'll depart tomorrow.
If the weather is good, I'll leave tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay home.
We'll stop at the New Osaka Hotel and pick Mr. Takakura up.
I'll study harder from now on.
Our birthday party will be here.
I'll take back what I said.
We'll reconfirm your reservation for you.
I'll take care of your children tonight.
I'll take care of my parents when they get old.
I'll take three of each kind.
Please give me three of each kind.
I get motion sickness.
They usually sail in calm waters.
I would take it as a sign.
That would have been worse!
I'd like to play tennis with you.
I really want to go to Egypt.
I'll try my best to finish it in time.
First, I'd turn off the fire and then I'd run to a safe place.
Here is the latest interview!
It finally arrived!
She finally arrived!
We are flying to Germany on Sunday.
Go for it!
Tom thought it would be fun to go visit John and Mary for the weekend.
I really don't want to go.
Tom really wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I'll win using whatever means it takes.
More precisely, it is the question of the meaning of life.
At this age, the meaning of life began to interest me.
I don't know what love is.
After many years of thinking, I came to a conclusion that everyone's meaning of life is actually: to find the meaning of life. Every one of us is a unique individual. And every one of us has his own capibility to find in his life one particular mission to fulfill.
After many years of meditation, I have come to the conclusion that for every person, the meaning of life consists precisely in this: to find the meaning of life. I am talking about a unique, specific meaning for the individual life. All of us are unique individuals. And all of us carry a potential inside of ourselves for finding and accomplishing a unique mission in our lives.
I found the key that I was looking for.
After many years of reflection, I came to the conclusion that for every human, the meaning of life consists exactly in: to find the meaning of life. Each of us is a unique individual. And each of us carries in himself the capacity to find and fulfill a unique mission in his lifetime.
No pain, all gain.
The rioters were like animals in the grip of a primitive frenzy.
My car has power windows and power door locks.
Please read the instructions in detail.
This screw is loose.
SCOTT Inc.'s stocks are blue chip stocks.
You're wimps!
The rescue operation was called "Operation Tomodachi".
Why should we not love our own wives? We do love other people's wives.
California is boring.
I wanna travel.
I'm keen for Ireland again!
Did you make it?
Fifty years and not one bit quieter.
Are you watching it?
We are the best.
Did you forget?
What's wrong?
It seems my field of vision is not as wide as it used to be.
You scare me.
I'm worried that I might be late.
He's worried that he might be late.
Darkness favors secret dealings.
I think she can't answer.
Something seems to be wrong with my clock.
My clock seems to be broken.
There seems to be something wrong with my clock.
There seems to be something wrong with this clock.
This clock seems to be broken.
I think he can't do that.
I don't think he can do that.
He asks me to keep it secret.
He lives in a house far from the village.
I remember the year when he began working and earning money.
I am satisfied with my job.
She waited and waited, but he never came back.
Where is Beach 10? It doesn’t exist; in German "beachten" means "to pay attention".
Don't click on the link.
He's a true legend.
There is nothing scarier than death.
That was a good day.
I'm seriously falling out of my chair laughing!
I'd like to bring attention to this picture again.
I'm looking forward to the next month.
It isn't easy to understand why you want to leave.
It is not easy to understand why you want to leave.
All that effort - and nothing to show for it. How very depressing.
He fell for the oldest trick in the book.
This is a mere figment of your imagination.
He spotted five mistakes in as many lines.
Congratulations, and thanks for everything!
This was a bolt from the blue.
This came like a bolt from the blue.
The suspense is killing me!
It was an uphill struggle.
We used a barrel for a makeshift table.
Maybe I should go deeper into the details.
Maybe I should go more deeper into the topic.
We must make an effort and go deeper into the matter.
Her words have a deeper meaning.
As you start to look deeper, you will find it out yourself.
My acquaintance with Esperanto enabled me to look deeper into the make-up and function of language.
Let's have a moment of silence for all those who are stuck in traffic on their way to the gym to ride the stationary bicycle.
How long are you staying here?
The trip was very expensive.
Which is the most densely populated country in the world?
I am thankful for my friends.
I don't have a large number of close friends, but I do know there are a lot of good people, near and far, who I can count on, who care about me, and who want only the best for me.
I truly value my friends and will never have "enough" or too many.
I am thankful for standing on the tops of mountains.
I'm not a mountaineer, and I don't aspire to be one, but it's so cool to stand on a summit and see the world around me from places one can only get to on foot, with a lot of huffing and puffing and sweat along the way.
They'll have a blast.
Is that a riddle?
Give Brian a big hug for me!
Thanks for the suggestion.
Do not mistake patience for forbearance.
He got the job.
Next time, I will wear boots!
I thought it would be like a few little steps with skips and turns.
You are the devil incarnate.
I'm still writing comments.
How many ways can you say 'creative'?
I thought you should know.
Where's my umbrella?
Thinking hurts.
Has anybody been shot?
You should brush up on your Spanish.
That's the man whose suitcase I found.
That's the woman about whom I talked.
Where is the receipt that I need?
I read several books last week, including yours.
He has written three books, two of which are best sellers.
Rain, and I don't have an umbrella.
Next time I will do it myself.
The three main monotheistic religions are Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
Your ad could be here.
I have many photos.
He is too fat to run quickly.
Have you seen it?
Have you seen her?
He did that for his sister.
I scoffed it dry.
He did it for his sister.
She did that for her sister.
She made it for her sister.
Don't miss it.
I'm looking forward to seeing what you guys do with it.
They never give up.
They don't control their emotions.
It doesn't exist.
He doesn't exist.
She doesn't exist.
Speak Italian!
Your journey starts here.
You know what's wrong with you?
The ladies are ready to dance!
I want to learn these dances!
What are you thinking you'd like to do next time?
When do we get to see your pics?
No one can remember his last name exactly.
Let me know.
Do you feel threatened by the traffic lights?
The plane had just taken off when my wife suddenly started to panic.
Peter met Pearl when they were at school together.
The children told me they loved strawberry ice cream.
How long have they been walking?
Jane stopped collecting teddies at the age of 20.
We haven't heard from Mildred for two years.
It was ages since we had had such a good time.
They had never seen our house before.
I'm sure that the last time we had a drought like this was in 1998.
Tony started dating Angela five months ago.
I just realized that I could graduate next year, but I kind of don't want to.
My goal is to get in this album one day.
How's about cooking something up with me?
This is quite possibly the greatest album ever!
Let's get together again sometime soon.
I don't know if you found one.
Can you email me some emergency contact numbers and names for you?
I love the colors of food!
But look at those colors!
Don't let your house smell like tuna.
You're wrong about that.
I think you're wrong about that.
I'm pretty sure you're wrong about that.
I'm absolutely certain you're wrong about that.
You're very likely wrong about that.
Tom reads French quite well, but isn't able to speak it.
Welcome back, Tom. We've missed you.
Animals invaded the houses.
Historians won't believe countries love being invaded.
Suddenly, the prince noticed that his bodyguard wasn't at his side anymore.
A bodyguard is a person whose job it is to guard the body, and therefore the life, of another person.
Productive thinking and creativity are unthinkable without imagination.
His voice is that of a god.
An idea is an immaterial model of a real or a supposed element of reality. An idea is a fragment of our thoughts. When we think something, that single thought is an idea. Ideas are the atoms of the thoughts, and thoughts are a combination of ideas.
One finds valuable minerals in mines.
I think this book is beyond his reach.
Your job isn't easy.
There seems to be a misunderstanding.
This story is for adults, so children won't enjoy it.
I'm sorry, but we're out of stock.
I think it isn't possible for us to make up for lost time.
I think that's wrong.
I'm sorry, but you can't marry Susan.
That news report is inconsistent with the facts.
Home is where the heart is and my heart is always with my family.
Where in Mexico are you guys going?
So I was right.
A group of us from Westmont is going to Ensanada this weekend as well!
Where are you going exactly?
I got up 10 minutes ago.
Everybody knows that he is still alive.
You broke my nose.
Why am I so complicated?
A friend just bought one.
I'm looking into getting one.
What the fuck are you nerds talking about?
You're a woman.
You are a woman.
In my "Agenda for urban mobility", which I am going to present to the Universal City League Congress tomorrow, I will address some of the necessary measurements.
I can't understand your language.
I'm ready to leave.
I'm ready to depart.
I'm ready to start.
Participate!
I'm not a very good carpenter.
I'm not good at carpentry.
If you have nothing to say, keep your lips sealed.
I'm putting myself through school, so I can't have things that are that expensive.
I like sweets.
I'll take two or three days off.
However, it is a direct translation of the Japanese version.
I'm at the beach on holiday.
I'm spending my holiday on the beach.
There are few places in the world that give you such freedoms.
I'm the tallest one in the class.
Are you angry with me?
Perhaps you have misunderstood the aim of our project.
He just came back home now.
He was really the man we were looking for.
I did not see the sign.
That building has changed hands many times.
The doctor prescribed her medicine.
Music has no age.
Where are your keys?
She naturally sacrificed everything for the sake of raising her children.
I warn you. Don't go there.
The child's ball fell into the creek.
I'm allergic to spiny lobster.
I'm allergic to Panulirus japonicus.
I'm allergic to Japanese spiny lobster.
The lake's water is as smooth as a mirror.
Where is the receipt?
Do you belong to an internet community?
What OS and browser do you use?
Mr. Wang teaches us Chinese.
Today's food is quite elaborate.
This guy has fast hands so you better beware.
This guy is quick in seducing women so you better beware.
I'm really glad to have met you and that we became friends.
Not to talk smack on those from any other country, I'm just thankful for my own.
Everyone is responsible for his own stupidity.
I decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
He didn't come on time.
We say that we judge people based on their contents, but in the ends, don't we just judge the based on the part of them that we can see outside?
We say that we judge people based on their contents, but in the ends, don't we just judge them based on their exterior?
If you really have free time, read a book. Borrow one from the ward library.
If you feel like it, read "Ningen Shikkaku".
Or, if you feel like it, read "No Longer Human".
I've never read Dasai.
Everyone dies. I'll grow old too.
I don't really know either.
We have it!
We have him!
We have her!
I went to bed after eating.
Her daughter can recite many poems.
We must sleep outside today.
This is a rental car.
Nothing is impossible for God.
Nothing is impossible for a god.
Nothing is impossible for the gods.
Promise that you will keep your promise.
That's why so many students are absent today.
They had a fight over one euro.
You must wash your body.
Can you please close the window?
Would you please close the window?
Bring me this.
I explained him the procedures.
Would you teach me?
Everyone can speak French well in Tunisia.
This peach is a work of art.
The sewage pipe is obstructed.
Illusions are short lived.
He seized the child's hand.
Have you decided the subject of your thesis?
Kyoto is the former capital of Japan.
My name is Dorje.
I had a lochia.
Which is the fuel that stinks the most?
It's bloody freezing here!
It's brass monkeys here!
Tomorrow, it will be worse.
Tomorrow, it'll be worse.
I have to buy some swarfs.
This is a swarf.
I got a swarf in my eye.
Capri is one the most beautiful islands of Italy.
He is very influential in the world of medicine.
Miss, are there any available rooms for tonight?
You crack me up.
I wimped out.
The climb was worth it.
If left to his own devices, he would never go to school.
Never forget it.
Don't ever forget it.
How come you arrive at this time?
How can you arrive at this time?
This is for you!
I don't know what to do about that mess.
You don't have to buy anything, since we have everything we need.
This is a movie that everybody should see.
This is a film that everybody should see.
You must not forget to wake me tomorrow morning.
Had she been there before?
I had left the key in the office the day before.
Tom and I went to a party last night.
Let's split the bill today.
What are you doing next Sunday?
What language is spoken in France?
Where is my red pen?
Where is Paul?
How often do you go swimming?
Why do you go to school on foot?
Why does your mother always wear sunglasses?
Why are you speaking loudly?
How many times do you go to the beach to swim in the summer?
Whose car is that parked in front of your house?
Whose dog is playing with Tom?
They make toys in that fabric.
I love you in spite of your many, but so many, infinite mental problems.
I can't write sentences, Tatoeba won't load.
I will not sell my soul.
I won't sell my soul.
I'm still alive.
It's unbearably hot.
This heat is unbearable.
Jamie dropped his mobile, but a girl found it.
Mrs and Mr Kent preferred to go to the mountains last summer.
Yesterday afternoon I did my homework, then I saw my friends.
His words are confusing.
Her texts are concise.
The cat chased the mouse, but it couldn't catch it.
We found a recipe for grandma's cookies .
Mom's in the kitchen making cream cookies.
I have cookies for breakfast every day.
We have strawberry and chocolate cookies.
Do you want a cookie?
You don't worry.
Moncalvo is the smallest town in Italia.
Go to the hardware store and get screws.
Italy has some of the best art galleries in the world.
Don't you just have anything else to do?
What would you like to do now?
Deaf-mute people can use sign language to communicate.
My mother is a sister of theirs.
Don't treat me like a dog.
Math is what I'm best at.
Don't worry, I have already fixed it.
The various dialects of China are what 'Chinese' really is.
How long will the train stop here?
It's a bit slow, can you wait for a bit?
He came back at five o'clock.
He came back at five.
You're tired. I'm also tired.
I organized a marriage ceremony last month.
You can go home.
You can come home.
I'll give him the letter.
The moon's so bright.
I sometimes still think about her.
Sometimes I still miss her.
How long are you going to be in Oxford for?
You don't need to work on Sundays.
You're terrible.
You're so bad.
What time do you wake up every day?
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.
I hope I can see you soon.
Fish and red wine don't go well together.
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.
There are so many people at this concert.
It might rain.
He might be young but he's trustworthy.
I'm going to visit him next week.
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.
I don't want to live like this.
Have some coffee. I think it's really nice.
But I don't have any money.
They're playing chess.
These are the decisions we've made.
You speak Esperanto, right?
Forgive me!
Good work!
Long time no see!
There are about ten to twenty students in total.
My boyfriend still hasn't been to the Great Wall.
What book do you plan on reading?
His son doesn't work at a bank.
My daughter sleeps eight hours a day.
That restaurant's too expensive.
My grandfather takes medicine every day.
None of them are drivers.
Neither of them are drivers.
Have you read this book?
Do you speak English fluently?
Where's your watch?
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers.
His younger brother went to Shanghai the day before yesterday.
My grandma just drank a bit of soup.
Was it cold last night?
Children love to sing.
The wind is really strong outside.
I still want to go.
There are so few things like this.
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?
I'm skeptical when I hear someone claim to speak more than five languages fluently.
He died last night.
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he's an adult, he's unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language.
You shouldn't trust people like this.
I don't quite believe it when I hear someone claim they can speak more than five languages fluently.
I want to know where she went.
Rain is the water that falls from the clouds.
He put away his toys.
Who's your favourite TV star?
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.
She's a complete stranger to me.
I married eight years ago.
They're required to work eight hours every day.
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.
Don't forget smoking is bad for your health.
Nothing's as important as peace.
I couldn't be any more tired.
It's already 11.
Imagination affects every part of our lives.
I want to know how long it'll take.
I can't live without TV.
Thank you, I couldn't do it without you.
Let me know if I need to change.
I think exams ruin education.
Taro has a really strong sense of responsibility.
"Mum, can I have a biscuit?" "No, you shouldn't eat between meals."
"How do you feel?" he asked.
If possible, this weekend.
After all, you're right.
We swam by the lake.
I'm very sorry, we can't accept your request.
I'm doubtful that he's going to come.
She still hasn't heard this news.
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.
You made a mistake.
The problem is we can't use our car on that day.
I need a new computer.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
Take it slowly.
Yoshida, don't stress.
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.
I need your passport and three photographs.
We've gone to the park to take photos.
I don't really read newspapers.
The people here are used to the cold.
This is the tallest man I've ever seen.
I don't know if I have time to do it.
We just have enough time to eat breakfast.
Do you miss me?
Are they both the same?
Excuse me, where are the eggs?
I love American food.
I bought this when I was in the United States.
What did you eat? Fish or meat?
I don't go to school on Saturdays.
Just looking at a lemon makes one feel the sourness in one's mouth.
He pretends to be gay.
In the USA, airplanes have bankrupted the railways; the same will happen with Esperanto and English. People just don't know which one is the railway.
Final exams are coming up, so I'm busy.
I'm always busy with work.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
I'll call later.
I'm confident that I'll pass the exam.
I'm sure I'll pass the test.
My mother cooks my meals for me.
My mother prepares my meals.
My mother cooks for me.
My meals are prepared by my mother.
This rule has no exceptions.
I'm displeased with your negligence.
I can't take another step.
You'll have a rough time.
You'll find yourself in a miserable situation.
I had a terrible experience.
He had a terrible experience.
I'm not sure what I should do.
We have exams right after summer vacation.
Exams are right after summer vacation.
By the time you get back, she'll have left.
We probably won't have much snow this winter.
Please ask someone else.
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.
It's been decided that the entertainment for our year-end party will be a question-with-comical-improvised-answer session.
I'm fixing the radio I found on my way home.
One of my wisdom teeth is coming in.
I'm getting pretty tired of driving every morning.
I'm getting pretty bored with driving every morning.
I've gotten tired of watching this boring game.
I've grown tired of watching this uninteresting match.
I'm glad to have this opportunity to work with you.
I'm glad that you can come.
The loud noise is driving me crazy.
I'm going to the supermarket to do some shopping.
Today was a good day, so I'll sleep soundly tonight.
Take away.
Put it on.
We are all in the same situation.
We're all here, to do what we're all here to do.
I am already going to Norway and Finland.
That would be a better idea!
At last! Adobe dumps this shit of Flash for mobiles.
We will have little snow this winter.
What are the other birds?
The clients decided.
Italy lacks of leaders.
Why would I want to be friends with someone who has 4,387 of them on Facebook?
He cussed me out for having lied to him.
Hummers are big gas guzzlers.
He's got the new technique down pat.
My brother's murderer got off with just a year in jail. If that's not a travesty of justice, I don't know what is!
No, Dad!
He got the job by a fluke.
He's moonlighting as a stripper.
I've given this a great deal of thought.
I don't think he was being straight with me.
Fast forward to the part where they're kissing.
The man on the phone told me that if I don't pay the ransom, I'll never see my little Johnny again!
If you keep harping on his flaws, he'll grow to resent you.
Can anyone vouch for your whereabouts last night?
So I boosted a couple of CDs. So what?
My grandmother thinks it's unseemly for me to be dating my history professor.
This country remains the land of the free because there are so many brave to fight for it.
I am thankful for veterans.
Do you like white miso more than red miso? Then, have you tried combined miso?
I've been wearing this denim jacket for 15 years now.
I don't have time to be writing emails. It's study, study, study!
What's the country with the highest population density in the world?
Save the school, not the bank.
We are seven billion now.
Long reign our king.
Mother, mother, you are the queen of my heart.
Mother is cooking in the kitchen.
God doesn't exist.
There are no gods.
I like to listen to music.
I like to keep tortoises as pets.
The sixth prime minister of Malaysia is Dato' Sri Najib Abdul Razak.
I'm really happy!
As far as I know, he's a good person.
Let's start from lesson 10.
Choose the T-shirt you like the best.
I am on my way to one of my favorite places ever!
The way you are going is long!
I sat for some time and then went away.
Did you see the new function?
The parents are criminals!
Tell us what you’ve got planned for your big day.
Please, take a look at my first post and let me know what you think about it.
My brand new blog is online!
People learn from me.
I am aware this is Thursday.
What an inspiring speaker!
You're coming to Montreal this weekend?
That is soo smart and also so cool all at the same time.
How's the job hunt?
Are you having a nice time?
There goes my good pair of jeans!
He implied that something was wrong with his marriage.
Sooner or later, you will succeed your parents won't you?
Midterm exams start next week. Just cramming the night before won't get you ready. There'll be a lot of tough questions. You should start studying today.
I was sure to find you here.
What adorable puppies!
I finally bought the toy.
I'll go to Hawaii by ship.
My father often falls asleep while watching television.
I want to know who called.
I will play football tomorrow.
I will play soccer tomorrow.
I plan to go around the island of Shikoku by bicycle next year.
I'm going to meet Mr. Yamada at the Sakura Hotel tomorrow at 6 p.m.
I'm going to prepare for the final exams this afternoon.
I'm going to get ready for the final exams this afternoon.
I'm going to study for the final exams this afternoon.
I plan to try reading some other books.
There's a policeman outside who wants to see you.
That just goes to show that you are a liar.
This is proof that you're the murderer.
We went to the café that I told you about.
I've never met someone who doesn't like chocolate.
This is the best cake that I have ever eaten.
From the moment that I met her, I hated her.
I've never met anyone who doesn't like chocolate.
I'm jealous because you have a good boss.
I'm envious of you because you have a good boss.
Right now, I'm choosing some suitable clothes to wear during the vacation.
I'm impatient for spring to arrive.
I'm looking at that flower.
I'm looking at those flowers.
I'm looking forward to your visit during the summer vacation.
I'm majoring in American history at college.
I'm not an expert, so my answer to your question is just an educated guess.
The victim had been beaten up and left for dead.
They wanted to dry snow behind the oven and then sell it as salt.
There remain great fears of seeing the clashes degenerate into massacres.
I never know what to say to people who have absolutely no grasp of the basic facts and are too ignorant to realise it.
She applied for a job at the company that had not only bribed local officials but also caused huge problems for her own family.
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool.
I go to school every day.
The policeman caught the burglar red-handed.
There was no food even on the unpainted table.
We're sure you'll be fine.
Why don't I understand English?
Let's have fun!
Why don't you understand?
It snows outside.
For a long time, I've had a habit of going to bed early.
I like this saying.
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive.
Greet god!
How many sisters do you have, and how many brothers?
The bus was full.
Good always wins over evil.
We'll never know.
We decided to have a last piece on the programme at the year-end party.
Don't be intimidated by her degree! She puts her pants on one leg at a time.
The burglar was traced by one of the things she had left on the scene.
You are a panda.
She did not want to make short films, because she wanted to make proper feature films; she had made up her mind.
She broke up with her boyfriend, that is why she often tries to kill herself.
He always looks like he's half-asleep, but once he gets into an argument, he really goes to town.
He is very intelligent, as is his brother.
He's always complaining.
She has a massive puffy coat on and is complaining about the wind on her lips.
It's not that cold.
Are you freezing?
He can't stop thinking like that.
I love when things start falling into place.
I am thankful for rain.
What a smart idea!
You look awesome!
Your crimes have desecrated your ancestor's graves.
Leaving an unburied corpse behind is profanity.
Digging up a corpse is profanity.
Why don't you accept that?
Are you sure you want to do it?
Are you sure you want to do this?
Are you sure you want to do that?
Do you still have the same number?
With teaching and studying all of my time is taken up.
Stop the persecution!
While they were away on vacation, their neighbors looked after the dog.
That's devastating.
People tend to have troubles figuring out when to write a semicolon.
I'd rather die than lose my life!
The cake has gone bad, no one's going to eat it anymore...
You've put too much salt into the soup. Now, no one's going to eat it.
Eat anything you like.
Unfortunately, my neighbor had a traffic accident and fell into a coma.
You're losing yourself in this minor job, when you could be the owner of an international enterprise.
She was bitten by a wild animal.
A squirrel transmitted rabies to my daughter.
Excuse me. Where are the eggs?
A truck was rushing along the road.
I know nothing about this project.
Wait, wait just a little while.
She likes to sing.
Roses are a type of flower and doves are a type of bird.
Do you have a map of Kyoto city?
Forget your birthday? Perish the thought.
Bradford is arguably the ugliest town in Britain.
Listening to the orator's incoherent ramblings was excruciating.
It was too late.
Judy’s memory is patchy, her speech is slurred.
Which season do you like best, spring or autumn?
I think we are still in Poland!
This e-mail is confidential and may also contain privileged information.
What kind of hair style would you like?
I'm already wet!
I am already wet!
I hope he'll be OK.
I moved here yesterday.
Fear prevails.
I am thankful for the kindness of strangers.
I love it when someone I don't know smiles at me or does something kind.
The policeman grabbed the robber's arm.
Seems I have fever.
It seems I have fever.
I don't know anything about this project.
Do you want anything for breakfast?
Jiro is not here.
Do you like it with mayonnaise?
Do all corresponding modifications, please.
Just stick to the protocol, would you?
Whatever story I tell, my mom believes me.
I am very curious about it!
It will be a surprise!
It'll be a surprise!
You will be even better.
The knife isn't sharp.
He's only a subordinate.
Anyone wants to be a flight attendant?
Now's the time to apply.
I doubt his words.
The resolution made at the Millennium - to give all remaining dancing bears in the European Union the chance of a species-appropriate life in one place - has become a reality in 2007 with the transfer of the last three Bulgarian dancing bears.
Oni is the name of a being in the Japanese folklore.
Was it me who said that?
Let's be honest. That joke was about me.
They're not always there.
It's a vague story.
I was looking up musicals in Berlin and there are some interesting musicals to say the least.
What the hell is going on here?
I'm buying so many bottles tomorrow.
Apparently, they nest in a tree in front of the house.
I am thankful to have been given the experience of life.
She was livid when she found out all the lies he'd told her.
Expedited delivery will cost an additional ten dollars.
"I've found a way to make him really jealous." "Oh, do tell!"
We will figure something out!
The odds of ever being born are so slim I feel blessed to be given a chance.
Life is such a glorious experience, I treasure every moment of it and hope to live it to the fullest!
He always asks the same question.
She always asks the same question.
There is a new survey.
There's a new survey.
In some attempts, it is glorious even to fail.
We do something and often don't think about what kind of consequences it will have.
A sperm whale is the biggest toothed whale.
He attaches importance to this matter.
I'm calling you on behalf of Mr. Simon.
Could you repeat the question?
Could you repeat that again?
It's no use confessing your sins to the priest if you don't think twice before repeating them.
The cops threw tear-gas bombs into the building.
This job is tough, though it has other compensations.
I was wondering if anyone could think of a translation for "con atino".
Tom kept getting more and more confused.
"Silence please." "Shut up."
Don't count your chickens before they're hatched.
Some say we Argentinians are arrogant, but that's just because we're the best.
Can you tell the difference?
Is there anybody here?
Someone has to stop it.
I've been looking for it everywhere.
You'd better shut up.
Don't sell the bear's fur before hunting it.
Any further comment is redundant.
Everyone knows that he's no saint. By defending him, we'd be accepting and encouraging his views.
The hare is bleeding from its ear.
He has a heart of stone.
The answer is right.
I want to be a goat.
Did you know "credulous" is not in the dictionary?
Will you be going to Boston with us next year?
Actually she is a loose woman.
He made me smile.
She made me smile.
It made me smile.
Information sometimes varies dramatically according to format: my news feed truncated the last word of the headline "Ex-boyfriend backs Cain accuser".
He and I are almost the same height.
We are on the right road, but let's continue to work hard!
Congratulations to all!
Is it just me or does he look a bit like Obama?
I don't like liars.
I believe that everything will be fine.
How is Asia?
When did you want to go?
You have to find my turkey or pay for it. Go and search the surroundings, it can't have gotten far.
I am thankful for sunshine.
There aren't so many places in the world that are as temperate and so often sunny as where I live.
A bull with short trousers has escaped.
May contain nuts.
Is it a problem?
I liked to make people laugh and that got me all the way to where I am now.
Anyhow, it's the truth that on this snowy night a lone old woman was sitting on the side of the road.
Just as if the card gathering had turned into a ghost story telling party, a kind of dark mood had settled over those present and everyone was silent.
As the three men entered the alley, a bird resembling a crow flew from the top a large beech tree as if he had been frightened.
I was waiting for you.
Speaking about love is making love.
Love is not just a feeling, but also an art.
We can only become what we are.
A woman is only as old as she seems to be.
The one who finds it may keep it.
Even though a daughter rarely likes her mother's lover, a mother always has a certain attraction for her daughter's lover.
I have an attraction for older, chubby women.
It might be because I am near-sighted, but I can't read or write if my desk is not in a brightly lit place.
You're a panda.
You're a bread.
Only humans can laugh.
Why do humans laugh? That's quite a difficult problem.
The students divided themselves into three groups.
I feel like I've become someone else.
I've learned a lot about modern authors.
I learned a lot about modern authors.
Oh, no! We're out of gas!
It'd definitely be worth it to expand on your idea.
I was reading a book while walking.
Give it to me.
Take it!
This bedroom doesn't get very much sunlight.
I don't like to play on the slot machines.
I'm not old enough to get a driver's license.
Those shoes were made in Italy.
This is a true story. A woman was admitted to a reputed obstetrics clinic to give birth.
She might be a little mad at me, but she shouldn't be because I'm fine. I'm finer than fine.
Even when you think about it in a very commonsensical way, a life without laughter is gloomy and cold. Furthermore, it is thought to be unhealthy.
The vote is unanimous.
It's only the poor who are generous.
It will be delivered next week. The camel is still on its way.
He's a bread lover.
He's a bread aficionado.
He's a bread junkie.
He's a bread baking fanatic.
He's a bread addict.
He's a bread connoisseur.
I saw you-know-who at the market today.
The twelve animals of the Chinese Zodiac come from eleven types of animals we find in nature: the rat, the ox, the tiger, the hare, the snake, the horse, the ram, the monkey, the rooster, the dog, the pig, and the mythological dragon; they're used as a calendar.
What time is it in your country?
A widow had two daughters.
You have to melt chocolate in a double-boiler so it doesn't burn.
I prefer regular pasteurized milk over UHT.
Snip, snap, snout, this tale's told out.
How long has it been!
Why is "front yard" two words, but "backyard" is only one?
When I got my driver's license renewed, I had to decide if I wanted to be an organ donor.
Long has it been since the industry has encountered a technological breakthrough, nor even has taken a considerable step forward. This narrowed and shortened the view.
Sometimes I say "yes," even though I want to say "no."
We spent the night laying on the grass looking at the stars, so we could find a meaning or logic to life.
Since you're going to the supermarket, buy some eggs while you're there.
Fucking hell, what idiot dare phone me in the middle of the night?
I sincerely hope things improve for you.
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?
Do you ever stay home?
I definitely do not miss working in the city!
That meeting couldn't have gone any worse.
I have never felt so stupid.
I guess I had better decide before I book the accommodation and flights.
Individuals invent.
Are they busy?
Italy’s borrowing costs have fallen below the critical 7% level.
The Russian Soyuz spacecraft has docked at the International Space Station.
Eat noodles.
We unexpectedly found a cat in the box.
I will send it by email this afternoon.
Last week I quickly read four books in my room.
Everyone likes big pizzas.
The thin man killed the fat man.
That red car hit the blue van.
There are certainly many interesting things you can learn from him.
If the first chapter is any indication, this book has the makings of a best seller.
He tries to improve his English.
It doesn't work!
What can we learn from a dog? Allow the experience of fresh air and the wind in your face to be pure ecstasy.
What can we learn from a dog? Never pass up the opportunity to go for a joy ride.
What can we learn from a dog? When loved ones come home, always run to greet them.
In science, results of experiments must be duplicated by other researches before they begin to be accepted by the scientific community.
What can we learn from a dog? Let others know when they've invaded your territory.
What can we learn from a dog? On hot days, drink lots of water and lie under a shady tree.
They planned to get together here at 7 o'clock.
The government invests little in education.
His father is a physicist.
That man is a criminal. Don't trust him.
Do you know how to tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
That man is a criminologist. Trust him!
The French are our friends.
Read and reply.
Language and culture can't be separated.
In due time, his innocence will be proven.
Tom wondered how difficult it would be to find a job in Boston.
Maybe at the time she accidentally left her car key in her room.
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.
There's no need for you to study.
You have a really good sense of direction.
I'll ask him if he's busy or not.
You're not busy, right?
It's so nice to stay at home.
How many sisters do you have? How many brothers?
"Where's your book?" "On the table."
It's really cold tonight.
Get out! Don't play here!
I still need to use these things, so please don't take them away.
He put his things down and left.
Sit down! Don't stand up.
You ran back here.
You may go in now.
All the things I bought have already arrived.
If you like it, you can keep it!
She can speak a type of Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
That's what I thought too.
No one answered my question.
The woman wouldn't stop coughing and sneezing because she was allergic to grasses.
I won't play because I've twisted my ankle.
Meet the twisted reality!
If you could only see the twisted fantasies that wander about in my head...
Tom is as thick as a plank.
The driver sustained multiple injuries.
That should be enough.
A strong wind stripped the trees of their leaves.
Whatever you do, don't forget this.
Don't forget to include me in the count.
Please don't forget to mail this letter.
Don't forget to turn off the light before you go to sleep.
Don't leave without saying goodbye.
Don't go out in this heat without wearing a hat.
Don't go to that kind of a place at night.
Don't leave things half finished.
Don't forget your things.
Don't forget your stuff.
Please don't write to me again.
Don't let him do it by himself.
Don't let me down like you did the other day.
Don't disappoint me the way you did the other day.
You shouldn't let children play with the kitchen knife.
That's one of my favourite songs.
That's my CD.
That's my CD, isn't it?
Nancy is very cute, isn't she?
Lucy approached the young man and put her hand on his head.
He looked away at a dangerous juncture.
She fell from the train platform, dangerously.
He came home because he had run out of money, not because he was homesick.
That student is very fast at running isn't he?
Nobles do not exist merely because there is a peerage system. Even if there were no peerage system, there will be people who are naturally dominant and who will quickly rise to nobility. So much for our nobility then. Why, we are mere peasants.
The prime minister will make an announcement tomorrow.
It has been a habit of mine for many years that when I am in my home, apart from mealtimes, I hardly ever leave my desk.
He has always got his head stuck in a book.
I am thankful for all the travel I've been able to do.
I hope to continue to see more of the world.
It's already Christmas in here.
I hope that you are very well.
Now it's official.
Now it is official.
Nothing is happening.
A bull with short trousers has escaped accused of stealing.
I'll be working next weekend as well.
When I was in Paris, I became acquainted with two or three painters, and I went to visit their atelier from time to time. I was always fascinated by their method of work and their way of life.
The cow is a symbol of Europe.
Tens of male and female students were drawing a lone - completely nude - male model standing on a platform.
Dozens of male and female students were drawing a lone, completely nude male model standing on a platform.
Of the sweets that I tasted in France, the ones that I'd like to eat most are the brioche, the baba au rhum and the marrons glacés.
The brioche is like the bastard child of sponge cake and bread, but its taste is peerless.
The brioche is like the bastard child of sponge cake and bread, but its feeling under the tongue is the best under the heavens.
By the way, the pastry known as "Shu Cream" in Japan is not known under this name neither in England nor in France. If you ask for a "Shu Cream" in England, you will end up comically receiving shoe shine.
When it comes to cheese, it's Camembert. More than the taste, it makes me nostalgic.
Are you doing what I think you're doing?
After hours of walking, they stopped to pray in a church.
If Lola doesn't say "yes" clearly, you'd better take it as a "no".
Don't interrupt me! Can't you see I am talking?
When he was going to shoot the thirtieth arrow, the archer realised that his quiver was empty.
The architecture... I don't really care about it. I just want a comfortable study and comfortable bedroom.
Bring me a drink.
I don't even know what I should be distracted about.
I need a drink.
It's hard to know that we won't see each other again.
You don't need to thank me. I'm here to serve you.
I always end up looking up the same words in the dictionary.
It's not easy to work under the shadow of innuendo.
The mayor didn't like what the journalists wrote.
Suppressing one's romantic feelings is not the same as having no such feelings.
This author doesn't understand at all what need would a man and a woman who can't be involved in a romantic relationship have of becoming friends.
This author doesn't understand at all why a man and a woman who can't become lovers would become friends.
Suddenly, the dog started barking.
She's a modern girl.
He's a modern boy.
She can speak Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
You are embarrassing.
You're embarrassing.
Before you screw on the nut, put a washer on it.
Over and out.
Do you copy?
I think that's called a sleep.
Stop kissing strange boys!
This is why you are sick all the time!
I visited the atelier of a painter that I had not visited in a long time. This painter had just acquired a new model and he was in a very good mood.
What a long week!
Why didn't you come earlier?
Right feels wrong and wrong feels right.
As soon as she came in, his recklessness vanished.
I got his album yesterday.
We should go surf sometime!
Today is a fabulous day.
Our apple is pathetic.
This one is for us.
I heard a voice saying "Help me!". I laughed.
I heard a voice cry "Help!". I was laughing.
I didn't know you were cutting your hair!
What a worthy cause!
"Novels? I hate novels." Oh muse, forgive her blasphemy.
She rarely talked to anybody.
How much did you cut off?
I swear this is what I do every morning.
When I was 17 or 18 years old, I started buying candy with my own money and I always bought marshmallows.
Tom claimed to be the son of a rich man.
I liked walking alone on the deserted beach.
I had not once thought about going into the sea since I came here, but at this moment, for some reason, I wanted to remove my clothes.
Soon, I could only see her neck floating above the waves.
Her body was already in the water from the waist down.
We sacrifice a lot.
We sacrificed a lot.
I unconsciously removed my shirt.
The couple took a horse carriage that evening.
One time, I went to the atelier of a painter I had just met in the middle of the night. It was a dark room in an attic.
What kind of sweets did I like as a child? Even if I try to remember, I can't.
I can't remember which sweets I liked as a child.
I feel somewhat uneasy when I sit on a chair with Japanese clothes. I feel like the wind is blowing in from the cuff of my trousers.
As a rule, not only in humans, but also in animals, "sexual display" occurs, consciously or unconsciously, towards individuals of the opposite sex.
Everytime her husband looked at me, he almost asked me: "For what purpose have you come here?"
The person who descended from the coach was a woman of about 22 or 23 with, if I had to say, a plain appearance. At a glance, I knew that she was a guest coming from Paris. She was alone.
Three days passed, four days passed. The wind blew once, it rained twice.
As was my habit, I was walking on the beach after the rain.
As was unusual for me, I got tired quickly and I sat down on the edge of a rock.
In Paris and elsewhere, in the summer, husbands send their wives and children somewhere to escape the heat and they customarily leave to visit them on Saturday evening until Sunday.
Her husband was supposed to come visit her from Paris for a single night Saturday night.
That was her. She was trying to creep up on me unnoticed.
That was her. She was trying to sneak up on me silently.
Suddenly, I raised my ears to the faint sound of footsteps coming from behind me.
The following morning she said close to my ears: "We're going back to Paris tonight. He says that there's no way that he'll leave me alone in such a sad place. That's how it is."
For some reason, her husband seemed to dislike that she spoke of me. In truth, she talked too much about me.
The next day, at suppertime, I was introduced to her husband.
At last, I brought her exhausted body upon the beach.
I jumped into the water as in a trance.
Three soldiers who came back from the war are renting a house at the edge of a small town on the shore of the Inland Sea and live together.
It's outrageous that you're riding a bicycle even though you're a woman. Women should stop trying to imitate men.
First, it's too expensive.
Don't listen to that man.
Don't obey that man.
Don't obey him.
Don't look down on him just because he's poor.
You shouldn't depend on others too much.
You shouldn't depend too much on other people to help you.
The three veterans lived together in a rented cottage on the outskirts of a small town on the edge of the inland sea.
We are at school together.
Do you have a bag?
I don't like beer that much.
I haven't been to America.
The tall man left in a hurry.
That is Xiaoli's book.
I don't like big dogs.
She could not understand the whole story.
Are you able to read the book attentively?
My grandmother looks after the children during the daytime.
If you will have time, let me know.
That food is so bad that I wouldn't dream of eating it.
Last night I dreamt that I was at my graduation and I was wearing pyjamas and slippers.
I must stop eating peppers before going to bed!
I am tired like a dormouse.
Enlightening the people is very easy.
Those eyes say everything.
In the end, "feminity" is something that a woman is naturally furnished with, there is no need to make any effort to show it, and it's a quality such that even if one were to make conscious efforts to hide it, it would lead to nothing.
Would you kindly come here at nine?
He was born in this very room.
That's why I'm telling you not to go alone.
Ten years is a really long period of time.
I immediately thought of you!
Kölsch and Alt are so-called top-fermented beers.
You can't stop smiling.
When you arrive in Osaka, please contact me.
It's not because you have a title, that you're a noble. There are people who have a natural nobility and are fine nobles. People like us who only have nobility titles are not nobles, we're more like peasants.
For several years I've been in the habit of, when I'm at home, only leaving my desk when it's time to eat.
Why do humans smile? This is a very difficult question to answer.
When in Rome, do as the Romans.
I saw some English female soldiers in yesterday night's news reel. For some, you couldn't tell whether it was a man or a woman, but the majority were rather feminine, and it didn't feel that grotesque.
Please forgive my impoliteness in sending you suddenly such a strange letter.
All of a sudden, the front door bell rang and the dark shadow of a lone man slipped in quietly.
Yuriko Himekusa committed suicide.
Yuriko Himekusa killed herself.
She, with such a sweet and pure figure, killed herself while cursing both of our names.
I woke up this morning feeling like crap.
Please go away!
You are coming along, but still being a pain in the ass.
You're a bug.
I'd realised that...
Recumbent bikes are comfortable.
How tall is that tower?
This year is twenty eleven.
This year is two thousand eleven.
I have fifteen hundred cows.
I have one thousand and five hundred cows.
Hi, how do you do?
Was there an autopsy?
I am thankful for vacations.
Have you finished reading the biography of Jobs?
The penny eventually dropped!
You chicken out again, you coward?
He gone, Mary remained thus alone in this sentence.
Mary was attempting to push the words toward the other end of the sentence in order to dump Tom.
I'm focusing on my German!
This smart Mary improvised a leapword play, which was a much more efficient method to move inside sentences. This way she had already jumped over two of them, including a very high first one.
Tom didn't seem to understand the purpose of the project.
Tom didn't seem to understand the project's purpose.
Even though Tom tried to explain it to Mary, she still couldn't understand.
The word that Tom and Mary were seeking, they found only at the end of the sentence, as it was the word that was "lost".
Tom wanted to help Mary do the right thing.
Tom for Mary and Mary for Tom were alternatively the subject and the object.
Tom had something important to say, but Mary kept interrupting him.
Mary, this mischievous girl, came sticking her name at the beginning of this sentence, in order to not leave that monopoly to Tom, although it wasn't necessary at all.
Tom thought that what Mary wrote didn't make any sense.
Having made it up, following a long quarrel, Tom and Mary found themselves in the middle of this sentence.
Old customs are gradually being destroyed.
Life is full of surprises.
I like that twisted look on his face.
Believe it or not, villains aren't always the most twisted characters.
From this point on, the story becomes so twisted and grotesque that I can't stop reading it anymore.
It is not funny at all.
It is grotesque: every private company, even small private companies, think European nowadays, but not so the governments of their states.
If the agreement were enforced, it would create a situation verging on the grotesque.
Quite apart from the concerns surrounding this injustice itself, it seems grotesque that this situation has been brought about by a committee whose very purpose of existence is the defence of women's rights and equal opportunities.
It's hard to justify.
Why does he become drowsy whenever he begins to study?
Winter is right around the corner.
Soon it'll be winter.
As the grotesque parade passed by, everyone came out of their homes, hypnotized.
Using a flashlight, the policeman signaled the car to stop.
The freak show came to town!
The only thing that I know for certain is that I exist.
Oh, buddy, what I need is a strong stimulus, in the most hedonistic meaning of the word.
Vengeance has a strictly hedonistic end.
Our genetic material is being constantly invaded by small egocentric molecular parasites.
The human is an egocentric animal.
You can never have too much ego.
Individualism is the 21st century's epidemic.
I'm far too egocentric to maintain a romantic relationship.
I'll put my eyes out so I won't see you again.
A contains B and B includes A.
I'll squeeze lemons all afternoon if it's necessary.
You need to have give-and-take in your relationship.
Please make sure your seat belt is fastened.
What is happening at the present time in the dispute over place-name signs in Carinthia is grotesque.
He will probably win the speech contest.
In her latest works she lets the uncanny swing like a grotesque pendulum from the humorous into homelike cosiness and back again.
The burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
The figures and grotesque masks decorating the modillions are interesting.
Did you hear that a burglar broke into the neighbor's house?
I have visited the city of Karakorum yesterday.
His photographs are unsparingly critical, and his inimitable eye unmasks the banal as well as the grotesque.
The exposition is dedicated to photographs of ideal, natural, and grotesque bodies; conceives of sexuality as a part of existence; and presents photographed sexual practices, desires, and phantasms.
Looking for the first time for the possibility to find a sentence by its number, I was a bit confused. But soon I realized: I first have to click on a single sentence, then I see the search bar on the upper right side of the screen.
If this sentence is true, then Germany borders China.
Recently my brother in law, artillery major Y, came back from a three year trip in Paris. Surrounded by a great number of souvenirs he had brought back, we heard tales of his travels.
Friendship in itself is something very vague and even in cases of same-sex friendships, it takes many shapes and is brought on by many different motives.
He was accompanied by a bevy of buxom babes.
I liked walking alone on the deserted beach in the evening.
Why do people like to smell their own farts?
On a certain monday afternoon, a single horse carriage stopped in front of the hotel where I was staying.
Have you forgotten about me?
He was killed by my hand.
Don't lie, Honey.
The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past.
He works as a busboy.
The dodo is an already extinct species.
Go have some fun.
Block it!
He certainly knows how to take it on the chin.
I can't prove it, you'll have to take my word for it.
Married for twenty years and nothing to show for it but a few photos, letters and receipts? How sad is that?
Don't flush yet, we've been cut out the water supply.
Fill it, please.
It's better if you wash your hands before you eat.
Where can I wash my hands before I eat?
It sure fits, you just have to think how to put it in.
We've been friends since I was 6 months old.
How wonderful is that?
The people there are very friendly.
I'm lying in bed with a killer hangover.
The soldier has died for you. Sweet princess.
Sometimes he's happy, sometimes melancholic.
I'm melancholic.
Tamara seemed like a soul in despair since she was always lonely, downcast, and melancholic.
Bach could transform music into pure melancholy.
I can't accept this gift.
Who likes getting things for free?
Don't break my heart.
Melancholy is for crazies and morons, that's what alcohol and women are for.
Stop this mess right now!
His heart beated slowly.
I often visited the museum when I lived in Kyoto.
There are many places you should see in Kyoto.
Kyoko was kind enough to carry my baggage for me.
The Keisei Line Sky-Liner will take you from the airport to Ueno Station in 75 minutes.
It is I.
That's me.
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer.
In France, a great amount of wine is consumed.
It has been many years since she died.
How old are the children?
The news was not confirmed.
He stayed at my place for three weeks.
Tomatoes may be served hot or cold, as a starter or as a side dish.
This new regulation is wigscratchingly difficult.
The new finance minister has street-cred.
Could you give me the 12mm wrench please?
Left-hand threads have now become unsual in mechanics but they can still be found on some objects, such as on bicycles' pedals, for instance.
Driveshafts are almost only stressed by torsion effects.
It is a good idea for students to work part-time while they are going to school.
Students should not work if they are going to school.
Poor cat.
I can't understand your organization.
Achieving a nice weld bead is not within everyone's reach!
Data compression algorithms can be classified in two categories: those with data loss and those without data loss.
You cannot take pictures in the theater without permission.
The siblings fought tooth and nail over their late father's estate.
He thought he was up to the challenge but in the end he just couldn't cut the mustard.
When he came to he found himself lying in a small, windowless cell.
The strikers hectored the few scabs courageous enough to cross the picket line.
My father used to whale on me whenever he got drunk.
The hotel spared no expense in the design of its presidential suite.
The U.S. is in hock up to its eyeballs.
I pulled an all-nighter preparing for the exam.
The Titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well.
I really need to go home and catch some zees.
If you want to stop a man dead in his tracks, kick him in the balls.
I gave birth to my first child last year.
Can you tie a cherry stem into a knot with your tongue?
He fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
You don't kick a man when he's down.
The chances are slim to none that you'll win the lottery.
I hope you had a good time.
I hope you had a great day!
Last summer, I worked part time on a farm.
I never expected that to happen.
Make some noise!
The night before we were to be married, she had an affair with my best friend.
This is a very scary moment.
He showed a lot of skill.
There's no shame in losing to such a great player.
We'll be back after the break.
We'll be back after this short break.
That has fallen out of style.
Winning a lottery is an easy way of making money.
You guys having fun?
We're very excited about that.
It's a very bizarre animal.
I know this woman.
I love playing my guitar.
Could you please kiss a little bit more slowly?
What a pompous ass!
God was truly glorified today!
It's a stupid idea.
Don't be silly! We're just friends. Good friends.
This dictionary is not useful at all.
This dictionary isn't any good.
I got to the bus stop just after the bus had left.
Excuse me, but could you scoot over a little bit, please?
A strong wind severed the electric wires in several places.
The warrior has died for you, my sweet princess.
He said abracadabra and there appeared a pigeon.
I'm used to staying awake late into the night.
It is so early.
He's had some very good results lately.
There's a lot on the line.
He died five years ago.
Is there beer in Hawaii?
I could not sleep well last night, because it was so hot.
I don't have a fever.
Gauge queens constantly up the ante in order to assert their commitment to a counter cultural look.
It's something a bit different and the people I was hanging around with wore them.
Nowadays it is nigh on impossible to find a girl who does not wear a tattoo.
The Citroën 2CV was displaced by the Diane 6.
Screw the rules; I have money!
I think: Necessity makes inventive.
Always keep the faith.
I don't have a dog.
Simply stated, data mining refers to extracting or "mining" knowledge from large amounts of data.
An expert is speaking.
A crocodile has eaten Tom.
He's a newbie in Esperanto for sure.
The only time printers don't work is when you need them to.
Those are gifts.
Cats don't eat bananas.
A thought occurred to me.
Crocodiles have sharp teeth.
Healing the wounds of the heart takes time.
I've been waiting for two hours.
I like Chinese food a lot.
She wanted to send me email, but I asked her to call me.
Don't forget to call me back.
His brother has been missing for a while now.
Making cookies takes time.
Falling in love takes some time.
He's already been in the toilet for quite a while.
It takes a lot of time getting used to married life.
It took them some time to get used to each other.
It took them some time to get used to one another.
It takes a lot of time to get used to married life.
It takes some time to fall in love.
Growing this thick mustache has taken me quite a while.
Don't disappoint me anymore.
Pioneer 10 crossed Pluto's orbit in 1983.
Add rice wine before cooking to remove the unpleasant odour.
"Iberism" is the new costume of the most expansionist Spanish nationalism. New Guernicas are to be expected...
That's a horse of another colour.
That's a horse of a different colour.
His brother had been a truck driver for thirty years.
I'm so in love!
When does your father leave his office?
I consume, therefore I am.
He who knows why he learns, learns better.
Tom ate a crocodile.
Your sacrifice was not in vain.
Dinner was awesome.
A crocodile ate Thomas.
Paulina has a pink cap.
How much does this sofa cost?
This is my school.
Desperate needs lead to desperate deeds.
I am as strong as you.
In the summer the humidity is high.
I am thankful for anger and disappointment.
You are fantastic.
Some women love their husband so much, that, in order not to wear him out too much, they borrow their friends' husbands.
Don't spend the whole night preparing yourself.
Tom hasn't written a line to me for a while.
We've been waiting an eternity for you.
Packing my stuff up took me forever.
It took us six years to conquer Constantinople.
The river flows calmly.
We're in Formigine.
We are in Formigine.
I don't exercise a lot these days.
I want to go to the moon.
Have you chosen?
Because I study literature, I tend to see films from an artistic perspective.
Not as easy as I thought.
They love each other deeply.
I like that person.
Speak a little louder.
I cannot stand this noise.
Will you buy a Kindle, a Nook or a Kobo eReader?
I received an eReader for Christmas.
I received an e-Reader for Christmas.
I received an ebook Reader for Christmas.
I received an e-book Reader for Christmas.
The translation was made in favour of readability and literary style, as opposed to a more faithful one for the Russophonic readers' understanding.
The snow melted in the sun.
Don't exaggerate!
He speaks not only Spanish, but also French.
One must not abuse animals.
If I were in your position I wouldn't do that job.
Women are beautiful.
It is difficult to replace an employee that is as qualified as he is.
Unfortunately I must decline your invitation.
They go to watch a play once every month.
Would it suffice if I came around 7?
The prices of raw materials such as oil or coal continue to rise.
Thank you for granting me permission.
I have actually decided to start putting my brain to some use. I'm going to start to learn as much foreign languages as possible before I die.
Why don't koalas have navels?
Winter is here, and the weather's getting cold.
More and more young people are going under the knife to improve their physical appearance.
An old, rickety footbridge is the only way to get to the other side of the gorge.
Do you have a ticket?
I'll show you around town.
I prefer staying at home to going fishing.
I'd rather stay home than go fishing.
I'd rather stay at home than go fishing.
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
He always takes the lead when we play dominoes.
When the input exceeds a certain threshold, an output signal is instantaneously released.
His pain exceeded every threshold.
Chances are here, take them.
In a few seconds I would have overcome the desperation threshold.
He's Mr. Jones.
Get on the horse.
Let's go eat.
Please help me prepare the food.
Everyone but Jim came.
With the exception of Jim, everybody came.
I let the cat in.
Whomever goes to church believes in God.
You don't need to come.
All the people who go to church believe in God.
When you want cooperation, share the responsibility.
Kyoto is most crowded when it is extremely beautiful.
In the sea, there are as many fish as you like.
There are a lot of fish in the sea.
Fires for luring fish at night flicker on the silhouette of an island.
I didn't think I wanted to do it again, given that I failed last year.
He's my Mr. Right.
There isn't as much rain this year compared to last summer.
The robbers appeared out of the shade and rushed him.
They broke the silence.
Do you have any preference between beef and lamb?
May I have an advance on my salary?
You should not despise a man just because he is poorly paid.
"Now," said Mr. Wood.
Do you have school lunch?
The income tax rate increases in proportion to the salary increase.
Urgent business kept me from coming sooner.
Ken has to run fast.
Ken needs to run fast.
The bus just had to be delayed when I'm in a hurry.
I make sure not to cross this street, even if I am in a hurry.
I didn't see him again after that.
I didn't meet him again after that.
After that, I didn't see him again.
Who is going to put and end to this strike?
If we took a rest, our moods would certainly feel refreshed.
Get out! I don't want to talk to you!
He held my hand firmly and left.
It's true that I was madly in love with her.
The letter is inside the envelope.
After months of manifestations, the president came to the conclusion that the best choice was to leave the country.
I was applauding.
That's what I want to know.
Over the holidays, I spent days doing nothing.
On my days off, I read the entire works of Milton.
Do whatever you like.
Life spread a range of opportunities to you.
I was there once.
The number of students who use their holidays to travel abroad is increasing.
I lost everything.
We look for good luck, bad luck looks for us.
Do Martians speak English?
He can't be young.
A white building is in sight at the foot of the hill.
Any child knows that.
I'm immune to disease.
I can barely hear without my earphone.
The wind blew even harder when we reached the top of the hill.
Please play something by Chopin for me.
I wanted to switch channel, but my wife didn't let me.
I told them to use parentheses, not brackets.
I solved every exercise in less than half an hour.
This substance is in liquid state.
This substance is in gaseous state.
This substance is in solid state.
Ammonium carbonate is an organic compound.
I hammered a nail into the wall in order to hang a painting.
True freedom is not in what you do, but in the way you choose to live what you do, and that faculty belongs just to you.
I've got a feeling that you're going to like this movie.
I've got a feeling that something is about to happen.
I've got a feeling that Tom will show up soon.
Come and help me.
I've got a feeling that Tom won't graduate this year.
Come and stretch me a hand.
Stop touching me.
I fell off the tree but ended up hanging by the feet.
A secret fan sent her flowers every morning.
There should be an harmonious relation between student and teacher.
Why didn't you tell us you were pregnant?
Have you received a letter from him?
He is hated by everyone.
It's raining hard.
If it rains, the game will be called off.
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.
Please don't smoke cigarettes no matter what.
You don't need to do that.
That noise woke me up.
If not now, then when?
I said it was OK for him to go.
I said he could go.
She really wants to go.
Just at that time, the bus stopped.
Right!
Please allow us to do the work.
I use that computer.
Everyone was satisfied.
He walks fast.
What should I do now?
You'll understand it right away.
He can't be a poet.
That can't be helped.
I can't forgive her.
I can't excuse her.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Applicants should be familiar with common office-computer applications.
There are currently more open apprentice positions than applicants.
At the moment, there are still some 5,300 vacant apprenticeship places, with some 2,300 applicants.
The ☭ is a symbol of communism.
This could mean war.
How many books do you read per month?
The case is closed.
Go! You can do it!
You only have to touch the button.
A shameless liar lies smilingly.
I am failing at cooking.
You were right about this.
I really like this picture of you.
They travelled all throughout Europe with me!
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout!
Fellow countryman, I must confess you that countries don't really exist.
We have no choice other than thinking of how we'll live here.
It took him his entire life to complete his master work.
It took him his entire life to complete his chef d'oeuvre.
It took us ages waiting for you.
It took me ages to pack up my stuff.
It took me ages to pack up my suitcases.
The Maori language is spoken in New Zealand.
I'll be mad at you if you keep doing that.
This substance is going from liquid to solid state.
I regard Vivi as the most amazing person I've met, even knowing it burst her ego.
My sheets piled up on my desk.
If you explain everything in medical jargon, it's impossible that everyone understands immediately.
The mother just held tightly onto her daughter, saying nothing else.
He can say whatever he wants.
She can say whatever she wants.
I was compelled to do all the work alone.
20 boxes filled with pirate CDs and DVDs were found.
She loves me, and I love her.
They concluded he was lying.
Allow me to replace it.
I pawned my guitar to pay the rent.
He works at a pawn shop.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could grab.
Sophie, who was hungry, ate everything that she could get her hands on.
The boy is able to memorize everything he reads.
I was told that I needed to get enough sleep.
I was told to get enough sleep.
That's convenient, isn't it?
That's useful, isn't it?
It wasn't possible for the boy to swim across the river.
Tom wished that his classmates would treat each other with more respect.
Tom is the type of person who likes to argue just for the sake of arguing.
I was unable to go outside.
What I do is my problem.
I seldom see him.
I hardly ever run into him.
With my telescope I can see Jupiter and six of its moons.
Not many people know how to keep an affectionate relation with their relatives.
Put down your weapons!
I don't know anybody in this town.
Tectonic plates are pieces of the lithosphere.
The apartment building is on fire.
That young lady is a nurse.
I have confidence in him.
I trust him.
Does he have to run so fast?
Does he need to run so fast?
My hobby is cooking.
My hobby is reading.
That house is for rent.
Is it OK if I drink alcohol?
May I drink alcohol?
Is it OK to drink alcoholic drinks in this park?
Is it OK to drink beer on your university campus?
Do I need to go right now?
Do I need to go right away?
He is hated.
He's not good at remembering names.
He has trouble remembering names.
Either he is wrong or I am.
Does your dog bark at Tom?
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, Tom plans to go on a picnic with Mary.
If it doesn't rain soon, our garden is going to dry up.
Tom is one of the most disagreeable people I know.
I don't let it bother me.
I immediately built a fire.
What made her do that?
Why did she do that?
That one over there is Mercury.
That one over there is Venus.
And that one over there is Mars.
Please give me some latitude this time.
Could you please overlook it this time?
I'll show you.
I fell in love in an unlikely place.
I didn't take your bloody car, for crying out loud!
He cried through the whole film, this soppy old sentimentalist.
Admittedly, this is an unrewarding task, but somebody has got to deal with it.
Mom wasn't a good mother.
Most guitars have six strings.
That's told him!
He took her words as a compliment.
If you are strong, I am strong.
We can make the world stop.
I'm great at advice.
I've got the habit to cook for myself.
The county administration works slowly.
One who is blinded by love, admires even a monster.
Stupid people can always find someone stupider than themselves who will admire them.
My mother always gets up earlier in the morning.
My mother goes to the hospital in the morning.
Let's leave early in the morning, OK?
He left home early in the morning so he wouldn't miss the train.
She began doing her homework immediately after dinner.
She cleared the dishes from the table after dinner.
My father stretched after dinner.
Alain focused all his attention on his cat.
This will almost certainly have contradictory consequences and effects.
The state shouldn't get rid of civil rights, it should protect them!
I am too sexy for this world.
I want to become a bisque doll maker.
It's a great plan, innit.
Now I can see where my real friends are.
Is it you?
Boys are noisy and rude to girls.
Seventy percent of people in the UK cannot speak a second language.
Boys trail girls in language skills.
She's just the girl next door.
Boys are more aggressive than girls.
The Dutch have a reputation for being good at languages.
She works as an ecdysiast.
She works as a stripper.
She's wearing only pasties and a G-string.
Janet Jackson had a wardrobe malfunction.
This is a sign of decreasing morality in this country.
I am thankful for my family.
My family is always there for me.
I am happy I still get to celebrate Thanksgiving with them!
If this is madness, there is method in it.
What is the time?
Sophie had her own pony. It had been given to her by her father.
I couldn't answer.
It's looking like a treadmill kind of day.
Why is there a basketball hidden in your purse?
I want to hear about your trip!
Above all do not forget your duty to love yourself.
The only true language in the world is a kiss.
The tears of the past fertilize the future.
Old books are for writers, new ones for readers.
The love of democracy is that of equality.
The duty of a daughter is in obedience.
Yes, that's right. There’s a lot of moisture in the air.
Yes, that's right. The air is very humid.
I subscribed to a new email magazine.
When I take a deep breath, a pain runs down the right side of my back.
Emails have started suddenly disappearing from my inbox.
He's in the kitchen.
Do you have a best friend?
She's unconscious.
Is it OK to smoke around here?
A marron glacé is a sugar coated chestnut, similar to the Japanese sweet natto.
He got married at 22.
Even now when I see a terakoya play, I feel somewhat nostalgic.
She is pretty rather than beautiful.
I've already eaten dinner.
Death is imminent.
No, you aren't in love, for what you call love is just a psychosocial construct to make people ignore their animalic heritance.
That's the current plan.
I don't like drinking coffee.
Nothing can distract her from her research.
Is it wrong that I'm enjoying this?
I like that movie too.
We'll meet when you return!
We'll meet when you are back!
When do you think he'll be back?
Did you find him on your car?
Did you find it on your car?
How's the breakfast at McDonald's?
No matter how important the question may or may not be, you must solve it.
He had to commit crime because he was starving.
Chances are the bill will be rejected.
It's like a dream.
My brother-in-law easily loses his temper from trivial matters.
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.
It isn't likely that Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
There are interesting examples in the Hopi language concerning onomatopoetic expressions.
Thanks to technological innovations, maximum outputs of the factory have doubled.
I hate hypocrisy.
Hunger is one of the largest social misfortunes.
You didn't have to wake me up.
Routine exercise is great for your health.
Do not disobey the rules.
The train wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be.
Considering your lack of experience you acquitted yourselves pretty well in this competition.
The leaves on the trees have begun to turn red.
The leaves on the trees have begun to change colors.
Leave my stuff alone.
Leave my things alone.
Our daughter has red hair while both of us have blonde hair.
I need it immediately.
He raised a question.
He posed a problem.
I ran for mayor.
You understand what I mean, don't you?
You understand what I'm saying, don't you?
You seem to be a kind person.
He seems to be a kind person.
He left for Paris.
The other Tom is too busy to love me!
Tom told Mary that he thought a hippopotamus could run at a speed of about 30 kilometers per hour.
If you had followed my advice, you wouldn't be in such a fix now.
Work never ends, does it?
Employers expect their employees to give 110 percent.
My zoo is safe.
An eagle flies in the sky.
Instead of making the difficult seem easy, as a professional entertainer should do, he actually makes the easy look difficult.
She liked men, if truth were told, a tiny wee bit more than women.
Don't you speak Tatoeban?
From where is he?
From where?
Are you going to sell him your house?
This sentence seems to be grammatically correct.
We haven't enough flour to make a pie.
The benches broken by the vandals were already replaced.
I woke up three times during the night.
With so many unemployed, many can't pay their mortgages.
One thousand two hundred and fifty-six soldiers destroyed the fortress of Alamut.
I have an account outside the country.
I'm fond of football.
Wounds heal, scars remain.
"Could I use your dictionary?" "Of course."
The father is a tailor.
Peter had fallen in love with that girl.
Because of Tom, Mary has become depressed.
There's milk in the fridge.
Try this miracle ointment.
The soldier sacrificed himself to save his friend's life.
How can I delete a repeated sentence?
The socks and sneakers are new.
Maybe we'll meet him in the street.
This morning I got up earlier than usual.
The Sun is very far from the Earth.
It'll probably rain.
It'll definitely rain.
It'll rain for sure.
Even when I sat in the sun, I was cold.
How many languages are there in Europe?
I have no idea. That's why I'm asking.
"What time do you guys wake up?" "Eight o'clock."
I prefer antiquated models.
The opposition is just a bunch of antiquated politicians.
In the old days, there were no telephones or electricity whatsoever.
I stick to the old-fashioned.
When out at sea, to keep the fish that is caught from spoiling, it is immediately refrigerated.
We were wakened by the whistle of the steam locomotive at dawn.
The whistle of the steam train woke us at daybreak.
I felt bad, so I was admitted into the hospital. However, it turned out that there was nothing really wrong with me.
I regret having to say this.
It was a day in which I have nothing much to say.
It is impossible to substitute machines for people.
Whose book is this on the desk?
I have no idea what the reason is.
That's the main gate.
I waited a while.
He walked in front of me.
I want a pen pal.
That child wants someone to play with.
That child wants a friend to play with.
That child wants some friends to play with.
It was as hard as rock.
Mahatma Gandhi once told me: "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."
In our society, there are both honorable people and swindlers.
That's the reason she's late.
Tom loves to argue with people.
Tom's constant arguing irritates some of his classmates. However, most of the class has just learned to ignore him.
Tom swindled Mary out of all her savings.
I love watching birds.
Half a million reals were stolen from this bank's ATM.
My grandfather doesn't know how to take money out of an ATM.
I am thankful for music.
Every chord, every harmony, every discordant note fills me with immense joy.
I feel lighter than air.
Playing the piano isn't easy.
We should take a break and have some tea.
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.
You should not give up hope.
His father worked as a swineherd.
With joy and shame, she blushed to her ears.
Polar bears are white because they're old bears.
It rang.
Mr. Jones reprimanded me for falling asleep during class.
She and I have nothing in common.
This little girl let the birds escape.
Felicja likes to watch TV.
I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter.
Would you tell me where his house is?
My father has five siblings.
The captain welcomed us.
The captain gave the order to abandon the ship.
I keep this little saint in my wallet because he brings me luck.
Three students ran out onto the football field and mooned everyone sitting in the bleachers.
That store sells top of the line purses but everyone knows they're really just cheap knock-offs made in China.
Insurance policies don't cover preexisting conditions.
Does the name Herbert McAdams mean anything to you?
Actors and politicians never pass up a photo op.
There's a homicidal maniac on the loose!
The coach gave his team a pep talk before the game started.
You should take her at her word because I've never known her to lie.
I hope he will wait for me.
I want to go with a friend to Hokkaido next month.
I don't know why she is this worried.
Let's wait here until he comes back.
He is not religious.
Are we going out to eat this afternoon?
Playing basketball is fun.
He took what little money I had.
Do this work by tomorrow if at all possible.
Tom has trouble getting along with other students in his class.
This tea smells nice.
Let's eat first.
The economy is good.
I want you to be my partner.
I'll teach you a lesson!
I'm no liar.
Cut me some slack.
Do you have kids?
May I speak with the teacher?
According to the data in this problem, can we affirm that reflection or refraction is going to occur?
You don't need to memorize a dictionary to have good knowledge of a language.
I don't know if I can memorize this long password.
We're making a logo for the firm.
I'm a subscriber for a weekly journal.
I fully agree with his text.
This movie leaves a profound reflection for all viewers.
This pocket watch is more than seventy years old.
Luis Bonfa is a great musician.
Hello, beautiful!
It was not time for relaxing at a place like this.
He often skips meetings.
He is a good fellow for sure, but not trustworthy.
He is deaf, but knows how to read lips.
She never thought her dreams would come true.
One of the questions was what kind of a person I would become.
Agony in the era of machinery is not attributed to machinery itself.
Engineers try to take advantage of nature rather than try to understand it.
There remain approximately 900 art sketches by Leonardo da Vinci.
I'd be very thankful if I could make a reservation for a room that has good access to your company.
Playing, such as crumpling paper into a ball or tearing into pieces, helps develop children's creativity.
Critique of Pure Reason is German philosopher Immanuel Kant's chief literary work.
Strange as it may sound, it is still fact.
The speed at which he keeps churning out sentences in Albanian makes me wonder if 'he' is a machine.
I wish you your happiness. Not like fortunes and such, but everything will surely be all right no matter what happens.
An ash-colored rabbit appeared and as soon as I drew near, it hopped and ran into the woods again.
Lactic-acid bacilli are such unyielding bacteria that, even if frozen, they would simply hibernate and can restore themselves as if they came back to life.
Life has its limits and no matter how I live, I want there to be courage and hope sent to future generations as in, "The Way He Lived."
It is important to strengthen the foundation.
I will perform my duties with pleasure.
Don't look for the way, just remove the obstacles.
The week is over.
They're too noisy; I can't concentrate.
Methinks the Lady protesteth too much!
They were like two ships that pass in the night.
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
He likes math, but I don't.
Bill is en route to New York.
He likes to sing and dance.
He asked me whether I like math.
He likes to travel. I do, too.
It's a pity that you can't travel with us.
Which do you prefer: this one or that one?
Truth is, I don't like him.
I have eight siblings.
Very few people live to be 100.
My dad keeps a journal every day.
Everytime I look at him, he smiles.
I am thankful for days with nothing to do.
Everyone needs to find his own path.
There is no doubt that he was murdered.
Quit gambling.
A fallen tree blocked the road.
Don't look for how to do it, find out how not to prevent yourself.
Whatever you write, it will be translated. People translate just about anything without even reflecting on what it is they're translating, or if it makes sense at all.
On a day like this, I don't feel like going outside.
Please put away this box for me.
The train arrived in London.
Sometimes I go and sometimes I don't.
If you need an umbrella, I can lend you one.
My mother always says she's going to visit me soon.
I am a translation system but I am not automatic!
The Sun regularly publishes articles covering state government.
The Governor, like many elected officials before him, does not always like what he reads in the newspaper.
The Sun has never claimed that the newspaper is error-free.
The Governor did not like the news reports relating to the transaction and viewed them as a personal attack.
He does not like what the journalists have said.
That, of course, does not mean that they are right.
The government officials do not like what has been said in the newspaper.
The teacher is very bad, but he is very crazy.
I am sure exploits will be found.
Usually I don't sleep a wink at night.
What’s the first movie that comes to your mind?
Evil always wins.
I can't remember it.
Turkey is the heir of Ottoman Empire.
Battle of Manzikert changed the course of the history of Anatolia.
I'm actually reading an article on how to focus.
Now hurry up and write your goddamn paper!
And actually, it was simple!
Monday definitely isn't my favourite day of the week.
Call an ambulance!
Could you please not smoke in this room?
He's eating lunch now.
I'm not sure, but he might come.
His data is not accurate at all.
His data is often inaccurate.
20 minutes past 10 o'clock.
No, not me, but you!
It seems like it might rain this afternoon.
From reading good books we can derive pleasure, friendship, experience and instruction.
A good book can completely absorb your attention, to the extent that you forget your surroundings and even your existence.
Reading is one of life's great pleasures.
When you are cheerful, books can increase your happiness; when you are sad, books can lessen your sorrow.
No matter what your main purpose is in reading, books should never fail to provide contentment and satisfaction.
With a good book in your hands you need never feel lonely.
Whether the characters in a book are real or completely imaginary, they can become your friends and companions.
Think about pay day.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
The people we meet in books can delight us either because they resemble the friends we hold dear in real life, or because they are unfamiliar people that we are pleased to get to know.
The chance of that happening is less than a thousandth of a percent.
The word "theory" is often misused.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, tonight's meeting has been cancelled until further notice.
It's forbidden to use this information commercially.
Our real life friends may sometimes bore us, but the friends we find in books would never do that.
By turning the page, we can dismiss the characters in a book without fear of hurting their feelings.
When real life friends desert us, books are always ready to offer friendship, sympathy and motivation.
What concept do we have of time? Does it move? If yes, does it move in a line, in a circle or in a different way?
She's wearing a black hat.
It sounded like water had got onto the cables somehow, and they were breaking.
It only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job.
It only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here.
It's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport.
It is suggested that the meeting be preponed.
The entire IT department has been bangalored.
Guillaume le Conquérant conquered l'Angleterre in 1066.
Tonight I feel like doing something!
I finally understand the skeletal system.
I am thankful for the holidays.
The holidays always bring everyone closer together.
I forgot about it.
William the Conqueror occupied England in 1066.
Hardware RAID is not managed directly by the operating system but by a dedicated card, called a RAID controller.
The configuration file of your database server is located in this directory.
RAID-1 focuses on reliability, at the expense of storage size.
RAID-1 achieves redundancy by mirroring data on several disks.
Before being able to write data on a hard disk, you first need to create a partition, then to create a filesystem on it, and finally to mount this filesystem.
My bora-fake-account-detector-3000-next-gen-deluxe-edition™ has recognized no "bora"-like pattern in his behaviour.
Do you know when sie is going for holiday?
Don't wait too long.
Leave!
I'm allergic to synthetic rubber.
The Karakoram separates China from Pakistan.
Everyone suggest me to stay in bed, but I want to go out and enjoy.
We know little of this matter.
The doctor prescribed two dialy doses to the patient.
You can call me this afternoon if you want.
Mystery prevails.
Did I ask you something?
This is not an alien, it's just a strange animal.
Why did ancient Egyptians love jewels so much?
The girl talked to trees.
I worked in this company for three decades.
There are four trash cans in the school: one for paper, one for plastic, and two more for glass and metal.
A cab crashed into a train this Wednesday.
Teeth whitening is expensive.
We must love our country as we love our parents.
If you do not have this book, you can buy it.
I'll explore the seven seas in a giant bucket.
Tom and Mary were not famous.
That's something that happens quite often.
The grass has to be blasted.
It's time for bed.
I'm not sleepy.
One day Mark Twain surprisingly confessed: "I am not as young as I was several years ago..."
I am thankful for technology.
This is gonna be wild!
Tom turns thirteen today.
Chair is too small.
Look around.
I have two big brothers.
I prefer this version.
I live in a giant bucket.
Hopefully they don't delay my flight like the others.
I love my language!
It's my bus.
You're doing it wrong.
Look what the cat dragged in.
He was always a rude man; not even his wife made him change.
This school offers English, French and Spanish courses.
Tell me when the body gets to the funerary parlor.
The people stood on their feet and began singing.
We're out of chairs. Would you mind eating while standing up?
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge.
Read the text carefully, then answer the questions.
What is a gadget?
The police are protecting it.
Google+ is a new social net.
Today we broke the record with 471 visits.
I haven't eaten for two days.
Don't let them fool you.
The divers didn't make it back.
Clean the table already!
You can't trust computer translation.
Break the glass in case of emergency.
I'm here for a night.
You can always ride the elevator.
You have it in the bag.
Weather is nice for you.
Are you going in a group?
I hug you.
It has been wonderful.
It has been very beautiful.
Be like me and have a glass of wine.
Could you tackle this?
The buildings are drowning in snow.
I'm in India.
I am in India.
Not even you can dampen my spirits right now!
Tom and Mary don't get along because they have nothing in common.
I know she puts up with a lot from me.
How does that sound?
Those are all great ideas.
A vodka and lemonade might be the shot.
Welcome to the long night of cheese and wine.
Who is sitting at the other end of the table?
You didn't invite me.
I will be in New Orleans in April for my cousin's wedding.
It sounds like a great time!
You don't need luck.
It sounds like you had a great time.
Way to go.
Did you have a wonderful time in New York?
Anyone wants to pick me up from the airport?
This is an institution for the criminally insane.
Who's coming to the show?
It just got better!
Using English to communicate between Japanese and Chinese is not only ridiculous and ineffective but can prove very hazardous.
I have Japanese and Chinese friends who speak to each other in English since that is the only language they have in common.
Come on down, check it out!
He receives a high salary.
I want some paper.
He went to see her in the hospital every other day.
She looked him right in the eyes.
Stop playing with yourself!
This is my father's room.
This is my room.
It's not a big room, but it's beautiful.
In the wardrobe, there is... I'm not saying what's in the wardrobe; that is remaining my great secret.
A second mirror is hanging next to the door.
The girl hired by the shop to attract customers is quite cute and every time I go there I end up buying a lot of things.
She overslept.
He rocks.
His father is an impostor.
She rocks.
The weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening.
What's the commotion?
Her shyness makes me like her even more.
There was some dew this morning.
My mom is two years younger than my dad.
We've slid into an almost hopeless situation.
We are on the wrong track.
I'm sick of being sick.
I want to want.
I wanna want.
Sebastian Cabot was John Cabot's son and also became an explorer.
In 1497, Zuan Caboto explored Canada.
I adore my clients.
Did you vote yet?
Vote again then!
He is chavvy.
Throw the dice.
Do not copy-paste sentences from elsewhere, except if the content is CC-BY compatible.
I'll leave it up to you.
It's fun to play baseball.
I have a feeling that tonight is going to be a good night!
We have a little surprise for you.
Most migratory birds don't get why, once they've flown south, they don't just stay there.
He lost a book.
She lost a book.
The teacher demonstrated many physics experiments.
The teacher demonstrated many experiments in physics.
I have to prepare the breakfast.
They eat these things.
Who wants to drive me to Ambar?
My house is here.
Her father dedicated his life to science.
It's an obscene thing.
Be quiet.
I was thinking of the same thing.
Keep your eyes peeled, people.
We suck.
I like your techno dance moves.
I'll pick you up at 8am for the gym.
Aren't you in town?
Danger gives relish to adventure.
The war lasting for years impoverished the country.
Jules Verne's novels nearly gave the news from the future.
The Umayyad armies invaded Spain in 711.
Riding in a Ferris wheel is my favorite thing to do.
The way tourists dress offends local standards of propriety.
My grandmother lived with us.
What do you think I was doing?
Your apartment looks wonderful!
Many mistakes could have been avoided through simple experiments.
Tom wondered if he'd ever see Mary again.
The Ferris wheel is my favorite.
He left his team because he couldn't get along with the manager.
Who's the person sitting at the other end of the table?
Don't talk to him while he's studying.
Chinese characters are difficult to read.
I will never find thoughts of hope and dreams.
No matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
Goodbye. I'll see you at the time we agreed on.
The patient's condition changes every day.
He's probably sleeping.
Turn your papers in.
I like reading.
What should I do next?
I ran so I would be on time.
I ran in order to be on time.
This bird can't fly.
He can't be trusted.
I can't drive a bus.
I can't read French.
You aren't supposed to swim here.
Why do we dream?
My dream came true.
Our dreams came true.
We have enough water.
Does he need to go right now?
Does he need to go right away?
He helped me move.
That house is for sale.
Do I have to come home now?
Everything has an end.
I won an award as well.
Something tells me they aren't going to last long.
He looks happier this time.
There is a dog!
There's a dog!
She is adorable!
She's adorable!
Nobody speaks like this in Germany.
Can't you separate fantasy and reality from each other?
He is a gentleman among gentlemen.
The point of play is that it has no point.
We're up against the wall.
He helped me to get changed.
I have already finished reading this book.
I've already finished reading this book.
A cat has two ears.
Of course not you; you're a woman — almost.
When I praised her son she listened very carefully.
One of the two has to go.
Students bustled about all through the night.
Students bustled about all night.
Everything is so precious.
Obviously my dogs will protect you!
You just made my weekend.
Thank you for finally explaining to me why people take me for an idiot.
Don't come near the bulldog in case it bites.
Don't go near the bulldog. You wouldn't want him to bite you.
She is rich, certainly, but I don't think she's very smart.
She is not beautiful, certainly, but she is good-natured.
Indeed she is not beautiful, but she is good-natured.
A person who is born in France is a French.
We were lucky of having born in the same galaxy.
It's not unusual that entire galaxies disappear all of the sudden.
Spiders, scorpions, and ticks are arachnids.
There were hundreds of ticks in its fur.
There aren't any problems.
We'll decide it like men, bring the dice!
We'll need twenty dice to play this game.
Have you noticed blood in your urine before?
Have you been bitten by a stray dog?
You must be vaccinated against rabies.
The patient is unconscious.
Someday I'll travel all around the galaxy, in a giant bucket.
You should try to optimize your time.
"The New Testament" is the second part of the Bible.
We have an agreement.
"The Old Testament" is the first part of the Bible.
"Appointment with Death" is a crime novel by Agatha Christie.
It seems that Italians are prone to suffer from exclusive ailments that have no names in other cultures.
That sounds scary.
Soon it will be Christmas.
All it takes is concentration and solitude.
Insects are the only winged arthropods.
The past 6 months have made me a very happy girl.
We have more room for activities.
I'm not your love.
I am not your love.
I'm not a man!
I am not a man!
They made a toast at his funeral.
I use Twitter.
Beetles, butterflies and cockroaches are insects.
I forgot I owed you money.
Despite his fame, he is not happy.
Most of a insect's organs are inside its abdomen.
Many people signed in for the contest.
Do you really need to hurry up?
If you want freedom, you'll have to face your parents.
Did you notice both pictures are very similar?
I got my notebook stolen.
I feel like a million bucks.
Do you feel all right?
You are gorgeous.
Chitin is a polysaccharide.
Tom lost his spectacles.
Father isn't at home.
After she had weaned Lo-ruhamah she became pregnant and gave birth to a son.
I'm a noob, shoot me.
Thanks, but I'm fine with her.
The conference went on according to plan.
The members told us about the strange experience in turns.
Where can I go to buy art books and catalogs?
We must be able to differentiate between objects and situations.
You look very beautiful.
He was born an artist.
He is a born artist.
My father isn't home.
This land is your land.
When will that occur?
You are looking quite inviting at the moment.
It looks so good!
The tree isn't ready yet.
It looks so festive.
Will you and Randy join us?
I'll be there soon.
I can't wait to hold you again.
I really just don't like Christmas music.
She is in an awful mood.
This video makes me so happy!
It looks like you guys have done some serious studying!
We used to be friends.
That was fast.
If anyone missed our November news, here's your chance to catch up.
I'm hating this weather!
I am hating this weather!
Where is he playing?
When an English speaker realises that a foreign person they are speaking to doesn't understand one of their sentences, they repeat it, the same way, but louder, as though the person were deaf. At no point does it come to their mind that their vocabulary might be complicated or that their expression might most probably be ambiguous to a foreigner and that they could reword it in a simpler way. The result is that not only does the person still not understand, but they get irritated at being considered deaf.
If you feel sick, you have to vomit?
The "Grey Wolves" are a Turkish ultra nationalist movement, neofascist, anti-Kurd, that denies the genocide of the Armenian people.
She seemed to be wallowing in her grief instead of trying to recover from the disaster.
She takes a new lover while he is in anguish.
Artistic genius is an expansion of monkey imitativeness.
Why when we are in love, we make each other hurt?
I am training to be a forwarding agent.
My parents had an arranged marriage.
I can't tell Tom and his younger brother apart.
I have an interesting curriculum vitae!
We'll have something for you.
What is some of your favorite new music right now?
My daughter's getting all gussied up for her first date.
The construction of the hospital is about to end.
I work on a building site.
She works as an office trainee.
She goes to vocational school.
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Such a book must have hit the nerve at a time when many were without jobs and had a poor perspective in life.
The sound footing of his book were interviews with more than 500 millionaires and billionaires.
All this is simple and easy to understand.
It's already time not just to talk the talk, but to walk the walk.
He had to overcome a lot of obstacles.
This week he works the early shift.
Father is in the garden now.
Tom doesn't want to speak about his private life.
It was a cry of despair.
Many fear an uptick in the violence.
It is a notorious fact that the Monarchs of Europe and the Pope of Rome are at this very moment plotting our destruction.
You're drowning in a glass of water.
The conference went according to plan.
Whether you think you can or can’t, you are right.
In short, I disagree.
Our school is further away than the station.
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
Tom was the one who discovered the body.
I'm getting homesick.
Beatriz still loves Luis.
I'm indignant.
I am indignant.
I'm outraged.
I am outraged.
I want snow.
What problems arose for you?
What did you do about this?
What was the result?
Can you see an owl eating a delicious sewer rat over there? That's me.
That's very handy.
There's definitely something else.
Ah, that's much better.
Have some ham.
Our house is yours.
Air is missing!
Today we celebrate the life of one of the most amazing voices in rock.
We are grateful for the music he left behind.
Nobody wants to write sentences about armpits.
In Japan, radioactive cesium was detected in baby formula.
I have a corner in my heart just for you.
I have a corner in my liver just for you, alcohol.
This is the third time you trip on that today.
Try not to trip while you bring the dishes.
Forget it, those are just trivial details.
This deed became one of the most emblematic milestones of the Revolution.
A biochemist gathers mutants for everything as if they were ingredients for a recipe.
Don't put aside such an important detail.
Finding an optimal solution will take some time.
Finding the optimal for a numerical function can be an important challenge.
Don't leave evidence.
Don't leave any traces.
The entire colony will inherit the mutant DNA.
All those dots are viral focuses.
Genetic diseases are mostly irremediable.
Her family had a history of genetic diseases that dated back several centuries.
There aren't reports on this mutation because such a mutant wouldn't even born.
These are evidences of an ancient missing culture.
I like the color violet.
She's busy.
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.
That's a lie!
Make sure you get twenty rat livers for today's afternoon.
Don't spit through the window.
I've heard Italian is a tricky language.
This is easy!
I'm friends with him.
Me and him are friends.
Your life is in my hands.
The meeting ended.
Animals have sharp teeth.
Where did you see them?
Science is too hard.
It seems that Tatoeba is working properly again.
I had romantic ulterior motives.
Jenny has a gun.
Is this service available?
That was an awful day.
Everyone believes in victory, even when this is unlikely.
The hero became the villain.
The most famous supermarket is also the most expensive.
The floor tile split in four.
This gas station's gas is good and cheap.
Ethanol is an alcohol.
He didn't give her a bucket of roses, but he took her out for a coffee and talked to her.
I never drank anything but soda.
Whose lyrics are these?
Actually I know him, I just can't remember where from.
Digital cameras aren't as good as rudimentary cameras.
I want to leave, disappear, forget everything and everyone.
Comic books aren't as popular as they used to be.
She would probably do the same as he.
She was the first girl I'd ever kissed.
She knows English, Chinese, Esperanto and Morse Code.
I didn't like this game until I started winning.
Do you believe in such things?
I live in Tbilisi.
You are pregnant.
What is a god?
Tom was the first boy that ever kissed Mary.
The first boy to ever kiss Mary was Tom.
Tom has never been kissed by Mary.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't have the nerve to try.
What time do you think he'll come back?
Today I am very tired.
Automatic doors can be controlled more intelligently than is now the case. A newly developed control system opens the door only when someone is actually approaching. The door will remain closed if someone is merely standing in front of it or walking past.
The Franconian guest is entitled to be a little jealous when coming to the traditional holiday residence of High Society and the chosen homeland of rich pensioners, smelling the fragrant scents of the whole world at the flower market and walking past the Belle Époque Façades of famous noble hotels.
The lift is out of order.
You are very sexy.
Size doesn't matter.
How do you do?
The cobbler's children go barefoot.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
All hell is breaking loose!
Speak of the devil...
No pain, no gain!
Success doesn't come easily.
No sooner said than done.
That's easier said than done.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Keri is a gifted painter. Indeed, she has an extraordinary talent for painting.
You must go in the knowledge that sooner rather than later the great avenues will re-open through which free men will pass to build a better society.
Keep your eyes wide open!
Shut up. I'm on my holiday. All I want to hear is the bird's singing.
The ambulance came up a few moments after the accident.
We have a nice love story of ourselves.
Let's rehearse the fourth scene.
I really liked attending to that school. Every day, Gustavo would bring the guitar for us to play and sing during the break.
Don't forget that wrong conceptions lead to wrong conclusions.
The father gave his own life in order to save his daughter's.
Stay with me, dad! I'm afraid of the dark.
In the Middle Ages, anyone who'd oppose to the Holy Scriptures was murdered.
You don't give orders here.
We should better go to another room. They'd easily hear us here.
Give me the keys so I can unlock the door.
Some say that Ramses II had six women and more than 100 children.
I hope you'll pay more attention next time.
Three meals a day.
I have a terrible pain.
It's all over for us.
Have you received an answer to your letter?
Let's begin on page 30.
My car is now being repaired.
She's in the hospital now.
We have no extra money.
I have asked him.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
You've hit the nail on the head!
What a waste of a day!
I don't deserve to be in college.
I can't write my paper when I can't find a stupid topic.
I can't stand the cold.
I have almost no money now.
The train leaves at six.
He's fresh out of college.
I lost my key somewhere around here.
As a singer, she's well known.
She's well known as a singer.
The dip was so hot, it burned my tongue.
They started working right away.
We have a big dog.
I wonder where Yoko has gone.
You can't buy happiness.
You should exercise.
You should get some exercise.
I chose to look the other way.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
I admit that I was careless.
Mike has two friends who are girls.
Mike has two friends who are women.
People over the age of 18 are able to drive.
People over the age of 18 can drive cars.
People over 18 are allowed to drive cars.
He seldom went there.
He rarely went there.
He almost never went there.
She's wearing a nice hat.
She's wearing a cool hat.
She's wearing a great-looking hat.
That fact can't be denied.
I went there for the purpose of meeting him.
It's better to walk back than to get lost.
Stock prices fell quickly.
Stock prices fell sharply.
Maybe I know this person!
They're coming! Don't move a muscle or you'll ruin the surprise.
I confirm my presence.
My brother will kill me.
We work every day except Sunday.
We work daily.
We eat so that we may live.
We eat so we may live.
I wish I could dance every day.
It's illegal!
We heard this song before.
We love going on picnics.
What he said made us angry.
He was angry because of what she said.
What she said made him angry.
When does school let out for the holidays?
Shooting stars can fly across the sky in less than a second.
Sirius is a star brighter than the sun.
People threw eggs at the politician.
This computer is excellent, but it cost me a fortune.
Do you know the boy in the picture?
I finally passed that test.
I walk twenty miles a day.
Neither can I explain it.
The wonderful performance of this actress exceeded all expectations.
He is a warm-hearted man.
Is it raining?
Do you have a hobby?
I think she will come.
Is a skyscraper a big thing far away or a small thing close up?
Why do the five yen coin and the fifty yen coin have holes in the center?
I love walking barefoot on the grass.
I am eighty-five years old.
If I'd told you what goes through my head each time you do that, you'd quit it immediately.
Learn how to keep things in control from our expert.
You don't look bad in these pictures, you are that way.
I'm working tomorrow.
I said I don't like it, and that's no.
I can't tell pink from fuchsia.
Sorry, wrong number.
The Bible is the great best seller of all times.
He didn't order dinner yet.
She ordered three dinners.
She didn't order dinner yet.
I can't stand his comments.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my belongings.
The text needs to be translated into Belarusian.
There's a fan on the desk.
There's a fan on the table.
It is true that Aristotle distinguishes the tyrant from the king by the fact that the former governs in his own interest, and the latter only for the good of his subjects; but it would follow from Aristotle's distinction that, from the very beginning of the world, there has not yet been a single king.
The pleasure of possessing is not in my estimation worth the trouble of acquiring.
A cheap wooden box was set on a chair.
Little Sophie was not obedient.
His wife and his son were already sound asleep.
They're so good, cream and hot bread!
Ah! Ah! Ah! A drunk squirrel! that will be very funny.
Please buy me a turtle, Mother, please buy me a turtle.
We're in the red this month. If we don't start spending less next month, we won't have any savings left.
The telega is a Russian vehicle, four-wheeled when it leaves and a two-wheeled vehicle when it arrives.
He passed the exam.
She passed the exam.
We need a new political science for a new world.
After death, there is nothing, and death itself is nothing.
When teaching, men learn.
Without an enemy, courage dies down.
In all matters, excess is a vice.
He who does not know how to remain silent, does not know how to speak either.
One vice leads to another.
Eugenie was sublime, she was a woman.
He who sheds his debts becomes wealthier.
Men are the reason why women don't like each other.
Tell me what you have and I will tell you what you think.
Love and friendship are mutually exclusive.
Generous people make for bad merchants.
I have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen, a hundred farmers, wiser and happier than university rectors.
I have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen, a hundred farmers, wiser and happier than university presidents.
I found this restaurant by chance.
I slept very well last night.
I slept soundly last night.
In the summer, eggs soon go bad.
Let me say this just once.
Let's go by taxi, OK?
Why don't we go dancing?
Let's go dancing.
My grandmother has become old.
I've never been this happy before.
Don't dump garbage here.
Don't throw garbage away here.
No one knows the reason.
Nobody knows why.
We enjoyed ourselves to our hearts' content.
We have to postpone our departure.
We are attracted to your personality.
We are charmed by your individuality.
He sent me an urgent telegram.
She sent me a most urgent telegram.
Walls have ears.
The strippers can't get away.
What about the combination of both?
You left us, mate.
What is Gestalt Therapy?
I cannot wish the fault undone, the issue of it being so proper.
When small men begin to cast big shadows, it means that the sun is about to set.
Though this knave came something saucily into the world before he was sent for, yet was his mother fair; there was good sport at his making, and the whoreson must be acknowledged.
I lost another chance.
It is my firm intention to do this.
Our friend lost her mum.
I don't think it gets any better than that!
During this period, there was a way to get into the French clubhouse without standing in line: you had to eat the products inside, but it was really expensive.
He was writing a letter while listening to music.
Please understand that, under these circumstances, we have no other choice but to find another buyer.
You have to read between the lines.
Her journey was delayed because of the train.
Why do you ignore me?
She bought a new car.
Making a living as a manga artist is almost impossible.
Their journey was delayed because of the train.
Have you read "Structure and Power - Beyond Semiotics" by Akira Asada?
Only a handful of activists in our union are getting on our backs.
Only a handful of activists in our union are getting on us.
I lost my grandfather to cancer this year.
My grandfather succumbed to a terminal cancer this year.
You must bow to your seniors.
Often, that old man plays with puppets. It's creepy.
Everyone loves puppets.
Now I'll demonstrate this proposal with puppets.
Beer is the answer, but I don't remember what was the question!
Here is beer.
I was gonna say a year.
After almost a month I still remember the word.
Don't wait.
How much does a beer cost here?
I love what you've done to your place.
An emptiness devours my heart.
Why do you hurt me so much?
Why do I not have the courage to find my own path?
Is that from a book?
Jiro Akagawa has written over 480 novels.
Suzy has a large walk-in wardrobe.
The patient got over the critical stage.
I’m hanging in there.
That dog is really old!
These things only happen in Sweden.
The storm didn't cause any damage.
The sun shone brightly.
Turn him down once and for all.
What newspaper do you subscribe to?
Does it snow much in the winter?
Do you get much snow in the winter?
Does it snow a lot in the winter?
Don't lie. Be honest.
Don't lie. Tell the truth.
Don't tell lies. Tell the truth.
The road was blocked by fallen rocks.
Fallen rocks blocked the way.
Fallen rocks blocked the road.
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
He finally achieved his goals.
Our team returned home after a huge victory.
I didn't want to surprise you.
It's easy to work in jeans.
Let's leave early.
She'd never been this frightened before.
She'd never been so frightened.
Please write down what he says.
Strange rumors are going around.
She cut her hand with a knife.
She considered his offer carefully.
She and I have about the same number of stamps.
She has about as many stamps as I do.
She is really into knitting.
She came to like the new teacher.
Stay calm and do your best.
Exercise outdoors.
Take your time when you eat meals.
Eat meals slowly.
He really makes me angry.
Unfortunately, the report is true.
Unfortunately, the information is accurate.
The storm caused a power outage.
We lost our electricity because of the storm.
The train stopped because of the storm.
They spent an uneasy night.
Those shoes are old fashioned.
The pain of losing a child is indescribable.
We thought he was an American.
I thought about getting a tattoo, but I gave up on that thought.
It doesn't hurt so much.
Which of you will try it first?
Your cut wound doesn't hurt as much as before, right?
You need to respect the elderly.
You must respect senior citizens.
Old people deserve respect.
Her whole body hurt.
As for the surgery, it might hurt.
If labor pains would hurt so much as people say, everyone would only have one child!
We expect good results.
Good results are expected.
My ears hurt.
The most painful thing for a mother is having to bury her own child.
Always keep your workplace organized.
Some religious men regard pain as a sort of trial from God.
Ants work hard all summer.
Stomachache is usually mistaken with bellyache.
She listens to religious music.
Have you finished your preparations for the trip?
Speaking of religious matters is a delicate issue.
The loss of her mother brought upon him pains and regrets.
You complain and complain of backache, and you never visit a doctor.
Come here at exactly six o'clock.
Nobody should be subjected to pains or torture.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
Many consider that euthanasia is a way to relieve a patient's sufferings.
Grief is one of the worst sufferings.
The pain had affected his senses.
I wrote her a letter every day.
Everything that the news brought upon the family were pain and suffering.
My father quickly scanned the newspaper.
I'm sorry to say this, but you're fired.
I don't know if I could overcome so much pain.
He was saying his head hurt a lot.
The boy has complained of headache for three days.
He admitted his defeat.
He stuck with his own theory.
I like seeing you glad.
The soccer game will be transmitted live at five p.m.
Later, we'll visit the aquatic park.
I'd never forget the moments we've spent together.
Did you see yesterday's total lunar eclipse?
This beer's taste is unique.
The detective has the crime's evidences.
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.
She wears flamboyant clothes to draw attention.
After he fell on the stage, the singer got the support of the public.
Incentives are always welcome.
Incentives always help.
As for chess, I just know the rules.
I know the rules by heart, but I'm not so good playing.
He has no hope of getting ahead.
He was too embarrassed to do it.
He was too shy to do that.
He's agreed to do the job.
He's aware of his own faults.
He quickly scanned my manuscript.
He proofread my manuscript.
His house is near the subway station.
That person's house is near the subway.
His wife seems to be a foreigner.
How will you go to Osaka?
I've reduced the amount of meat I eat.
I lowered my meat consumption.
I don't eat as much meat as I used to.
I'm sure that you'll succeed.
I'm confident that you'll succeed.
He cannot be such a monster.
We have seen the best of our time.
It happened more than three days ago.
What serious contemplation are you in?
Do you busy yourself about that?
When did you last see my father?
I do serve you in this business.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him.
Say I am sick!
Remember what I tell you!
I do profess to be no less than I seem.
I have forty eight years on my back.
Why do you say it's a verb?
That calls for a drink.
He's rotten to the core.
That's the least of my worries.
We had to call in social services. This was obviously a case of child neglect.
Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile.
Don't you have more to say?
He took the guitar and started playing.
Get out of the way.
He smiles every time I see him.
Christmas shopping is way too stressful.
Save more.
Are you drunk?
He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster. And when you gaze long into an abyss the abyss also gazes into you.
One is punished most for one's virtues.
What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil.
Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, ages it is the rule.
To talk about oneself a great deal can also be a means of concealing oneself.
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity.
In short, systems of morals are only a sign-language of the emotions.
It's my pleasure to help you.
He never returned from that expedition.
The cave is full of fireflies.
As a child, I liked catching fireflies and putting them inside a jar.
Why does technology hate me?
Let's open our minds.
It has been written in Polish!
He made up the history.
Do you have any reservations about our reservation on the reservation?
For the time being, we don't need anything.
For the time being, we need nothing.
Nobody knows what his destiny has in store for him.
What on earth does this have to do with me?
I'm no longer tired.
I don't feel like sleeping anymore.
We're late. It's time to leave.
What is written cannot be undone.
I don't like feeling helpless.
It will be entertaining, if nothing else.
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.
My sweet darling, I miss you so much.
I want to see your expression.
I wanna see your expression.
I'm afraid of going blind.
I have some news for you!
I really miss you a lot!
I saw your progress about your dentist career and I'm really happy for you!
I think it's time to do my homework.
I love martial arts!
I used to dream of him.
She said everything will be over between us.
This is an illegal procedure.
How long are you here for?
It doesn't take long to get to his house.
He never stays long.
We waited for a long time, but you didn't arrive.
I didn't speak for long.
Learn to speak English in little time!
Our flight arrived one hour late.
He likes to explore underground caves.
Four people were reported to the law.
We can not learn Japanese without learning Kanji.
That's the best paper I've read so far.
My mother is out there.
I know a man who has many faces but only one hat.
My friend became accustomed to the way things were in France in those days.
She has seen a lot of crazy things but this one took the cake.
When you hear her stories you really must take them with a pinch of salt.
Only a true artist would agree to sing for his supper because he knows it would taste better that way.
I see smoke circles rising.
I can give you the starlight and a cup of tea.
Mushrooms are not for rent and the gingerbread house is not to let at the moment.
I made an appointment with destiny and then forgot it. I wonder if he's waiting for me?
His designs have broken new ground but his wife doesn't know it.
What is the point of a blue apple in that painting? Your asking this very question.
Don't let him down.
Nature is wonderful, but it goes unnoticed daily.
Did you read this journalist's scandalous article?
I have a parrot in a cage.
The lions roared in their cages.
Portugal has decriminalized drug possession for personal uses.
She just pulled your leg. It's a joke.
Mum! Can you pass me the toilet paper?
Can you clean your bedroom?
Does anyone want a beer?
Oh God. I'm not looking forward to cleaning the bathroom.
My laptop has been running so slow lately.
Even if you had studied a lot you would not have passed the exam. It was too difficult.
Sound familiar?
When you're mad, count to ten before speaking.
What is your house like?
Your uncle, a journalist, used to write for the Folha.
What would life be without hope?
"Mom, can I buy me an ice cream?" "No way, because if I let you, it will spoil your dinner."
Complete the formula here below.
Are you people lost?
Once you've started something, don't give it up.
Mr Wood didn't have any kids.
My office is a pigsty!
In an equilateral triangle with vertices A, B and C, the distance from A to B is the same distance as from B to C, or from C to A.
One day, all children in Malaysia will have the opportunity to attain an excellent education.
Your nose enters in my mouth.
You broke into my territory, now I must shoot you.
Divers or frog people have an air container on their backs.
I want neither meat nor fish.
How are you smiley.
The Japanese eat three times a day.
What's important is that she stayed at my side.
I don't express myself well in words.
I don't express myself well verbally.
She likes humiliating people.
"This conversation never occurred." - "What conversation?"
"This conversation has never occurred." "What conversation?"
Are you still here? I thought you were already gone.
I watched TV only to waste an hour.
There are no grammatical mistakes in this sentence.
I bought a book of jokes.
The little child was subjected to violence from his stepmother.
I cannot solve this problem.
I saw the stars; they captivate the eye, and their beauty is beyond comparison.
Joking is undoubtedly the best way to learn.
Investment in education is undoubtedly the only effective way to bring a country out of poverty.
Hands up! This is a robbery.
If you don't smoke much, it will be better. If you don't smoke, it will be much better.
When does the exam start?
What time does the exam start?
He passed away several days before his hundredth birthday.
If you want, you can go.
All the world wishes to have peace.
The entire world wishes to have peace.
The entire world desires peace.
Stop monkeying around!
Say well or be still.
Michael Jackson was a whisky expert.
An old man has a long gray beard.
Ah! What a beautiful flower!
I'm 1.83 meters tall.
I'm sure he'll go.
There is no other choice.
This is the only alternative worth considering.
I'll just have a glass of water.
I guess I miss you too.
I haven't broken a Christmas ornament in years.
Where have I been?
I like to be a redhead.
She became famous after having written the screenplay for that movie.
This is the dilemma.
It's the secret for improving one self.
It is the secret for improving one self.
I have seen loads of concerts.
I've seen loads of concerts.
I think highly of your mother.
These kids are always restless.
I'll ask whether he wants another drink.
Do you know who did it?
Marcia works at the best salon in town.
The young chemist decided to open a pharmacy.
"Time is gold" a true idiom.
Petrochemicals are chemical products derived from petroleum.
I don't want to cause you any trouble.
I don't want to cause you any problems.
Excuse me, I didn't understand you.
This wallet is made out of paper.
I'd rather avoid it.
I'm really jealous of your life right now.
People love to talk.
Why are you ignoring me?
I went to see a show today.
Thanks, I'm full.
Good thinking!
I eat sauerkraut every morning.
His sisters as well as he are now living in Tokio.
This is probably a real diamond.
This is a real diamond, isn't it?
My parents taught me to respect my elders.
I'm a make-up artist. I can turn any girl into a beautiful woman.
His office is near the train station.
I haven't used Anki for a week, and now I'm behind by 500 cards.
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case?
Today I went to university to study. Tomorrow I will go again.
The weather today is great, but lately it's been raining all the time.
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.
If it wasn't for music, the world would be a dull place.
I love how green everything gets down there in spring.
The roof was torn off due to the strong winds.
Why don't we go and see a movie?
I got a new girlfriend; you didn't know?
It is time to get up.
Oh no!
"Be quiet Mie," said Mom.
When I was playing video games in the living room, my mom asked me if I would go shopping with her.
That is, my dad is two years older than my mom.
Face facts!
My mom advised me to take a walk for a change.
The clock struck half past 12.
Master rang the bell.
And then, he chased the cattle, the sheep and everyone out of the temple.
As is often the case with educated people, he likes classical music better than popular music.
I had a good sleep till ten.
It would be awesome to have a script which looks for sentences, searches for translations, and concatenates the audio files.
Are you on your way to the tennis court?
She doesn't mince words.
I do not mince words.
I'm depressed.
Is it raining right now?
When I was a student, I was the worst at composition.
That's what I expected it to be like.
The clowning of boracasli has become the motor of innovation for security on Tatoeba.
It was impossible to come up with a really satisfactory solution.
I'm positive you won't be refused.
I'm absolutely certain you will not be refused.
I'm absolutely certain that you will not be declined.
I'm positive you won't be declined.
He managed to swim across the river.
Shall we play cowboy and Indians? I declare myself a sheriff, and you all must obey me.
There were no more free seats.
This cellular phone is really expensive.
This cellphone is really expensive.
This mobile phone is really expensive.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
This cell phone is really expensive.
Your possessions possess you and will hardly make you less dependent.
With whom are you talking?
He needs a new knee.
If something ridiculous occurs, then press down on the red button.
Push the red button if something strange happens.
One should treat his teachers with respect.
One's teachers should be treated with respect.
His teachers should be respected.
One should respect his teachers.
He has a white cat.
We could live in peace here.
I will email you after I check it thoroughly.
I ate a nutritious breakfast.
I had a healthy breakfast.
I had him repair my watch.
I had him fix my watch.
I sometimes hear rumors about her.
People believe what they see.
I built this doghouse by myself.
What a beautiful night!
This is a doghouse that I made myself.
This is the doghouse that I made myself.
He built a doghouse with his son on Sunday.
I used to often take walks along that river.
That red-roofed house is my uncle's.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
That house with a red roof is my uncle's.
Papa, let's have a face-to-face laugh battle!
Dick got in a traffic accident.
Dick was in a traffic accident.
Dick was involved in a traffic accident.
He was involved in a traffic accident.
Daddy, let's see if you can out-stare me.
Daddy, let's have a staring contest.
Ready, rock-paper-scissors! It's a draw!
I want you to kiss me.
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
The natural sweet-fish broiled with salt is absolutely terrific.
She's assertive.
She's strong-willed.
You believe he is a good doctor, and he is indeed.
How many stars are visible with the naked eye from earth?
The box fell apart due to the weight of the load.
Tom will never admit to being wrong even if he knows that he is.
Our dorm's heating system isn't working properly.
I have a sore throat. Do you have a cough drop?
She's a precocious one eh?
Whether we win or lose, I won't have any hard feelings.
I stared at papers all day today and now I'm tired.
My three-year-old niece kissed me on the cheek.
If that's true, then she's better than me.
It's like he has this special skill of hitting pressure points.
Chang-Yong Lim, the straight pitch that wriggles like a snake.
You shouldn't keep towels and cleaning rags together.
The price of my dress' fabric is 10 Euros per meter.
I asked her for her address.
We live near the large library.
It has been getting colder and colder, and I spend much more time in my futon.
That hotel has a homey atmosphere.
Dawn clears yesterday's dreams away.
Dawn's dew evaporates in the mild sunbeams.
Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
Is it raining now?
This chair is broken.
When I was in school, I really hated writing essays.
He plays there.
Play there.
He wasn't a photographer!
Any ideas will be appreciated!
I thought it was a good topic.
I have already written about it.
Dinner is almost ready.
Follow that car.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
How is this river called?
I would like to walk along the river.
He's not in.
Commodity futures markets have become highly speculative.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
It was a church event.
Only my best friend would understand my love for minions.
These things only happen to me.
I was at home.
I agreed with his plan.
I went, too.
I am a member of the basketball team.
I'm expecting a letter from her.
I'm leaving town for a few days.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
I'm taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I showed my ticket at the door.
No one told me that he had failed.
No one told me that she had failed.
She has about 2,000 books.
She waited for him for two hours.
Give me the slippers! Hey! Give them to me!
He's a historian. He's now studying the structure of war.
This vitamin boosts your immune system from diseases.
That's a really great idea.
I wholeheartedly admire your understanding of Chinese.
Suzanne is the girl over there speaking with Jan.
It feels like translating has not become very enjoyable.
This does not look like studying.
You shouldn't complain because you'll look ugly.
The weather has been on and off here for a few days.
Now I recognize you!
You are embarrassing!
You're embarrassing!
You must not be a virgin, right?
I miss Italy.
What the dickens?
I feel like translating has become very unenjoyable.
You're not an innocent girl, are you?
I have the feeling that translating has become very unenjoyable.
I feel like somehow I've stopped thinking of translation as something enjoyable.
Mandarin is spoken by more people than any other language.
I burnt my finger when some popcorn burst.
I burnt my fingers while I was preparing popcorn.
Ants and giraffes are distant cousins.
Ants and giraffes are distant relatives.
I'm in the other ambulance!
I want to watch television.
I looked for you everywhere and didn't find you.
Do you find me a cool guy?
Do you think I'm cool?
Do you think of me as a cool guy?
Let's go to the field and fly kites, what do you say?
Don't exaggerate now.
Hick the woodcutter cuts wood.
I wonder whether I should be proud or ashamed that there is no information about me on the first five pages of internet search results for my name.
You can add sentences that you can't translate yourself. Maybe someone else can translate them!
You should start from books similar to the ones you can already understand easily.
I want to go see the streets.
Make your students read books that make them think more.
Stop showing off!
Surely he is a sharp boy.
He had scientific attainments, but he didn't even know it.
He is certainly independent of his parents.
You shouldn't read books that are harmful to you.
You shouldn't read magazines that are harmful to you.
Pirates made unarmed merchant ships prey.
She lives near the beach, but she can't swim.
I have some time.
Let me pay.
Don't show off.
Don't cry before you get hurt.
We have to save him immediately.
Don't scream before you get injured.
I heard you are going to get married.
She swims well.
She lives near the ocean, but she can't swim.
Putin declared that Internet is bad for people because it's full of paedophiles, while admitting never using it himself, for lack of time. No doubt that without Internet, Russia is heading for a bright future.
A man who never makes mistakes is a man who does nothing.
While we were busy, 2 hours passed again.
Nowadays, that side parted hairstyle is rare.
It is impossible for me to cleanly crack an egg with both hands.
Err! Sorry, you are incorrect!
Here comes inaction and we don't know how to stop it.
4219 is an extremely unlucky number.
I don't like unrequited love; I want our love to be mutual.
I don't care whether he is rich or not!
I am a sensitive person, you know.
Even you are a guy who doesn't know when to give up.
Booze is the answer, but now I can't remember the question.
I don't care whether she is beautiful or not!
In any case, I don't like it because I don't!
No one has ever said such things to me.
Everyone has their own style.
If you act like that, he'll think you hate him.
I can't check to see if your email is correct or not because it's too short.
If you can't make peace with yourself, how are you going to make peace with anyone else?
Many are convinced that he is resistant to advice.
Many people are convinced that he is "advice-resistant".
It's not the end of the world.
I'd be more scared of the woman in the bath!
What can't be cured must be endured.
What's the weather like where you are?
They don't sell it.
The pain went away because I took the pills.
Because of the pills I took, the pain went away.
They worked like bees.
We can forgive, but forgetting, it's impossible.
We can forgive, but forgetting is impossible.
To he who is sick, honey has a bitter taste.
The following day, Sophie combed and dressed her doll because her friends were coming over.
Transplants save lives.
Two in distress make sorrow less.
The inscription reads: "Defend the children of the poor and punish the wrongdoer".
Eventually it was possible to find a really satisfactory solution.
It's commonly supposed that all fairy tales are stories from the folk tradition, passed through the generations by storytellers since the dawn of history.
I dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none.
As happiness doesn't exist, we shall try to be happy without it!
As happiness doesn't exist, we must try to be happy without it!
The fables written by Hans Christian Andersen, the most famous Dane in the world, made him an icon of world literature.
Easter begins next Wednesday.
Don't go beyond the permitted maximum speed!
The voice is not enough; we want also to see your facial expression and body language.
Today I'm going to run fifteen kilometers!
I'm going to run fifteen kilometers today!
Roads in the country aren't as busy as those in the city.
Country roads aren't as crowded as city roads.
His fairy tales made Hans Christian Andersen, the most famous Dane in the world, an icon of world literature.
What have we done to be punished like this?
I can't stand listening that shitty song anymore!
I leave life to join history.
The TV host said production would put in contact with me to deliver the award.
In addition to the policy, the firemen had to make their appearance too.
I leave life to enter history.
She has her father's eyes and her mother's nose.
I think it's great that you got that job.
We galloped our horses over the hill.
Judy is a very clever student.
You should take care of yourself.
People tend to raise their voices when they get excited.
People have the tendency to speak more loudly when they get excited.
That old man caught a large fish.
We were caught in a traffic jam on the way.
What's the best way to travel?
Not all of the boys laughed at him.
All of the boys didn't laugh at him.
As a pianist, he's much better than I am.
Please keep on working even when I'm not here.
Keep on working while I'm away.
It was hot, so I turned on the fan.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
He owns this land.
He seems to have no sense of humor.
We are the terrible judge at the end of the world: pray for wisdom.
His wife was nowhere to be seen.
How's that business going?
Margit was born in Bordeaux in 1908.
I was disappointed with those results.
I'll begin doing the job right away.
Jane became taller than her mother.
Just seeing it made me nervous.
The last time I saw him, he was very healthy.
He bowed to me as he left the room.
Lisa has a grudge against Stan.
Lisa holds a grudge against Stan.
Wow! What a big box!
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.
He felled a tree in his garden.
I think I should leave.
Three times four is twelve.
Eight plus two is ten.
Ten minus two is eight.
Twelve divided by three is four.
I think that my head is not empty.
And I answer: no.
I didn't even kiss her.
It was too expensive.
You're not entirely wrong.
We have no clue where he is.
Everything must come to an end.
Is it really true?
I understand that.
What are you called?
She couldn't keep from crying.
What does one call you?
She couldn't help but cry.
She couldn't stop the tears.
Why is he hiding?
We should go inside the house.
She treated his broken leg.
She didn't know what to do.
I bet he isn't telling the truth.
The story begins a long time ago.
The town has many tall buildings.
That town has many tall buildings.
There are many tall buildings in that town.
The wound left a scar on his arm.
The wound left a scar on my arm.
The wound left a scar on her arm.
Every time they talk, they argue.
This book is interesting.
This offer is available for five days.
This offer is good for five days.
Tom lives in our neck of the woods.
Tom is beginning to recover, but he's not out of the woods yet.
It isn't really helpful to translate word by word.
I wish you a speedy recovery!
Wan is prettier than her younger sister.
Siu-Yin is prettier than she used to be.
I don't feel well today.
Let's put it to the test!
Be a sport and wake me up tomorrow at six o'clock in the morning.
Shall we have a snowball fight?
What a plonker!
Let's not get lost in details.
I want more of that.
I should like to thank you for your cooperation.
I went to school by train.
I went to school at 8:30.
I have a son and a daughter. He is in New York, and she is in London.
It's great here!
Of course, she was right in the middle.
The last thing this country needs is bar-room politicians.
I gave you my life.
Now I offer you my death.
I fear nothing.
I fought against the exploitation of Brazil.
I have fought with my whole heart.
I had to resign.
Serenely I take my first step towards eternity and leave life to enter history.
He was trepanned.
It went off with its tail between its legs.
He went off with his tail between his legs.
Does your car have a spare tyre?
I would like to thank you for your cooperation.
I would like to thank you for your collaboration.
I sometimes wonder if it's truly for the best.
I'd like to have a cat.
Stop playing pranks on me!
If I feel inclined to, then I will try to contact the manager.
I must go to work early today.
Next week I'll have the late shift.
She is the only woman at her job.
I'm sorry, I know what I said earlier, but forget it.
For some reason, I'm happy when I see doubles.
When I'm hot, a glass of cool water really refreshes me.
Felipe has two cars and one bike.
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle.
I will construct a wooden building.
I want to speak in Lojban.
I'm failing at my job.
I don't want to say "hello".
I get tired due to my old age.
Tatoeba was temporarily unavailable.
My favorite pianist is Frederic Chopin.
War is a terrible thing.
Is there a cat on the desk?
Are there some cats on the desk?
Are there some cats on the desks?
You eat food.
Do you like New York?
People walk naturally.
No, I can't understand the fashion because I don't watch TV.
Stop complaining!
I am tired of hearing you moan and groan.
Glass has the ability to be broken under pressure.
I hate exercising.
He likes to just sit around and play video games all day.
What's with that mismatched dress?
I can't believe I signed off on your fuckin' E-5!
I wish you a quick recovery.
I fell asleep with my laptop on.
Wow, I'm a fucking retard.
Damn, it's chilly out.
You want to hang out or something?
I suppose I could do that.
I am going to take a shower first, since I went running last night and didn't take one afterward.
He's in the hospital.
He is young but clever.
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes.
We could go travelling for a few days.
You’d better lie low for a few weeks.
Could you help me for ten minutes?
He can borrow my moped for a few days.
The police will pursue her for a long time.
She goes online for several hours every day.
You should sleep for eight hours a day.
Waiting for too long makes most people annoyed.
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad.
Giving up drinking for a year is healthy.
I watched TV for two hours yesterday.
When you get there, wait for a while.
I’ll go out after I’ve rested for a while.
I slept for eight hours last night.
We’ve been waiting for hours.
I’ve known him for ten years.
They’ve been watching that film for ages.
They haven’t slept for forty-eight hours.
We haven’t seen him for over ten years.
It seems classes began yesterday.
Most seagulls are carnivorous.
Seagulls are mainly coastal birds.
Seagulls nest in colonies.
Seagulls can fly over great distances.
Usually, seagulls make long-lasting couples.
I thought he would come to church with us, but he decided to stay home.
We stayed around the bonfire telling jokes and horror histories.
I can't understand why do you insist all the time in inviting her.
This dog barks a lot.
A cookie is under the table.
The cookies are under the table.
Did you live here?
Did you live here before?
No one is illegal.
His ID was fake.
What a beautiful Sunday to read in the sun.
She won the beauty contest.
I'm an old man.
He has a phobia of Jaffa Cakes.
I'm going to wash my car.
I don't want to lose my deposit.
We must devote ourselves to our work.
Is there an app for that?
He receives subsidised student loans.
Can someone tell me where the keyboard is?
You have two options: São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.
Ekkehard wants a model train for Christmas.
The name of the city of São Paulo is written in Spanish also as "San Pablo".
I'm a Trojan, so I infected your Mac!
What shall I add?
Women's rights are human rights.
I've never been so tired.
The "kebab murders" appear to be solved.
Is the GOP to blame for the current economic crisis?
Don't make such a racket!
Farting in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
I'm utterly convinced of it.
What's bugging you?
The voices calling for Wulff to resign are getting louder and louder.
He's a tycoon.
The Constitution was proclaimed during the dictatorship.
He's not sick.
Forty people can't fit in here.
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?
We played better.
If the spectators made fun of the other team, then it would weaken their morale.
We are wishing from the bottoms of our hearts, that he and everyone passes the admission examination.
Our progress was put in check.
He is condemned to live on a wheelchair.
He said "kia ora".
We are subscribed to the Asahi paper.
The family members nursed the patient in turns.
Flags had been hoisted on the eaves of houses.
Yesterday, there was a traffic accident in front of the house.
I had barely got in the house when the phone rang.
We couldn't help but think that he was dead.
We must prepare so that we will regret nothing.
We did not help him, so he made it by himself.
We went together to Laramie, but then we split up.
I had barely got into the house when the phone rang.
There is an unexpected item in the bagging area.
We had no choice but to put up with it.
The only thing we could do was to bear with it.
As soon as I got home, the telephone rang.
We had no choice except to put up with it.
Why did you buy the same camera I have?
It's meant to be summer.
I can see you are having an awesome time.
There's nothing left to lose.
That took longer than I expected.
I secretly hoped this would happen.
You know why!
I mainly participated in the working group "environmental protection and sustainable agriculture".
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.
The woman hugged the baby.
They hate each other from the bottoms of their hearts.
You too can easily become a millionaire... if you are a billionaire.
There are many wild animals in this area.
There are many wild animals around here.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like the idea.
Do you drink tea or coffee?
How many Chinese friends do you have?
Is it far?
I don't have change.
We've picked the winners!
It is really cheap.
I always went to Miami in the summer.
No matter what happens.
How much do I owe you? - Four euros, please.
No matter what it is, we must persevere.
Our teacher is strict, and yet, he is kind.
Our company's showroom was a hit with the ladies.
No matter what happens, my determination won't change.
You probably already know about our company.
How much do I owe you? - Four euro, please.
We live near the border.
Do you fancy going for a bike ride?
I'd like to come along.
I'm already done.
We have to do our best.
Could you please call me back tomorrow?
We gave the first step, now we just have to keep going.
Anna knows by heart the first thousand decimal places of π.
Let's go to the cinema.
We have no idea where he is.
We have no idea about his whereabouts.
I also recommend to visit at least one city which is usually not visited by tourists.
I'm writing that on behalf of our friends who passed away.
They were established to celebrate a certain event or to tell an age-old legend.
I haven't eaten for many days.
I haven't eaten anything for days.
He drinks tea and listens to music.
They haven't slept for forty-eight hours already.
Last month I renewed my driving license.
We can't add days to our life, but we can add life to our days.
The king abdicated for health issues.
Minors can't come in here.
The priest frantically came into the church saying he had a message from God.
If you teach me your language, I'll teach you mine.
He was imprisoned.
You can't get back the wasted time.
Everyone were discouraged after they got their results.
Some people made fun of my situation.
There was no chance to finish the job on time.
Don't ask me why but, he ran away when he saw me.
If I were you, I'd stay away from that.
The U.S. Postal Service could shut down as early as next year.
It's supposed to snow tomorrow.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
I don't wish that on anyone.
If something looks too good to be true, it probably is.
That was yesterday.
That's the last thing I want.
I'm very worried about you.
The city of Aachen is administered as an independent district.
It's making me nervous.
This product is intended for private use only.
Do you believe in the Evil Eye?
I'll give you a short text in Esperanto and enough vocabulary for you to translate this text into English.
Thanks for all your comments!
There are certainly some points worth considering.
You've all been part of a valuable and worthwhile cause.
She has a book.
Tom bats 4th in our team.
There are many people trying to buy houses.
How many nights will you stay?
He hates singing in public because his songs are kind of bad.
Anything is possible.
Something is encompassing me.
I will try to eat it in one bite.
I tried to investigate his opinion indirectly.
Where is the closest travel agency?
Where is the closet travel agent?
There are no perfect women, nor perfect men.
In music, he is a famous critic.
I looked up a song I liked from a movie in YouTube and there were countless remixes; I was surprised at how many were hits!
Life is all about filling up the emptiness inside. Work, alcohol, music, we all have our ersatz of love.
There are people who say that the politeness of Englishmen is essentially a sense of fear.
The fire started immediately.
I was deeply moved after I saw the movie.
If clouds did not exist, then we would have no enjoyment of the sun.
Bernard of Chartres used to say that we are like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants, so that we can see more than they, and things at a greater distance, not by virtue of any sharpness of sight on our part, or any physical distinction, but because we are carried high and raised up by their giant size.
It began to rain, so he did not have to water the lawn.
Tell me the whole story.
Why did they argue?
I was bitterly disappointed.
Some Whites seek more imperial solutions.
Some Asians seek more technological solutions.
Some Middle-Easterners seek more religious solutions.
Unfortunately, I have to disappoint you.
He is not here.
She is not here.
It's not that I don't like to have fun - I don't have time.
It's not that I don't like to have fun, but I don't have time.
It's not that I don't like to have fun, it's just that I don't have time for that.
How much are these black trousers and these red shirts?
One book is thin and the other is thick; the thick one has about 200 pages.
There's no red thread.
Yesterday I met Marie.
There are no trails.
There is no leitmotif.
I missed the arrival of Sinterklaas.
They get a lot of rain all through the year.
I've been up and about all day, now I'm worn out.
After a storm comes the calm.
He's not home.
Be careful with what you drink.
The beard's gone!
The hair is short!
This was missing.
As of next week I am eating less.
You can use that phone.
You've been thinking over the problem all morning, take a break and go have lunch.
Let's come back to the base.
His wife has him under the thumb.
I really liked that film!
I just got a beautiful bunch of flowers from one of my clients.
His laptop is already five years old.
I wonder if exchange students can join this club.
I have cabin fever.
I demand that he be punished.
Don't underestimate it.
I missed the British accent so much.
It's not as cold today as it was yesterday.
There's a big hole in your sock.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
I never spend a day without thinking of you.
What club do you belong to?
This is fantastic!
After practicing for a year, she is barely able to play the piano.
I got a new cellphone.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano a bit.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat.
Children need to play.
I do not feel like doing it.
Everybody must know.
My daily routine of English has been greatly reduced.
The game lasted too much.
No, he doesn't have a motive.
My family belongs to the neighborhood association.
I'm married, you're married, let's get married!
I am married, you are married, let's get married!
I didn't know that it was going to be made into an Osakan version.
Carry her to the operating room.
Take her to the OR.
I cannot stand his comments.
I heard that a Perfume song is used in Cars 2.
You're young.
My friend from university gave me a Kindle because he said he wasn't using it anymore. It's the DX model with a large screen. It's not easy to use, but the screen is indeed quite nice. It hadn't bothered me until now, but it's become hard for me to read something on a normal LCD screen.
I've recently become crazy about Perfume too, but 2 years later than everyone else.
I slept lying on my face.
I sung too many karaoke songs, and now my throat hurts.
You shed innocent blood!
Don't hesitate to ask if you wish to know something!
The road is free.
Don't test me.
You got involved in something bad, huh?
I never played golf.
He has lots of money.
I adore poetry and music.
There's a red rose in the pot.
There is a red rose in the pot.
The wedding was celebrated at ten.
We have lunch at midday.
In spring, many trees get covered by leaves.
I think that it's good and bad that throughout my life I will not be able to forget that event.
She lives in London.
Don't misunderstand my words.
Do not misunderstand my words.
My premonition turned out to be right.
It always makes me feel a bit uneasy.
It doesn't matter where you go, we still won't be able to find you.
I'll never again let such a thing happen.
I have no words.
Should I bring something to read?
He cut down a tree in the garden.
You haven't paid your rent in a month, have you?
I helped them yesterday.
She says that she wants me to come with her.
I can't carry this suitcase by myself.
You like the slightly sour chocolates, don't you?
When will you come?
I often remember the place where we met each other.
You're acting like you know me; this is the first time we're meeting!
The actions she took were too careless, and she was left defenseless.
I turned the lamp off and fell asleep.
Is it the first time at 2:40AM tomorrow? Or is it the second time?
Did you do it yourself?
A true friendship is more valuable than money.
Hey, where did you put the car navigation system's user's manual?
Germany's winters are colder than Italy's.
Don't look at it anymore, please!
He constantly criticizes other people.
He's always leaving the toilet seat up.
I have been living here for a long time.
I know nothing about music.
I hope that kind of happiness will come.
Is it hard to learn German?
I love shopping in this mall.
Humans are asleep when they live, they wake up when they die.
This is the kind of gossip you usually find in a glossy magazine.
She was a member of the Red Army Faction.
This day will go down in history.
Sugar dissolves in hot water.
How are you, my sweetheart?
How are you, my dear?
How are you, sweetie?
Have you put up the Christmas tree already?
I’ll use the top concepts as a starting point for our continued ideation, sketches, sketch models, etc…
I've just invented a new word processor allowing to pronounce words backwards.
Half of the people in the office took a day off.
After the lesson, we clean our classroom.
We clean our classroom after the class is over.
Since when do you learn Latin?
A policeman is driving a car.
What is the doctor doing?
She is holding a red flower.
I have a red bike.
She cannot stand what her husband does.
It's too early for you to come.
Cold rain makes me chilled to the bone.
Put the flour on the shelf.
Happiness is a feeble flower.
I sat down next to him.
Really? You have a favorite writer you always read?
Happiness is a delicate flower.
His theory is based on elaborate investigation.
You've come too early.
When did you start studying Latin?
I'll have one hamburger, and may I have more water please?
It's a huge shock to me.
I argued with Yoko a little bit.
I drank a very hot double espresso at the coffee shop this morning.
What are you doing these days?
We can not live without water, not even for one day.
I don't drink beer.
We can't live even one more day without water.
We can't live another day without water.
She's used to getting up early.
She's accustomed to getting up early.
Ted is good at repairing watches.
Ted is good at fixing watches.
We'd appreciate a reply.
I would appreciate a reply.
How do you say "yuri" in English?
No matter where I go, I get lost.
No matter who says so, it's not true.
It doesn't matter who says that, it's not true.
I saw many birds yesterday morning.
You see that tall building over there, don't you?
I'm not quite happy with the wording of this sentence.
That picture brought back a lot of memories.
When he spoke, everyone became silent.
He loves going to the theater.
He's rich, but he's not happy.
He barely speaks English.
I could find his address.
He didn't only teach at school, he also wrote novels.
In Spain, there's a popular belief that when you sneeze, you have to say "Jesus" for the soul to return to the body.
There are some cookies under the table.
There is a cookie under the table.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
He was charged with conspiracy.
The magazine spread many important charges against the Senator.
The criminal charge is not the matter, it's about the attitude we adopt toward those abuses.
The claim is to be reported to justice within twenty days.
I'm against any kind of abuse.
Don't abuse me, please.
Barely an hour passes that I don't think about you with love.
Doctors and hospitals should help everyone.
E-mailing is a fast means of communication.
He thinks that he is a great poet.
He was frightened by the sight.
I feel like a beluga whale!
I was frightened when I saw that.
I feel like a white whale!
One of the professors whispered.
I must resist.
I have to resist.
I can't see anything. The windshield is very dirty.
Was she really boring?
I will remove the labels tagging the above sentences.
You're a billy-goat.
You are a billy-goat.
I'll remove the labels from the above sentences.
I respect the praying mantis as a living creature!
I respect the praying mantis as a living being!
I know I am terrible, but it was just tempting me.
I'm a citizen of the world.
I am a citizen of the world.
Don't call me.
That's Greek to me.
It makes me feel better.
I really hope you guys don't feel that way.
The number of students is dropping.
I am not nice, I am merciful.
I'm ready to eat a horse.
How many people are there in Europe?
He's wearing a cummerbund.
It reminds me of my childhood.
It's a cool place.
Pictures are amazing!
The thought of being eaten alive was both frightening and intriguing.
The boy threw a stone.
After I got out of the bath, my wound festered.
You must work.
This time it's my turn to pay.
This time I'll pay.
This time I'm paying.
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.
You smell so nice.
Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be.
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center.
It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
People have to talk about something just to keep their voice boxes in working order so they'll have good voice boxes in case there's ever anything really meaningful to say.
It's a goat and it is absolutely normal.
The impossible was achieved.
Means of transport were improved.
You recovered.
It is said that he resurrected.
There aren't many known ruins of this civilization.
We don't really know anything about death.
I told him, but he didn't pay attention.
I told you, but you didn't pay attention.
Do I need to explain it to you again?
You've been informed of your account state three days ago.
Can you hold it a moment for me?
I'll take my dog out for a walk.
I handed it over to you; I don't have it anymore.
I have mentioned it to you before.
They took it by force.
You must return this to me, OK?
We feared so.
Can we speak now?
He walked slowly so the child could follow.
He walked slowly so the children would be able to follow.
He has a large house and two cars.
Tracy has a house and a car.
He studied hard so he wouldn't fail.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
What on earth are you looking at?
He's used to climbing mountains.
He's used to mountain climbing.
He's accustomed to mountain climbing.
He trusts his assistant quite a lot.
He's being threatened by a certain gangster.
He seemed disappointed with the results.
It seems that he used to be a great athlete.
He's not the kind of person who finds fault with others.
He's not the kind of person who always criticizes others.
He's always saying bad things about his wife.
He's always bad-mouthing his wife.
He's very smart, so everybody likes him.
He thought it would be wise to accept the offer.
He donated $10,000 to the refugee fund.
He didn't need to bring an umbrella.
It wasn't necessary for him to bring an umbrella.
He often doesn't come to school.
He translated the verse into English.
Even though he's very old, he's healthy.
He's active doing charity work.
He's active performing good deeds.
He has a good chance of being elected.
He has a good chance of being chosen.
There's a good chance that he'll be elected.
There's a good chance that he'll be chosen.
I think he's Mary's older brother.
He's what we call an honor student.
He talked to the chairman.
She talked to the chairman.
She talked to the chairperson.
He talked to the chairperson.
He came to Tokyo with the dream of becoming rich.
He went to Tokyo with the dream of becoming rich.
He dozed off even though he didn't want to.
He found that all his efforts amounted to nothing.
How long does it take for the airport shuttle to get to the airport?
How long does the airport bus take to get to the airport?
How long does it take for the airport bus to get to the airport?
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He secretly showed me her picture.
He secretly showed me her photo.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
He often sits for many hours reading books.
Paper was invented in China.
I'll wait until six o'clock.
Men like lovely women.
His heart is sick.
Her heart is sick.
He has no chance of recovering.
There's no chance that he'll recover.
I love her so much I could die.
He left the room as soon as I entered it.
He tidied up his room.
The terrible scene made him shudder.
The terrible scene sent shivers down his spine.
The terrible scene made him tremble in fear.
He really likes traveling a lot.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He's been waiting here for quite a while.
He has a lot of teaching experience.
According to her, he won't come.
According to her, he isn't coming.
He supports the Democratic Party.
He chastised them for being noisy.
He let me know that he had arrived.
He can't have said such a stupid thing.
He likes music a lot.
He loves music.
He really likes music a lot.
He's not here because he's on a business trip to Osaka.
He's out of the office because he's in Osaka on business.
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
Those women were too surprised to speak.
Those women were so surprised that they couldn't speak.
He put me up for a night.
He let me stay for a night.
He put the traveler up for the night.
Speaking of AKB, I went to their live performances twice before their debut.
He achieved his aim of studying abroad.
Among other things, I don't know the recent members, nor their new songs at all.
I don't enjoy studying because I don't make any progress.
I've never been to an election before.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
As a boy he was tipped for greatness in adult life, now he is tipped for serving guests in a restaurant.
Would you please come?
He was too sleepy to read the evening newspaper.
He was sick, so he couldn't come.
He's friendly with all his classmates.
He's friendly with everyone in his class.
He looks exactly like his older brother.
He looks exactly like his brother.
Do you like trips?
He told me about the change in the plan.
He informed me about the changes in the plan.
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He admitted that he wanted to escape from here.
He is having a sudden surge of self-confidence!
He looked small next to my heavyset father.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason.
He might say something ambiguous again.
He might possibly say something ambiguous again.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He has to have an operation next week.
We're coming home.
He left for London the day before yesterday.
Did Mary knit gloves for you both?
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He tried to approach her using every possible means.
He tried getting closer to her using every possible means.
He tried getting close to her using every means possible.
He tried to be brave while he was being held hostage.
He tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He left the room without saying a word.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He advocated abolishing the death penalty.
He couldn't fulfill a promise he had made to his father.
He practices playing the guitar until late at night.
He learned that poem by heart when he was five years old.
He memorized that poem when he was five years old.
They say that he was very poor when he was young.
I could tell from his accent that he was a Frenchman.
He was a Frenchman. I could tell by his accent.
He was deep in debt and had to part with his house.
He's not smart enough to add numbers in his head.
He tried to pass himself off as a Frenchman, but his accent gave him away.
He practices the piano every day, so he can become a pianist.
If you may come home for Christmas? I don't know, I'll mention it to my wife and I'll tell you.
In these two or three years, he acquired a large amount of wealth.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
He bought the land with the plan to build a house on it.
He never forgot his ambition to become a leading politician.
He never forgot his ambition to become a great politician.
He had to let his secretary go because she got married.
My father is worried about my health.
He is in the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He is in the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He grits his teeth and forces back his growing fear.
He was wrong in thinking that she'd come to see him.
He's a famous physicist not only in Japan, but throughout the world.
He doesn't have any children, but other than that he's leading a happy life.
He likes mountaineering and is well acquainted with the mountains of Japan.
He likes mountaineering and knows the mountains of Japan quite well.
Parfait!
When he was in the military, he conformed to the strict army rules.
He was making a speech, but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise.
He hurried to the house, but was disappointed to find it empty.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth and shaved.
Why don't we drop by to see her?
"Don't go out now." "Why not?"
How did you learn how to play the violin?
What should I put on over my sweater?
After you leave, I'll be lonely.
I'll be lonely after you've gone.
How long will this cold weather continue?
How did the traffic accident happen?
What he said turned out to be a lie.
Who do you think the author of this novel is?
No matter how much she eats, she never gains weight.
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.
When I got home, I noticed that I had lost my wallet.
When she entered the room, he stood up.
No matter how you do it, the results will be the same.
It doesn't matter what excuse he gives me, I can't forgive him.
John made Mary jump.
John made Mary stand up.
I am very happy for you!
My parents are dead.
My fathers are dead.
One of the hunters was shot and had to be taken to hospital, where he is now making a speedy recovery.
An innocent passer-by was shot dead in broad daylight.
Again and again there are challenges in our life. Some call them problems, others call them growth opportunities.
My cat fought with another cat.
I got a sunburn.
He had to give up smoking to protect his health.
He speaks too fast.
This coffee is cold.
This man brushes his teeth.
That man brushes his teeth.
She gave me a wrong address on purpose.
The river Maritsa constitutes a border between Turkey and Greece.
The sun is the most brilliant star.
Father and brother.
I am in the garden.
Instead of coffee he gave me tea with sugar, but without cream.
You speak nonsense, my friend.
My sister is a very beautiful girl.
Do you love your father?
Don't expose him to the rain!
Don't expose it to the rain!
Mary helped her mother to cook.
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.
Tom doesn't want to go there alone.
She abandoned her sons.
She left her children.
My home is close to the station.
My house is situated near the station.
He doesn't smoke.
He is not a smoker.
He isn't a smoker.
What a question! Of course I love him.
What a question! Of course I love her.
It's nothing, don't worry!
I learn ten new words every day.
What's the word?
Isn't it beautiful?
I thought he had died.
Work is so frustrating today.
I broke a nail.
Where's everyone going tonight?
Her party was really fun.
Her party was really quite fun.
I have ten pens more than you do.
Tom didn't know the meaning of "anglophobia," so he did a quick web search to see if he could find out what it meant.
He stayed up all night reading a novel.
They stayed up all night.
He stayed up all night.
He often used to stay up until late at night.
She stayed up late last night.
He stayed up late last night.
I stayed up late.
The girl was used to staying up late.
Mary is staying up late this week to prepare for her finals.
I was glad to hear the news.
They were happy when they heard the good news.
He decided to write in his diary every day.
He made a resolution to write in his diary every day.
He made up his mind to write in his diary every day.
I must write in my diary every day.
My father writes in his diary every day.
She is in the habit of writing in her diary every day.
He makes it a rule to write in his diary every day.
A long time ago when I was young, I used to write in my diary every day.
I used to write in my diary every day when I was young.
Have you already written in your diary today?
She used to keep a diary, but doesn't anymore.
I never expected to meet her in a place like that.
I never expected to meet her in a place like this.
My father drinks a cup of coffee every morning.
Do you always drink coffee with your breakfast?
In the morning, Sandra eats a slice of bread and drinks a cup of coffee.
I always drink two cups of coffee in the morning.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night. I don't either.
Please try that coffee. I think it's really delicious.
Please try drinking that coffee. I think it tastes very good.
No matter how tired he is, he writes in his diary before going to bed.
It's fun to read my old diary.
I found the diary that my father kept for 30 years.
I found my father's diary that he kept for 30 years.
I have decided to keep a diary this year.
I have made a resolution to keep a diary this year.
By the way, how many of you keep diaries?
By the way, how many of you keep a diary?
It isn't easy to memorize dates.
The Prime Minister will hold a press conference tomorrow.
I think I'll buy a new car.
I'm not sure when he'll come.
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.
I have heard that song sung in French.
I've heard the French version of this song.
I punched him in the chin.
I punched his jaw.
I wanted to make some telephone calls.
I'll explain the incident.
Let me tell you about the case.
I'll be sixteen on my next birthday.
I'm tired of this monotonous life.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember the exact words.
I think she's an honest woman.
I don't know who you want to see.
I don't know who you want to meet.
I woke up with a crick in my neck.
No matter what the cost, I will accomplish that.
I will accomplish that no matter what the cost.
It's quite clear to me that that is the truth.
I'm sure that is the truth.
I found this movie very interesting.
"There are some things I want to buy," the boy said.
I was confused by her expression.
I was confused by the expression on her face.
I lent my friend some money.
I still love this bicycle.
I made a bad mistake on the test.
I made a serious mistake on the test.
I think you need to think about the future.
I think you should think about the future.
I tried to stay on friendly terms with her, but it was impossible.
I tried to make up with her, but it was impossible.
I walked around aimlessly.
I wanted to return to your village.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling that bad.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling so bad.
I think he's a man of ability.
I think he's a competent person.
I think he's competent.
I don't know how to play golf at all.
I don't know anything about how to play golf.
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.
I was unable to go to his birthday party.
I held on to the rope tightly so I wouldn't fall.
There are a lot of things I have to do.
"I want that book," he said to himself.
I went to bed early because I was tired.
I'm sure I'll win the tennis match.
I'm certain that I'll win the tennis match.
I think, without a doubt, that I'll win the tennis match.
I'm confident that I'll win the tennis match.
I felt very relieved when I heard the news.
I translated the poem the best I could.
I think it's sad to not have any friends.
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars!
Russia has woken up.
God is in the detail.
Christmas is so close now.
The geologist climbed into the limo.
Be intolerant only of intolerance.
Who tastes everything becomes disgusted with everything.
We travel not to move, but to change our mind.
I have much studied both cats and philosophers. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.
If we always get to the bottom of things, at one point we stay there.
He hides himself.
Many stars are forming within the galaxy.
Listen!
The governor visited the city.
When is my brother's birthday?
I know you love me, but all I feel for you is just affection.
It has been six years since I started to study English.
She had the box carried to the first floor.
Hello, my name is Tina.
I saw your profile today at tatoeba.org and I love it. I would like to know more about you, so please email me back and I will send you some pictures of me.
Are you willing to go to the beach?
He smiled.
It smiled.
They lied to you.
The father and the son are very similar to each other.
Your O's resemble your A's.
I was nine years old when I asked my mother whether Father Christmas really existed.
Merry Christmas, my love!
There are some spectacular things on that site.
Just forget it.
You can come.
May you all get what you wish for.
It's already Christmas in Europe.
You have provided me with some very useful advice.
Tom doesn't know the difference between astronomy and astrology.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
It was the lark, the herald of the morn, no nightingale.
Santa Claus is Chinese.
He can't swim, he will sink!
He is in a coma!
I tell you a little secret.
She can take control of the situation.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, then speak to me.
People who hurt children do not deserve mercy.
That's a nice ring.
The children don't have school today.
I hope you had a wonderful day.
I've become very sleepy.
Forgive my laziness.
I found my boyfriend's favorite Beatles song playing from a music box. I'll be so happy to give it to him.
What a wonderful present!
He put a ring on it!
This is Christmas!
Happiness is real only when shared.
I am a great admirer of American culture.
I've lost even my cell phone!
I also lost my cell phone!
Nobody mentioned a storm.
Bread's in the oven.
The bread is in the oven.
I want that turtle home!
We understood that you have eaten a lot.
We understood that you've eaten a lot.
He wants me to go with him.
Do you have a better suggestion?
The enemy warships bombed our warehouses in the harbour.
"Yes," she said, "you are right".
The pirate was observing the sea with his monocular.
One more hour and the turkey will be ready.
You aren't living here.
Many topics were discussed during the interview, but some of them were censured.
He counts fast.
I would like to kiss you.
His bad face doesn't scare me even a bit.
Her bad face doesn't scare me even a bit.
His nasty face doesn't scare me even a bit.
I don't smoke anymore.
Tom looked as if he hadn't shaved for a week.
You can make a cake with flour, milk and an egg.
With flour, milk and an egg, one can bake a cake.
What size of cake do you like?
I saw a UFO.
I own an electric guitar.
He did a lot for his people, but he could have done much more.
The accident happened in one of the President's official trips.
She says something different in every interview.
I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention. What did you say?
It's very late, so I should already be in bed.
When the firemen found out the girl's location, they ran to rescue her.
What are the lyrics to that song?
She's about to set off.
You have to create problems to create profit.
I answered, "Yes, I want it."
We weren't actually posing.
I'm surprised Wade isn't carrying her in his purse.
You two look great!
Tell us something.
I didn't think that it would turn out like this.
I had thought that it would be good if I had been able to meet her there.
He tends to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
Children often cry just because they want some attention.
We provide value for money.
I'll provide value for money.
Which word processor do you prefer?
He's very angry.
Which text editor do you prefer?
He's very angry with her.
When my father found out that I've been going out with Nimrod Nick, he got very angry.
His handwriting is bad.
I won't go there anymore.
I won't go there again.
That shirt is too large for me.
I'm a little nervous.
The word "cliche" comes from French.
I really wish I'd paid more attention in Budapest instead of going shopping and seeing the Harry Potter movie.
I hope you have a great day!
I can't think of a better way to celebrate my engagement to my best friend.
I think shopping wins.
I love the scrapbook Tom made for me.
I'm glad you like it.
I had my military service in Ankara.
Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?
Kemal Tahir narrates the occupation days of Istanbul in 1920s in his book named "The People Of The Slave City".
I'm getting the hang of this.
I saw my mother hiding the cake.
A neutral work is the work of a coward.
I'm quite a normal guy who has many hobbies, maybe too many.
I'm a completely normal guy who has many hobbies, maybe too many.
There's nothing more I can teach you.
I won't let you escape.
How do you feel about me?
He's on a hot streak.
She's gonna kill me.
She's going to kill me.
Don't ask the same thing over and over again. I explained it properly to you already. It's getting tedious.
Tell me about this girl.
Tell me about this guy.
Math is a bitch.
This sentence is fine.
The actor became speechless when he was questioned about his private affairs.
I thought that you wanted to see me.
Quit joking around.
I think I'm pregnant.
You always throw your money away.
Am I the father?
We're not as young as we used to be.
Catch you later.
See you later, alligator.
What is this place?
I'm starting to enjoy it.
I know it's wrong.
I know it's wrong, but I'll do it anyway.
I knew it was wrong, but I did it anyway.
We have to pick a name for the child.
If she finds out, I'm screwed!
Delete that picture.
You look pale as a ghost.
You look as pale as a ghost.
I feel like people are staring at me.
I'm working on another case.
She lied about being pregnant.
This discussion is over.
I can't die here.
I almost had a heart attack.
When she told me that she was pregnant, I almost had a heart attack.
You can't come over tonight.
Don't joke about that.
Get real.
I've gotta take a piss.
Am I seeing things?
I have to take a leak.
Is she cheating on me?
Could she be cheating on me?
Michael Jackson died.
On the face of it, nothing could be more reasonable.
The world is full of idiots.
What is this all about?
I'm not hiding anything from you.
Get your ass back to work.
I don't believe this can happen, as the year-end festivities don't allow a diet.
But unfortunately, this will not occur very soon.
But unfortunately, this will not happen very soon.
I know that now, obviously, everyone expects me to tell something about my trip.
I know that now, naturally, all are waiting for me to share something about my voyage.
If voting changed anything, they'd abolish it.
He refused to give an interview.
Many people refuse to eat meat during Easter.
The doctor broke the Hippocratic Oath.
We uploaded the pictures from our wedding on Facebook.
I need a new USB cable.
Auguste Comte is regarded as the father of sociology.
I didn't like him to come back home while I was sleeping.
They already called off the strike.
I bought a smartphone for my wife.
Introduce me to your parents when you feel ready.
I love Aimer's songs.
I have to pay a little more attention.
Can't you peel an orange?
Wake up and pay more attention!
I'll go to Bahia next year.
Everyone wants me to go, but I don't feel like going.
I was looking for something, but couldn't find it.
"I want to talk to your grandfather." "That's not possible, he died a few years back."
You don't know what it's like to lose your entire family in a war.
He lives in Morocco.
I don't know how can you stand that guy.
All lizards can lay eggs.
These organs were made in test tubes.
The boy was shirtless.
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients.
She knows what she wants, that's what matters.
Is he taller than his brother is?
We have 24 hours to evacuate the city.
I want to talk to him.
Are you watching this show?
I don't want to listen to you anymore. Get out of here!
It's a holiday tradition.
Have you ever been to Venice?
She's my wife.
It all happened so fast.
I chose these shoes.
I heard they found an alien artifact on the moon.
You have divided the Sermon on the Mount into chapters in your own way - according to the subject-matter, I suppose.
As far back as I can remember, I have had thoughts and ideas which at the time, seemed to make me unique.
In actual fact, many of my earliest memories are theories I had about the world around me.
My earliest thoughts were about phonetics.
Without actually knowing what "phonetics" meant and probably not even knowing the alphabet, I was able to think to myself that "p" was a harder version of "b" as was "t" to "d", "k" to "g" and "s" to "z".
This all worked reasonably well inside my own head but at the time I was only four, an age at which apparently I wasn't even speaking yet except to express basic needs.
However, I didn't know I wasn't speaking. I simply assumed I could.
You want to remain anonymous.
He's been Santa Claus.
I would rather stay at home than go fishing.
Please, help my daughter.
Can I marry my aunt's husband's nephew?
At the same age, I used to wonder about matter, thinking that different colours must have represented different kinds of matter.
When I started school I had a teacher who took a sympathetic and open minded approach.
Don't be upset when they are gone.
Even at that early age the other children could probably tell there was something wrong, despite the fact that I never suspected anything of the sort; and this was to be the case for a long time to come.
I wasn't trying to make a move or anything.
This is the dumbest idea ever.
I don't look handsome; apparently I am handsome.
This is an adverb.
What alleviates the pain?
What relieves the pain?
We have it in Croatia too.
I like men.
Can I pay here with Kontaktlos?
Can I pay here via Kontaktlos?
It's the funniest dog in the world.
I have a fear of the dark.
I'm afraid of being afraid.
My friend said she bought a new watch.
Silence, you fool!
She needed the money desperately.
Can I pay here with a contactless card?
She is very beautiful.
Are you trying to hit on me?
I like this perfume.
I was about to be stabbed.
I don't envy him.
I don't envy her.
Tom talks very fast.
Shut up, you idiot!
In Latin there are five declensions.
His pride won't allow him to ask questions.
It's as good as done.
My stomach hurts after meals.
Nouns in Latin have five declensions.
Please stop fighting.
She came home disappointed.
She is used to sitting.
You have to push that door to open it.
If you push it, the door will open.
If you push the button, the door will open.
Do you know how to decline this word?
It depends largely on the context.
Why is it that you're always late?
I can't help thinking about the future.
While we were doing that, another two hours passed.
Even though it was raining, they went on their outing.
It was raining. However, they still went on their school trip.
Formatting a hard disk is a simple process, though expensive. It can cost up to $50 in Brazil.
Even though it was raining, they went on their field trip.
She was injured in a car accident.
The clouds are getting darker and darker and it's beginning to look like it might rain.
However, I am not a specialist.
I will probably be the first Polish foreign minister in history to say so, but here it is: I fear German power less than I am beginning to fear German inactivity.
And I’m not sure there’s anyone better at yanking up their galoshes and trudging onward in the face of loss.
Steel is quenched in cold water after having been tempered by heating.
Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is epileptic, and suffereth grievously; for oft-times he falleth into the fire, and off-times into the water.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love, or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies?
It will help you pull together the scattered fragments of your memories.
Should you lose your way, this is your compass, your guide back to the path you will follow.
Reinforce your inner sense of connectedness.
Nice dress.
An intelligent man uses his mind, but the more intelligent man also uses mind of others.
It brings a beacon of hope.
He's a trickster.
It leads a lecher and a thief to soon become a man of the cloth.
Voters may yet reject the misbegotten 'Dream Act'.
I can't quite figure out what that chord around 1:58 is. Can somebody help me out?
In 1920s inflation was so high in Germany, it was an ordinary case to burn money to keep warm.
I illuminate myself with immensity.
Immensity fills me with light.
I'm enlighted by immensity.
I flood myself with light of the immense.
My sun inside rises from space.
I've forgotten. Was House Lancaster's family crest a red rose, or a white rose?
I have been a keyboardist at a local band for three years.
It was a wrong number.
Have you come to file a damage report?
Have you come to register a crime?
She glows with happiness.
Egg tarts, when freshly baked, are a real delicacy.
She's beaming with happiness.
Can you accompany me there, please?
Why are you always late?
It's time you got married.
The last thing we need is a war.
I believe he is competent.
She has nice legs.
That's a nice pair of legs.
That's a nice pair of legs, when do they open?
I don't know anyone by that name.
You look dazzling, my dear.
Slavery is still a sensitive subject around here.
The chair was too high, and I found myself with my legs hanging in the air.
The boy mourned the death of his hamster.
This is the first time I've heard about it.
I don't like this comparison.
We would often discuss our future.
Her cooking is the best.
Her cooking is amazing.
In an attempt of escape, the bandit did away with the life of four hostages.
After being unfairly sent to prison, all his dreams were over.
The bandits ran away when they heard the police siren.
The Colonel said the situation is under control.
This gesture is worth more than a thousand words.
It's strange how everything can change in one day.
Keep your hands off my daughter!
Don't be ridiculous! We are not descended from apes, we only have a common ancestor.
Cow's milk is tastier than soy milk.
There was a scuffle in front of the store when the new product was released.
Seriously?
May I ask who you are?
He stole his classmate's cellphone and hid it inside another student's bag.
We need to have this researched by a biologist.
You can't learn here! This is a school!
What are you doing in your life?
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
Endorphines are natural analgesics.
I'm not playing with your feelings.
My car was stolen. It's not there where I parked it.
Baptists reject infant baptism.
I'm being chased.
She has two sisters.
On Sundays, shops stay closed.
Don't forget that the adjective must agree with its noun.
These houses are my uncle's.
Check if the phone is not unplugged.
She is something on the outside, but another on the inside.
Our town is facing a wave of student protest.
Thanks for understanding the drama of my homeland, which is, like Pablo Neruda would say, a silent Vietnam; there aren't occupation troops, nor powerful planes clouding the clean skies of my land, we're under financial blockade, we have no credits, we can't buy spare parts, we have no means to buy foods and we need medicines...
But the student has an obligation because he's more likely to understand the financial and social phenomenon and global realities; it is his obligation being a dynamic factor in a process of change, but also never losing sight of reality.
She's not interested in her English lessons.
You weren't counting on my evangelizing power!
I prefer to go swimming.
Perhaps the Earth is not the only planet gifted with life.
She didn't write either.
This monument is closed to visitors.
They replaced that factory's employees with mechanical arms.
I haven't been busy for these past two days.
The movie is popular with young people.
Any war is a conflict of interests where the most affected are the poor.
I don't like the new textbook we're using in the English class.
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.
I have only three goals in life: learning, learning and learning.
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
I've given up my brother for dead.
There are no rules without exceptions.
Every rule has its exceptions.
My uncle is slim, but my aunt is fat.
My uncle is thin, but my aunt is fat.
Mr. Suzuki isn't a dentist. He's a physician.
My husband is impotent. What should I do?
Smoking can cause impotence.
The length of days and the length of years hardly vary at all.
The mother was disappointed at her son when she found out the atrocities he had committed.
I didn't know there would be an Osaka edition.
For one thing, I don't have any money. For another, I don't have the time.
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
The thieves dug a tunnel and robbed the bank.
The police arrested members from two criminal gangs.
He armed himself with a gun and went to face the enemy camp.
All the members of the band were Ukrainian.
Don't view opinions and facts as the same thing.
The terrorist group was dismantled.
Don't confuse opinions with facts.
After much thought, the thief decided to confess.
You shouldn't give the same weight to opinions as you do to facts.
Maintaining a criminal in the jail is very expensive.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
War doesn't bring on peace; on the contrary, it brings pains and grief on both sides.
The police don't know where the criminals hid themselves.
He only listens to rock bands from the fifties.
The thief will show up.
I didn't understand the meaning.
I didn't get the meaning.
The thief stated remorsal and claimed to be heartbroken before the crimes he committed.
When the police came on stage, the criminal gave up.
Some of them are healthy, but some of them aren't.
Some eggs weren't rotten, but the rest of them were.
The concert was short. However, it was very good.
My cousin is the second to the last person in the line.
In here, I look like a madman who just escaped from the lunatic asylum.
It's too cute to be true.
Unfortunately, I don't believe she'll succeed.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure she'll succeed.
He'll succeed for sure.
She'll succeed for sure.
She's sure to succeed.
Her son will succeed for sure.
The police don't know where the criminals are hiding.
I'm pretty sure he'll succeed.
There were many injured people, but hardly any people were missing.
She seems reserved, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
Every member but me believes what he says.
The price is low, but then again, the quality isn't very good.
The price is low, but the quality isn't very good.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.
I only entrusted the secret to you.
People can begin to love when they choose, but they have no choice when it comes to ending love.
People can choose to start loving, but can't choose to stop.
People can easily start loving, but not so easily stop.
I was planning to call him, but changed my mind and didn't.
I couldn't help but feel disappointed when I heard the news.
The girl wanted to tell him the truth, but she couldn't.
No lapwing pilfers Lieschen's licorice.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't because it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't since it was locked.
The army is the linchpin of North Korean dictatorship.
My job is strangling rats.
Those are the most expensive shoes I've ever seen.
That's right, when you greet him you must strangle him with all your strength. He'll be glad.
When did you go home?
Let me be the judge of that.
The universe moves around your ass.
Learning a musical instrument trains the mind.
It's a good day for a cabinet reshuffle.
It's inevitable.
Put your hands down.
Really? I didn't know she was your sister.
Because I speak Chinese.
My sister and I have come.
Four thousand sentences may be translated in one year by a Klingon speaking man.
The chair is not by the window.
Having been left alone, the baby started to cry.
Having been left alone, the baby started crying.
May I turn on the radio?
The thief was apprehended this morning.
He started crying the moment he heard the news.
Tom knows Mary quite well.
I'm often only half awake.
I'm often half asleep.
Mary showed me the letter.
Though this be madness, yet there is method in't.
This is a real Vuitton.
I'm often sleepy.
Possibly she will not come.
It's possible that she won't come.
Maybe she won't come.
Maybe she will not come.
He may not come.
It's possible that he will not come.
Maybe he will not come.
I've kept you waiting for a long time. Please forgive me.
Let us begin, then.
Let's begin, then.
You're not young anymore.
Somebody wants a haircut.
Perhaps it's supposed to be kilometers.
Please understand my position.
I think, the matter is cut and dried.
Eh, you two came back here while sharing the same umbrella. I smell love in the air.
He had a mild heart attack.
The train passed through the tunnel.
He's an expert in hydroponics.
Even though it's an hydroponic tomato, it's quite tasty.
He's an expert at throwing knives.
There's no need to rush things.
Xiaowang, when were you born?
After the trip, we felt very tired.
Did you practise the harp this morning?
Did you practise the guqin this morning?
Tom almost never forgets to send his mother a Mother's Day greeting card.
Do those girls wear white skirts?
She likes all of us.
You don't look like a priest.
You're the light of my eyes ... and crown of my head.
Nobody supported her.
Nobody encouraged her.
Can I have my breakfast here?
I never saw her again.
I wanted to make several phone calls.
I wanted to make a few phone calls.
His affection towards me has decreased.
Something is wrong with my car.
My car was stolen. It's no longer where I parked it.
All those books are mine.
Nice timing.
You don't need to worry about wiretapping.
I don't believe I'll do that.
The dogs bark, but the caravan moves on.
Don't worry, you can trust me.
There's a lid for every pot.
Don't make fun of me!
Don't delay today's work until tomorrow.
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.
It is the end that counts.
Computers are complex machines.
Have you ever seen the movie "The Box"?
Good-night, sweet prince; and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
He plays baseball after school.
She plays baseball after school.
She is washing the car.
She washes the car.
One more time, please.
I found out the cause of my death.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
It was perfect!
You're the most important person in my life.
You're the best thing that's ever happened to me.
I miss you when you're not here.
Swearing makes you feel relieved.
I'm cracking up.
Is there a pilot on this plane?
They set very low standards.
His explanation wasn't satisfying.
Why is my cat attacking my bathrobe?
With all due respect, I think it's bullshit.
She sings in an unbelievable way.
His brother had been missing for a while.
Be careful. This may be the last time in your life you make a mistake.
Do you think that male leggings are cool?
No amount of training can prepare you for this.
My friends always say I'm too reserved, but my family always says I'm too much of a bore.
They do not accuse me, they insult; they do not fight me, they calumniate, and they don't allow me the right of defense.
I will ask him tomorrow.
The new professor is in the classroom.
The new teacher is in the classroom.
My friends always say I'm too reserved, but my family always says I'm too boring.
I want it to look like a robbery.
Everybody calls him Jeff.
I asked my father to bring me to the circus.
The walls are bloody.
She lacks experience, doesn't she?
John and Robert spent their vacations at Martha’s Vineyard with their families.
He told her to study.
He told him to study.
He is named Jeff by everyone.
He is called Jeff by everyone.
Do you want to play football with us?
You already know it: I married a widow.
I'm a perfectionist.
This computer has a Pentium microprocessor.
Women were the ones who suffered the most during the Inquisition.
We will have breakfast at eight o'clock.
Contact me by ordinary mail.
I bought a commemorative medal on my trip.
When I was asked by my wife where I was going tomorrow and with whom, I rushed it and ended up giving a confused answer.
I like horses.
I love horses.
Even though it has a masculine and feminine reproductive system, the earthworm requires another individual to bring forth fecundation.
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the watch he lent her.
Some people say he was murdered, others say he killed himself.
I found out something deeply related to you.
I found out a very interesting site I'd like to recommend.
There aren't only nice people in the world.
If my parents find out you came over, they could do something crazy.
This insanity has to stop!
This play is a musical.
It seems to me you have appendicitis.
Put these dishes inside the drawer, please.
Look, it's the North Star.
Senpai, would you buy me some soft ice cream?
Those times were characterized by their mystic.
It was a hamburger of epic dimensions!
The flying squirrel came flying down from the tree.
The future subjunctive mode in the Portuguese language is strictly connected to conditional sentences.
You'll do what she says and you'll succeed.
As you have difficulties, I'll help you.
Drinking is harmful for your health.
Drinking is bad for your health.
My older sister is a female ninja.
If my parents discover that you came over, they are capable of doing something crazy.
I should have tested this electric shaver before buying it.
This is the most shocking thing that ever happened in life.
My sister is a kunoichi.
When I saw him, I thought he was going to kill me.
Our greatest enemies are no other than ourselves.
She shaves her legs many times a month.
Impossible isn't French.
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend.
Sometimes you sound like a girl.
How I'd like to be with you!
Act like you never did it before.
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?
We have no second choice.
I changed my hair, but he didn't like it.
We will never know how he's feeling.
The test says I was a king in my previous life.
I don't know who I'm going to choose.
As F. Scott Fitzgerald famously noted, the rich are different from you and me.
Who is the girl you care about the most?
This girl is much stronger than him.
What she is trying to say is that you're a jackass.
Don't worry, it is part of my routine.
I don't work for nobody.
I have to find the perfect place.
Cynicism is just a mean way to tell the truth.
This is a biblical text.
I have to go to my cousin's baptism.
Mussolini was leader of the fascist dictatorship.
This is the decisive duel.
Camels can travel over hundreds of kilometers during several days without drinking a drop of water.
Words hurt more than fists.
The Pope visited Brazil.
Money can't buy happiness. However, it's more comfortable to cry in a Maserati than on a bike.
I'm living a mystical experience.
Never take advantage of someone's patience, because sooner or later he'll grow tired.
God bless Germans!
Where can I find him?
Indifference is a double-edged weapon.
The skirt is green.
One of the greatest secrets of happiness is moderating your wishes and loving what you already have.
My idleness will become my doom.
These two concepts are intimately related.
Rodrigo's family went to the dog pound to adopt a dog.
Abandoned dogs usually end up in dog pounds.
I'm not speaking to her.
We are fed up of always seeing the same people taking all the credit!
There are people who just want to interrupt and waste your time.
As Yolanda entered the conference dressed as a clown, everyone fixed their gaze on her.
Intensive courses are always the most exhausting.
Daniel came to his birthday party dressed as a clown.
After many years trying to get the man of her dreams, Barbara decided to give up all hope and to accept marrying Lucian.
Every afternoon, the woman went to church to pray.
The horse, feeling it was finally free, began trotting west.
He has two sisters.
If my parents discover that you came over, they might do something crazy.
She listened to me.
You're doing it on purpose!
There is no shame in admitting one's faults.
Roger Vercel, whose true name is Roger Crétin, is a French writer.
He had not the least shame in telling his story.
She kissed him without shame, on the mouth.
This student put all others to shame by his industriousness.
All the children burst out laughing.
Some sentences don't make sense. So what?
Several sentences make no sense. So what?
If they hope to make us yield by hitting us, they're wrong. Shame on the timid who are afraid! But more shame on the cowards who profit from our misery.
Make him feel ashamed of his laziness.
Then, this child of fourteen years learned, as in a homework, that which we hide to maidens until their wedding night. She flipped through the drawings of the anatomy book, those superb drawings of a bloody reality. She paused upon each organ, understanding the most secret of them, those upon which is built the shame of men and women.
Every man is a potential corpse.
Every man is potentially a corpse.
She asked the clerk at the hotel reception to dial the number for her.
He who loves Mary would love Mary.
I'm lucky to have sincere friends.
I'm ashamed of what I have to say, miss, said Leuwen, but my duty as a gentleman forces me to speak.
I'm ashamed of what I have to say, my lady, said Leuwen, but my duty as a gentleman forces me to say it.
Would you like to have lots of money?
Ladies and gentlemen, please be welcomed.
I want to see the video!
Show me the tape.
"It's shameful! We should drown them like bitches, with a stone around their neck."
I like when he speaks to me, regardless of what he tries to say; I like the simple fact that he wants to talk to me about something.
And I did not shoot. I couldn't... At the last moment, it's shameful to say... I didn't have the courage to shoot.
Most children feel ashamed in front of people they don't know.
I did what I had to do, and if I had to do it again, I would...
I did what I had to do, and if I had to do it again, I would do it again...
Pardon me, madam, I'm ashamed to be crying like this in front of you, but I can't hold my tears.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself for having lost your temper like that?
You're nothing more than a social parasite!
There is no simple solution for this problem.
Did you lend any money to my brother?
Did you understand what he had in mind?
Did you understand what he wanted to say?
Don't treat me the same way you would treat a child.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
Both of the brothers are still living.
There were three people waiting in front me.
He's studying history at college.
He's studying history in college.
I don't know what he'll do.
We finally reached the top of the mountain.
Can you identify the man using this picture?
This shirt needs to be washed.
These clothes are dirty and need to be washed.
The plane was late because of bad weather.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
I'd rather die than surrender.
The Japanese word "tatoeba" means "for example."
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
Those prisoners were set free yesterday.
I can't even afford to buy a used car.
Don't treat me as if I were a child.
I'm not one hundred percent convinced that's true.
I'm a student in a university.
Do you recognize him?
And desire follows me at my heels and bites me, for I love you, o Lady Death.
I wonder what is the point of asking such questions to the students?
I'll take it as a spare.
Where can you play table football?
When there were fruit juices, iced mineral water and hot teas to choose from, I was even more happy .
You're retarded, or something?!
It's never too late.
Rob told me the good news!
Don't get drunk and, please, stop using those fuckin' bangers or my very bad and angry cat will scratch you all!
That woman dreams about me.
Anybody could slip up like that.
Someone is definitely watching out for me and I feel very blessed!
I have a feeling this will be an even better year!
With the wig on, he looked like a woman.
I'm gonna make my first mischief.
I'm going to give you two hints.
I am melting!
My mother has it in for me.
I will not be sad to see you go.
So our wedding wasn't good?
I don't think I'll have the funds by then.
Where did you have in mind?
I'm hoping to go to Nanaimo sometime next year and not just for work.
My younger brother can run about as fast as I can.
The raven is as black as coal.
My brother-in-law is a policeman.
My brother-in-law is a cop.
During the morning I feel very lazy, I don't want to do anything.
My cousin received the call of God and became a priest.
While entering the prison the new guy suffered a heart attack.
I asked my boss a salary advance.
Bring the keys to your brother.
Keep hold of him while your wife calls the police.
"Thoughtfulness" is a long word in English.
That was always so.
She asked me what I expected.
I won a camera in the lottery.
The boat is heading toward the harbor.
Perfection isn't good enough.
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.
Be happy!
She sat down to read a novel.
One cannot study in such noise.
It's impossible to study in such noise.
Let's try to have a nice day.
Do you want me to help you?
That is the cutest thing I have ever seen.
We have waited for you the whole day.
We need to chat soon.
I would love to hear about how your wedding planning is going!
I don't want an angel.
We all want something.
Tom is always watching TV.
Tom told Mary that she was being childish.
I'm also dating someone from the office.
Men are children their whole life.
They will probably handle this well.
Not everyone is dishonest.
She scratched her itch through the scalp to the brain.
My cat looks sad.
Seeing a human face in a cloud is an example of pareidolia.
I've seen that movie many times, but I'd like to see it again.
True, she knows a lot about cooking, but she's not a good cook.
My friend lives in this house.
I was the last one to start in the race, but I soon caught up with the others.
The sweatsuit doesn't fit me anymore.
The food wasn't very delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
We thought some students would come, but there was nobody the classroom.
We had hoped some students would come, but there was no one in the classroom.
Due to excitement, I became tongue-tied.
That job wasn't very interesting. However, the pay was good.
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I wish I could, but I have some place I have to go."
Historians, for his part said Chateaubriand, do not they lie a little more than the poets?
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I don't quite know how to say what I want to say.
I got fired from the company, but since I have a little money saved up, for the time being, I won't have trouble with living expenses.
Laura decided to come out.
I know you're upset about your car being totaled, but you weren't injured and you should be thankful to be alive.
Money can't buy everything.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school, but she feels their relationship has stagnated, so she's become dissatisfied.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school, but she feels their relationship is in a rut, so she's become discontented.
They are still looking for the child.
I consider my driving skills to be above average.
She is far away, but I still love her.
The party was totally awful.
Peugeot, Renault and Citroen are French car manufacturers.
How do I type the At sign for an email?
His respect for him, with the passage of time, became love.
I followed my lessons diligently.
Many things happened on the same day.
That's right. In Japanese, "uetoresu" corresponds both to the English "waitress" and "weightless". However, "waitress" is the more common meaning.
Ain't no pot so crooked, you can't find a lid to fit.
Shall we eat dinner out today?
Apologizing is a great virtue.
Love begins to emerge between the two.
There are few painters like Picasso.
The Nissan Leaf is powered only by electricity.
Electric cars don't function as well in cold weather.
That's an old tale.
I haven't drawn for years.
I spoke to my parents.
I'll come back by the morning.
Everyone made it to the party.
Listen to the teachers.
Obey your teachers.
The TV didn't announce anything.
The newspapers didn't publish anything.
He's against the facts.
Do you believe Judas betrayed Jesus Christ?
Who did you kill?
We have already forgiven you.
I have forgiven her already.
I left my umbrella here, but now I can't find it.
Try the cake.
She cried out of homesickness.
Paulo, they spoke ill of you in school.
I'm coming from grandpa now, and going to my uncle.
Nothing disturbs her.
It seems like I'm going to have a hard day.
I don't want anything.
I am nothing.
Oh God, oh God, what do I do?
Everyone was surprised when I went into the room.
There was nobody in there.
The former President's death was announced.
They were unfair with him.
Civil engineers are needed.
Who wants to be a millionaire?
Some birds can break the sound barrier.
Pardon me, how do I get to Downing Street from here?
Yonge street is a famous street in Toronto.
The poor man really has a stake in the country. The rich man hasn’t; he can go away to New Guinea in a yacht.
The poor have sometimes objected to being governed badly; the rich have always objected to being governed at all.
Italy is the only country that regards war as a soccer game, and a soccer game as it is a war.
Who are you? I guess you're not from here.
Are your friends Portuguese or Brazilian?
I didn't know Guillermo and Tamara were brothers.
Laura, are you a teacher?
You are his brother, right?
Helena is a secretary, right?
Is there anybody in there?
He who is born in Japan is Japanese.
He who is born in Sweden is Swedish.
He who is born in Brazil is Brazilian.
Whether the medicine will work or not is uncertain.
He fell into critical condition.
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.
Hm, do you really want to know it?
He won't forgive me so easily.
Did you see grandpa's wheelchair?
I'll come back, I promise.
I'm sorry for having deceived you.
Are you thinking the same I am?
She dates any guy, poor or rich.
Let's get out of here before the police come.
I'll tell you the truth, I lied to you.
I feel so pretty.
I never concealed anything from you.
You never appreciated the things I do for you.
I love her perfume.
He committed his worst crime on me.
You do everything I tell you not to.
I deal with that.
"What are you laughing at?" "Your face."
He is an FBI agent.
I don't have a beach house.
Mr. Roberto? You're under arrest.
Everyone says I was very brave, but I just did my work.
My friend was shot.
I did it because I had no choice.
Hey pal. I just want to help you.
Everyone has secrets.
Are you telling me you are not my father?
I had never seen such a shiny star.
I can't help you if I don't know where you are.
You punch like a girl.
Nobody messes with him.
It's very hot, these clothes are going to kill you!
I think you're going to need that for a day.
He shot him in the knee.
Out of my way or I shoot you.
The dog is rolling over on the ground.
I liked a lot the article I read.
I'm going to make a little fruit salad for everyone.
They just had a very serious conversation.
Give me your hand. I'll explain you later.
We're all very proud of you.
I hadn't realized it was him.
Head or tail?
Take your seat.
I'm sorry, but your names aren't on the list.
It won't be easy to be admitted to the PhD.
I don't know how I did it. The important thing is that I did it.
I totally agree with his definition of friendship.
I want an English muffin.
Let's have scones with our tea.
I understand, but that's the way things are. You have to accept it.
You messed with the wrong guy!
Who bought you this dress?
This squid is five quids.
Tom asked Mary to quit smoking.
Green stands for hope.
In the beginning, Catalina had no more than two thousand soldiers.
Don't believe people who knows everything.
I like Alex Marcelo.
"Don't lie" doesn't necessarily means "tell the truth".
Tom asked Mary to sing louder.
Bad answers show the way to the right ones.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him here.
Don't worry, you have me.
My parents are going to kill me!
You have to play my games.
Medicines must have a bitter taste, or else they won't help.
To speak the same language doesn't mean having the same opinion.
It's your fault that I just lost my job.
I just wrecked my car in a traffic accident.
I hope he leaves in a few hours.
We can begin tonight.
Come on, do it for me, you're not going to die for meeting my parents.
He drives a pink Cadillac.
Don't come to pick me up. There's no need to.
When we were on the way to pick up Monica, we saw something frightening.
I went to pick you up, but you were already gone.
I'm going for oranges to the fruit store.
It's the Union Jack!
What a pair of morons!
That's bollocks!
This country's roads are the most dangerous in the world.
There was an accident on the side of the road.
Bookmark this site.
I took my revenge.
I like you very much!
She presented me to her brother.
He presented me to his brother.
What happened to the Jag?
He got the section chief's daughter pregnant and was demoted.
Then, what do you need the money for?
It's so sloooooooooow.
You were always there and I never knew.
The square of nine is eighty-one.
Send this box to this address, please.
Put the old newspapers in a box and immediately put them away.
They dug up a box containing human remains.
You have no right to open this box.
Don't open the box. There could be a bomb inside.
The ship is unloading the boxes.
This box is square, not rectangular.
The label is stuck on the box.
The box's label said: "made in China".
The box is from Chile, according to the label.
The box contains 20 units.
The box has not many presents.
These boxes have plenty space on the interior.
The mysteries will be unveiled when the box is finally opened.
Round boxes? Are you nuts?
I keep all my telephone receipts in this box.
The new telescope was shipped in a huge wooden box.
The box is too heavy to load.
These boxes are fragile.
The cardboard boxes are fragile.
Put away the dress in the box after the wedding.
The rockets cost twenty reais a box.
My sister works in the cash desk.
The money got stained after the cash dispenser was forced.
Place the boxes one above the other, please.
Never did I see such powerful speakers.
Are your speakers Philips or Samsung?
I bought a set of brand new speakers.
I need new speakers for my PC.
I paid R$2600.00 for these speakers.
Modern music boxes accept even USB flash drives now.
I gave her a tiny musical box.
Argentinian grapes for five reals a box!
We haven't any lid for a box that big.
I found out a huge sealed box when I opened my house's door.
Seal the box with glue, and not with tape.
The police found boxes that contained marijuana and other drugs inside the trunk of the car.
The label warns that the contents of the box are fragile.
Do you really have free tickets for the concert?
I'll give grandma a shirt for Christmas.
Marco and Laura met each other in a day trip to the mountain.
Cardboard boxes rip easily.
The box is broken.
We didn't know the box had holes in it. We lost half of the load along the way.
If the box had holes in it, try to mend it with tape or anything.
Laura is watching television news.
Listen to the album again and tell me later if you like it.
I haven't found my little box of happiness yet.
I'm teaching my cat to relieve itself in the sandbox.
I bought two milk boxes. We're going to make a cake.
Take this to your toys box.
Put the pliers in the tool box.
The boys are still playing in the sandbox.
The TV is off but it is still warm.
Plastic boxes last longer.
The box has holes in it.
The boxes are rectangular, not square.
Make sure all the boxes are well sealed before they're delivered.
Many boxes are produced out of aluminium.
The boxes produced here are made of a very consistent material.
They say metal boxes are great heat conductors.
You need a key to open the box.
Someone's coming, close the box and conceal it!
Don't sit on that box! You'll break it!
I'm not in favor of this plan.
She asked me: "Who arrived first?"
She didn't send me any letter.
I had already told you that Marco is a liar.
I had already told you that Marco lies more than he speaks.
It was the most boring trip of my entire life.
Lead is a metal.
You can spend the night with us.
If I had a dog, I'd call it Tom.
Paris is a rather expensive city.
The characters created by Walt Disney are known by kids from all the world.
I happened to find a bicycle discarded at the roadside.
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
I learn the language by myself.
Is there a vegan dish on your menu?
It won't work.
Please unlink sentence 123456.
I don't eat pork, beef or eggs.
As long as there's no meat, anything is fine.
Why don't you give me a few suggestions?
But, I don't eat even a little bit of meat.
Hello, I'm so hungry!
The word of the year 2011 in Denmark is "Arab spring". Other proposed words were "fat tax", "broken promises" and "road rage".
Tips are not accepted.
How much do you leave for a tip to a taxi driver in New York?
He can't do that.
He can't do it.
He isn't able to do it.
He isn't able to do that.
He's unable to do that.
She was born in Switzerland.
She is old.
Nothing is more important than empathy.
I have revenge for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
On the arrow that hits him, the bird sees his own feathers.
These mushrooms have a revulsive effect. If you drink alcohol after having eaten them, you will feel very sick.
I think it will be sunny tomorrow.
Who ate up the cake?
I warned him he was wearing my slippers.
He knows I'll call you.
She knows that I'll call you.
My mum was so tired that she went to bed early.
At night, we see more stars here than in Tokyo.
He was a true dinosaur!
We all know you go to the cinema to watch "Twilight" because of its "brilliant script" and not because of its actors.
I truly regret that.
It will cost how much it costs.
Let's say I'm talking about you.
A man standing on the cliff was about to commit suicide by jumping into the void.
She is aware of her beauty.
Is he coming by train or by bus?
In my language, the "," is called comma, the ";" is called semicolon, ":" is called colon, "..." are called ellipsis, and this sentence ends with a period.
A bento is a small meal made of boiled rice and seaweed, that is sold in cheap wooden boxes.
Do you know his number by heart?
Do you know his number?
She let slip that she had found out about her brother's embarrassing little secret.
Everyone in town knows his name.
They're barely paid minimum wage.
That's just a waste of taxpayer money.
Gontran often played with Olga in the streets of Nîmes.
Achille was born in Paris in 1908.
The king had clearly overstepped his constitutional role.
Odette was born in Nantes in 1905.
Let's not speak ill of the people from the countryside. Without them, we couldn't live in Paris.
Sophie was a glutton.
When a woman's angry, you only need four little kisses to make her happy.
When a woman's angry, four little kisses are all you need to comfort her.
A book which, more than all others in the world, should be forbidden, is a catalog of the forbidden books.
There is nothing in the world that doesn't teach us a good lesson.
We mustn't joke around with love.
He was prejudiced against women drivers.
The witch cast a spell on the naughty boy.
When I looked at her, she smiled at me.
Buying a house has stopped being a good investment.
A leak has been found at Tokyo Electricity's Fukishima reactor number 1, and 150 liters of waters have escaped into the sea.
When they finally found him, it was too late.
How was that storm last night?
Let me fix the car.
Some say that he was a musician in his youth.
May I eat this apple?
School's out for summer.
It's the first time I've heard that.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she didn't know the area well.
Will you ever tell me your age?
That's very romantic!
It's quite cold this morning. Look, my breath comes out white.
That guy doesn't know the meaning of the word harmony.
My hand is so numb with cold that I can't move my fingers.
I wish that you had brought a heating pack. It's a necessary article in winter.
I wish that you had brought a kairo. It's a necessary article in winter.
My brother got cheeky.
Give me a hint.
This is a harp.
There's only one way to find out.
I haven't gotten around to doing it yet.
My brother became cheeky.
He's a blue blood.
Thank you for your letter!
I'll go meet her soon.
I'll go meet them soon.
Corporal punishment is now prohibited in schools.
All we do is study.
My girlfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
My boyfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
My significant other works at a language school and loves it very much.
My SO works at a language school and loves it very much.
I'm going in first.
It's incredibly easy to cheat the system.
I got a perfect score on the math section.
Where are you getting the money from?
Books are children of the brain.
My grandmother really likes watching TV a lot.
My grandmother loves watching TV.
When death approaches, all you can do is slowly chew your fingernails.
All of us try to be what none of us couldn't be except when some of us were what the rest of us desired.
An application of a qualifier precludes non-partaking instances from the compound meaning of a term.
We stayed at the most expensive hotel in town.
I find that hard to believe.
Lithuania enters the European Union.
Lithuania is joining the European Union.
Give me a tip.
He has a very interesting book.
All my efforts are nothing compared to yours.
The Cold War may have ended, but the fear of war has not yet been removed from the minds of men.
Not only is sex a safe activity but it is also recommended against depression, and contrary to other physical activities, food or even video games, you can't have too much of it.
This unfettered power goes against the democracy.
Rivers were the ancient form of sewage disposal.
Books are the offspring of one's mind.
Honeycomb design may improve thin-film solar cells.
Peaking of price difference is huge.
Shale rock is a sedimentary rock made up of clay, compacted together by pressure.
I think Frankfurters have much more taste than Viennese.
This can be a spinous question.
There are no stupid questions, only stupid answers.
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange fluid in the bottle.
He speaks Esperanto with a slight French accent.
He rolled over in his sleep.
He turned over in bed.
It's gradually getting colder.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I'll go, too.
Resentment is like drinking a poison and waiting for the other person to die.
I can't open it!
I cannot open it!
They'll probably be able to cope with the difficulties.
I miss it.
Read this story!
Your airplane is ready.
Can you break a 1,000 yen bill?
What is 6 subtracted from 10?
What do people eat in Egypt?
Shouldn't we be going soon?
Which one do you think she chose?
Which do you think she chose?
Are you serious about what you're saying?
May I ask you for your name and address?
"What should I do?" I said to myself.
Do you want this octopus to have fewer legs?
Do you understand what he's saying?
I didn't say with me.
Very beautiful. Thank you very much!
During the evening I've been sad as I've eaten anchovy. In the morning the doctor cheered me up; why did I have to be sad? After all, it was I who ate the anchovy, and not the anchovy that ate me.
This sentence can be interpreted in two ways.
The absent saint gets no candle.
I would like to give you a bicycle as a present for your birthday.
Are we driving around in circles?
Some changes are needed.
He died from acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Apparently some people need my blood more than I do.
Your theory has no scientific basis.
You are making a big fuss.
In this sign you will conquer.
This should becalm you.
Moreover, I am of the opinion that Carthage must be destroyed.
She was thrown back onto her own resources.
Books are the offspring of someone's mind.
Books are the offspring of someone's brains.
Will Apple lose its mojo now that its visionary founder is dead?
He always turns to drink to get away from his troubles.
We see with our eyes, we hear with our ears, we touch with our skin, we smell with our nose, and we taste with our tongue.
It´s all very well in theory, but will it work in practice?
With the eyes, we see; with the ears, we hear; with the skin, we touch; with the nose, we smell; and with the tongue, we taste.
"In" is a preposition.
Today I woke up early.
Having heard his love confession, the girl blushed.
Buy me a turtle, Mom, please buy me a turtle!
I met my teacher on the way to the railway station.
The word "esperanto" means "one who hopes". It was the pseudonym of the creator of the international language.
The letters "sch" in German words and "sh" in English are written "ŝ" in Esperanto. That saves space and ink.
There are few volunteers here at the headquarters.
The first native speaker of Esperanto was born in 1904; today there are several thousand Esperanto native speakers.
Esperanto changes the problem, because one can learn Esperanto as well as his mother tongue -- and perhaps even better than it.
Men are mortal because of their fears, and immortal because of their hopes.
She tried in vain to conceal her fear.
I never fail to take a bath every day.
I'll give my son a computer by the end of the month.
This soup tastes like fish.
I do a lot in parallel, therefore I do not only read Akutagawa. At the moment, I am reading more and more in English. I am also reading a bit in German every day.
We had a party outside.
Our apple tree is blooming.
That girl looks like a boy.
I do many things at the same time, so not only am I reading things by Akutagawa, I've also increased the amount of time I spend reading in English and I also read a little in German every day.
I moved closer, so I could hear better.
Not for eating do we live, but for living, we eat.
Which of your parents do you think you look like?
Please note, a road interchange ahead.
How sad is this face.
He's so cute.
He didn't notice the interchange ahead of him.
Just be careful of the stairs.
Don't throw out the baby with the bath water.
I wish I could afford to rent it!
You shouldn't throw out the baby with the bath water.
It's an awesome house.
I'm sure you'll find someone pretty quickly.
Please slow down when getting close to the intersection.
I'm uploading pictures from New Year's Eve.
Wade lifts heavier weights than that.
Steroids sound like an easier solution.
I think about you every time I brush my teeth.
I hope to see you this Friday.
She took her dog to the park before breakfast.
The waiter was downstairs.
People used to think the sun revolved around the earth.
As soon as he opened the door, he smelled something burning.
What's that building behind the hospital?
Why are you always late for school?
Why is it that you're always late for school?
Look after the place while we're out, OK?
Do you hear someone moving around in the next room?
It stuck in his craw that he was forced to step down from his position after 40 years.
The doctor advised him to work less.
Let's add ambiguous sentences more often.
Please, we need your help!
We don't help racists to promote their delirium caused by ignorance and stupidity.
I am who I am.
This segment is brought to you by the Ford Motor Company.
How'd you get that shiner?
Don't underestimate him. Believe me, he'll make good on his threat.
Time is the thing that keeps everything from happening at once.
Why is it that guys who sleep around are studs and girls who sleep around are sluts?
If you walk your dog, scoop the poop.
I hate him with every fiber of my being.
Suddenly I heard a commotion in the alley and went to see what was going on.
You seem distracted today.
His book is riddled with shoddy research.
The dog bared its fangs and growled as I approached the gate.
The old farmer takes potshots at people who stray too close to his property.
He's an aristocrat.
It's very hot during the summer.
Franco has blue jeans.
Politics are the life.
Get on the cat.
Stamina is the capacity to carry on a physical or mental activity for an extensive period of time without getting tired. You can increase your stamina by training, by maintaining a healthy lifestyle and by consuming a healthy and balanced diet.
This explains everything!
Sometimes, it's difficult to choose.
The end of the world is very close!
The end of the world is very near!
Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired.
We are the cream of the crop!
That cormorant lost the ability to fly.
I have come to kill you.
I don't have time to sleep.
Let's choose a name for the child.
Let's pick a name for the child.
You cannot at all imagine how much suffer you caused her.
The cabinet asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
The government asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
Falling on ice hurts.
This film was surprisingly interesting.
Let the cobbler stick to his last.
I'd like to change the way my room looks.
How soon will you be able to finish that job?
When will you be able to finish that job?
What's 5,814 rounded to the nearest thousand?
Did you listen to the broadcast of the National Diet's debate?
I'm wondering how long $100 will last me.
How long will one hundred dollars last me?
What made you decide to come here now?
"What should I do next?" she said to herself.
There's a bird singing in the cage, isn't there?
There are birds singing in the cage, aren't there?
Won't you eat lunch with me?
Won't you eat lunch with us?
Would you like to eat lunch together?
Do you agree with Mr. Burns or do you agree with Mr. Roland?
Who do you agree with, Mr. Burns or Mr. Roland?
Do you know who wrote this book?
Do you have any questions about the food?
Would you please tell me what I should do next?
Do you have enough money for the trip?
What should we do during our next vacation?
What do you want to do for our next holiday?
Would you please tell me how to spell that word?
Do you remember that baffling murder case?
Would you please send this letter by airmail?
Are there any good movies being shown this week?
Have you studied cooking or something?
Would you like to go on a trip with me?
Chessboxing is a sport for real men.
He's a weird guy.
A sensible person wouldn't speak to you like that.
Very young children don't know many words.
He's a strange guy.
This beer isn't cold.
When you have a question, ask the teacher.
Behave yourself while I'm gone.
If you have time, why don't you drop by his gallery?
You should drop by his gallery if you have time.
Brush your teeth after eating.
By the time you get back, I'll be gone.
Call me if you need my assistance.
Call me if you need my help.
Call me if you need assistance.
Call me if you need help.
To get a prescription, go to a doctor.
I'm busy, otherwise I'd accept your invitation.
I'm busy. If that weren't the case, I'd accept your invitation.
Anything worth doing is worth doing well.
I'm glad I was able to help you last week.
I'm not as fond of music as you are.
I don't like music as much as you do.
I'm not the same person I was when you first met me.
Would you please repeat what you said? I didn't quite catch your name.
I beg your pardon. I didn't quite catch your name.
I don't think I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I can't thank you enough for all your kindness.
I don't remember ever wanting to become a fireman or a baseball player when I was young.
Since I haven't received an answer, I was wondering if maybe my mail never got delivered to you.
I heard that you became the manager of the Sydney branch.
Please send this package right away.
I'd like you to send this package for me right away.
I'll take care of your kitten while you're gone.
I'd be very glad if you came.
In the meantime, the majority of the Germans demand Wulff's resignation.
I'd be happy if you'd come.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm away.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm out.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm gone.
In the meantime, the majority of the Germans demand that Wulff resign.
A "shiitake" is a kind of mushroom.
A "shiitake" is a type of mushroom.
It's about time you went to the barber's.
It's about time you got a haircut.
Deceiving your colleagues isn't good.
You shouldn't deceive your colleagues.
It's strange that you don't know anything about that matter.
Thank you for doing the cooking while I was sick in bed.
Thank you for preparing meals for me while I was sick in bed.
It'd be better if you didn't see my grandpa today.
You shouldn't visit my grandfather today.
English is the language of the world.
It's written in pencil, so you can erase it.
Thank you for seeing me off.
Observe your cat carefully. If you do so, you'll get to know your cat well.
You shouldn't allow your son to act like a selfish brat.
You shouldn't allow your son to always have his own way.
My girlfriend is very jealous.
You're just another notch in my bedpost.
Her only desire is to see him again soon.
That isn't enough.
That doesn't suffice.
I work during the night.
She has a ravenous craving for chocolate.
The space bar is an alphanumerical keyboard's key.
Afterwards, he will be an archeologist. This is also the sole profession, in which even after you have already touched the bottom, you still continue digging...
We used to have airplanes, but we had to sell them.
This stool is made up of leather and wood.
He is from home.
It's magic.
Mind over matter.
I like a lot the sound and rhythm of your translation.
This world's salvation lies only in the heart of the human being, in its ability to reflect, in humility and responsibility.
These are old photos.
I'm calling you.
No one will stop me.
My best friend is called Dominga.
I have an electric guitar.
How did you spend Christmas?
Do psychiatrists need psychiatrists?
Jesus takes checks.
I can't remember anything from last night.
After years of failed experiments, I can say I've finally discovered the only and absolutely flawless, instant cure for hiccups!
It's too hot and I'm very tired.
Disgusting!
I don't want to spend my vacations locked inside my house.
We deserve these politicians.
I have coulrophobia.
She made me laugh a lot.
We were better when it was worse.
According to you, who will make it to the final?
The eyes say more than thousand words.
I'll go crying to bed.
I don't feel like doing anything, and I'm not getting up to turn on the fan.
Anyone who would do such a stupid thing must be a perfect fool.
Nobody believes in him.
That's the only thing we could be certain of!
Where can you buy books?
What is the best concert you've ever been to?
Right now my father is not at home.
She is busy right now and she can't speak with you.
Sharing joy multiplies it.
Shared joy multiplies itself.
How can you become happy? By making others happy.
You look content.
You seem content.
Why does this slice exist?
I'm wont to take a shower in the morning.
I felt like a shudder was sent through me.
When you were a child you feared the gloom.
Can you see that flickering light?
He's homeward bound.
Something she told me makes me worry that I'm in big trouble.
What is the feeling of being an only child?
How does it feel to be an only child?
Don't call her now.
Don't call him now.
They win hands down!
We were left without gas when we were on our way.
My battery is flat.
Keep the estate, but revamp the house!
My battery is dead.
She began to prettify herself.
He turned 16 years old.
He turned 16.
She turned 16.
She brought him up in the Jewish faith.
She turned 16 years old.
I arrived safe and sound this morning.
Do you mind cutting up the steak?
We are involved in a legal wrangle over payments.
The region boasts the most beautiful ladies of the country.
I was left without a battery.
I don't have a battery anymore.
The girl is happily reading.
The girl is reading happily.
That's why we are here.
Did you already eat at home?
Did you already have a meal or not?
It's a pity no one here studies Belarusian.
You are the last person whom I expected to meet here.
You deserve a present.
He lives in the yellow house.
The violence by religious and nationalist ideals of a nation against another led to the creation of a new term to describe the cold desire for total extinction of a group of people, based on criteria of color, ethnicity, or religion.
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the wars.
Armenians and Jews sum up to more than 7 million deaths simply because they are different.
Today, grandchildren and great-grandchildren of genocide struggle for recognition of the massacres, seeking justice for past crimes on behalf of family members who were brutally murdered.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
Yet education is the only factor that can inhibit prejudice, be it between ethnicity or gender.
Education should be rigid when explaining to young children that differences exist and have to be respected — therefore the importance of a secular and impartial state.
The government can carry out exterminations, such as the so-called Holocaust, which included Jews, homosexuals, gypsies and the mentally and physically disabled.
It's up to each one of us to understand that subspecies is a biological concept, lacking in the species Homo sapiens sapiens.
I hope he comes tomorrow.
I have to go to the bank now.
She is someone you can trust.
She made him tidy his room.
Tom will be here in just a moment.
Would you be able to call a doctor for me?
Would you mind calling a doctor for me?
Could you do me a favour and call a doctor?
Last year in the summer I worked part-time on a farm.
Wood can be made into all sorts of things.
If you had a million yen, what would you do with it?
There's no doubt that Sharon is capable.
She blushed when he praised her.
Beauty is a matter of opinion but ugliness is universal.
Thank you for helping me to do my homework.
My cousin has blonde curly hair.
However much I like!
We have gas heating.
They called their son John.
He never listens to what I am trying to say.
His pencil has been sharpened.
I know that he is watching me.
You only have to stand there without doing anything.
It seemed like you were happy.
When will your father arrive?
This affair is rapidly turning into a scandal.
My father always sleeps while watching the TV.
She works all night.
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.
The floor in this area needs to be redone.
I have a feeling that she'll come today.
The ticket is valid for one week.
Help! They're going to hit me!
Help! They're going to stab me!
The life cycle of an amphibian consists of three stages: egg, larva and adult.
We all want prices to come down.
That story cannot possibly be true.
That story can't be true.
This hotel belongs to my brother-in-law.
I was in hospital a few days ago.
As for me, I don't like eggs.
I haven't read this story and neither has my sister.
In France every restaurant has some method by which you don't have to pay, in China it is the opposite.
The ship carried hundreds of immigrants to America.
I am so exhausted!
She is convinced that her son is still alive.
I know! Let me just say that Keiko is my SECOND cousin!
I thought about how much had happened in the last two hours.
That word is very difficult to translate.
He took a real liking to that house.
He may not be able to come.
It seems like she will win a prize.
Stay at home if you are able to!
Without a doubt the rodent best adapted to living in rivers and marshlands is the beaver.
The region boasts the most beautiful women in the country.
She was brought up according to the Jewish religion.
I'm going to work during the spring vacation.
I'm going to study English this afternoon.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I'm going to the theater on the corner.
I'm looking forward to the summer vacation.
As of 2012, Maggi Seasoning is 125 years old.
She picked up the phone.
You are just stating the obvious.
After reading all of his stories, Christopher Columbus became one of my favorite heroes.
Have you discovered anything new today?
I would just like to say one thing.
You know something.
I'm kind of excited, too.
I would love to go.
Tom depends on Mary too much.
He was put up for adoption.
She is basing her research on the results of the survey.
It seems as if he is finally branching out from his specialist subject area.
When I tried to explain my reasons he simply became even angrier.
If in Tatoeba all the languages are equal, why are there more sentences in favor of Esperanto than in favor of the rest of the languages?
She approaches everything with a businesslike attitude.
There were some problems with continuity from the old administration to the new.
Tom stared into the impenetrable blackness of the night sky.
"It's time to start seeding", he said.
She stretched every day in order to become able to do the splits.
The experience soured his outlook on life.
He began skinning the animal.
The cat always scatters my stuff around the room.
I always add a spoonful of honey to my tea.
She had a real talent for smoothing over troubled situations.
If you take the ring road, you'll get there faster.
He successfully smoothed over any problems during the negotiations.
She stirs the soup regularly.
He stirs his tea before drinking it.
Tom felt the stiffness in his joints as he stood up after sitting in the same position for a long time.
She stretched to relieve the stiffness in her back.
She felt him stiffen in surprise when he heard the news.
He spat on the ground in disgust.
They had a spat yesterday.
She tidies her daughter's room every day.
She stacked the trays in the cupboard.
They toured France during their honeymoon.
He moved stiffly after doing too much in the gym the day before.
He seemed to be the sorriest of all who had been involved.
She protested weakly, but ended up joining in with everyone else.
She found confrontations very upsetting.
She always urges him to try new things.
After witnessing the crime Tom suffered from shock.
She wipes the bar after every customer.
The birds are weathering the storm underneath the eaves of the house.
He always waxes lyrical about his wonderful new job.
Mary waxes her legs every month.
His mother knitted him a woolly jumper every year for Christmas.
She sprained both of her wrists in the fall.
He whistles as he walks to work.
Most children grow out of wetting the bed by the age of seven or eight.
Waxing is a painful but necessary part of most women's beauty routine.
Waxing is one method of hair removal.
It is dangerous to generalise about a situation which you do not fully understand.
When applying for a student loan you must report any dependants.
The committee can only act in an advisory capacity.
He often accuses her of never listening to what he says.
He walked onto stage while the audience were applauding.
He was clearly angling for a reduction on his rent.
He gave her an approving nod.
He has ten children.
She is attracting comments from all quarters.
Everything is perfect.
She stretched by arching her back.
There were a pile of binders on the desk.
He bicyled to the beach every weekend.
Her attractiveness is not immediately obvious.
He bowed his head ashamedly.
He interrupted them while they were breakfasting.
He is accustomed to braving the cold.
The dog went bounding across the field.
The winter sunlight was blinding.
He was bowled over by her enthusiasm.
She wore a dress with a boned bodice.
The blades of grass tickled her feet.
He is blameless in this situation.
God blesses those who repent.
He is accustomed to bribing anyone who gets in his way.
Her cardigan was unbuttoned.
She is burying her head in the sand.
She spoke breathlessly when she finally managed to catch up with him.
She enjoys going clubbing with her friends.
There are many complicating factors.
She spent all of her Christmases at home with her family.
He carted her off home a few hours ago.
He spoke despairingly of his son's actions.
Tom always puts a damper on things.
Do you know how to play the piano?
No matter what you do you must always do it to the best of your ability.
The childrens' room is messy.
Is she single or married?
I have five copies but I need double that.
Why do you love me?
He often forgets to keep his promises.
Mammy, you are an exploiter!
I've forgotten your address.
I've never known a girl so affected. She's really unbearable!
It depends on whether or not we are able to get tickets.
How lazy are you really?
The minister elected one of his close friends to a key position.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
My son believes in Santa Claus.
When I was a child, I believed in Father Christmas.
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
Two girls and three boys live in the apartment, each one coming from a different country.
Whoever wants to learn to ride a horse must first learn to mount and unmount correctly.
She cleaned out all of the kitchen cupboards.
She couldn't accept the cruelties of life.
He was disciplined for his wrongdoing.
She's done for.
I've got a funny feeling about that guy.
I'm beginning to lose my patience.
It´s an excellent piece of work. You´ve certainly been polishing your skills, haven´t you!
I don't know if he's a doctor.
You should take a day off.
She readily listened to my request.
She kindly listened to my request.
She graciously listened to my request.
He didn't drink the milk.
He didn't drink that milk.
That's rich, coming from you of all people!
I didn't drink that milk.
He is like a father to me.
When it seemed miniskirts couldn't be any shorter, they found out they could be shortened from above.
I don't care if they're famous.
The mayor is yelling on the phone.
I don't take the proposal! And that's it!
Raul Seixas is a very famous musician among Brazilians.
That island's population lives on fishing.
We live on what we take from the woods.
The radio arrived to this country not long ago.
Kyoto is the most beautiful in the autumn.
A man was found dead between the bushes.
This is a good place for hunting.
Valentine's Day is close, and I still don't know what to give to her.
Don't forget to shut the doors before going out.
My uncle studies English at the university.
You'll end up getting an electric shock if you don't insulate that wire.
Stop pretending and confess the truth.
Christopher Columbus was the spearhead of the biggest invasion and genocide ever seen in the history of humanity.
Columbus Day should be remembered as the "Day of Indian Resistance".
Spanish, Portuguese and other foreign conquerors had massacred South America's Indian inhabitants at an average rate of roughly "one every 10 minutes".
Go to the hardware store and buy a roll of insulating tape.
She had never traveled by subway.
You have no right to answer.
The thief knocked down the jewelry store's door and looted it.
My parrot died yesterday.
The eclipse happened by night on Friday.
You could say the team lost because of their bad services.
I asked her to dance.
You don't need to bring up the matter.
I took my shoes off.
Do not draw hasty conclusions.
I made copies of that book here in the stationary.
There are three things that won't come back in life: the shot arrow, the pronounced word, and the missed chance.
I hate raccoons.
Am I thinking of garbage cans?
Are you in a band?
I have faith in you.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to bed.
I can't live without her.
Maybe it is destiny.
Maybe it's destiny.
Some mean man is trying to buy Charlie.
You make my head hurt.
I have a brother who's the same age as you.
You can't say that it is a good hobby.
I have an older brother who's the same age as you.
I can't find Tom. Has he gone already?
Many young people are out of work in that country.
It will rain tomorrow.
She knows the main capital cities.
You can hear sounds in the distance better on clear days than you can on cloudy days.
Are you able to tell the difference between butter and margarine?
The homework is due next week.
I phoned him.
Which road did you choose?
Mark and Paul are my friends: one is a doctor and the other is a cobbler.
A cobbler is also known as a shoemaker.
History is like a waltz, eternally following the three steps of war, peace and revolution.
That's good to hear!
The picnic was cancelled due to the rain.
The agreement between the two results is just shy of 50%.
I have doubts about his career.
I have doubts about his popularity.
I have doubts about his success.
You can only smoke in the roof garden.
You can only smoke on the terrace.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
We're not gods, but mere men.
He cannot keep a secret to himself.
And who is this guest standing next to the piano?
Can you recommend a good game to me?
I stopped smoking three years ago.
Hand over the map!
Stephen died.
Man is born without teeth, without hair, and without illusions. And he dies the same way: without teeth, without hair, and without illusions.
My mother always gets involved in my private life.
Cities are stimulating, but also stressful places.
Today is a holiday.
I didn't like that.
I don't wish to steal the next speaker's thunder, so I'll finish at this point.
The door is on the latch.
First day of school starts Monday.
This kind of restrictive legislation is bound to hobble the economy.
Please come. I really want to meet you.
Please give me the newspaper when you've finished reading it.
Let me say a few words about our greatest success: until now we have always succeeded in creating problems where there weren't any before.
Please leave a message on my answering machine.
Please fasten your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
Read the kind of books that are useful to you.
Read the kind of books that teach you something.
Read books that are worthwhile.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.
Someone came ten minutes ago.
He doesn't know English.
I really appreciated it.
Quit eating so quickly. You should eat more slowly.
Don't wolf down your food. You should eat more slowly.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat more slowly.
Tom appreciated the gift that Mary gave him.
Tom appreciates it when Mary comes to visit him in the hospital.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.
I appreciate your offer, but I'd like to try to do this on my own.
It's up to you whether you study or not.
Be careful not to fail.
Be careful not to fall.
I don't feel like partying.
Peel the apple before you eat it.
Let's party!
This is the best thing on earth.
We partied all night long.
I don't feel like celebrating.
I just don't feel like going out tonight.
I don't feel like doing anything right now.
I don't feel like dancing.
The basic idea of Esperanto is the humanist concept of creating a joyful world where life is a pleasure. A world in which travelling is a sparkling delight full of discoveries.
The party was in full swing when he left.
I bank on him to solve the matter.
It's a long story.
The new article will be phased in in the market.
Magpies are very intelligent animals.
He pronounced his judgment over such vehement behaviour.
Which Harry Potter book is your favourite?
I get back on the 22.30 (train) to Bologna.
Mary has stopped smoking.
I'm certain that Mum will be angry.
She was too tired to keep on working.
I asked my boss for a pay rise.
Alice has a flower in her hair.
We can build a wall with bricks and mortar.
To be absolutely truthful, you suck at football.
They're handling the issue with levity.
My mother signaled for Alice to follow her.
I'm at loose ends since I finished my homework.
The person she's talking to is Allan.
The dress will get crinkled on the way to the ceremony.
She thinks everything will come to a head next week.
Anna got married without her parents' knowledge.
Even though Bob was in disguise, I recognized him as soon as I saw him.
Bob waved to everyone he saw.
Bob thought deeply about that matter.
It's been three years since Bob started his own business.
Bob was on the point of leaving when I called him.
Bob was just about to leave when I telephoned him.
Later, I sold them and I was able to buy R. Burton's Historical Collections.
Seen from the Moon, Earth resembles a ball.
Carlos turned around.
Being a wiry person, he is thin but still looks strong.
The same sounds OK!
The same sounds well!
I have forgiven him already.
All the boys thought Carol was a boring person.
My brother is a well doer. He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Find the cat.
He's trying to get on his boss's good side.
He's able-bodied, so he's gonna join the army.
We have experienced three wars.
Cathy has a temper.
He retched and then started puking.
If by any chance you run into Celia, give her my regards.
Tom hopes to make a profit this year, albeit a small one.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go on a date with him.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go out with him.
Nuclear power is stymied by the new laws.
The train flipped over.
Chris got a very nice grade on that difficult homework assignment.
Chris got a very good grade on that difficult homework assignment.
He's younger than me.
The rich are different from you and me.
Most accidents happen within 10 miles of your house.
She ripped her dress on a branch.
It's a nice country to visit, but I wouldn't live there.
It's a nice place, but I wouldn't live there.
Anything could happen.
Who are you to second guess him?
Who am I to second guess him?
I took an arrow in the knee.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.
Even though solutions have already been considered in the past, we are only now able to take first measures to make them reality.
What a cool picture!
If you're old and can't see, don't drive!
What happens inside the operating room?
Furry rabbits are so cute.
Bunnies are so cute.
That's the worst thing that could possibly happen.
We're not out of the woods yet.
This sounds about right.
I'll rinse your mouth out with soap!
I'll wash your mouth out with soap!
Minors can't be miners.
My mouth is clean.
War is a racket. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives.
My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of the higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military.
There are only two things we should fight for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights.
I'm on a boat.
The girl shed some tears when her father died.
I spilled water on my keyboard. I must buy a new one.
This broken vase cannot be repaired.
Now my dream is but an extinguished star.
This sentence contains several mistakes.
Nice to meet you. How are you doing?
It's my great pleasure to meet you.
"Many" is "viele", while "mehrere" is less than "viele"; therefore, "many" isn't so well suited.
I keep a rabbit as a pet.
I can't have a child so I bought a rabbit instead.
Some people are fascinated by shiny new things.
"Many" is "viele", while "mehrere" is less than "viele"; therefore, "many" doesn't suit here, but "several".
You're going to make me lose my head!
You're going to drive me crazy!
Lincoln won the elections.
I forgot her completely.
I completely forgot about her.
Nobody knows where he lives.
Last year Tom spent five days in jail, after having pleaded guilty to drunken driving.
Who are you looking for?
I often receive letters from her.
Everybody says he's a nice person.
Time waits and time forgets.
Give me time to think it over.
I got stung by this bee.
The teacher called the students in alphabetical order.
I'd like somewhere to write where I can have peace.
They speak many languages in Spain.
You and I make a good team.
Natalia and Veronica looked at each other with complicity.
This is the house where the famous crimes took place.
The car they bought is imported.
She arrived when we were about to leave.
Now we all agree, let's start the meeting.
Eggs are essential in the production of new human cells.
If the universe is a cosmic egg, who laid it then?
São Paulo is the biggest producer of eggs in the country.
I'm painting an Easter egg.
This is a replica of a dinosaur's egg.
Do you have anything to do tonight?
Brian is mad because Chris obviously doesn't intend to return the money.
She died of thirst during the drought.
I never doubted your words.
It disturbes me that she's always late.
Next week, we're heading to the mountain.
I witnessed the amazing moment when the pigeon broke the egg.
Be careful not to break these eggs.
Marco plays tennis twice a week.
The cat is eating the mouse.
She had to do it even though she didn't want to.
The Earth revolves around the Sun.
Finally, I'm done with this work.
This robot can hold an egg without breaking it.
Hold the eggs tight or you'll break them.
You never listen to our advice.
Beth won't let Chris kiss her because he's very dirty.
Beth won't allow Chris to kiss her because he's awfully dirty.
I forbid you to leave.
We weren't told where he came from.
We must be there at seven, so hurry up.
They charged us more than we expected.
I never asked your advice.
Give me half a kilo of tomatoes.
Yesterday, the man whose daughter works at your company came by.
The horse jumped over the fence.
Because some urgent business came up, he wasn't able to go to the concert.
She revealed her secret.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the history of the world would be different.
He mistook Connie for my sister.
Mr. Curtis, won't you please sit down again?
Who'll take over Cynthia's job when she retires?
My name's Cyril. Pleased to meet you.
My name's Cyril. Nice to meet you.
David has never had a steady job, but he's always managed to make ends meet.
Time goes so quick.
Dick had been dependent on his parents, but now he's independent of them.
Dick created that group.
That group was created by Dick.
Edward inherited his uncle's property.
Edward inherited his uncle's estate.
Edward is younger than Robert.
The name Tom doesn't ring a bell.
I don't think I've ever heard of anyone named Tom.
Mr. Eliot's niece goes to a women's college.
I work as Mr. Eliot's assistant.
They got married on Christmas Eve.
I'll never forget the time we spent together.
Most programmers hate debugging; causing errors is much more fun than debugging them.
Most programmers hate debugging; making errors is much more fun than debugging them.
I admire people who express their opinions frankly.
She speaks frankly.
Benjamin Franklin was an American statesman and inventor.
Did you hear that Fred was dismissed?
Mr. Smith is liked by all the students.
Mr. Smith is liked by all his students.
Every time Uncle George visited our house, he always brought us a gift.
George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States of America.
George is five years older than I am.
George is five years older than me.
Without knowing anything, George began to climb the stairs.
Benjamin Franklin was an American politician and inventor.
George weighs as least 70 kilograms.
It's certain that George will come.
George will come for sure.
I'm not sure if George will like this idea.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said this.
Laura danced gracefully.
Everybody at the party was charmed by her elegance.
I wonder if it would be possible for you to introduce me to Mr. Harrison of PC Interactive Co. Ltd.
At most, Henry has six dollars.
Henry will become an adult this March.
Henry was dismissed because he was old.
At most, Henry has only six dollars.
We chose Henry to be the captain of our team.
Do you like this drawing?
We must follow the rules of the game.
Even though Jack was tired, he was looking well.
Jack was tired, but he looked well.
Donostia is a city in the Basque Country.
This is a problem!
Bilbao is a city in the Basque Country
As soon as Jack saw her, he burst out crying.
Jack is a lot wiser than anybody else.
Jessie is smarter than anyone else.
Jack didn't make any mistakes on the math test.
Jack has no goals for his life.
Jack has no goals in life.
Jack is three years older than me.
Jack is three years older than I am.
We lost sight of Jack in the crowd.
How would the world be without women?
Give me some water and quickly.
Jack and I agreed to take turns working at the office on Saturdays.
He likes singing traditional songs.
Let the devil take him!
A fly is as likely to land on shit as it will on pie.
I remember when Anna told me she fell in love.
Let's build the country with actions and words.
The airplane arrives at 8.
Allan left us.
Maybe I left it on the table.
This old car is always broken.
The sum was written in euro, not in yen.
The dollar exchange rate has increased dramatically.
The dollar's exchange rate has dropped dramatically.
This piece of art was really priceless.
This transaction was carried out in yen, rather than US dollars.
This is really nice!
After winter, spring comes.
Spring is the season for planting trees.
She's two years older than me.
The border between the two neighbouring countries remains closed.
I want to dance.
Health brings a freedom very few realise, until they no longer have it.
I wish I had the courage to express my feelings.
Tom asked for a loan from Mary.
I wish I had the courage to show my feelings.
I wish I had the courage to speak about my feelings.
I believe this is the only thing I can do for you.
Tear a page out of your copybook.
My mother gave me all the love I needed.
I'm sure you're going to like this lunch.
Are you telling me you don't know how to cook hard-boiled eggs?
The engine won't start.
The chicken laid four eggs.
My dog chased a lizard and snapped its tail off.
My dad took my toy out of my hands.
He took it out of my hands.
Her life ebbed away from her through her wounds.
Life escapes from me in every breath.
Didn't you know turtles lay eggs?
I admit that, without him, those ten years of my life would have been empty and without goals.
He gouged his eyes out so he would never see again his homeland he had betrayed.
An alligator snapped his arm off.
As well.
Seriously, stay in touch.
Do tell!
Stay!
Speak out!
I'm reading.
I read.
He hides his head in the sand, like an ostrich.
His father was a mayor, but he didn't want to engage in politics.
Neither am I.
Neither do I.
Pull!
The king, convinced, told the tailors to prepare the outfit, but he also couldn't see this material.
You dead.
Southward.
Are you not saying anything?
See you on Sunday!
Sit down!
No idea.
There's a secret base on the moon.
Every ship needs an anchor.
Every ship needs a captain.
That's big!
That's great!
That's brilliant!
On this, we agree.
Stay here!
And so?
I have nothing.
Will you do it?
Don't bark!
So am I!
Do not fold.
Yes, sometimes.
Where are you going? Should we accompany you?
Not at all!
Faster!
It's not my opinion, but just my translation.
You're nuts!
Go rot in hell!
Oh, It's cheap!
Would you like to play tennis on Sundays?
What a klutz!
What a drag!
Look at me!
Come over here!
What do I see?
I don't like modern jazz.
You can believe him.
I'm still not ready.
He persistently rang my house's doorbell.
The hands of the clock are made of gold.
The European Union is set up with the aim of ending the frequent and bloody wars between neighbours, which culminated in the Second World War.
Why don't you run for president?
You should run for president.
Mr. Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
This is so delicious. It's like sex in my mouth.
"How do you do, James?" "Fine, thanks for asking. Nice to meet you."
If for some reason she came to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
Mr. Smith asked Jane to marry him.
Jane goes to bed early and gets up early.
Jane is doing her homework.
Jane has been acting in movies since she was eleven.
Jane objected to our decision.
Jane opposed our decision.
Jane understands how you think.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for so long.
That's just the way she likes it.
Smoking is not a habit; it's an addiction.
That's just the way he likes it.
Watch carefully how I do it. Did you see it?
Jane always pretended that she was very rich.
Jane always behaved like she was very rich.
The rabbi is on his way.
Magic: The Gathering is a board game.
Jane had no idea when she should go or where she should go.
It took a week for Jane to get over her cold.
Jane has been quiet and grouchy for the past few days.
Jane has been quiet and grumpy for the past few days.
Jane has been quiet and moody for the past few days.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane does.
Tom didn't come and neither did Jane.
Tom didn't come and Jane didn't come either.
Let's move!
Why are we running?
He might retaliate.
He came to the party last night with Jane.
Don't say shit.
I told Jane to calm down.
I'm thinking of going to Disneyland on my next date with Jane.
Jane is likely to come.
Jane is very likely to come.
There's a good chance that Jane will come.
Hay is for horses.
There's an eighty to ninety percent chance that Jane will come.
Jane is more than likely to come.
It's quite likely that Jane will come.
He's likely to come.
He's very likely to come.
There's a good chance that he'll come.
He's more than likely to come.
It's quite likely that he'll come.
It's quite likely that he'll be late.
It's very likely that he'll be late.
He's likely to be late.
He's very likely to be late.
He's more than likely to be late.
There's a good chance that he'll be late.
It's very likely that he'll be chosen.
He's likely to be chosen.
He's only two years older than Jane.
It is vital that you be present.
Since Jenny had studied Japanese, she had no trouble in Japan.
It was a scurrilous attack.
There's no water.
I'm big.
Jill and John will get married next month.
Jimmy often stays up all night.
Jimmy, it's bedtime.
Jimmy, it's time for you to go to bed.
A little more.
I'm dead.
It is unfair.
It's pathetic.
As of 1950, the European Coal and Steel Community begins to unite European countries economically and politically in order to secure lasting peace.
Jiro, who had never cried in front of anyone before, started crying.
There's no way I'm doing that.
And here they are.
Jiro told me which book I should buy.
Chicken!
Except for Taro, Jiro is the tallest.
To be sure.
What a millstone!
The 1950s are characterized through a cold war between east and west.
Did you and Joan have a fight?
Did you say you had a fight with Joan?
It's a deal!
Mr. Joel is now on duty.
We elected Mr. Jordan chairman.
We elected Ms. Jordan chairperson.
Mr. Jordan is the chairman.
Mr. Jordan is the chairperson.
Julia felt like crying after she heard that news.
She felt like crying after hearing that news.
They cried when they heard the news.
It's the lady.
It's the queen.
He is busy.
It's me!
There's a snag.
I answer for it.
He's swaggering.
He is swaggering.
Oh please!
I'm feeling better.
Just round the corner.
The price is going up.
Neither am I!
Neither do I!
We address each other as "vous".
Forgive me.
School will start next Monday.
He is wearing pyjamas.
Time is eternal.
Don't worry about something so silly.
I have finished my work.
We know his name very well.
I think that the train will be here soon.
Do you understand the difference?
Is reprinting this article a possibility?
This bridge is two times the length of that bridge.
When I learned that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow, I was so surprised I almost fainted.
This very interesting test reveals your professional personality.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.
There was bad blood between the two families in "Romeo and Juliet."
I found out that Kate was wealthy.
Kate was absent from the meeting.
Kate didn't attend the meeting.
Kate was surprised when she saw that big dog.
Kate is as charming as her sister.
Kate's father is in the vicinity of the house.
Kate's father is near the house.
Cookie is ten years younger than Kate.
She can't live without him.
Why should the state know my movements on the Internet?
I see how you study.
I see how you are studying.
Your dog has huge paws!
We dance together.
Let me know when you find out what it is.
I wish I could go back in time.
One year ago we were here.
Tell me your version of the events.
It's just what I was thinking about.
It's exactly what I was thinking about.
As the Duke of Zhou said, "It will benefit not to crave for the personal benifit".
Too many young girls are starving themselves to look like the models they see in magazines.
One of the things I love most about Christmas is trimming the tree.
She and I are cousins.
I speak a little German.
I'm thinking about changing my supplier.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
What does this Esperanto sentence mean?
I'll come back later.
There is nothing done.
First of all, I want you to tell me how did you get there.
No, it isn't possible.
Young people don't take care of the old nowadays.
It made me supremely happy.
I want to play foosball.
He couldn't have put it more plainly.
The bedouins were nomads.
My nephew was accustomed to staying up late.
Down with corrupt politicians!
She works a lot.
I'll try, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to come to the movie theater or not.
I want to become a journalist.
Do you see that cloud that almost looks like a camel?
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.
The rain stopped.
It was polite of him to offer his seat to the old man.
I don't know what else to do.
I won't quit, no matter what you say.
The weather is terrible today.
There are no chairs to sit on.
There is no chair to sit on.
As soon as you're finished looking at the "kairanban," please give it to the next person.
As soon as you see the notice, please pass it along.
He doesn't allow Kate to drink wine.
Mr. Hashimoto was confused by Ken's question.
Mr Hashimoto was puzzled by Ken's question.
He was puzzled by the question.
Ken finally accomplished what he set out to do.
This is Ken's dog.
She's been wearing the same hat for a month.
The steering wheels on American cars are on the left side.
We still have an old tube television.
The man holding the umbrella is Ken.
Ken couldn't remember his name.
Ken couldn't remember that guy's name.
Ken couldn't recall that man's name.
Ken asked about his father's condition.
Ken visited his teacher yesterday.
Among the three of them, Ken runs the fastest.
Ken ran up the hill.
Ken ran up the slope.
Ken decided to go abroad.
No matter what I tried, Ken wouldn't do what I told him to do.
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn't listen to me.
There's nothing like going out in style.
I'm cured, anesthetized. I've already forgotten you, I am saying goodbye to your absence, I'm at peace.
Mine is black!
I wanted to rent a bus.
It sounds easier that way.
She drives a Beemer.
She drives a BMW.
My dad used to drive a Beetle.
I am not a student.
Our 2CV broke down.
I bought a VW bus.
German is a synthetic language.
If you find a job you really love, you'll never work again.
The current college works by presidential fiat.
I made a mistake in sending it or something.
We don't have a landline anymore.
I liked your hair before you got straight bangs.
I wanted to hire a coach.
Ditransitive verbs have three arguments.
The only natural satellite of the Earth is the Moon.
We're not there yet.
I'm not really serious about managing this project, but I need to be seen to be making the effort.
Do you do double-entry accounting or traditional governmental accounting?
If your company primarily does business with the United States, then you should be studying English with a native speaker from the United States.
The United States is the greatest country in the world.
Tom rode his motorcycle across the United States.
During clear weather, the coast of Estonia is visible from Helsinki.
I heard that Tom had been smuggling drugs into the United States for years before he got caught.
Fizzy water isn't very popular in the United States.
They say that in the United States anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
What are some foods commonly eaten in the United States?
The United States's economy is the largest in the world.
I'm going to the United States tomorrow.
The United States fancies itself the world's freest nation.
She advised him to talk about his life in the United States.
She went to Europe via the United States.
I would like to go to the United States one day.
What's your favorite small town in the United States?
We have really everything in common with the United States nowadays except, of course, language.
We had to leave for the United States on short notice.
Formal declarations of war haven't been the United States's style since 1942.
If you want to get a visa to go to the United States, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
He went to the United States to study US literature.
There is a library in every city in the United States.
Lastly, she went to the United States.
The United States once favored a policy of isolationism.
His sister does not go to the United States.
Where they burn books, they will in the end also burn people.
The United States was at war in 1864.
The United States' Civil War lasted four years.
Japan's attack had brought the United States into the war.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve the United States relations with Japan.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from the United States.
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
A crisis in France could be bad for the United States.
Washington was the most famous man in the United States.
My impression of the United States is very good.
They felt United States' farmers were poorer than they should be.
He fought in the United States' war against Mexico.
He was head of the United States' Naval War College.
He came from one of the richest families in the United States.
He believed in protecting the United States' wilderness areas.
That uncle of his often visited the United States.
Even though the United States is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
I wasn't aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in the United States.
He said he would go to the United States.
The US government has always regarded England as the United States' house pet.
The United States bleeds credit.
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset the United States traditional two-party system.
Africanized bee colonization caused a panic in the United States in the 90s.
The show Hoarders is one of the primary causes of armchair psychology in the United States.
There is a border between the United States and Mexico.
The legal system in the United States is the world's finest.
In the United States, you are a minor if you are under 18 years old.
The United States is made up of 50 states.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press.
Of course Jon Stewart is the most trusted anchor in the United States now—even our real news is a farce!
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as the United States?
He went to the United States to study medicine.
Corn is the most highly subsidized crop in the United States.
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in the United States.
The Kennedys were the closest thing that the United States has ever had to royalty.
Forty-four US Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often, the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers, and true to our founding documents.
The abolition of slavery in Europe eventually reached the American continent.
Nothing can take a US American by surprise. It has often been said that the word "impossible" was not a French one. People have obviously looked in the wrong dictionary. In the United States, all is easy, all is simple and mechanical difficulties are overcome before they arise.
In the American continent, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
I would like to go to the United States.
The United States is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
The Statue of Liberty is the symbol of the United States.
What language do they speak in the United States?
The United States' consumer slump will hit those around it as well.
Moreover, freedom in the United States is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,200 mosques within our borders.
In Ankara, I made clear that the United States is not – and never will be – at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates the goals of the United States, and our need to work together.
The victims were innocent men, women and children from the United States and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet Al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale.
It is agonizing for the united States to lose our young men and women.
Xiaoming Wang has never been to the United States. He really wants to go next year.
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However in the United States and Europe, it's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
In the United States, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right wing ridiculing soccer every time there's a World Cup.
He has gone to the United States.
In the United States everybody is of the opinion that they have no social superiors, since all men are equal, but they do not admit that they have no social inferiors.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in the United States. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that US creed: Yes, we can.
What is your impression of the United States?
In the United States, people play a different version of mahjong.
The attacks of September 11th, 2001 and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to the United States and Western countries, but also to human rights.
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect; and one based upon the truth that the United States and Islam are not exclusive, and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles – principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
I know, too, that Islam has always been a part of the story of the United States. The first nation to recognize my country was Morocco.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between the United States and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in the United States, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores – that includes nearly seven million US Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average.
If you don't like it, it is alright for you to leave.
There seem to be lots and lots of stars.
Ken's team is likely to win.
My kid is shy around strangers and always hides behind me.
The Logical Language "Lojban" is probably difficult isn't it?
I don't know, she really has a condescending way of talking, don't you think? Sometimes it gets to me.
Is there anything at all that I can do for you?
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that the United States is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
To all those who have wondered if the beacon of the United States still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
It looks like they have a good head.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in the United States — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to the United States.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
I can't find Tom. He hasn't already gone and left, has he?
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, US Americans, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in the United States for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if the beacon of the United States still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
In the United States the word 'rebate' is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
Up till now the United States has called itself the world's police and continues suppression relying on military force.
One fourth of the world's carbon dioxide emissions are from the United States. Its per-capita emissions are also the highest in the world.
The radioactive waste of the United States may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
Can we say "No" to the United States?
He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in the United States for 221 years — block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
But I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
The person in question is now staying in the Unites States.
He was nervous because he was leaving for the United States the next morning.
I'm considering studying in the United States next year.
They will have been in the United States for ten years next year.
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don't blindly follow the lead of the United States!"
In reports in the United States, guerrilla resistance by the Iraq military is called terrorism.
The Department of Homeland Security's primary function is the prevention of terrorist attacks occurring within the United States and, in the extreme case of an attack happening, holding losses to the smallest possible level and swiftly carrying out restoration.
I think I should be able to speak a little TokiPona.
Can you speak Toki Pona?
I recognize that person from somewhere.
It was load off my mind.
It's like bedlam in here.
Will she go to the United States next year?
I never drink.
An arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant.
He made promise after promise and then sought to get out of them.
Should I call Ken back?
The desk Ken uses is old.
The desk that Ken uses is old.
Ken is the taller of the two.
Between the two of them, Ken is taller.
Ken didn't know what to say next.
Ken Takakura wasn't used to his new job.
I wanted to buy the huge stuffed bear at Ken's store, but it was not for sale.
My father made my mother a cup of coffee just the way she likes it.
Nobody believed Kevin because he always makes up stories.
Jeff wore the tie Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jeff wore the tie that Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Kim is two years older than he is.
Kim plans to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim intends to be a diplomat in the future.
He stood over there for a long time.
Kim is four years older than me.
Kim is four years older than I am.
If he makes one more mistake, he'll be fired.
We met in winter.
I like both cats and dogs.
How long have you been in here?
History reminds us that walls can be torn down, but doing so is never easy.
It's time to build new bridges all over the world as strong as those that link us across the Atlantic.
Now is the time to start the work to build world peace without atomic weapons.
Afghans need our support to develop their economy and to help them reconstruct their nation.
No one welcomes war.
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.
My father has gone to the United States.
My father, who is now working in the United States, wrote us a letter last week.
My father often goes to the United States on business.
According to what I heard, he went over to the United States to study biology.
The people of the United States fought for their independence.
It remains to be seen whether or not going to the United States to study is good for me.
She has gone to the United States.
She was born in the United States and grew up in Japan.
What has always united us, what has always encouraged our people, what draws immigrants to America's shores-- is an ideology that talks about aspirations shared by all people: that we should be able to live without fear, that we can to talk to or meet anyone, that we vote and choose a religion as we please.
She left France for the United States.
She went to the United States with a view to study medicine.
She went to the United States for the purpose of studying English literature.
Is she going to go to the United States this year?
She is leaving for the United States tonight.
She was in the United States last month.
She is well known both in Japan and in the United States.
It is surprising that they should have a second house in the United States.
They arrived in the United States a few days ago.
They are going to emigrate to the United States.
They went to the United States last month.
That she grew up in the United States is well-known.
She has many friends in the United States.
She has decided to live in the United States for good.
She made up her mind to go to the United States.
He knows nothing about Lincoln, or for that matter, about the United States.
He went to the United States last year to brush up his English.
He left for the United States by air.
He's coming back from the United States a week from today.
He hasn't actually been to the United States.
Fear infects and corrupts everything it touches.
I really want to see Kumiko.
I really want to meet Kumiko.
He's so tall!
There exists a fine line between helpful and destructive fears. But there is a line. Our job is to find it and walk it.
Lincoln's biography is read by children all around the world.
Lincoln was elected President of the United States in 1860.
Linda was called back from college because of her father's sudden illness.
Linda went to the park to listen to music.
The airport is closed.
There's free beer.
These people should be sterilised.
He was a good king.
I can see a ship on the horizon.
What does she say?
What is she saying?
Take a rest!
Remain seated!
Wake me up.
Get out or come in.
It's a fable.
Linda was so disappointed that she burst into tears.
This is the car that Linda was talking about yesterday.
No girl in my class is prettier than Linda.
None of the girls in my class are prettier than Linda.
What is Daith Piercing?
Lisa, this is Mr. Murata. He's my boss.
Mr. Murata, this is my friend Lisa.
Lucy can't use chopsticks.
Lucy will definitely get married to the pop singer.
Enter your password, please.
We would like to distribute this product in Japan.
Do turtles have teeth?
She dabbled with drugs.
Have you seen the new house that Marilyn lives in?
She's smarter than Mary, but not as beautiful.
She's smarter than Mary, but not as beautiful as Mary.
Mary unexpectedly ran into John on her way home.
I met Mary and John when I was in London.
There are times when Mary sits still for hours and looks at the sea.
Mary sometimes sits still for hours and gazes at the sea.
Mary's smiling face showed that she was happy.
Mary's smiling face let everyone know that she was happy.
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be.
Mary isn't really sick. She's faking it.
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.
Mary isn't really sick. She's just faking it.
Mary looks like her mother, but her personality is different.
Mary resembles her mother in looks, but not in personality.
Mary looks like her mother, but she has a different personality.
Mary is not as tall as he is.
Mary is saving money to go to Japan.
Mary is saving money so she can go to Japan.
I was very impressed by his good behavior.
I heard that Mary was sick all last week, but she looks well now.
Mary is said to have been a great singer when she was young.
They say that Mary was a great singer when she was young.
Are you available?
Cheer me up!
She lives on her own.
Are you certain?
Let's do that!
Are you a typist?
He's got the flu.
He needs it.
He boozes too much.
I forgive you.
Since Mary is a very nice girl, she's loved by everyone.
I'm getting used to it.
I'm taking care of it.
I use this.
I'm disappointed.
Mary lacks common sense.
Mary and I remained good friends for years.
Speaking of Mary, I haven't seen her for a long time.
When Mary was a child, her family was very poor.
I was surprised by the news that Mary had won the first prize.
I'm ordering you not to obey my orders.
Eliza is crying.
I ask you not to fulfill for me any of my requests.
I'm asking you not to fulfill for me any of my requests.
I'm asking you not to fulfill any of my requests.
The artistic beauty of the garden is really breathtaking.
I supported him.
I support him.
He wants to speak.
I'm uncomfortable.
I want to eat.
I'm against it.
I stand against it.
I'm inviting you.
The drink is on me.
The shadow is fading.
Leave this here.
The worm wriggles.
Show them to me.
Show it to me.
Not even me!
Don't you lie!
Do not fuck!
Hold on.
Yes, really!
My lights are on full beam.
My brights are on.
Left outside the freezer, the juice will get warm.
Let's take the bus.
If it stays outside the freezer, the juice is going to get warm.
PS: I love you.
What is it that you got?
Tell me!
Think about it!
Dogs bark.
You're a boor.
So goes life!
That's clever.
I promise!
That's her boyfriend.
It's very low.
Please tell me what happened, off the record of course.
I shall not change my mind, no matter what happens.
The men will be happy no matter what they get back.
Shut the door!
Shut that bloody door!
He learns fast.
He cracked up.
He's polygamous.
See you!
I was going on foot.
I phoned.
Did she say it?
Will you wait for me?
Don't stammer!
Don't stutter!
Don't you say this!
Don't look!
It's not a joke.
We've seen him.
We've seen it.
We've seen her.
Where are they going?
Where are they going to?
He was home alone at the time.
He was only a shadow of his former self.
You're the girl of my dreams.
Who will pay?
Where is Mississippi?
What a rascal!
What would you do?
Are you in Paris?
Will you go?
Will you go there?
Your link isn't working.
You hurt him.
You must deny it.
You are deranged.
I hear voices in my head.
What are you mad about?
We have just gotten to first base.
I found that book interesting.
I'm asking you, who promoted this initiative.
I do what is best for my country.
I'm not ready for that.
I'm not willing to do that.
And how do you imagine that being realized?
Done.
Stop moving!
We don't know where he is.
The Germans all suffer from acute commatitis.
You work in Milan.
I wish I knew her name.
Tom wished that he knew Mary's telephone number.
Tom asked Mary for John's telephone number.
Today, separation and divorce are not as frowned upon.
In the past, separation and divorce were frowned upon by everyone.
Eskimos have ninety different words for snow.
I'm done watering the flowers.
Cigarettes are dummies for adults.
Cigarettes are pacifiers for adults.
Cigarettes are soothers for adults.
She panhandles for money.
Can I bum a smoke?
Can I scrounge a fag?
Would you give me a cigarette?
Could I have a cigarette?
I'm definitely impressed.
"Missiles accused to be extradited" is a headline of today's BBC.
You lie.
The executioner fondled his hatchet and smiled complacently. He felt he was a cut above the rest.
You're lying.
I don't want to buy it if I don't need it.
The 6th of May, 2012 is the nationwide "Day of the Open Stable Door".
Brazil has almost 200 million inhabitants.
He drank beer.
He drank a beer.
Speak of the devil, and he appears.
I'm absolutely livid. Somebody's keyed my car.
Either you or Mary should go.
John and Mary had different opinions about that important matter.
Mr. Jones had Mary go to the dentist.
Mr. Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
He went abroad for the purpose of studying English.
He went abroad to study English.
This is a dress that Mary made by herself.
These are clothes that Mary made by herself.
I saw Bob and Mary while I was waiting for Kate.
I met Bob and Mary while I was waiting for Kate.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
Mary came before I had waited ten minutes.
Yesterday, Mary gave me a book with a blue cover.
It looks like a pigsty in here.
I don't like playing with him. We always do the same things.
I won't go anywhere without you.
Where does all that noise come from?
The teacher sounded like he was my father.
Of course it's her.
Hide yourself before he comes here!
She must be somewhere.
The animal was cloned.
What are you doing in Brazil?
I ask you the same question.
The couple is on the dance floor.
What the hell are you doing here?
I can't talk, I'm on a mission.
I don't like to talk about certain things.
She says there's something under the bed.
Don't forget that I exist.
There's no one in your bedroom.
Everything is going to be alright tomorrow.
Why don't you want me to know?
Seriously? I haven't noticed.
Get out of my way.
"I heard something." "Impossible, there's nobody in the house."
Don't think this is over.
He said there was nobody in here.
Do you want some of this?
I can't argue anymore, this has to stop!
Did you find any interesting information?
In the supermarket, they wouldn't take my credit card.
I drank even the last drop.
If we don't trust each other, we won't be able to live together.
"Where's your cousin?" "He just left."
"I can explain it." "There's no explanation."
Are you sure this is going to work?
This is not what you think!
What an evil plan this is!
You are really annoying.
I'll go to check out the bedroom.
The principal wants to talk to you.
Something's wrong with him.
Man, what the hell are you looking for?
Are you singing to my girlfriend?
Did you like my hairstyle?
An old lady sang to me.
Juan made it to the airport by this morning.
Take your hands off me!
Don't worry, we're on our way.
That weapon is not a toy, boy!
You are good in listening, why don't you shut up?
What the hell are you doing with my gun?
She is not my sister, she's my wife.
Honey, I can explain.
I don't want to listen to you.
The boss said that we are fired.
"Hand over your gun", said the policeman.
I just did it.
"Where's your cousin?" "She's just left."
You've got a license.
You have a bachelor's degree.
Let's set this clock's date.
You're being malicious.
You are rapacious.
You're scaring me.
How about Friday?
I only hear you complain! Perhaps you can't do anything else?
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.
Our site attracts thousands of Internet users every day.
There are no new messages in my inbox.
All employees had to memorize the access code.
Who lives in this house?
Little presents keep a friendship alive.
You must be mad!
You can verify your balance in the bank's site.
I sent an e-card for a friend whose birthday is today.
On weekends, many people work instead of having a rest.
I have far too many programs installed on my computer. Maybe if I uninstall some of them, my computer will run much faster.
The web goes slow when there are far too many people online.
He spends every weekend surfing the Net.
Did you hear President Dilma's speech?
"I need to talk to you. It's urgent." "Tell me, I'm listening."
According to this figure, the reflection angle equals the incidence angle.
I never managed to memorize my ID.
It's time that you have some vacations.
Poor girl. She called me about ten times last night.
I don't remember anymore.
I always carry it in my pocket.
Tatoeba: the only place where the use of different apostrophes is controversial.
They say he's very rich.
I used to live in a village.
All mountains are not green.
I don't feel fine. Where is the nearest medical center?
I'll buy some cheese and bread.
Einstein regarded himself a philosopher.
I wish I could talk to every person in the world.
Drawing the Japanese flag is very easy.
My kitty was rolled over.
I owe everything I know to her.
What can I do if you think that way about me?
I've learned a lot with her over the years.
Did you mean that for serious?
I'm not the thief, you are a witness!
Sometimes I wonder if I did right.
I can't wait anymore.
Spanish opened many doors for him.
What did you give Tom on his birthday?
What do those words in the Arabian flag mean?
Our friendship is greater than our quarrels.
"What are these stains on the floor?" "Blood."
You are the star I contemplate.
"Do you know anything about Bill?" "No, what happened to him?"
Don't tell him that, please!
Don't tell her that, please!
Don't say that to your mother!
If you say that to your mother, she'll kill you!
The Muslims call Jesus "Issa".
"Is that true?" "Yes, who told you about it?"
People like to fight.
You always fight!
Come by my house if you want.
This is the first time you've talked back to me.
He will deny it, so don't pay him attention.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Well I'll be darned!
Well I'll be buggered!
The military police came for him.
That's the last straw.
The police visited Mary yesterday.
Nobody cares about that.
Lisa told me that she has eaten natto.
It's no good.
It's useless.
Forget about it.
You could say this translation is historically accurate.
My mother tongue is Polish.
He smokes twenty cigarettes per day.
Pinocchio had a long nose.
This basis contains many errors.
It's different for everyone.
He is writing a book.
It is hard to recognize you.
Do you have a transparent folder?
Yesterday we went to a cinema.
I am lazy.
What the teacher said made Mary break out into a cold sweat.
The father picks his socks scattered around the room.
The teacher told Mary to shut up.
Thursday, we will go to a swimming pool.
The teacher told Mary to be quiet.
How long is this movie?
In which room would you like to stay?
Gabriel was very talented, but he did not study.
Father fixed the car.
Kathy left the school earlier today.
I walked the dog in spite the rain.
A yellow bee hovers in a single spot.
A small mouse runs with a cake.
A dog runs.
Mary has already left on her trip.
I give good grades for good answers.
You do not have time for me.
Today, I do not have time for this.
Meg must continue her studies.
Meg straightened up her desk.
Meg is excited.
Meg looks just like her mother.
Mayuko wasn't able to meet Meg.
It's just like Meg to act that way.
What he said hurt Mary's feelings.
Everyone but Mike was at the party.
With the exception of Mike, everyone was at the party.
Mike had fun talking to Yumi.
Mike had a good time talking to Yumi.
Mike didn't take part in yesterday's practice.
Mike visited our principal, Mr. Ogaki.
Mike visited Mr. Ogaki who is our principal.
Mike said a few words as a suggestion.
Mike always remains calm.
The students chose her to be the chairman.
Blimey!
Strewth!
I fell in love with the charming female engineer.
She was so in love with the boy that she could only see his qualities.
The teacher fell in love with the student.
A British expedition conquered Everest in 1953.
The conquest of America cost between 60 and 70 million lives.
Bulletproof glass has already saved many lives.
As you wish.
Mike made a crude table out of logs.
Mike can't have done such a thing.
Mike, do planes usually shake like this?
By the way, Mike, please tell me how to get to your house.
I get the point.
Mike likes the cat.
After that, Mike tells Hiroshi to fasten his seat belt.
All good things must come to an end.
I read the entire works of Milton over the holiday.
I read the entire works of Milton during my vacation.
Pregnant women usually buy bigger size panties.
Don't swim in that pond.
You shouldn't swim in that pond.
We're playing chess. I already took four of his pieces.
Let's hang him first, we will judge him later sometime!
In what kind of world are we living?
We agree from time to time.
I read my comic books and I'm happy.
The script Tatoeba needs the most is the native speaker detector.
Melanoma's ABCDE stands for: Asymmetry, irregular borders, changing color, great diameter, and elevation above the skin.
I'm controlling myself not to lose my head.
The moon is nice tonight.
His eyes are red.
Referring to short people as "the vertically challenged" is political correctness running wild.
I looked upon his courage and trusted him.
Because I admired his courage, I trusted him.
Because of his bravery, I had confidence in him.
Poets like Milton are rare.
He speaks angelically.
Minutes passed like days.
So what is the secret to a school course in mathematics being conservative?
I don't consider Milton as good as Dante.
I think Dante is better than Milton.
The music stopped for a minute.
Nijmegen is the oldest city in the Netherlands.
Markets make a good servant, a bad master and a terrible religion.
Shit rolls downhill.
Hedgehogs are cute.
Do you have some dental floss?
Do you use mouthwash?
Mouth rinse will not remove plaque.
You can use a tongue scraper to clean your tongue.
You can use a tongue cleaner to clean your tongue.
Having good oral hygiene is important.
Tartar is a form of hardened dental plaque.
In spite of the fact that he was tired, he continued working.
He took out one egg.
At the most, he earns 50 dollars a week.
You're really annoying.
You should have told me that before.
What we don't have is a concrete example.
When he came and found me, his whole body reeked of alcohol.
Is a question still a sentence?
After years of focus on words, dictionary writers finally turned to sentences.
Everyone has seven fingers and three toes.
Apparently, he had never heard of recursion.
This sentence has five words.
Do you use aftershave?
Some women don't shave their legs.
Oktoberfest has often already ended by September.
I'd like to see your ticket, please.
He's in a rough spot.
My shoulder hurts so much, I don't know what to do.
My whole day was full of surprises.
We can't go outside because it's raining.
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.
Everyone knows bees drink honey.
She fumbled around in the darkness.
When I was a young girl, I always wanted to live underwater.
Phrases are surely more interesting than sentences.
They freed the prisoner.
What would he know?
It snowed more this year than last.
This water has a bad smell.
I'm here already!
What sort of stupid project is this anyway?
We can't see the view because of these trees.
The longer the sentence, the more likely it is to be unique.
I've heard that from a lot of people.
I went there the other day, but it was gone.
The rabbit hid behind the tree.
I really need a massage.
I want people to live.
Some people read books to kill time.
There are people who read books to kill time.
Type inference has three outputs whereas checking only has two.
A polyglot is someone who can read upside-down.
You have to ask yourself "Why do I believe what I believe?".
I only meant it as a joke.
Do you know this thing?
She looked around her room.
Every nuance is lost in translation.
All of these books are mine.
He's our English teacher.
You don't need to suffer in silence.
Don't rely on what he says.
Don't trust what he says.
Mean men's talk is enough to imperil the world.
We decided to fight it out.
I can't tell you any more, I've already said too much.
"Yes. I understand," says Mrs. Lee.
He's two years younger than me.
Eggs go bad quickly in the summer.
You shouldn't act selfishly.
Don't leave the room.
We can't tell which is better.
Candidates whose nomination was rejected have five days to appeal.
This sentence is true, but not provable.
Italian isn't difficult.
I already speak Italian.
I have a very important meeting.
Some women don't wear bras.
He drinks excessive amounts of coffee.
Don't dress like a slut.
I've opened many Facebook and Twitter accounts since 2008. I now have six Facebook accounts and fifteen Twitter accounts.
One of my six Facebook accounts was suspended.
They're making out in the car.
He got caught kissing a girl in the back seat of the car.
Where is there a drugstore?
A hospital, please?
This sentence is not French.
I went to the grocery store.
Archaeology is fun!
A distinct idea is defined as one which contains nothing which is not clear.
I'm going to wash my hands.
The material is not toxic in itself.
I'd like you to quickly browse through these documents.
I consider him one of my good friends.
The President is leaving for Paris next month.
It's hard to please Mr. Hoshino.
He tried to put me off with more promises.
The sight of blood made her excited.
He's concealing something from me.
She is sitting on the bench.
Just wait a little please. He hasn't arrived yet.
I am a big fan of the arts.
He relies upon drink to escape from his worries.
She had to rely upon her inner strength.
Write a sentence containing three verbs.
Write a sentence with three verbs.
"I'll do my best" often means "I'll initiate nothing".
"I'll do my best" often means "I won't initiate anything".
When you are away, I feel lost.
"However", stressed Vladimir Putin, "today is another situation".
Is snuggling the same as snorkeling?
She nuzzled up against her boyfriend.
It's just not possible for me to do all the work in one day.
It wasn't me who translated this text.
They left one after another.
They tied the thief to the tree.
They criticized me for coming late.
The sun sets earlier in the winter.
I want a sword like this!
The newborn got a beautiful name.
Keep that up and you'll find yourself going back home.
Tea, please.
He is hiding something from me.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
There were ink blots on the paper.
The north wind blew all day.
The north wind blew continuously all day.
The leaves have begun to change color.
The leaves have begun to change colors.
That law is full of ambiguities.
Don't be such a wimp!
This hall can hold 5,000 people.
If you will it - it is no fairy tale.
That girl looks like her mother.
My only distraction is the game of Go.
She smiled at me while she sang a song.
She's unfit for the job.
She isn't fit for the job.
She has a cheerful personality.
People thought that she was dead.
I'd like to graduate next spring.
My mother told me to mow the lawn.
My mother allowed me to go abroad.
It's not mea culpa.
No women like to wear a dress that another discarded. With men, they're not so choosy.
The late Freddie Mercury, former lead singer of Queen, had a vocal range of four octaves.
Tom is currently unemployed.
I'm on my way to one of my favorite places ever!
The coin was struck by a die.
I warned him about the danger.
Operation Yoav was a military operation carried out by Israel in its war for independence.
Even the fastest horse only has four legs.
The translation isn't possible.
One important person and the stable boy arrived to the cow cabin the first of January. Therefore, there is only one plastic bowl left at the tea ceremony arbor.
My grandfather speaks very slowly.
Don't stare at others.
Cooking takes too much time.
The children are playing with toys.
Those two children were the same age.
She was absent from class.
"Is he coming?" "No, I don't think so."
But I digress.
The students burst out laughing.
Laughter is good for your health.
This steak has a good smell.
Workers of the world - unite!
Sometimes, I don't understand him.
If you want, it doesn't have to be a fairy tale.
You're only saving face!
I have lost faith in that doctor.
He wasn't the same as I thought he'd be.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
He eats nothing but fruit.
He doesn't eat anything other than fruit.
He doesn't eat anything except fruit.
He eats nothing other than fruit.
He advocated the reduction of taxes.
I miss summer!
My grandmother can fly.
My grandmother is able to fly.
When will you come back to Italy?
If I join the gym, will someone go with me?
What language do people speak in Korea?
Panic rules on the Titanic.
Have you heard about Occupy Wall Street?
Have you heard about the sinking of the Costa Concordia luxury cruise ship?
Did Facebook play a major role in the Arab Spring?
I'm kind of happy for you.
This sentence is not a translation. It's the original.
It is such a nice thing to say that I felt the need to say it.
What you have to do tomorrow - do today; what you have to eat today - eat tomorrow.
You don't stand a snowball's chance in hell.
Please correct the following sentence.
The current debt limit stands at $15.2 trillion.
I have seen an interesting memorial.
You understand, right?
Mr Tanabe became unemployed.
Aren't you please going to sit down?
Don't be so perverse!
I went to a shoe store yesterday.
I didn't like the Prime Minister's speech.
I didn't like the PM's speech.
I don't make a promise to someone without taking it seriously.
Once you decide to enter a profession, you can't change your mind on a whim.
It's late already, time to go to sleep.
Don't rely on him.
The most important thing in a persons life is one's health.
Who the hell do you think you are?
What do you think you are doing, talking down to me like that?
The President's mansion is located in the capital city.
Have you ever eaten teppanyaki?
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose.
Just between you and me, that fat ugly witch is on a diet.
Cosmonauts wear spacesuits.
Astronauts wear spacesuits.
I somehow understand your feelings.
Please do this immediately.
I'm going to ask my hairdresser when I go on Wednesday if I can.
There's little to do.
There is little to do.
You do not want to incur the wrath of God.
She's been severely traumatized by bullying at school.
The national debt has trebled in the last ten years.
Rear end collisions often cause whiplash.
Without the random mutation of genes there would be no evolution.
The mutineer was made to walk the plank.
I read somewhere that animals can sense an earthquake before it hits.
The number of jobless is at an all time high.
Casinos treat high rollers like kings.
I have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks.
It'd be awesome if there was a Japanese edition.
If I don't have a bow, I can't play the violin.
I'll make that bird sing, you'll see!
A shark is a fish while a dolphin is a mammal.
Thanks for joining us.
The children have glow sticks.
Will it blend?
You'll have to clean this up.
I told you I'd be quick and I wasn't lying.
Go fetch some milk.
Fetch me some milk.
My mother asked me if I could fetch some milk.
May I have some fresh cold milk?
I stopped at the store and got some milk on my way back.
She asked her husband to go and fetch some milk.
I'm going to fetch some milk.
He stuck to the original plan.
He told her about his plan.
The world is harsh.
I don't mean Vivaldi's, I mean Haydn's Oratorio, do you know it?
Some important geometric shapes are the triangle, the square, the rectangle, the circle, the parallelogram and the trapezium.
He's in a bad mood.
Not everything important can be counted and not everything that can be counted is important.
How many people will be living on Earth in one century?
Stop this noise!
God is bad.
I once met a boy.
I met a child once.
My friends always say that I'm too quiet, but my family says I'm too dull.
The Bronze Age before after the Iron Age, but after the Stone Age.
Where were you coming from?
In which street?
A cigarette - on one side a flame, and on the other a fool.
Instead of listening in class, I'm translating sentences.
I felt lonely without her.
She finished her errand and returned home.
Prior to the Second World War, World War I was referred to as the Great War.
It's still better than nothing.
It helped me a lot!
That's not on!
He likes to say that he is the son of people.
He keeps an aardvark as a pet.
He is attractive in every way.
I like my new job.
There are lots of things in that shop, for example, games, toys, and flowers.
Everyone comes out of hiding and shouts "SURPRISE!"
He wants to be like me.
I don't like wine.
Brazil was a Portuguese colony.
Brazil was a colony of Portugal.
The French Revolution is one of the most debated historical events.
Newspapers often "adapt" the truth.
He popped the trunk.
He was first among equals.
The projector doesn't work.
It works.
The Swiss franc is pegged to the euro.
It had worked for hours.
I was born and brought up here.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by his toe, if he hollers let him go, eeny, meeny, miny, moe. My mother told me to catch the very best one and you are not it.
I'll make him call you back just as he returns.
I warned him many times, but he won't stop talking.
How can I translate words that don't exist in any language besides my own?
Would you join me to the concert next week?
Half of the apples were rotten.
The majority didn't accept the proposal.
He asked a few pertinent questions.
You have no idea how pretty the girls are around here!
If I were you, I'd visit the churches. You have no idea how beautiful they are.
The best part of Japan are their video games.
The funny part was what he said to me.
He always was a very haughty boy. His parents didn't seem to mind.
Are you suggesting another theory?
My computer behavior's surprises me.
Aren't you surprised by his answer?
It's not his idea, it's mine.
Don't tell him that, or he'll start crying.
He told me he loved me, which surprised me quite a lot.
He won't let anybody sit in his armchair.
"Where is Grandma?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
You have a very kind wife and very good friends.
There's something wrong with the phone. I can hardly hear you.
I can't leave Sysko alone.
If you go out, I won't let you come in again.
This food is delicious. Where did you learn to cook that well?
And you say the house is clean? Look at the floor!
I don't care if she's Catholic, Buddhist or Muslim. All I care is her friendship.
It rains a lot during February here in Brazil.
I visit my grandparents on Sundays.
I didn't like to play in my school games.
I asked him not to bother me.
Can you tell me why are they so glad?
Dinosaur eggs? Impossible. These animals are already extinct.
When I was about to leave, it began to rain.
I lived in São Paulo before, but now I live in Rio.
"Aren't you Mexican?" "Yes, though now I live in Argentina."
My children are coming with me.
That's the woman I talked to you about last night.
The hotel he's living in is downtown.
It's not my decision, so we have to accept it.
It's not your fault, it's Alison's.
If he makes that face it's because he's nervous.
I faced the champion.
We still don't know how long he's going to stay.
I hope the work is finished.
"Aren't you glad about the news?" "I am, but I'm not surprised at all."
I'm sorry, Jorge! I didn't see you!
The father left all his money to his daughters.
Felipe bought a modern truck.
Open the door to let my cat in.
I wish he'll understand me!
Are you sure that she's not lying?
I'm sure he's alive.
We hope that the truth comes to light.
Is there a clothing store near here?
"Is it a good hotel?" "Yes, but it is too far."
Who is the girl in your car?
He says I speak too fast, but this is how we speak Portuguese.
Of course I know who he is! He's an incredibly smart boy.
He goes very often to the theater, but always by himself.
"Did you like my apartment?" "Yes, it is very comfortable."
This church is a very famous and beautiful place.
Don't let the thief run away!
The thief ran away when the alarm rang.
How many bullets can a machine gun shoot?
"Don't shoot!", said the policeman.
She gave fifteen interviews to Brazilian media, and seven to foreign media.
Type the number as I spell it.
Do you think Croatian is an interesting language?
I didn't criticize him.
I am Christian, but he is Buddhist.
And you believe him? Don't be stupid, girl!
He said he wouldn't go to the party because he had to study.
What are you selling?
God gave us the power to love.
If you are in Paris, you can visit the Louvre.
I lost the book you gave me.
Could anyone explain this, please?
Europe has addressed energy issues and climate change far more seriously than the United States has.
You betrayed me. Why?
She's not really a woman... she's a man.
I'll study hard tomorrow.
It was already late, but she left nonetheless.
They're a dime a dozen.
Do you want to go out or stay at home? Either is OK with me.
Tearing money up is a crime, but tearing checks up isn't.
Excuse me, waiter. There's a hair in my soup.
Don't worry, cutting your hair doesn't hurt.
That huge mammal is called an elephant.
The Europeans I experienced were hard working individuals.
They spent a lot of time at work, but not working.
I never used any kind of headband.
This woman is blind.
I wouldn't go out with her even if she's the only girl in the world!
I won't accept that kind of challenge.
I won't accept that kind of people in my house.
Our museum is among the ten most renowned in the country.
We all felt great sorrow for him.
The truth can be more painful than a lie.
Sometimes, knowing the truth hurts a lot.
The television set will stop being the most important member of the family.
It hurts to know that everything I say is a lie.
It hurts to know that everything between us is over.
You mustn't think only about your job, you must also think about the importance of your family.
My family is more important to me than my job.
Bhutan's national sport is archery, and contests are regularly organized in most towns.
The bus is full and nobody sits beside me.
The bus is empty and he sits beside me anyways.
I don't believe in them.
If it never happened to you, you're a virgin.
This custom is followed in most households.
What are you wearing tonight?
Hold the ladder tight.
You'll have to overcome a few difficulties.
And if he keeps messing with me I'll cut his head off!
Since my boyfriend is more of an indoors person, I didn't go to the beach, nor to the mountains this summer.
Swearing relieves the pain.
I have a pretty shrewd idea that this room contains the answer to the whole mystery.
She passed away yesterday afternoon.
Of any stranger, wisemen are suspicious.
He ran away when he saw me.
When time comes for me to join the dead, I will have lived carelessly and will die without remorse.
You don't need to get a haircut this week.
You should leave there on Monday.
At the most, you'll only be 30 minutes late.
It's obvious why you have a stomachache.
It's obvious why your stomach hurts.
No matter how fast you walk, you won't be able to catch up with him.
The enemy of true freedom is an excessive call for security.
One should never deride the wretch, for who can be sure of always being happy?
Everyone should always attach oneself to one's trade.
Too many expedients may spoil a business.
At home I have a room of my own.
One doesn't always follow one's forebears nor father.
Mistrust is the mother of safety.
Let's conclude that providence knows what we need better than we do.
Every marquis wants to have pageboys.
Every power is weak unless it is united.
One "here" is better, we think, than two "you'll have it": one is secure, the other not.
Never an oaf, whatever he does, would be considered a gentleman.
Virtues should be sisters, the same way vices are brothers.
We see ourselves with a different eye from the one through which we see our fellows.
I have never seen such a thing.
Love troubles have the advantage of never being boring.
I use animals to instruct people.
He doesn't get along with his mother.
I repeat it, and say that the world is but a flock of sheep.
A naked lecture conveys boredom ; tales help precepts get through.
The entire universe obeys love ; love, love, everything else is nothing.
To think one is a character is very common in France.
Everything speaks in the universe; there is nothing that doesn't have its language.
Absence is the greatest woe.
Old age is merciless.
He knows the universe and doesn't know himself.
It's good to talk and better to shut up.
No flowery path guides to glory.
We must help each other, it's nature's law.
There is no better friend or parent than oneself.
Do I need the surgery?
Long embassy and long travel lead to unfaithfulness.
Death never surprises a wiseman: he is always ready to go.
You shouldn't have your eyes bigger than your belly.
Everyone easily believes what one fears and desires.
We believe in evil only once it has come.
Better suffer than die, it's humans' motto.
To save your credit, you must conceal your loss.
Golden words, in love, do everything.
It's double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
In everything, one should consider the end.
Honour the face of the old man.
Do I need any more crazy people?
You risk losing when you want to gain too much.
Much better alone than with fools.
The reason of the strongest is always the best.
One recognizes the craftsman by his work.
It's good to be charitable; but to whom? That is the point.
Neither gold nor greatness make us happy.
What you give to the nasty, you always regret.
Of all pleasures, the sweetest is to see oneself praised by those that everybody is praising.
Every flatterer lives at the expense of whom listens to them.
The most frustrating thing that can happen to you, on Tatoeba, is to report a mistake to somebody, and that not only they don't correct it, but they create the variant with the correction that you suggested...without thanking you.
The most beautiful victory is to defeat one's heart.
We forgive ourselves everything and nothing to others.
The excessive attention we pay to danger is most often responsible for us to fall into it.
The pain is always milder than the moan.
The plural of "Nebelbank" is "Nebelbänke", not "Nebelbanken".
I have stomach cramps.
Luis is such a nice boy!
Could I get in before that?
He is the owner of this land.
My wallet was stolen in the cloak room.
He wondered how many times the sun would rise before his salary would.
I sent a pot of cold cream to Eliza.
Are you a fresher?
Shall we meet at the library?
Cut the shenanigans!
I don't know what to do first.
Please delete this sentence.
No sentence on Tatoeba contains the word "anathema".
This car looks like mine.
The book is on the course reserve shelf.
The book is on course reserve.
The Students' Union runs a bar on campus.
She made me some eggnog.
We apologize for the delay.
I don't need any more credits.
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration.
Don't get your knickers in a twist!
I waited for fifteen minutes.
The film should have already started.
Were you expecting something different?
It stinks.
A little more?
He will go as well.
He was raving.
He was talking nonsense.
He was tenacious.
It's raining everywhere.
I'm shattered.
I am shattered.
I'm knackered.
I am knackered.
I'm smashed!
It staggered me!
New Zealand is pretty incredible.
I'm really angry.
He dropped it.
I've forgotten about her.
I like them all.
I'm not hungry.
No kidding.
I've got a cold.
All the king's men.
I take everything back.
I was on the phone.
I put you through to her.
All the President's Men.
"All the President's Men" is my favorite film.
Do you understand her?
I'll go on my own.
My arm hurts.
The book is here.
My nose itches.
The weight is decreasing.
Oh, if I catch you!
Angels are now singing.
As I was going up the stair // I met a man who wasn't there // He wasn't there again today // I wish that man would go away.
Do you have any vacant rooms?
Rain, rain, go to Spain // Never show your face again.
I have just finished eating.
Yankee Doodle came to town // Riding on a pony // He stuck a feather in his cap // and called it macaroni.
Today, some websites are blacked out to protest against SOPA and PIPA.
SOPA and PIPA are two bills in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate respectively.
We have a reservation for six-thirty.
English Wikipedia is blacked out today.
English Wikipedia will be unavailable today.
I have lived here a long time.
SOPA is an acronym for the Stop Online Piracy Act.
PIPA is an acronym for the PROTECT IP Act.
If you need to access Wikipedia today to complete your homework, you're out of luck, unless you speak a foreign language.
There's still a long way to go.
I have a fear of clowns.
He's a great coach.
He's a great coach and is loved by all his players.
I reloaded the webpage.
I bookmarked this website.
I added this website to my favorites.
If something goes wrong, just blame it on the translator.
Velvet pants are out of style.
I feel very betrayed.
I feel so betrayed.
I feel betrayed, but I still like her.
I am so devastated.
He's nothing but a scumbag and a loser.
Eventually, he forgot about the incident.
All you have to do is sweep the floor.
No funny business!
We ate some Twelfth-Night pancake this afternoon.
He's out of the woods.
Watching wild birds is a lot of fun.
Nobody reads long messages.
One language is not enough.
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.
This sentence doesn't exist.
If you read this sentence, you will become blind.
If you read this sentence three times, a ghost will visit you in your sleep.
Lead is easily bent.
Today I went to the doctor.
Most of Japanese cars are built quite reliable.
My thoughts are stuck in the web of Lviv's streets.
My thoughts are stuck in the web of the streets of Lviv.
Figaro invited us to his marriage, but we were late and when we arrived everyone had left a long time ago.
Figaro invited us to his wedding, but when we arrived everyone had already left.
He's overreacting.
Greed is good.
There's no substitute for hard work.
Probably not.
Sex change operations are now tax-deductible.
Those who live by the sword die by the sword.
I thought he would come alone.
The Nintendo DS is a popular handheld game console.
I bought a Nintendo 3DS.
I received a Playstation Vita as a gift.
I will never throw away my Playstation.
I have many games for the Xbox.
Do you have a Playstation 3?
It looks like my Xbox360 is broken.
There's a new console out. It's called the Nintendo 64!
The Super Nintendo's graphics are amazing. They're so much better than those of the original Nintendo.
Sega used to make video game consoles a long time ago.
Pong is the first videogame.
Improving upon perfection is not an easy job.
Have you played the latest Zelda?
It looks fantastic.
Is there a cure for stupidity?
There's no cure for stupidity.
That's so fucked up.
That's fucked up man.
I think my boyfriend is spying on my emails.
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "loose" and "lose".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "then" and "than".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "their" and "they're".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "it's" and "its".
I used to have a MiniDisc player.
I used to have an MD player.
Something fishy is going on.
He's very upset by this.
She's very upset.
She's upset right now.
Beauty such as hers is rare.
I'd like to see Terry Tate.
Mr So-and-so called today.
A lot of flowers have bloomed.
He is definitely not a bad person.
He asked, "Do you love me?"
If there's a way to tell whether or not a girl has a boyfriend, please tell me.
I met her in the winter.
The mystery deepens.
I met her last winter.
I met her in the winter three years ago.
I met her in the winter a number of years ago.
I met her one winter day.
I met her on a certain winter day.
Work is for people without talent.
I met her in the winter of last year.
These sentences are not directly linked.
I met her in the winter several years ago.
I was always honest with you, but you never tried to be honest with me.
The cake is a lie.
We were startled by the explosion.
He was startled by the explosion.
We all agree that we should leave early.
They pulled their boat up onto the beach.
They dragged their boat onto the beach.
Let's end this debate.
Taking trips is a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun going on trips.
Traveling is a lot of fun.
People say that he's still alive.
I hear that he's still alive.
They say that he's still alive.
We do what we must because we can.
This was a triumph!
You are not a good person. You know that, right?
It turned out to be the truth.
We are concerned about our planet.
I'm going to reconsider it.
We should consider a combined effort.
By chance we saw him coming out of the shop.
I want to eat ice cream.
I eat tofu.
One of the biggest problems guys have talking to girls is running out of things to say.
What is it you want right now?
There will be situations where no textbook answer will be available to guide you.
Here's where it gets tricky.
I don't want to be exploited.
I'll be back at six-thirty.
I'll be back at half past six.
I'll be back at half six.
I'll be back at 6:30.
I come back home at 6:30.
By the way, I loved the letter.
The fans were ecstatic about the win.
Even today, I still think of my ex-husband.
From today only healthy food, no more junk food for me!
The mother fed the newborn colt.
I don't get it. Where's the punch line?
Anyone who says so is a liar.
Feed the bird.
The Society for Protection of Nature is a non-profit, non-governmental organization.
The Society for Protection of Nature was established by nature lovers, to protect the beauty that surrounded them.
We provide legal advice and strategy recommendations to various public relation campaigns.
The media doesn't distribute the news.
The Unit for Law and the Environment advances environmental protection through legislation and policy avenues.
It is ironic that one of the most colonialist countries of all times accuses Buenos Aires of being colonialist!
It's ironic that one of the most colonialist countries of all times accuses Buenos Aires of colonialism!
Her health is improving little by little.
After splitting up with her, Simon walked away without looking back.
Warning: Chilean Spanish may sound weird in any other place.
He is thinking he would like to visit Paris.
The police fined the driver who didn't obey traffic rules.
Attention: Chilean Spanish may sound strange elsewhere.
Attention: Chilean Spanish may sound weird elsewhere.
Many Persian words exist in Turkish.
A white coin is for a black day.
Money is needed in hard times.
Gaziantep was freed from the French occupation in 1921.
Evliya Celebi was a Turkish traveller who lived in the 17th century.
You don't need to come to the office, you can take the day off.
All men are pigs (present company excepted).
I order you to do your homework right away.
Tomas asked me if I wanted to go to the swimming pool with him.
Stand up and walk.
Your friends are really concerned about your health.
You want to stay away from that guy.
He was fired for being an incompetent worker.
Thomas asked me whether I could accompany him to the swimming pool.
I'm learning Japanese.
Jose muttered the answer to the question asked by the teacher.
I hope it will rain soon!
After knocking twice, the police had no choice but to break the door down.
I have a new email address.
In general, women tend to live ten years longer than men.
She went to the cinema with him.
The young girl remained silent.
I ran into my professor at a restaurant last night.
By chance, I met my professor at a restaurant last night.
It's five o'clock.
Robert had always dreamed of becoming a pilot.
The rain stopped as soon as they went inside.
He was unsure of what to do.
Although she grew up in Japan, she still speaks fluent English.
I'm not impressed.
They're still young.
Where is the closest subway station?
Life is but an absurd dream.
Does Tom have a key to Mary's flat?
The cobbler is looking for a new anvil.
The sawyer brought some timber over to the cooper's shop, but the cooper is still waiting on the hooper. The chandler is doing fine, though.
Inform that woman that her son is alright.
It's OK, but I think you can do it better.
OK, I'll leave you alone.
Playing with other's feelings is wrong.
Everything we know by now is that Aguiar is fine.
They donated money to the Red Cross.
The Internet has exploded.
The Internet has exploded in popularity.
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.
He is a boy, she is a girl.
We are soul friends.
We are soulmates.
You and I are soulmates.
Gesundheit!
No matter how flat you make a pancake, it always has two sides.
She has the clap.
We are lost.
Where is Sevilla in Italy?
Who had this ugly house built?
Do you ever have a fever?
I hope that she'll get better soon.
I like dancing too.
Few people have typewriters.
I would like you to meet a friend of mine.
What a wonderful surprise!
I have missed you so much.
Are you happy here?
I like this city very much.
Why have you come here?
The quality of rice is getting worse.
Does Mr. Ito teach history?
Napoleon Bonaparte was afraid of black cats.
It was a very beautiful flower.
Isn't it so?
I'm sorry Mohammed, I forgot your name!
In fact, it had been a long time since I'd seen you.
How is your new flat?
This is a dangerous thing.
Delivery of goods is done after a month of placing the order.
I would like to see your products.
Do you have a showroom for your products in the city?
What are your conditions?
Can you make some alterations on this product?
Can I take some of the samples?
There is not enough demand for this product.
This matter does not concern me.
I'll be there in a moment.
What is the matter of surprise in it?
It's an indisputable matter.
Today I have a good appetite.
It is all the same for me.
This serves the purpose.
It is good to feel that nothing can come between a man and wife.
He goes to work by car.
Please be sure to close the windows before you go out.
He was strict with his children.
I got laughed at at school today.
Only God can safely be omnipotent.
What jobs have you had?
Going out together is not the same thing as getting married.
She hasn't forgotten these rules.
He hasn't forgotten these rules.
He's always kept these rules in mind.
She's always kept these rules in mind.
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always, or nearly always, deaf.
Tom talked all night.
He's got two cats, one white and one black.
He's a DJ.
Teens do a lot of dumb stuff.
Teenagers do a lot of stupid things.
Biodiversity is declining rapidly throughout the world.
Previous episodes of mass extinctions were driven by natural disasters such as asteroids, but this one is driven by humans.
Ecosystems are degrading rapidly all around the Earth.
We are living through a biodiversity crisis.
You've been up to mischief again!
Skive and slug.
That new song is called "Lollipop".
I like turtles.
Two tea to 22.
It's my full-time job.
That's why he got up early.
This software package has a suggested retail price of $99.
That's right, folks!
The captain, his whore, women and children first!
The monkey rode on the colt.
He's a member of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds.
Yeah, fat chance!
Let's forget it.
She has to count every penny.
I want a sword!
Hi, sorry I didn't understand you.
She is already sleeping.
He is already sleeping.
We ought to sort the students' names alphabetically.
Are wasps poisonous?
I've never been better.
This insect is tiny, but very dangerous.
Where did the bee sting you?
Everything was out of place when I came back home.
One day, all this will become yours.
Leave her. She needs a few minutes alone.
What should I do with him if I find him?
I need a hammer and half an hour by myself.
It's completely crowded in there.
I don't know if I can resist anymore.
The train is gone.
I was stung by a bee.
My girlfriend dumped me.
He said he was poor.
There exists only one option now.
There exists only one possibility now.
Where is my position on the map?
Again this year a lot of concerts are being given by amateur musicians.
He doesn't show his feelings.
You have to shuffle your classes round whatever happens because you're the lady of the house and you often have lots of guests.
Tom won the lottery, but went bankrupt a year later.
Her daughter is a nurse.
Their daughter is a nurse.
He has blue eyes.
I know what you're scheming to do.
"Was there a dead body in the room?" "No, there was no body there."
"Was there anybody in the room?" "No, there was nobody there."
What can I get you to drink?
It appears that you have appendicitis.
He's already sleeping.
She's already sleeping.
We should sort the students' names alphabetically.
Gendarmes are also human beings.
Gendarmes are human, too.
This sound of danger lent me wings.
Nothing must be done hastily but killing of fleas.
The apology was rather ham-handed.
The prejudices against Québec exist due to its linguistic intransigence.
Trolling is a sin!
This isn't where I parked my car.
Don't let anyone into the room.
We have to find the right person for each position.
People who think they can do anything are generally good for nothing.
A large truck came around the corner.
George Washington was born on the twenty-second of February seventeen thirty-two.
George Washington was born on 22nd February 1732.
The workmen arrived early, bringing their ladders.
I need a rest after so many completely full days.
Does there need to be a goal?
Scientists interpret it differently.
This function takes two parameters, the first one is the title of the window, the second one will be the title of the icon.
If you want to use Chinese characters, be sure you've saved your files in the UTF-8 encoding.
The less I work, the less I want to work.
The capital of Morocco is Rabat.
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
I spent my holiday in Israel.
What does catachresis mean?
I often listen to music while I'm studying.
There is a large hole in the wall.
The wall has a large hole in it.
French is spoken in France and in some parts of Italy.
The lava burned away the houses at the edge of the village.
Now I understand why there were 8 persons and 7 pairs of animals of each species in Noah's Ark.
How many animals of each species were there on Moses' ark?
The sea is a harsh mistress.
I was abducted by extraterrestrials.
We've reached the point where a street hooker is explaining how to make something of yourself!
Shall we go out for a walk?
I went to the swimming pool the other day and then I got ill.
She'll be back.
It'll be back.
I'd like to share my secret with you.
Do you actually have any practical merit or have you merely been trying to give them a sense of the true spirit of polite society?
I'll tell you everything when I come round and see you.
You have twice dared to contradict me in front of the commissioner.
Please give me some strong coffee as well.
I went on sleeping because the alarm didn't go off.
You're out of your mind.
How did you find me?
He's only winding you up.
Work is everything to me.
Let's just hope our team wins.
How much is this biro?
They have a powerful military arsenal.
What he's trying to say is quite sensible in a way.
He got hooked on drugs at a young age.
I was born in 1982 in Athens, where I still live today.
I was working hard, but producing nothing useful.
It's game time!
I'll get used to it sooner or later.
If you had a time machine, where would you go?
Where would you go if you could time travel?
If you had a time machine, which year would you visit?
Oh my God! What are you doing?
I decided to stay here.
Do you have any bread to eat?
I'm hungry because I haven't eaten.
She told me, "open the window".
The opposite of uncomfortable is comfortable.
He is tired.
They named the boy after his grandfather.
How little you know me...
I'm going to sleep, because I'm getting tired.
I'm not the father!
Do it or die!
She blushes.
It used to be taboo for women to smoke.
Would you have sex with me for a million dollars?
There's too much sex and violence in today's movies.
Come hither.
Mary got a bikini wax.
Mary's best friend got a Brazilian bikini wax.
Wow, that's a big clock! Yes, it's a grandfather clock.
Wow, that's a big clock! Yes, it's a longcase clock.
Why do you like short skirts?
What's the difference between a miniskirt and a microskirt?
She's a minger.
He's a talented young director.
He's very intelligent.
Nice ass!
That was close.
That's pretty wild.
He's highly intelligent.
Not all blondes are stupid.
When you get on the highway, shift into fifth gear.
Tom said to Mary that it was just a one-night stand.
Mary is hourglass-shaped.
Mary's measurements are 36-24-36.
The house has been empty for years.
Mary has an hourglass figure.
Mary wants to lose some fat, but Tom thinks that she shouldn't.
Tom wouldn't mind if Mary gained a few pounds.
Mary was jealous that Tom spent so much time with her friend Conchita.
Tom was astounded and fascinated by what he saw there.
Mary doesn't understand why Tom chose a cat as his online avatar.
Mary went to college because she was smart, but Tom went to college because he was a Division 1 player.
Mary chided Tom for spending so much time on Tatoeba.
Mary asked Tom to turn off the computer and prepare dinner.
Mary thought that Tom was wasting his time studying Latin.
The animals had to be killed.
The Latin verb has six infinitives.
Mary likes listening to Hip-Hop music.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom had never listened to Stairway to Heaven.
Tom was sad when he discovered that Mary was a gold digger and Mary was sad when she discovered that Tom was poor.
He did it for the money.
There were flowers here.
Think about your future.
Don't mix sugar with salt.
Tom was surprised that Mary had never listened to November Rain.
I hate you from the bottom of my heart.
If you're happy, so am I.
The show is being recorded in studio 4.
Pics or it didn't happen.
If only I could fly!
Give me a call tonight.
Goal!
Did you talk with your husband?
The game will start in an hour.
He doesn't let me live!
She doesn't let me live!
Rats don't have nephews.
Mice don't have nephews.
I told you no!
The butterfly landed on the hand.
They were not dirty!
I'm cross-eyed.
I'm old enough to not have a curfew.
Life has just begun.
Why are you so fast?
I'll finish it later.
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
True love never ends.
Let's all pray together.
Shut the door! There is a draught here!
We'll wait for you there.
We will wait for you there.
It's a sacred right.
It is a sacred right.
It's the national week of the book.
It is the national week of the book.
His brother is married, but he doesn't have children.
Her brother is married, but he doesn't have children.
I was speaking of you.
What are you waiting for?
Let him wait!
Let her wait!
The work can wait.
Your session expired, please log yourself back in.
It was all in vain!
I know a good store that's cheap.
I know a good restaurant that's inexpensive.
Her real name is Lisa.
I'm not from here.
Death is not to be feared.
The soldier said that death is not to be feared.
All hope abandon, ye who enter in.
Basically, you're absolutely right.
I want to hear you play the piano.
Don't leave the entrance unprotected.
Your computer is completely unprotected.
The prince asked the little girl why she was crying.
I'm from Malta.
Why did Maria say that?
Fine, perhaps I could help you. What is it?
Go to church with your parents and pray for her.
I'll go back home with you.
In fact, I studied all the contents.
They talked about culture.
Effectively, she insulted me.
We always fight over silly things.
Effectively, I killed him.
We argued over this silly thing.
I brought you red roses.
Yes, I'll go with you.
This is the route indicated in the map.
Yes, I'll do what you ask me.
I'll keep fighting until somebody defeats me.
The groom left the bride standing at the altar.
I wouldn't do it for all the tea in China.
I wouldn't do it for all the money in the world.
Come with me!
I'm so anxious.
He lives for studying.
You promise me you won't leave me before the altar?
He lives for his computer.
Everyone left, except for us.
Perhaps we will find it.
My pet is sick.
Maybe they can be happy.
Mary was Tom's high school crush.
The next day, Isabela came back home.
His words confused me.
The bus turned around the corner.
When she kissed me, I felt she was honest with me.
Mary came up to Tom at the party and told him she had a crush on him.
My father went nuts when he saw me hanging out with her.
Mary has a crush on Tom and she wants him to notice her.
The fire knocked down the door.
Mary is in love with a handsome boy from her class named Tom.
Everyone is in favor of the new project.
I was very rich until I met her.
I was very happy until I knew her.
Tom married his high school crush Mary.
I hope it's better tomorrow.
Mary discovered that Tom was having an affair with his secretary.
Mrs. Meier is very attractive.
I told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water.
Mom has a fever.
Her braveness will remain in our memories.
Tom and Mary went on a cruise near Italy for their honeymoon, but the ship sank and Tom was drowned in his cabin.
The windows are open.
It's hot in here, right?
I don't like seeing Dad drunk.
The soldiers are dead.
Mary was accused of practising witchcraft by her neighbours.
I found her mother dead.
The prisoner was found guilty by the judge.
Everyone is looking forward to watching the game.
Mary wished that she could go back in time before she married Tom.
Tom asked Mary and her friends if they wanted to play strip poker, but they refused.
Mary told Tom that she had met a time traveler at the bar, but he thought that she was just being naive.
Mary used her time machine to cheat on the exam.
Mary explained to Tom that the joke relied on a double entendre.
Why did Dickens call this character Master Bates?
That's what she said.
Tom doesn't understand British humour.
I feel smart... Pity... It's just a feeling...
Mary traveled back in time to Paris and became the mistress of Napoleon III.
What time should I wake you up?
I came back home late.
Tom was wounded in a burglary.
Tom could not resist the temptation and spied on Mary in her bath.
Mary frequently has lucid dreams.
Mary had an out-of body experience while meditating.
Tom wears an eyepatch.
Tom and Mary had a pillow fight.
When Mary saw Tom naked, she started laughing.
Mary reassured Tom that he was perfectly normal.
Mary confessed that she prefers well-endowed men.
Mary tried to hide what was really going on.
Mary and Tom care about privacy.
Mary has a pierced tongue.
Mary likes to talk to strangers online.
There's a lot of snow in the winter.
If God is love, I have fallen in God, if I may say so.
I'm from England.
His mother speaks Italian.
My grandfather used to make his own furniture.
Could you call me back a bit later?
Tom admitted his defeat.
I suppose we are to get there soon.
We can't compete with Asia.
My uncle is rich.
My brother is rich.
My father is rich.
I would like to thank my parents, Tom and Mary.
According to Tom, Mary is wild in bed.
"Our customers are in Taiwan", explained Tom.
Tom and Mary bought a home with a pool.
You're doing it wrong! Wear just one eyepatch!
You're doing it wrong!
Our leader will know what to do.
When he failed to find a job, Tom started feeling desperate.
Mary traveled into the future and found that climate change had destroyed all life on Earth.
Mary was shocked when she learned that Tom had had sex with his cousin.
Eat fruits!
Good morning, doctor!
This is a lion.
Tom carefully checked that the gas was turned off.
I drink alcohol.
Is this our hotel?
You can't eat the money.
We count on you.
He was born in 1960.
What is psychoanalysis?
Who is this boy?
He is nothing.
That is essential.
Her mother died in the same hospital she had given birth.
I hope you win!
Call options give the right to buy a security for a certain amount, called the strike price, by a given date. Puts convey the right to sell.
The race is over.
There's something that makes me suffer.
There is something that makes me suffer.
Didn't you know that the east Asian New Year is today?
This is enough for me.
Yesterday I heard a beautiful song.
OK, I'll order it.
I'm from Turkey.
Plot is important!
It's very strange!
It's the land of my ancestors that you're trampling with your feet!
It's the land of my ancestors that you're treading on with your feet!
I told her to sit down and drink a glass of water.
Tom fell asleep during sex ed class.
Tom was surprised by what he learned in sex education class.
Tom and Mary had a heated discussion on same-sex marriage.
Oliver asked his parents, Tom and Mary, where do children come from.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new sister.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother or sister.
When he learned that he would have a new brother or sister, Oliver was overjoyed.
Tom and Mary were stealing glances and smiling at each other.
Mary and Tom were shocked when they saw Oliver come back with his first tattoo.
Mary wanted a tattoo that meant "Love and Fidelity", but it really means "Stupid Foreigner" in Chinese.
Mary's parents disapproved of her decision to get tattooed.
Three times three is nine.
Mary explained to her parents that everyone at school had a tattoo, but they remained unconvinced.
Mary tasted seaweed for the first time and liked it.
What if you regret it?
You never know.
Danger is my middle name.
I need an interpreter.
He brought me to the bus stop.
I need a translator.
Your threats don't frighten me.
Are you fucking stupid?
Tom's car has 100 horsepower.
Tom's car has a top speed of 70 mph.
Tom bought an electric car.
Tom's job was outsourced to China.
Tom tried to convince Mary to have a threesome.
Tom likes to fool around.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to have a threesome.
Look after the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves.
She didn't arrive at the party, but nobody knows why.
She didn't come to the party, but nobody knows why.
I'd like you very much to accept my request.
She didn't come to the party, but nobody knows the reason.
She has a heart disease.
He's afflicted with leprosy. Don't go near him.
The moon is exceptionally pretty tonight.
My aunt had three kids.
My aunt had three children.
I would love to meet an Esperantist and spend the whole day saying, "What is this?".
I'd love meeting an Esperantist and spending the whole day saying, "What's this?".
Maybe he was ill.
Tom tried to convince Mary to put on sexy lingerie.
Tom tried to seduce his secretary.
Tom didn't mind that Mary had small breasts.
Mary likes to shop at Macy's.
Mary likes to shop at Forever 21.
Mary likes to shop at H&M.
Mary was concerned that Oliver had a secret girlfriend.
Mary had a girls' night out.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Mary's parents hate Tom.
Tom got into a fight with Mary's brother and broke his nose.
I fear for the future of humanity.
I fear for the future of mankind.
Mary didn't like Tom's parents.
Even though Tom is quite ugly, Mary still fell in love with him.
Tom's parents live in an old trailer.
The house has three floors.
The house has three stories.
Mary's parents live in a mansion.
Mary's parents live in a big house.
Mary's parents live in a large house.
Mary's parents live in a monster house.
Mary's parents live in a 8,000 sq ft. mountaintop home in Aspen.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend.
Mary thinks that Oliver is still too young to have a girlfriend.
There are plenty of nice girls out there.
Mary said that she doesn't pick guys for their looks.
Tom was about to break up with Mary when she told him that she was pregnant.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal alien.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal immigrant.
Crossing that desert is dangerous.
The town was deserted.
The wreckage of the plane was found in the desert.
The bill, please! I'll get this today.
I got back from Scotland last night.
We got lost in the desert with no water or food.
Yesterday I went to the Goethe-Institut in Bologna with my mother to ask for information about their German courses.
Tom is a narcissist.
To find out about radio broadcasts in Esperanto you can look in the Esperanto magazines or on the internet.
Mary's parents cannot stand Tom.
After wandering aimlessly through the desert for months, we discovered a solitary oasis.
I'm getting nauseous.
Do you know if he is available? I need to know in order to make an appointment with him.
In Latin, "gallus" means both "cock" and "Frenchman".
It was agreed that he would be leaving first.
I must repay my debts.
We apologise for the inconvenience.
I had little expectation for him.
You may pay in advance for your order.
From now on, there is no reason to worry any more.
What's her name again?
She enjoyed conversing with him.
The fuse has blown.
The Nazis wiped his name out of the history books.
The perpetrator could almost completely remove all traces.
She wiped him out of her memory.
Greece can no longer pay off its debts.
That people should be wiped off the face of the Earth.
She removed him from her memory.
Mary loves kung fu.
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?
The hotel burned down.
Please write your contact address here.
I just found a solution for the problem.
The land became a slum.
Do you remember the town in which he was born?
Do you remember the town he was born in?
There's nothing I can do to help them.
The sleep of reason produces monsters.
Shouting at the top of your lungs.
I have a fish bone stuck in my throat.
It's two o'clock.
Come back in two days.
Okay.
Maria lives in a middle class neighborhood.
He hurt his ear while he was shaving himself.
I don't need your advice.
It's this month's magazine.
I found a book with a red cover and decided to borrow it.
Some people live only with what they find in big dumping grounds.
I have no money to pay for the bus.
I never had a steady job.
Did you lose anything, miss?
A language is a living system that evolves during time.
Despite everything she said to me, I can't stop thinking about her.
I know who killed the police inspector.
It's time for us to talk.
Something very strange happened in Salvador city.
Something very strange happened last night.
When do you come?
There's something very strange happening here in our house.
Did you see it is impossible?
Did you see that studying does matters?
Do you see that you were going to lose anyways?
When Oliver started driving, it seemed that he didn't understand the risks involved.
Oliver is a thrill-seeker.
Oliver thought that his parents, Tom and Mary, weren't setting rules or monitoring his whereabouts.
Oliver crashed his parents' car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Oliver crashed Tom and Mary's car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Mary is a trophy wife.
Mary is 21 years younger than Tom, but Tom is 22 times richer than Mary.
Tom is old enough to be Mary's grandfather.
He's old enough to be her father.
The land became a village.
Tom is very good at videogames.
Mary thinks that Oliver is spending too much time playing videogames.
You are the tallest one.
You're the tallest one.
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
Procrastination: It's serious business.
Tom loves ice-cold drinks.
He lives a long way away.
She lives a long way away.
Tom was deployed to Iraq.
He lives in the back of beyond.
She lives in the back of beyond.
The more time the student has to prepare something, the less he will use to actually prepare it.
I have three points on my licence.
Due to one of the member's professional contrainsts, the meeting had to be postponed.
He went on a walk.
He cried with joy.
Mr. Jones was born in the United States.
Although dull in almost every aspect, you're sharp in the most unexpected matters.
CPR is a fundamental rescue technique in an emergency situation with another person.
Tom is a member of the NRA.
Tom is in favor of gun control.
Tom owns a hunting rifle.
Tom bought a webcam.
Tom's phone can take pictures.
That sounds sensible.
Tom has a Dreamcast.
Tom is playing on his gamecube.
Those lazy men neglect their duties over and over again.
State intervention should be conducted by generating positive and intense incentives.
If you die, I'll kill you!
As far as I know, he is not married.
Her blood flowed over her chest.
One mind is good, but two are better.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, with less than half of them surviving.
He will always love her.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, and less than half of them survived.
Are you full?
Do you speak Catalan?
It's not going to rain tonight.
He is an aristocrat.
God is always right.
I bought a hat.
They are fairy tales for children.
He gave me tea without sugar.
I made a mess of it.
It doesn't have any meaning.
It doesn't have any significance.
When the train goes through the station, the windows rattle noisily and the whole house shakes.
Don't confuse me.
I am afraid of heights.
I am an eighteen-year-old student of mathematics.
There is no link between these two.
Why is Esperanto the ideal language for communication?
I hate Esperanto.
Did your husband foot the bill?
We've been working on this for five months. Don't fuck it up now.
It is never too late to be what you could have been.
He has eleven children.
Don't fuck it up!
Don't screw it up!
I apologize for the delay.
I am drinking coffee.
I went to many shops to look for the book.
Is that the key you are looking for?
He returned home after being away for ten months.
I'm never gonna let her live that down.
A lion is strong.
He lives in Cardiff.
I want to learn English.
I don't care as long as you're happy.
Wolves don't usually attack people.
I often confuse John and his twin brother.
I have hardly any English books.
I have very few books in English.
Who did you hear this news from?
Mass production lowers the cost of certain goods.
Lemon tea without sugar, please.
I will support him.
Learning foreign languages is boring.
Queen Elizabeth died in 1603.
All of my relatives are taller than me.
I have never tried Chinese food.
I love French coffee.
Come whenever you want to.
I'd appreciate it if you'd turn off the lights.
I don't know whether it is the morning or the afternoon.
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."
There was enough water for two days.
Do you like to travel? Me too.
Poets cannot live without love.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
He promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
I have to lose weight, so I'm going on a diet.
Can you see the invisible man?
Don't say anything without thinking.
Nobody loves me.
I hate Tom.
Everybody has to eat.
Many scientists affirm that life on Earth didn't come up by chance.
I have already been here for two hours.
Planets don't emit light by themselves.
I want to give Mom a plant.
She helped the old man cross the road.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
I can't remember the melody of that song.
Within a month of going abroad, he became sick.
The old woman climbed the stairs with difficulty.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
I'm on the eighth floor.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
I am your friend, right?
I'd like to pay.
The flowers perished from the frost.
There are no plants on the Moon.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own sun.
A fire broke out on the second floor.
My brother skips school often.
Send her my regards.
Maybe she will come tomorrow; maybe she didn't come yesterday only because tomorrow she will have more free time.
Now we have enough people to play mahjong.
The interface of this website is somewhat pedestrian, but it’s simple.
Here is one of my pictures.
Here is one picture of me.
If I had visited Murcia, I would have seen the cathedral.
I have fewer students than Pedro does.
I want you to visit Canarsie.
I am interested in running the marathon in Bildersee next year.
You have to try not to forget what time it is.
I planned to become a teacher, but I never did.
Children are the flowers of life.
You are not trying!
I love puzzles so much!
She loves the child as if it were her own.
He ate the whole apple.
All of my siblings are taller than me.
I don't know where I am.
Why don't you want to come to the cinema with me?
Ah, thank you, my dear.
These three years have gone by like three days, just like a dream!
You broke the washing machine.
I was about to go out when the telephone rang.
He was about to go out when the telephone rang.
Many people attended his funeral.
Many people attended her funeral.
Since it's important, I'll do it.
It's important, so I'll do it.
We caught him red-handed.
Use your own words to retell the content of the lesson.
This is a letter in Ryo's handwriting.
Tom's mother was a wise woman.
In all of my travels, I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount Everest.
USSR stands for Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Why have you been so angry with me for the last week?
Tiger lillies bloomed in the garden.
I don't like suck-ups.
Loud music is bad for your health.
What were they arguing about?
What were you arguing about?
Tom thinks that cars have faces.
This car looks angry.
This car looks happy.
The car is blue.
Tom was scammed by Nigerian scammers.
Tom was the victim of an advance-fee fraud.
Tom was the victim of a 419 fraud.
Tom has scurvy.
Mary was kidnapped by pirates.
Green is my favourite colour.
Mary likes haute couture.
English doesn't differentiate between the verbs "ser" and "estar".
The textbook shows the meaning of each individual word with a picture.
The chance that Tom will get arrested is very slim.
The chance that Tom will be executed is very slim.
Year 2011's most notorious expression is "Kebab murders".
The notorious expression of the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The non-word of the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The ghastly neologism of the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
The non-word for the year 2011 is "Döner murders".
This city is not for me.
I still have to get the rest of my stuff out.
He goes to kindergarten.
The term "Sattelzeit" denotes the transitional period between the early modern age and the late modern age.
The classical periodization of history studies in Ancient times, the Middle Ages and Modern Era is based on a Eurocentrist world view.
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to the guests.
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to those invited.
He hasn't started soldering the electronic components on the PCB yet.
He hasn't started soldering the electronic components on the printed circuit board yet.
If the torque is too high, the shaft might break. That's why we are using a shear splint as a torque limiter.
I have a lot of work to clear up by the weekend.
Hold the ball with both hands.
Those three years went by like three days, like in a dream!
Recently, Israel and Iran have very few things in common, but Esperanto is one of them.
Tom started taking boxing lessons when he turned twelve.
Tom wants Oliver to learn how to box, but Mary thinks that it's too dangerous.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
I wouldn't like to meet him in a dark place.
Tom bought a plasma TV on Black Friday.
Tom thinks that he's the center of the universe.
Tom is convinced that the earth is flat.
Tom thinks that the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom is a very rich person.
Could you make an example to reify your idea?
From your lips to God's ears!
Let's hope so!
May God hear you!
Please wait outside the house.
Do you know his name?
Many miners are afraid that the mine will be closed down soon.
Year 2011's most infamous expression is "Kebab murders".
The most infamous expression for the year 2011 is "Kebab murders".
Tom has a private jet.
Tom drank a lot of vodka on his trip to Russia.
Tom has a private yacht.
He had a whale of a time.
To rule a country is no easy task.
To rule a country is not an easy task.
To govern a country is no easy job.
To govern a country is not an easy job.
I prefer taking medicine rather than getting an injection.
I prefer to take medicine rather than getting a shot.
When will you eventually get out of the bathroom?
That street was very noisy.
Come on, everything will be alright.
I've never dated her. It's just friendship.
I've never dated her. She's just a friend.
I prefer to be hanged rather than being shot.
I'm waiting for a very important call.
I need someone to understand me.
Wrap the pastry with a banana leaf.
The customers are complaining about the service.
The beauty salon is full on Saturdays.
He had gone to get a haircut, but he'll be back soon.
Buy two egg boxes.
Pregnancy only happens if the ovum is fertilized.
It surprised me that platypus lay eggs.
My computer is antiquated already.
My daughter tells me I'm old-fashioned because I don't use a cellphone.
He thinks that playing board games is old-fashioned now.
He's been in the service for 50 years.
My history teacher is an old Portuguese.
When I say hello to him, he never replies; he only inclines his head.
Later, they were murdered stealthily.
When did you join the force?
Some of them were murdered by soldiers, while others died of hunger, cold or diseases.
Why do you insist? I already said no!
I know that tune, but I can't remember the lyrics.
Why yes it is.
She has to take a remedial course in English.
My father is going bald.
Tom was sad because he was the only one not invited to the party.
I spent five days in that filthy well. In that moment, my only solution was praying.
In today's life, the world belongs only to the stupid, the insensitive, and the agitated.
How do you like them apples?
I noticed I was being observed.
The car doesn't start.
Oh? You stopped altogether?
Tom organized a neighborhood basketball team.
Tom put together a neighborhood basketball team.
He works at the company seven days a week.
Mary believes in the power of love.
Won't it be dark in the rain?
Tom is rather eccentric.
Tom is a jedi.
Mary bought Tom a new lightsaber for his birthday.
In the year 2012, there will be flying cars everywhere.
The drawing is bad.
The drawing is faulty.
Tom bought a Roomba.
My cat likes my keyboard.
The drawing is defective.
The weather report is faulty.
The weather report is defective.
The weather report is bad.
Is it not dark in the rain?
Be bold!
In the rain, is it dark?
You've got to be bold!
Is that really true?
Tom has a small penis.
Tom has a large penis.
You've got to be intrepid!
Mary doesn't have time to do the laundry.
You've got to be audacious!
Tom is a bus driver.
Tom is a school janitor.
You've got to be hardy!
Tom complained about the excessive noise.
Tom kissed Mary's hand.
Tom is surrounded by beautiful women.
Why did you decide to study English?
Tom is a nudist.
Tom and Mary went to a nudist club.
I went to a nude beach in France.
Mary giggled.
I never had a car.
Today is a beautiful day.
I'm afraid of dogs.
I'm curious.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
It seems I have a slight cold.
I'm sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
She's dieting.
He's a baseball player.
He's able to speak Japanese.
She's absent because she's sick.
He's three years older than she is.
He's three years older than her.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
She's curious to find out who sent the flowers.
I don't know exactly when I'll be back.
I'll postpone my trip to Scotland until it's warmer.
Croatia is in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is located in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country located in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country in southeastern Europe.
Esperanto is an aid for teaching foreign languages.
It's not evening yet.
If the thunder isn't roaring, the peasant won't cross himself.
It's already eleven.
She'll probably come.
I'm surprised that you won the prize.
It's difficult to understand his theory.
It's hard for me to put my thoughts into words.
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.
One shouldn't take the hat away from a fool.
If I hadn't had your cooperation, I couldn't have finished the work in time.
He couldn't accept a strange woman as his mother.
He couldn't bring himself to believe her story.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
I didn't notice how she was dressed.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
If that guitar weren't so expensive, I could buy it.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
It'd be better if you didn't associate with men like that.
You shouldn't associate with men like that.
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.
That'll put you in danger.
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.
He's been staying at that hotel for the past five days.
He's been staying at that hotel since five days ago.
She's been absent from school for five days.
They're on good terms with their neighbors.
We've walked all around the lake.
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.
English is like a universal language.
English is like a world-wide common language.
That's why he got angry.
That's the reason he became angry.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
There's an exception to every rule.
What languages are spoken in America?
Which is larger, Japan or England?
She'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door.
She never dreamed she'd meet him overseas.
She never dreamed she'd meet him in a foreign country.
Where in Turkey do you live?
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
You look just like your older brother.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
He put the book on the shelf.
He earns three times more than I do.
He earns three times more than me.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He told me his life's story.
Mary is a yodeler.
Nobody backed up what I said.
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.
She was sitting in a chair, watching TV.
He finally met my demands.
He finally fulfilled my request.
This car needs to be washed.
This piece doesn't match.
Tom kissed Mary on the lips.
Please be sure to close the cap properly after use.
Am I my brother's keeper?
Tom was framed.
Tom invited Mary to supper.
He enjoyed hobnobbing with diplomats and celebrities.
There are people of many different races living in America.
Please send this by registered mail.
I want to send this by registered mail.
1980 was the year that I was born.
It'll cost about 2,000 yen to repair it.
It'll cost about 2,000 yen to fix it.
It's about time for the guests to arrive.
The guests should be arriving soon.
Tom got tested for STDs.
Tom likes to look at pictures of cats.
Times change, and we change in them.
The girl he's speaking to is Nancy.
The times are changed and we are changed in them.
Tom thinks that schools should teach children to obey authority.
Mary thinks that the world is a dangerous place.
The typhoon did a lot of damage to the crops.
A pretty girl lived in that village.
This is the nicest present I've ever received.
Three people are missing after the flood.
Oliver likes to play with Playmobil.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your idea.
Ten people were packed into the small room.
"I care very deeply for you," she confessed.
I was afraid that I might be late for the bus.
I'm afraid that he might be late for the train.
Tom is a conservative.
Mary is a liberal.
Tom is out of prison.
My mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
Tom's tax rate is 15%, but his secretary's tax rate is 35%.
My mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
Tom is a convicted felon.
She was wearing a green coat with a matching mini-skirt.
Mary has a dirty mind.
Mary's shoes are dirty.
Tom's boots were muddy.
It's hard to keep up with his dirty deeds.
Mary is carrying a watermelon.
Tom is a womanizer.
Tom was cleared of the theft charge.
Tom works as a bouncer in a nightclub.
The baby looked just like her mother.
Tom and Mary have trouble getting along.
Tom and Mary swam in the ice-cold lake.
Oliver uses Clearasil.
Oliver has an acne problem.
The house we used to live in was torn down.
Mary had a rhinoplasty.
Mary insulted the waiter.
Tom invited Mary to a party at the country club.
Tom asked Mary to dress like a French maid.
Tom is dancing with the ladies.
Mary slapped Tom.
Tom and Mary made love passionately on the beach at sunset.
That place is worth visiting at least once.
Mary started taking her clothes off.
Tom and Mary live in a seedy rundown neighbourhood.
Mary will stop at nothing to achieve her goal.
Give me a chance!
Mary's sister is shy and awkward.
Mary was arrested for shoplifting.
Mary likes romantic comedies.
The teacher can't have said such a thing.
Tom fell down the stairs and hit his head.
The twin brothers look exactly alike.
Tom wished he knew more than one language.
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.
It looks like it's going to clear up soon.
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
Please bring me a chair from the next room.
The plane arrived at Itami Airport on time.
This is the camera I bought yesterday.
Frankly speaking, I think he's a good boss.
I can't afford to buy the new bicycle.
Both claims are false.
We had to nix tomorrow's meeting because of a scheduling problem.
Tom has a collection of Matryoshka dolls.
Death is a mysterious lady without compassion.
Death is a mysterious, merciless lady.
He is one of the British hopefuls for the London Olympics.
Tom has a large dick.
Tom has a small dick.
Tom and Mary met at a New Year's party.
Tom and Mary exchanged numbers at the party.
Tom showed Mary around the school.
Tom showed Mary around the office.
Conchita felt guilty for ruining Tom and Mary's relationship.
Conchita decided to tell Mary the truth.
Mary is a famous pop star.
Tom is a teen idol.
Mary is an obsessive fan of Tom.
Tom is being chased by paparazzi.
Tom has an evil twin brother.
Tom is a quarter back.
Tom is being bullied by Mary.
Mary spotted Tom and Conchita flirting together.
Football means everything to Tom.
Mary tried to comfort Tom.
Mary saw Tom and Conchita holding hands.
Mary found out about Tom's secret relationship.
The building was given up to a youth club.
Tom has 12 siblings.
Tom and Mary live on a farm and have 16 children.
Tom and Mary have about 20 children, but they're not quite sure of the exact number.
Where is his clinic situated?
Where is his clinic located?
The door is closed.
His condition could have been worse.
It's out of your hands.
From a bird's-eye view, Los Angeles looks like a chequered carpet.
Please fill out the following questionnaire.
Please fill out the attached job application form.
The mobile phone you have dialed is either switched off or outside the coverage area, please try again later.
At the tone it will be one hour, fifty eight minutes and forty seconds.
Her ring fell into a river and sank to the bottom.
Where are the lifeboats?
Please fill out the attached application form.
Please complete the attached job application form.
Please complete the attached application form.
Where can I find a taxi?
Hope is a little voice whispering "maybe" when it seems the entire world is shouting "no"!
Never be defeated by the malice of people, by their agression and their hate, no matter how intense.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
What defines us is how well we arise after falling.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
I lost my wife due to a traffic accident.
I lost my wife in a traffic accident.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect, but rather that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
I intend to stay at a five-star hotel.
I wish to stay at a five-star hotel.
It's a good day to have a good day.
Sometimes the people you think don't want to talk to you are the ones waiting for you to talk to them.
If you want to know where your heart is, look to where your mind goes when it wanders.
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
People speak so much about the need for leaving a better planet for our children, and forget the urgency of leaving better children for our planet.
The hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn.
If you didn't hear it with your own ears or see it with your own eyes, don't invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth.
I honestly think it's better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Prejudices are what fools use for reasons.
Go the extra mile; it's not crowded.
A good deed lightens a dark world.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
Do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
The highest form of ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about.
Worrying is like a rocking chair; it gives you something to do but doesn't get you anywhere.
Life is like photography; you used the negatives to develop.
You don't need to attend every argument you are invited to.
A smile is the most beautiful curve on a woman's body.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
The trouble with the world isn't that people know too little, but they know so many things that ain't so.
Some people come into your life as blessings, others, as lessons.
The secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
We do not need an intelligent mind that speaks, but a patient heart that listens.
Sometimes I want to ask God why He allows poverty, famine and injustice in the world when He could do somehing about it, but I'm afraid He might just ask me the same question.
A bicycle runs on fat and saves you money; a car runs on money and makes you fat.
"Especially challenged people" sounds better than "handicapped persons".
It was really considerate of you to lend me 500 dollars when I was in difficulty.
I am what I am today thanks to my parents.
She had already gone to bed when I called her at 11 p.m.
I visited Canada a long time ago.
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.
I was taught something different.
That incident happened right in front of him.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
Tom has a tiny dick.
Tom has a big penis.
We have to admit that our team is inferior to that of the United States.
We have to admit that our team is inferior to the American one.
It's foolish on your part to swim when it's so cold.
We postponed our departure because of the storm.
Mary is young, but full of talent.
Tom was barely alive when we found him.
You may come in now.
Please turn in your homework by tomorrow.
Please be quiet so you don't wake Tom up.
It's been five years since my father died.
It's been five years since my father passed away.
It's been 33 years since Marilyn Monroe died.
I gathered from what she said that she liked him.
I was born the year my grandfather died.
My mother went to the department store to do some shopping.
The disease was caused by a new micro-organism.
In what hotel do you intend to stay?
I'd never wear a shell suit.
I'd never wear a tracksuit.
I'd open the window: I need some fresh air.
Can you please clean the board?
I'll eat my hat if she turns up on time.
We should go the whole hog.
We should go whole hog.
The pre-Islamic Arabs were nomads.
A person who follows Islam is known as a Muslim.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
I sold it for 600 euros.
Is the ticket good for the floating tram as well?
The hooligans have been banned from matches.
I saw an airplane.
How will you sort the animals?
In which language do you want to see names of animals?
Do you know how to juggle?
The border is closed.
I'm not at my best in the mornings.
Stop making such a fuss!
Swipe either left or right to see another animal.
Tap an animal to hear the sound.
Rotate your screen to see other images.
I'm about to blow my top.
Tom blew his top when he heard that Mary had gone out with John.
I'd like to organize a block party.
Frederick the Great introduced the potato to Prussia.
What time is good for you?
An egg is a zygote.
My uncle has a house in Italy.
Rake the leaves in the backyard.
I pray for a better future.
You don't have to go inside. You can pay at the pump.
Click me to hide this screen.
Click the image to hear animal's sound.
Can I get 20 dollars on pump 3?
Do you want fries with that?
Children love chips with everything.
Would you like to go out with me?
Don't listen to him.
If you don't ask her out, I will.
"Can I get a Coke?" "Is Pepsi okay?"
"Can I get a Coke?" "Is Pepsi alright?"
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
I'll see to it first thing tomorrow.
There's something about him that just doesn't sit right with me.
Are we still on for later?
You should bone up on your French before your trip to Marseille.
You need to set the record straight once and for all.
Swallowing and throat-clearing can be a sign that someone is lying.
Is there a thing of which it is said, ‘See, this is new’? It has already been, in the ages before us.
Tom is addicted to Coke, but he doesn't like Pepsi.
The crowd is going nuts.
Mary likes nuts.
Tom is completely nuts.
Mary is a nutty old bat.
Tom has a big schlong.
Mary likes to party.
It looks like Mary is drunk again.
The skyscraper is in the center of the city.
Tom is out of the tournament.
The northern English town of Scunthorpe is difficult to find on the web.
She died.
"I want to die." "First, I pray you, learn what it is to live."
My heart bleeds.
That's the sweet spot.
Tom is a draft dodger.
Tom fled to Canada.
Tom fled slavery by escaping to Canada.
How is your work going?
That's wrong! The function is bijective!
This problem requires a large effort to be solved.
This is the first time that I've eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
Mary has a strong personality.
What the heck?
Mary has a headache.
Mary felt excluded.
Tom didn't want to do something he would regret.
The film was inspired by the novel of the same title.
I am a single mother of four children.
James Bond is not an actor.
Prince Hamlet wasn't a play-wright.
I slept like a dog.
What is she talking about?
Depression is common among young adults who have Asperger syndrome.
Hamlet proclaimed that he was not mad, but only pretended to be mad. Could it be, that he was mad all along? Or maybe he wasn't mad at first, but later on - as things became more and more complicated - he started to really lose his mind? Or maybe, he wasn't mad at all?
Tom is cocksure.
Tom thinks he can do the job better than anyone else.
GPS means "Global Positionning System".
I wish I had more time to talk to you.
I believe the prince is merely prentending to be mad in order to gain time to make a decision about killing the king.
Hamlet is very much a man who can't make up his mind.
Hamlet spends the first half of the play buying time so he won't have to make a decision and his madness allows him the freedom to wander unopposed.
No, I don't think Hamlet was actually mad. Whenever he is alone with Horatio, he's sane enough.
He was stressed, certainly, but sane.
He is not mad, nor ever was.
I'm sure that Hamlet wasn't mad at first. But could it be that he played it so well that he began believing it himself?
Hamlet has a clear understanding of the situation, understands that he is in the wrong no matter what he does, and realizes the consequences of his actions. He is, therefore, not mad.
"Though this is madness, there's method in 't." By definition, Polonius's very words discount the possibility of madness. If there is method, then there is no madness.
Mary has big eyes.
Mary looks a bit like Denise Richards when she was young.
Mary is weird.
Tom's native language is English.
Mary is a professional pole dancer.
Mary is very good at belly dancing.
Mary's hobby is geocaching.
Tom is quite good at Photoshop.
Tom is watching the boob tube.
Tom is the man.
I'm ashamed that my son is such a lazybones.
Tom is a centaur and Mary is a nymph.
Tom is a satyr.
Wherever the needle goes, the thread goes too.
Make yourself some hot tea.
Mary is a famous bounty hunter.
Breakfast is at half past nine.
I always thought medical students were very busy and hard-working people. Then I met you.
Me? Encourage you to work? Blasphemy!
I like toasts very much.
They promised to give a thousand pieces per month.
Tom is using the Internet to learn Spanish.
There barely were children in the classroom.
I think she is very attractive.
This is a restricted area.
She rejected the money.
Normally, we don't do that in Spain.
Her daughter became a beautiful woman.
Is this your picture?
I got up at seven in the morning.
Ask the policeman.
We will visit my grandfather this week.
My table is old.
That hotel is very near the lake.
I've got to help Mary.
I'll do everything for him.
I'd like to live near your house.
He's on his last legs.
She slept even more.
He is in the bathroom.
I think I'm ready to leave.
I think everything is ready.
I think you should go and visit Tom.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat the last time I saw him.
I hate losing.
I love winning.
I went skiing a lot as a kid.
Tom and Mary just got married, but they don't act like newlyweds.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
That sounds a little dangerous.
He's head over heels in love.
Tom might look the favourite after the first lap of this race, but it's early days.
Introducing foreign plants, such as palm trees can damage ecosystems.
The introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems.
This book is widely available in libraries.
Don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
I think she'll help me.
The bike parked over there is my brother's.
I visited Kyoto a long time ago.
I visited Paris a long time ago.
You lead me into temptation!
One of the clichés of each detective story is that the victim has obviously been hit "with a blunt object".
Be careful, this guy has a shooting license!
Be careful, he might shoot you!
Beware of a silent dog and still water.
Warning, the guy in front of you is a certified nutter!
She rarely stays home on Sundays.
She rarely stays home on Sunday.
At highway rest stops in Germany, many people eat currywurst with fries.
At travel plazas in Germany, many people eat currywurst with french fries.
This is horrible.
Do you also have kid-size portions?
Do you also have child portions?
I had a good day in Austria learning to ski.
We now have only one week left in the UK before we fly home to Australia.
At motorway service areas in Germany, many people eat currywurst with chips.
She can't drink alcohol.
Do they exist?
The hikers traced a convoluted route through the mountains.
My son has an hereditary disease.
Tom lost 70 lbs.
Tom lost seventy pounds.
Which weekend in March are you coming again?
He was challenged to a drinking contest.
I believe Elvis yet lives.
I believe Elvis is still alive.
Mary has to sew her own clothes.
Tom is Mary's gardener.
The couple have seven children.
We'll keep in touch.
Do you have anything to write with in there?
The student came from London.
I didn't get this joke.
And they all lived happily ever after.
And you ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
Don't be so humble, you are not that great.
Newton's First Law says: "Every object persists in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line unless it is compelled to change that state by forces impressed on it".
Newton's Second Law says: "Force is equal to the change in momentum per change in time. For a constant mass, force equals mass times acceleration".
Newton's Third Law says: "For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction".
GPS trackers are raising new questions about privacy and a legal system that has not kept pace with technology.
Like Sharapova, Azarenka excels in the first two shots of the point. She likes to play first-strike tennis, going after the first ball of the point to send her opponent running.
Even though he explained to me over and over again the meaning of this poem, I still don't get it.
She goes to the supermarket once a week.
I never regretted having helped him.
The police is still investigating the mysterious death of the professor.
I never regretted having kissed you, and I'd do it again if I had the chance.
José says he wants to die before the Third World War.
I'd never ask such a childish question.
I never regretted anything I did.
Jose chose atheism and he never regretted it.
The truth can be overwhelming.
Tom is the tallest boy in our class.
Some day, the boy disappeared without a trace.
Tom is the tallest in our class.
He's the tallest in our class.
He's the tallest in the class.
The king will be banished.
I can't afford to buy a laptop for my son.
I already forgot what happened.
After years of suffering, she finally decided to forget the past and begin a new life.
I forgot my purse in the church.
No matter how I try, I can't forget that kiss.
We never forget our true friends.
The father and the son will be tried for homicide.
Jose is one of the suspects of murdering a cab driver in Rio de Janeiro.
He says he drinks to forget.
One day, Maria became the happiest person in the world.
As I came into the bedroom, there was blood all over the place.
We will never forget about you.
I was wrong; forget what I told you.
It's very sad to find out that all of our plans were in vain.
I spent all I had in order to buy it, but I never regretted doing so.
The fullback was sent off from the match.
Knowing this is the last time I'll be writing to you is very sad.
Tom has a black cat.
The cup is to take pride of place in my study.
His complacency won't make him many friends.
She is completely deaf in her left ear.
His praise of Italian wine at the French winemakers' convention really set the cat among the pigeons.
My uncle brought a two-tiered box of chocolates from Doha.
Every camel has its hump.
No taboo is known to be universal.
The car raced past the farm.
German Shepherds have beautiful bushy tails.
Two riders sped past me, and soon vanished in the distance.
What could cause the body to tremble all over and lose strength?
Most of the passengers on board were Japanese.
We are not in a position to fulfill your expectations.
Sarah is a mousy-quiet and reserved woman.
My pup took a marrow-bone and sat mousy-quiet in a corner.
Earthquake gives me heartquake.
It gives me nausea too.
I adore your comments.
She was sick, so she couldn't come.
I've often thought that about my personal trainer.
If possible, I'd like to know the name of the author.
If possible, I'd like to read more about this subject.
If possible, I'd like to read more about the issue.
You are not in a legal position to demand anything.
I demand to speak with my lawyer.
The majority of the Americans are descended from immigrants.
Latin Americans know very little about the history of the indigenous peoples who used to live here several centuries ago.
I'm not in a position to accept it.
You are not in a position to ask for anything.
You are not in a position to defend yourself.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about this case.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about the case.
I have no doubt about it.
I don't believe she would understand.
If possible, I'd like to receive an answer.
He wasn't in a position to give any interview.
José is not in a position to speak right now; please call later.
José cannot speak at the moment; please call later.
I don't want to speak about her.
Why did you decide to speak about that now?
She speaks only about work.
I don't believe she would understand it.
I don't think she would understand it.
Since Puerto Rico is a US colony, Puerto Rico's head of state is the President of the USA, but inhabitants of Puerto Rico are not allowed to vote in US presidential elections.
She discovered a colourful new world.
I've heard that he turned a hippie, because he chewed some mushroom and discovered a new colourful world.
Did you send the fax already?
I'm going out on vacations for two months.
I have a lot to do; otherwise I would accept your invitation.
Whom did you meet?
Do you know what time that supermarket closes?
I'll visit you when you invite me.
Your ex-boyfriend is a jerk.
I don't care about the presents. To me, it's no different if you wouldn't have brought this.
Stay calm. You'll have your reward tomorrow.
Please bring your intermediate examination certificate with you to the first day of class.
"I'm not a monster!", said Tom.
Tom is a mutant.
She will pay up to fifty dollars.
This is how they hunt elephants alive.
Betty drives very fast.
The report was considered false.
I think he will never come back.
She's attractive, but she talks too much.
When I woke up, there was a burglar in my room.
I don't think you can beat me.
One of these kids knows it.
You couldn't live without water.
I want to change my life.
How many men are trying to learn English?
We'll leave tomorrow morning.
We'll be friends forever.
I don't want to die now.
The world outside is very scary.
If you don't know anything about the matter, it's better that you keep quiet.
An atom's dimensions are extremely small.
He left the country after his grandfather's death.
Old people don't pay for bus tickets.
Nobody talked about the movie.
You can guess the protagonist's fate.
I did it so good that I came out in the newspapers.
Shut up! Don't bring that matter up!
I don't want to bring the matter of his death up.
I'd like to get some hints, if possible.
If you don't want to bring that matter up, I'll try to understand you.
Ask if someone wants to talk about the accident.
Maria says she wants to become a model, but she knows very little about fashion.
The team needs more skillful players.
Why don't you ever want to talk about the past?
It's a pity that he had died so young.
Even though I know so little about her, I think I'm in love.
In that interview, Antonio talks about his son that died a few years ago.
"He has so much money that he doesn't know how to spend it." "I wish I was in such a situation... I would know how to spend it."
We study a species of poisonous frog very similar to a stone.
Some precious stones are very similar to gold.
Never had I seen such evil in a single heart!
In a similar situation, I'd do the same.
All at once, I was forced to take an attitude that would change my life forever.
There is nothing to regret about.
This guide book is about São Paulo city.
This is a business paper.
This book is about education.
A language is not something you learn all at once.
We want to buy a house, but we need to save money for that.
Maria knows very little about economy.
If you still don't know about the project, enter to our site for more information.
I got a call about the news, then all of the sudden the entire neighborhood knew about it.
I didn't sleep well at all tonight.
Jack White and Karen Elson are divorced.
I met him on the streets by chance after many years.
I can't open this message. A virus, maybe?
That scientist is responsible for many discoveries.
Now it's time for you to change your habits.
My husband tells me feminist, but he is too sexist.
How many chemical elements compose water?
How many beer cans did he drink?
Our house's roof is on fire!
That word can't be found in such an incomplete dictionary as this.
You aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small.
We saw a flying saucer.
A flying saucer came and took my cows away.
And where are the aliens, the flying saucers, and the laser guns?
It's her favorite Italian word.
It's his favorite Italian word.
We're having a short maintenance break, we'll be back shortly!
"How many times a week do you play tennis?" "I play tennis three times a week."
How many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children?
How much time every week do you spend doing fun stuff with your children?
I hate snow!
It was all so perfect!
I am most grateful to you for such an enjoyable evening.
Finally, it's snowing!
I'm excited to try my new pillow!
It's in English.
Tatoeba doesn't have all the languages that I need.
You can count on me to be there by 10:00.
If you aren't there by 10:00, we'll leave without you.
Tom is always in bed by 10:00.
I swear, I didn't do anything.
The highway went on in a large curve.
Elena is the tallest girl in the class.
Put all the boxes in their place.
Legend has it that America was discovered by Christopher Columbus.
Now I speak.
I want to see it with my own eyes.
I haven't told him anything.
You keep calling me all day to talk nonsense.
Do you have another one for me?
He's a beat officer.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius at sea level.
I can't stay with my arms crossed!
I want to eat something Korean.
The killers are running away!
My sister always chooses the bigger one.
Who will score the first goal tonight?
Tom gave Mary a driving lesson.
The skyscraper is in the downtown.
He was just a lewd old man.
That was a phenomenal play.
My questions concern the phenomenal world.
She's on the piss again.
I refrained from voting.
Saints are always depicted with a halo over their heads.
The survey revealed that most pregnant women prefer girls.
He always finds the way out in everything.
I wish I were by your side!
I'm invited to a party tonight.
I can't calculate as fast as he.
You are too skinny!
My jaw hurts.
Cut off that curl!
If you feel threatened, don't hesitate in coming to my house.
It's impossible to translate this sentence without a dictionary.
"Are you calling me a thief?" "Yes, exactly."
He came home when were about to head out.
"Is that what you wanted to tell me?" "Yes, that's exactly it."
Your wife teaches me Italian.
This magazine is available in any big city in Japan.
Times change.
Pedro, how many languages do you know?
If you buy a new car, what will you do with the old one?
More than 20% of the population owns a car.
My most recent hobby is contributing to Tatoeba.
Times are changing.
I wouldn't go there so long as I could.
We wouldn't say anything even under torture.
They would tell us if they knew of anything.
My cousin is a junkie.
We made good business today.
My cousin is hooked on smack.
Those folks are insane!
Lend me your dog.
I never want to make you angry.
Your Irish temper scares me.
You make it fun to come to work.
What kind of inhaler do you use?
Football is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Dutch people can speak many languages.
This sentence can be translated to Arabic in many ways.
Robin is really adorable when he sleeps.
Why are you so ugly?
What kind of person looks up to a genocide and calls it a hero?
How to use a router to limit network speed ?
I'm a genetically modified organism.
A big day awaits us.
I won't forget that.
A penguin is a bird that cannot fly.
Flowers are the earth's smile.
A man can't always be a hero, but he can always be a man.
Nobody likes impolite salesmen.
All this happens within miliseconds.
That song hunted me for years.
The accused is innocent until proven guilty.
Everybody knows she can speak English well.
Would you like to have a cup of coffee?
Would you like to have another beer?
Would you like some chocolate ice cream?
Would you like some help?
When I had five hens, on the average I'd get three eggs a day.
An insurance claim is a demand made by the insured for payment of the benefits as provided by the policy.
Don't believe people who claim that they know everything.
You are way too intelligent to think you'd be smarter than me.
Smoking is strictly forbidden.
Neither God nor Master.
You shouldn't accept sweets from strangers.
I need to buy food, but I don't have enough money.
Do you want to be my friend?
He's got a crush on her.
You're a two-faced, conniving git.
Actually, Maria is a modern young woman, however, she is as superstitious as my grandmother.
A leopard never changes its spots.
She had suffered a heart attack.
It took us two hours to get to Athens.
People gratuitously making a fool out of themselves is a consequence of a pluralistic and permissive society.
According to Leucippus and Democritus, the atom would be indivisible. Today we know that is not true.
With all due respect, Mr. President, you are an asshole!
And yet this is sheer hard work.
Tom is barechested.
Tom is shirtless.
Tom and Mary are playing beach volleyball.
You definitely can't compare Marseilles and Lyons.
Much sooner than you think.
Even though she was invited, she didn't go to watch the World Cup.
Hanako likes cake a lot.
Hanako really likes cake.
It was this hospital that I visited last month.
He was very anxious on the eve of the exam.
Holy shit!
I love it when they leave the curtains open.
He went out in spite of the storm.
I love you more than I can say.
Who will put a bell on the cat's collar?
Have you already told Tom about what happened to Mary?
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Tom never told Mary how much he loved her.
Tom never thought Mary would ever actually graduate from college.
What's the most important in life?
Please don't forget to put the letter into the mailbox.
She's afraid of getting sick again.
She's three years older than me.
She's three years older than I am.
John is two years older than me.
John is two years older than I am.
He's two years older than I am.
She's two years older than I am.
Some people seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
There are people who seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
I was born the year the war ended.
I'm excited.
If I do not get the item this week, I will make a complaint to PayPal.
Send me the tracking number please.
I will post lots of pictures, so it will be like you were there with me.
Eat snow.
He admired her.
I take a bath every morning in the summer.
I hear that she's in the hospital now.
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.
My daughter is in the hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
Next Monday, she'll have been in the hospital for a month.
My father has been in the hospital for two months.
I hear that his father is in the hospital now.
They say that he was in the hospital at that time.
They say that he was in the hospital in those days.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
It never occurred to me that she was sick in the hospital.
It never occurred to me that she was sick and in the hospital.
I think she was planning to go visit her mother in the hospital.
I think she was planning to go visit her mother who is in the hospital.
She regained consciousness in the hospital.
Her illness kept her in the hospital for six weeks.
She was in the hospital for six weeks because she was sick.
She was in the hospital for six weeks because of her illness.
Her illness kept her from attending the party.
Illness kept him from attending the party.
He couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
I couldn't attend that party because I was sick.
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He was very worried about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
My father visited my uncle in the hospital.
I'm on my way to visit a friend in the hospital.
I'm on my way to visit a friend who's in the hospital.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in the hospital.
My father used to read to me at bedtime.
My father used to read me bedtime stories.
My father used to read books to me at bedtime.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
The teacher was about to finish the useless discussion, when his face was hit by a blow from a pupil's fist.
I wasn't able to remember the title of that song.
I couldn't remember the title of that song.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember that song's title.
All the drowsy recuperation in my brain burned off like morning mist.
In Sendai, we have a lot of rain in July.
In Sendai, we have lots of rain in July.
It's cheaper to order things by the dozen.
It's cheaper if you order these by the dozen.
Which reminds me, it's been more than 30 years since that incident.
Tell me where you've been.
It's not clear when he came here.
It's said that he knows the secret.
They say that he knows the secret.
It isn't easy to understand his ideas.
It's not easy to understand his ideas.
It's difficult to understand his ideas.
It's hard to understand his ideas.
Compared to you, I'm just a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Since it was so hot, we went swimming.
We'll be starting college next year.
I didn't even receive one letter from her.
I didn't even get one letter from her.
I didn't get even one letter from her.
That chicken hasn't laid any eggs lately.
That chicken hasn't laid any eggs recently.
The vase that he broke is my aunt's.
Schools are closed.
There's hardly any water in the bucket.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
Act like a man.
You said she was kind and she certainly is, isn't she?
You told us she was kind and she really is.
You should be careful not to become overconfident.
I've wanted to meet him for a long time.
His rudeness made me angry.
You can trust him. He'll never betray you.
Tom smokes like a chimney.
My sister will get married early next year.
Please tell me where I can read a book.
She changed her schedule to match his.
He had reckoned without his host.
The ticket is good for three days.
Their lifestyle is different from ours.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
I'm going to Mainz and then to Cologne next year.
I was your age.
I heard various opinions.
With these stupid attitudes, Maria only proves her own arrogance.
With these stupid attitudes, Maria doesn't do more than proving her own arrogance.
I can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Let's mosey on down to the river.
You should not name your baby Barack. Every Tom, Dick and Harry is named Barack.
Why can't I remember the name of the girl I'm trying to forget?
No, Private Jackson, in this army we don't allow unlisted serial numbers.
If you can't get a lawyer who knows the law, get one who knows the judge.
When Aunt Mary passed away without making a will, her death was a total loss.
I'm a bit drunk. I think I should stop drinking now.
I don't remember having heard of her.
She went upstairs.
I have the right to say what I think.
Let's go straight to the beach.
We took her straight to the clinic as soon as she fainted.
How much is four times six?
I don't sleep anymore.
We are not the only ones who believe that he is not guilty.
We are not the only ones to believe that he is not guilty.
We are not the only ones who believe that he is innocent.
Look, he's coming.
You really suck.
John Locke, the well-known philosopher of freedom, was a shareholder of the Royal African Company, which bought and sold slaves.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
She's good in bed.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
We can't live on 150,000 yen a month.
We all want to be happy.
We were totally exhausted from the five-hour trip.
We were completely exhausted from the five-hour trip.
We were very tired from the five-hour trip.
We were dead tired from the five-hour trip.
I love my friends.
I don't plan to hang out tonight. I need to prepare for my lessons.
Philanthropy is commendable, but it must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make philanthropy necessary.
I want to join you for bouldering tomorrow.
This is crazy.
That is insane.
He wasn't stupid enough to talk about that while she was around.
He wasn't so stupid that he talked about that in her presence.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
We are collecting sentences and their translations into other languages.
We found out that what he said wasn't true.
You can't imagine how happy she was.
You can't make bricks without straw.
Bricks can't be made without straw.
You can't prevent him from drinking.
I was very tired so I went to bed early.
No country can match France's good quality wine.
When it comes to good quality wine, no country can rival France.
That's his private website.
We are collecting sentences and their translations in other languages.
We translate sentences into other languages.
The lights turned off.
How long have you been teaching Spanish?
Coca-Cola invented Fanta, in the middle of the Second World War, for the German market.
Who invented the piano?
Chicken Tikka Massala is now a true British national dish, not only because it is the most popular, but because it is a perfect illustration of the way Britain absorbs and adapts external influences. Chicken Tikka is an Indian dish. The Massala sauce was added to satisfy the desire of British people to have their meat served in gravy.
Which did you eat, fish or meat?
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world.
He spoke with a typical Texan drawl.
I'll be back before you know it.
If you tell a lie enough times, you begin to believe it.
He was spreading mulch in the flower beds.
I wish we could have met under better circumstances.
These items must be returned to their rightful owner.
Rigor mortis sets in soon after death.
These dastardly acts will not go unpunished.
Her life has all the trappings of privilege.
He struck up friendships with the most unlikely people.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
Wealthy older men often marry younger trophy wives.
They arrived late because of the storm.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another one.
I don't like this shirt. Please show me another one.
Why don't you go home?
It's a very sad story.
Do you go running every day?
I don't like traveling all that much.
I won't be here tomorrow.
My life is empty without him.
I have no idea who she is.
Japan is in Asia.
She needed the entire afternoon to complete the work.
I think the jokes that Tom tells are funnier than the ones Mary tells.
My dog is on heat.
My dog is pregnant.
I dyed my hair red.
I dyed my hair blonde.
The drivers are at the starting line and raring to go!
My brother is a freshman.
She likes swimming in summer.
I'm not allowed to drink alcohol.
One shouldn't wonder about that as that was to be expected.
My wife wants to adopt a child.
Can you teach me English?
Will you watch the superbowl?
Tom will watch the superbowl with Mary.
Who will win the XLVI Superbowl? The Giants or the Patriots?
Who will win the XLVI Superbowl? The New York Giants or the New England Patriots?
The building burst into flames.
It's better than the movie.
There's a big hole.
Tom is a badass.
Tom is very excited.
Tom is a golden boy.
That's completely verboten.
Tom is a voyeur.
Tom is a Peeping Tom.
The weather is fine today!
Little Zhang is a good guy!
Don't let this opportunity slip away!
Don't miss the train this afternoon!
French poet, Alcanter de Brahm, proposed the irony mark (؟) towards the end of the 19th century to indicate a sentence which should be understood as ironic or sarcastic.
When people use the word "ironic", they may mean "comically incongruous".
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
He'll run out of luck sooner or later.
Evildoers always think the worst of others.
Call a spade a spade.
He arse-licks his boss.
He sucks up to his boss.
I envy her.
He asked me whether I had slept well last night.
Where is this guy going?
The boy is nice.
Until 1986, in the schools of England, it was legal to punish children with belts, sticks, and clubs.
To philosophise is to learn how to die.
Today is Friday, yesterday was Thursday, tomorrow is Saturday and then comes Sunday.
In 1493, the Vatican gave America to Spain and granted Africa to Portugal, "so that barbarous nations be reduced to the Catholic faith".
Speaking of genocide, today is Columbus Day.
I don't understand how he can speak with a cigarette in his mouth.
The first drink is on me!
That's the bare minimum.
Tom is a legend.
Tom is legendary.
Tom is a realtor.
Tom doesn't have flood insurance.
Your ticket, please.
I have a weak bladder.
Tom still calls French fries Freedom fries.
Tom's house was destroyed by a hurricane.
Tom's house was destroyed by a tornado.
Don't eat the yellow snow.
Tom had a splenectomy.
Tom's best friend is a mouse named Jerry.
What gives?
When he was 15, he ran away from home.
Tom has lost his mind.
Thanks for listening.
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.
Mary is not a huge football fan.
Not so fast, young lady!
The money disappeared.
No one in their right mind would do this.
Tomorrow, I will eat strawberry cake and pizza with my boyfriend.
A biodiversity sanctuary in Brazil called The Pantanal is threatened by deforestation.
This is a picture of the first house we lived in.
Snow prevented the transport in high places of the country.
I ran in order to make it on time.
I'll miss her forever.
Ali learnt the Persian language to be able to read the The Mathnawi of Jalaluddin Rumi in original text.
The world lost its best person today.
Her father warned her: "Don't speak to him".
He wants to apply for JSA.
He wants to apply for Jobseeker's Allowance.
Unity is better than money.
The festival sold out within two hours.
Why do the largest banks need the biggest bailout?
I hope you are not thinking it is my fault.
Tom is the leader.
The Belo Monte dam in Brazil is a controversial project because of its impact on the environment and native people.
School begins on the eighth of April.
School begins on the April 8th.
I don't know how he can speak without taking the cigarette out of his mouth.
I didn't tell you anything.
Who told you I was talking about you?
I go right home after work.
I go home right after work.
Your room number, please.
May I have your room number?
Could you please tell me your room number?
The professor calmly washed his hands.
He doesn't need to get up so early.
My mother's bad mood is transient.
Hello, I am Bashir.
I know that you can understand me!
I fell in love at the first glance.
Judging from what everyone says, it's the truth.
He has run out of energy.
I finished the job yesterday.
My father had me wash the car.
My father got me to wash the car.
In the summer, it's very humid.
It is very hot here in the summer.
I've scolded him many times.
Two standard dice have a total of 42 pips.
Craps is a game of chance played with dice.
Many games use dice as a random number generator.
Boggle is a game that uses dice with letters instead of numbers.
Dice have differences in design in different cultures.
Some games use a die numbered up to 100.
The drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club.
Tom has a high threshold for pain.
Vampires cannot cross the threshold of a house without having been invited.
The threshold of a door is akin to the sill of a window, but it is exactly the same as the sill of a door.
He is one of the most hilarious comedians.
Vulgarity can be a source of hilarity.
Breathing is an involuntary bodily process.
Tom was involuntarily conscripted into the military.
Insurance protects against unforeseen predicaments.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, our trip to the mountains this weekend will be cancelled.
After receiving a hefty blow to the head, the man spoke only gibberish.
The man ran into the room wearing a boot on his head, shouted a bunch of gibberish, and promptly exited.
Many revolutionaries have been beheaded at the axe of a guillotine.
Antoine Louis invented the guillotine, which was, however, named after Dr. Joseph-Ignace Guillotin.
The production was believed to be jinxed as every actor playing the lead role has fallen ill.
The term "Siamese twins" comes from two conjoined twins from Siam who travelled with P.T. Barnum's circus.
Siamese cats are known to be extroverts.
Only the most impeccable dishes are served to the royal family.
A rogue asteroid from the Kuiper Belt is on a collision course with the Earth.
I'm so excited I can hardly wait!
There isn't anything mankind can do about it.
The marmot is immortal.
I've missed another chance.
Muiriel has turned twenty.
Tom never admits he's wrong even when he knows he is.
Tom has trouble admitting that he's wrong.
Traveling is easy these days.
I went to China two years ago.
We'd better cancel the hike.
We learn a lot from experience.
All of us students like baseball.
Since I got married, I've quit working.
You should have a doctor look at that.
Your new client has just sent you a message.
Did you receive the message I sent you yesterday?
What a strange message! There is no sender and no recipients either.
Your birthday is coming soon.
He has sent you a new message.
The message you sent this morning hasn't been received yet.
Close the window before you leave.
I asked my boss for a pay raise.
I explained the procedures to him.
I explained the procedure to him.
I've seen a lot of him recently.
Tom bought a gift for Mary.
My cat had a fight with another cat.
This house is haunted.
The cowboy quickly jumped out the window.
When do you go on holiday?
When do you go on vacation?
Russia is big.
In those days, I played tennis with Jeanette every day.
Mr. Hashimoto started the engine.
Why did you become a teacher?
I don't understand what he wants.
What should I do in order to save time?
What should I do to save time?
What should I do in order to spare time?
It was already very late.
"I love you" is the title of the majority of songs that anybody sings in their life.
I've got used to going to bed early.
We should settle things once and for all.
I am working full-time at a bookshop until the end of September.
Do you happen to know any Professor Braun?
He got off because of the statute of limitations.
Books are my best friends.
I have taken food.
There are two types of people: those who know how to write "Libya", and those who don't know that.
Voilà! Case resolved!
That is a brilliant idea that will enable us to dedicate our undivided attention to the work again.
Red is better.
This artist died young.
I'll now watch the news on TV.
Molière was born in 1622.
Candidness and transparency, information and communication are the basis of mutual trust.
Is your father in the garden?
The days are longer than the nights.
What do carpenters eat?
Kiev is Ukraine's capital city.
People from Santiago aren't as kind as the rest of the Chileans.
One minute has sixty seconds.
People from Santiago are not as pleasant as the rest of the Chileans.
It is known that Siamese cats are extrovert.
We must follow the rules.
We must obey the rules.
We have to obey the rules.
We have to follow the regulations.
We must follow the regulations.
Please don't make so much noise. I'm trying to study.
Have you seen the new science fiction movie from Steven Spielberg?
My hobby is languages.
You don't have to feel bad for that.
Is this even real?
His book inspired me.
Where have you been yesterday?
The frogman jumped into the canal.
The banshee let out a blood-curdling scream.
Tom is working on a conlang.
I'm poor, and I can't buy it.
I wish I was like him.
Only time will give the answer.
You did not answer my question.
You know I love you!
Are you coming?
Last year is gone already.
You are always welcome.
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
Living in Japan is very expensive.
Lake Titicaca, the biggest lake in South America, is in Peru.
I don't believe you. You're always lying.
At first, I thought I was sick.
At first, I thought he was sick.
At first, I thought she was sick.
Some say he lost, others say he won, but that's not the point.
The rose is pink.
Linux Deepin is another wonderful Linux distribution.
I've been a teacher for two years.
Did you taste the rice?
You just had a holiday.
They chose him as their representative.
It's expensive to modernize a city.
Father, where are you?
The house fell down a week later.
The bus went over the cliff.
I was in the hospital a few days ago.
In case of a fire, use the stairs.
Mr. Smith studied Chinese history.
There was a lot of food in the house.
There was lots of food in the house.
The king has reigned over the country for many years.
How are you going?
I heard John speak to Mr. Brown.
It was Mr. White that gave Joe this ticket.
Is Mr. Schmidt at home now?
This is the letter written by Mr. Brown.
This movie is a tour de force.
He has a lot of money, but has almost no friends.
I'll have her come here.
I'll get her to come here.
Each person paid $7,000.
Why did he come here?
Please let me drive your new Toyota.
Please let me drive your new Toyota, too.
What am I supposed to do with that?
In the summer, we enjoy outdoor sports.
She got married at seventeen.
I'll go to France to study painting.
The roof leaks every time it rains.
I'm not as intelligent as he is.
I'm not as intelligent as him.
Mrs. Ogawa is really good at tennis.
I want to go to Hawaii next spring.
I lost my children in the crowd that awaited the last ship for freedom.
I just like singing!
I'll stay here until you return.
His face is his fortune.
Say something about this.
What's the best way to stop your children becoming atheists?
Mary's favorite movie is The Princess Bride.
Tom's favorite movie is Dumbo.
Hurry up and go to bed.
The mall is deserted.
Tom often goes there to play chess.
Call the manager.
Get back to work.
Mary has a tramp stamp.
Mary has a lower back tattoo.
The world's first parking meter was installed in Oklahoma City in 1935.
Let's wait here.
Tom was promoted to foreman.
Mary slapped me.
Tom is having lunch with the police chief.
We don't know much about him.
This is the HD version.
Tom has a Blu-ray player.
Tom uses his Playstation 3 as a Blu-ray player.
This TV supports 1080p.
Mary saw Tom exiting the hotel with Conchita.
He's very interested in Japanese.
Tom has a cleft lip.
Don't be so careless!
Many people envy Tom's success.
Keep an eye on him.
The Seattle-based outfit plays indie rock and electronic music.
In the summer, people go to the beach.
Mary took the "morning after" pill.
Mary is sexually active.
I've only used it once.
Tom has disappeared.
Tom has gambling debts.
This isn't blood. It's just red paint.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
Tom avenged Mary's death.
Night is when most people sleep.
Mary has huge tits.
My mom told me not to get into trouble.
Tom's in the construction business.
Once you cross the river, you'll be safe.
Tom freed the bird.
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.
Tom passed away recently.
They want me to sell the restaurant.
Tom is a thug.
Look on me, and do likewise.
Tiberio took a stroll on the beach.
I wrote a thousand sentences!
I can't play the electric guitar.
I am confused.
He says he met my father.
Victory is possible, though unlikely.
I bought the black bike instead of the red one.
I do all the work.
I did all the work.
The ice will crack under your weight.
As heavy as you are, the ice will break.
The children have gone to school already.
Smoke poured out of the chimney.
I suspect that Tom did that just to get some attention.
I suspect that Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
I suspect that Tom is in love with Mary.
I know that it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
We camped on the side of the lake.
My hobby is weight lifting.
It's always good to have several irons in the fire.
When you think about it for a minute.
When you think about it that doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee?
Look at how long they are!
He is saving money in order to go to university.
Nobody can live to be two hundred years old.
His new novel has become a best-seller.
And now what would you like to do?
This is a lemon tree.
There are many shantytowns in Mexico.
What promotions do you have?
My mother made me a coffee and then went out in time to catch the bus.
Do you know of any cheap shops?
I went on holiday abroad.
What would you do if this guy passed you on the street?
He was sitting beside his brother.
He was sitting side by side with his brother.
It satisfies every time.
I've not seen him often at school.
I've not seen her often at school.
Many people are alive because it's illegal to shoot them.
You should be studying.
To cross the river, you can use a boat or the bridge.
Allan is a poet.
I suggest we stay home and watch television.
There are only a few mistakes, or perhaps none at all.
Do you know how to solve this mystery?
Are you going to come visit me?
The frequency of earthquakes lately is worrying.
She put me in a delicate situation.
This glass of beer is almost bigger than you.
It's a common vice.
It's a vice.
If you had called me, I would have come to help you.
She read the poem out loud.
What kind of vapid comments will I get on this sentence?
In the countryside, everybody used to breed chicken and rabbits.
I just don't know how I will be able to meet all my deadlines!
I can't drink coffee without sugar.
An old friend came to my house for a visit.
Don't say anything to anybody.
We haven't seen him since that time.
We haven't seen him since then.
I haven't seen him since that time.
I haven't heard from her since then.
We haven't heard from her since then.
Those hens lay eggs almost every day.
Who did you vote for and where do you live?
If you may come to our house for Christmas ? I don't know, I'll mention it to my wife and I'll tell you.
Almost no girls play video games.
"Do you want to go to the dance with me?" "I'm really sorry, but I can't."
"Do you want to go to the ball with me?" "I'm really sorry, but I can't."
Are you reading "The Count of Monte Cristo"?
Today is a nice day for a picnic, I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what, if I can get my work done, I'll come out tonight.
I have plans to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
How many times an hour do the buses here leave?
About how many times an hour do these buses leave?
My older brother is really tall. He's about 180 centimeters.
I can't promise you anything.
The boy carved his name in the tree.
Tony carved his name in a tree with a knife.
This computer is better than that one.
Truer words were never spoken.
There were once upon a time a poor man and a rich woman.
Once upon a time there were a poor man and a rich woman.
There were once a poor man and a rich woman.
I'm looking for a place to sleep.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
I don't want to do this anymore.
Can you call my mom, please?
He's circling the drain.
I'll stay for three more days.
We yelled at her to be careful.
I go for a run every day.
There are five patients in the waiting room.
When are you planning to get married?
I can't see anything because the whole place is dark.
Yesterday, he told me the truth.
He must not find out the truth.
Please don't forget to write the letter.
My father has recently come back to Japan.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
You should not interrupt when someone is talking to someone else.
I'm not at all hungry.
I'm not even a little hungry.
My father is so busy that he cannot even take a walk.
It is forbidden for you to touch that switch.
Thanks to him giving me a hand, I was able to finish the work.
She has the advantage of beauty.
The eyepatch is annoying and I have no rum, ship, parrot and have not found any hidden treasures or booty yet.
So far, I have found that being a pirate sucks.
The sea after the storm was calm.
He avoided talking about the part which concerned him.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt her.
Don't hurt him.
I'm free all afternoon on February 27th.
Whenever I meet her, I get the desire to kiss her.
Have you seen this already?
I want you to be by my side.
I have to go to the toilet.
I must go to the toilet.
They are funny.
Our dog buries bones in the garden.
Our dog buries bones in the yard.
I'm sorry, but could you move over a bit so I have room to sit?
I hate to trouble you, but could you move over a bit so there's room for someone else to sit?
The bank has loaned the company $1,000,000.
The movie wasn't as funny as the book.
The movie wasn't as interesting as the book.
There's lots of rain all year.
There's a lot of rain all the year round.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
I'll miss you after you've gone.
After you leave, we'll be very sad.
It'll be really lonely without you.
We should leave here as soon as possible.
We should get away from here as quickly as we can.
Well, at least let me set the table.
At least let me help set the table.
You can't pull the wool over my eyes.
Are you going to the tennis court?
Cats have pointed ears.
Who do you want to pass this good news along to?
This sentence is very easy to translate.
Could you put this bag somewhere else?
Pierre dealt cards to all the players.
Did you feel the earthquake last night?
There's too much sugar in the coffee.
I bought two pairs of pants.
I'm coming in July.
During the winter, I sleep with two quilts.
My boycott of Italian television starts now.
Today I decided to learn Esperanto.
It's me, open the door.
My father lives in a squat.
There is also quite some activity here behind the scenes.
If I'm late, I'll be scolded.
Is Mr. Nakamura at home?
An old man entered the old church with his elder son, his younger daughter and her little baby.
When did Mr. Suzuki leave Japan?
Mr. Suzuki is a great scientist.
That's the spirit, Mr. Suzuki.
Ping pong is also called table tennis.
John might know something about Mr. Black.
I was late because I was sure that the lessons started later.
I have a question for the experts on Dostoyevsky's work.
Today's low was 3 degrees Celsius.
It's no use waiting for him to come.
My father gestured with his hand for me to leave the room.
My mother was busy cooking dinner.
Don't change horses in midstream.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
One of my parents has to go to the meeting.
Good words are worth a lot, but cost almost nothing.
She keeps complaining that she has no time.
She keeps complaining that she doesn't have time.
Since I'd never met her before, I didn't know her.
Most of, if not all, electronic and mechanical devices on airplanes are redundant in order to prevent failures.
All the hopes of the Belarusian people are set exclusively on the first President of the Republic of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, and his son Kolya.
If it snows a lot tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
Many things have changed in the last five years.
She was born in America.
At a young age, I had to learn to fend for myself.
I can attest to everything she just said.
What kind of deodorant do you prefer, spray or roll-on?
The back wheels on that tractor have ball bearings the size of my fist.
The marauders laid waste to the town and surrounding villages.
I hope that my car doesn't break down, and that I arrive at yours on time.
Not so fast!
Breathing is generally overrated.
He comes from Wales.
The Irishman blinked.
I'm glad that you have a boyfriend.
I was not aware of this.
The electricity has been off since this morning.
The power has been off since this morning.
He'll almost certainly telephone tonight.
We'll get a phone call from him tonight for sure.
Tom doesn't trust the police.
Mary is a police officer.
I'm glad that I'm not paying.
It started raining as soon as we got home.
Doctor, I have memory problems.
Tom and Mary are very hungry.
There could be a kernel of truth behind this legend.
Mary and Tom came to wave us good-bye at the train station.
Mary and her family came to the railway station to see us off.
Mary and her family came to the railroad station to see us off.
Mary and her family came to the train station to see us off.
Tom and Mary joined the navy.
I'm having a bad feeling.
I have a bad feeling.
It's sad to see Mary so unhappy.
I feel sorry for Tom.
Tom likes to listen to music from the eighties.
Tom is wearing a mask.
Mary almost beat Tom to death.
There's what I really wanted to see!
This is a Betamax cassette.
What you have is a common cold, not the flu.
Even after all my objections, she went home.
Even after all my objections, she rode home.
Indicate the correct option.
Mark the correct option.
After washing the dishes, I rinse them.
Don't leave them alone.
That book has a bunch of pages.
He gave me bread and milk.
Karl Valentin was a philosopher.
Did you read the book I gave you?
We celebrated Christmas with a familial lunch.
I love her, but she says ours is just friendship.
My sister is subscriber of a fashion magazine.
We are looking for theories with scientific grounds.
I have lots of friends I can talk things over with.
I have a lot of friends I can discuss things with.
Barely a third of the population in this country have access to the Internet.
She loves cake.
She likes cake a whole lot.
He doesn't love me anymore.
Last night, I dreamed about you.
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast and a glass of milk.
We all live in the same dormitory.
We all live in the same neighborhood.
We all live within a five minutes' walk from each other.
All of us live in the same neighborhood.
All of us live in the same dorm.
My wife told me to throw this old hat away.
I was very disappointed when I heard the news.
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.
Alain made a decision.
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
I was just about to go to bed when he phoned me.
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
I usually ride my bike on weekends.
You're such a tattletale.
Come inside. It's cold outside.
They talked from 8 until 10.
He is precisely the man we're looking for.
An egg is a cell.
My grandfather has retired because he's grown old.
You can't win an argument with an idiot.
We're lucky that the weather is so nice.
The sun set, so they quit work.
The sun went down, so they quit working.
Since the sun had set, we all headed home.
Not only does he speak French, he can also speak English.
Wang Xiaoming speaks English, but doesn't have a lot of English books.
The boy came back.
If you are one of those who love to translate, Tatoeba is the right place for you.
I read the Bible in order to learn Esperanto.
You can regard love as a more intense than usual kind of affection.
Paul came to Rome to greet me.
The boy lost his ear in a street fight.
Maybe we can talk.
We fix all kinds of clocks here.
We are forty kilometers away from the capital city.
They are still looking for the criminal.
If you didn't exist, you would have to be invented.
The island is a tiny piece of land in the middle of the Atlantic.
Living beings from the past were very different from today's.
It is possible to determine a rock's age thanks to radioactive elements.
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.
You're too young to have alcohol.
If I were you, I would also do the same.
In India many girls are named "Nakusa" or "Nakushi", which in Hindi means "unwanted".
To hear him talk, you might think he's a girl.
A man as diligent as he is, is sure to succeed.
In spite of the fact that he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
Even though he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
I heard that he passed the exam.
Her older brother is two years older than I.
Do you like the frame on this painting?
Most of them were college students.
Most of them were university students.
When she entered the kitchen, no one was there.
She went into the kitchen to see who was there, but there was nobody there.
There are still uncivilized lands.
They go to church on Sundays.
Women's faces are often more beautiful when they take their clothes off, for they then stop thinking about their external appearance.
The teacher, without hearing the bell, didn't stop talking.
The girl answered: "Yes, auntie, I'll eat them both."
Do people ever pick your brains?
Politics is dirty.
She spends most of her money on clothes.
Except for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
Even smart people are sometimes absent-minded.
Even intelligent people are sometimes absent-minded.
My parents told me we should respect the elderly.
This saying suddenly became popular.
Good quality fruit is scarce in the winter and it costs a lot.
Press the green button. If you do so, the light will go on.
Push the green button and the light will go on.
There's a meeting going on in the next room.
Will it be love?
Which are the favorite questions?
How is the exam?
This saying became popular overnight.
How's the exam?
Please feel free to eat anything in the fridge.
Please feel free to help yourself to anything in the fridge.
Mr. Suzuki was giving a speech that afternoon.
Every day I come to university by bus.
I heard that there was a strange virus in circulation.
The train left at exactly five o'clock.
A child is afraid of the dark.
The child is afraid of the dark.
What do you want to do to her?
I'm interested in why bears are important to Lojbanists.
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.
I want to clean the house before my parents come.
The cow moos, the rooster crows, the pig oinks, the duck quacks, and the cat meows.
I'm already able to write Chinese characters.
I am already able to write Chinese characters.
We would have been more careful.
This land belongs to Mr. Ikeda.
What was the last concert you went to?
If your schedule permits, let’s tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm.
Mary lied about her age.
We cannot appreciate Vesalius's achievement without first referring to the scriptures of Galenus.
Tom can bench press 2000 pounds. Or is that 200 pounds?
Unemployment is rising.
Did Mary really die? Or is that a rumor?
Tom is a plastic surgeon.
"You broke my heart", said Mary.
It's very easy to become a member in this library.
If you eat too much you will get fat.
If you eat too much you will become fat.
Is that for sale?
Tom takes steroids.
Many stars shine in the heavens.
The so-called expert was just bulging with misinformation about the new product.
Sperm bank regulations restrict a given donor to making sperm donations at only one facility and restrict the number of children that each donor can "father".
Sperm banks perform screenings on the donors to reduce the chance of their passing on genetic and infectious diseases.
At sperm banks, women seeking insemination can choose their donor based on age, height, weight and other physical features, or even by donor's country of origin and astrological sign.
The recent "Newton Project" digitized all of his manuscripts, so it is now possible to read what he wrote in his own handwriting.
Contrary to Newton's public image, most of his work was not devoted to science but rather to theology, mysticism and alchemy.
The "Newton Project" collection contains maps that Newton drafted about mythical events of the end of days.
I have to choose between these two.
I have to choose between the two.
I stay with you.
The Prime Minister tried to convince his coalition partners to overhaul pensions.
They yomped through the mountains.
We didn't know which bus we should take.
The train was going 500 miles per hour.
The train was moving at 500 miles per hour.
This is my page on Facebook.
I sing Gypsy songs.
We'd love to perform at your conference.
The stone has a soul since it moves iron.
Please change the sentence.
Magnetism is the science of the properties of magnets.
Sparta always leaned toward war, Athens, toward politics.
I leaned to see if there was water and fell down the well.
Vegetables slowly lean towards the light.
Tom will twist the truth and distort reality in order to achieve his goals.
We are committed to our country's welfare.
Tom was the victim of an extortion attempt.
No matter how hard the training was, she never cried.
The hallway is slippery, so watch your step.
The President proposed a new plan.
Old people aren't always wiser than young people.
There's nothing I like as much as the smell of roses.
I made up my mind to do the work no matter how hard it might be.
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible.
Could you please show me a camera that's cheaper than this one?
Would you please show me a camera that is less expensive than this one?
One out of three people in this city owns a car.
When making a cake, you must use eggs, butter and sugar.
Our class reunion brought back old memories of when we were students.
It doesn't matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
No matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and was seriously injured.
Don't be discouraged just because you're not all that talented.
It was Mr. Smith that taught me how to use that machine.
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
I was about to leave my house when she called.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a phone call from her.
We talked in low voices so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We talked quietly so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We had a long discussion about what to do about it.
We were caught in a shower on our way home from school.
For me, there is nothing more fun to do than to talk with him.
There's nothing more fun for me to do than to talk with him.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983 and never came back.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983 and never returned.
I won't stop doing it!
What's your new telephone number?
I have to memorize a lot of passwords.
I have a lot of passwords to remember.
You arrived too early.
Make yourself a cup of hot tea.
This database contains many errors.
Yesterday we went to the cinema.
Yesterday we went to the movies.
Who should I be more annoyed with?
Charge your phone.
They are yellow.
Who you insured through?
He doesn't drink enough breast milk.
Drunk people are so entertaining.
Where programmers use semi-colons every day, the majority of people only use them in emoticons.
Papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed.
You'll have three relationships before you meet your true soulmate.
We heard a noise in the bedroom.
I like having breakfast with you.
Could you send it by email?
My mother is, without a doubt, the most important.
As soon as they have collected the necessary funds, they can restart their project.
Last night, I went to sleep in London.
Can you walk on stilts?
"Arbeit macht frei", meaning "Work sets you free", is a slogan placed, during the Holocaust, over the entrance to the Auschwitz extermination camp.
Copyright tip #1: Copyright protects the particular way authors have expressed themselves. It does not extend to any ideas, systems, or factual information conveyed in a work.
Copyright tip #2: The US copyright law lists purposes for which reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair - purposes like criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching and research.
Copyright tip #3: The US copyright law lists factors to be considered in determining whether or not a particular use is fair: 1) Commercial or nonprofit purpose; 2) The amount of work used; 3) The effect of use on the potential market.
Copyright tip #4: The safest course is always to get permission from the copyright owner. Acknowledging the source of the copyrighted material does not substitute for obtaining permission.
Copyright tip #5: The distinction between fair use and infringement may be unclear. Don't take any risk, consult an attorney.
Don't tell me fairy stories!
Fairy tales usually start with “once upon a time...” and end with “...and they lived happily ever after”.
Fairy tales usually begin with the sentence "Once upon a time" and end with "...and if they didn't die, then they still live today."
Both my father and my brother like gambling.
Please keep me informed about whatever happens in my absence.
I'll have to take over my father's business in the future.
I don't remember my grandmother's face exactly.
I was humiliated in public.
It doesn't matter whether I'm sleeping or awake, I'm always thinking about you.
The people of the village built a wooden bridge across the river.
Red meats are proteic foods.
A truck knocked over a light pole and a traffic light.
I already begun.
"Where are the books?" "They're on the desk."
She prated on and on about how ugly her split ends made her look.
Come enjoy the snow with me!
We are sorry for his wife!
We accepted him with our arms open wide.
The funeral parlor is next to the cemetery.
I feel your disgust on that one.
Please tell me how I can get in touch with her.
Thanks again for rescuing me, again.
You will miss me.
If he doesn't accept the job, someone else will.
If he doesn't accept the job, somebody else will.
You should do what I suggest.
You'd better do what I suggest.
I thought it was unusual that he was up so late at night.
I've never heard him complaining about his meals.
If it hadn't been for his help, I'd have failed.
His rude reply provoked her to slap his face.
Because of his impolite reply, she got angry and slapped his face.
In addition to being a doctor, he was a very famous novelist.
Not only was he a doctor, he was also a very famous novelist.
His mother said that he had been sick in bed for five weeks.
She swindled him.
He swindled him.
He just won't listen. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll be married.
In her notebook, she drew a copy of the picture that was in the book.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
After the operation I was happy, since I managed to eliminate the cancer.
If you get up early tomorrow, you can see the rising sun.
We plan to have a party for Mr. Oka next Sunday.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't leave port.
We had to stay home because of the storm.
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.
Seen from a distance, that rock looks like a human face.
I don't wash my hair in the morning.
I don't have money to buy a dictionary.
I am very sad today.
I'm looking forward to receiving a favorable answer from you.
I went there early to get a good seat.
I went there early so I could get a good seat.
I came early so I could get a good seat.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
When I opened the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
Did you know that?
It's only four minutes from here by train.
What else would you like to know?
The train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow.
The train was late because of an accident.
The train was delayed because of an accident.
As soon as he got off the train, he was met by his cousin.
The pain you go through because of love is by far sweeter than any other pleasure.
The pain caused by love is much sweeter than any pleasure.
Love is like the measles. We all have to go through it.
The couple carved their initials into the oak tree.
The couple carved their initials in an oak tree.
The couples carved their initials in oak trees.
The rooftop is durable and watertight.
It's been a long time since we've had such nice weather.
The lunch she brought to me was as delicious as I'd heard people say it would be.
You're preaching to the choir.
He went ten kilometers.
That's a rarity, however.
It started raining hard. Because of that, we played inside.
Because it started raining hard, we played indoors.
Artificial light is produced by electricity.
Since she doesn't want to put on any more weight, she doesn't eat cake.
She doesn't eat cake because she doesn't want to put on any more weight.
Paul is such a nice guy that everyone immediately likes him.
Is there any chance that Mr. Black will agree to the plan?
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
This is a proverb that I don't understand.
For one thing I don't have any money; for another, I don't have the time.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants increased rapidly.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants grew rapidly.
Japan has been sending athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
He whispered to me that he was hungry.
It will be scary.
He said he was already more than fifty years old, fifty five, to be precise.
The kids will love this video.
I left the country.
Can I come?
"Arbeit macht frei", meaning "Work sets you free", is a slogan posted during the Holocaust on the entrance to the Dachau extermination camp.
"Arbeit macht frei", meaning "Work sets you free", is a slogan posted during the Holocaust over the entrance to the Auschwitz extermination camp.
It's a quote from a book.
It's a quote from the book.
What can I say about him?
Pick one up while you can.
You are not the only one who is dead.
I'm used to eating alone.
I'm used to being ignored by my parents.
I'm used to living alone.
I'm used to sleeping in a tent.
Pets are a privilege, not a right!
Mine was a lie.
You should come, too.
Being a philologist, studying languages was necessary for his work.
I'll pop in tomorrow morning.
Starting next week, I'll be on the late shift.
Starting next week, I'll be working the late shift.
I hate snow and the carnival.
I've just published a new post on my blog.
These are the last tears.
I fell in love with a woman.
He writes articles for the local newspaper.
Reading is my passion.
Yesterday I spent the night in jail.
I love Alex Marcelo.
In which direction will Syria develop after the regime change?
The pride of New York are its museums.
Health is a treasure, the value of which is known only to the sick.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
The scientist participated in developing high-voltage switches, a key component crucial for setting off explosions needed to trigger nuclear warhead.
The Nobel Foundation manages the assets, made available through the will, for the awarding of the Nobel Prize in Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine, Literature, and Peace.
Hillary and Tenzing became, in 1955, the first to reach the summit of Mount Everest on the Nepal-Tibet border.
This sounds totally legit.
Even if I use both hands, I can't crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
The French president is scheduled to visit Japan next month.
My parents gave me a house when we got married.
There's not enough space here for 40 people.
You should go to school.
The tank is full.
He will be very busy next month.
For dessert, Tom ordered chocolate parfait with vanilla ice cream.
If I have time, I'll do it.
What is your favorite prayer?
My sister is a twenty-one years old college student.
I'd like three lumps of sugar in the milk.
Faith works miracles!
I would have been surprised if the translation had been "I hate... " :)
The doctor receives his patients between 3:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
If I had only known before!
He's a bad loser.
She's a bad loser.
The Dead Sea is a salt lake with the most saline water on earth.
The surface of the Dead Sea is about 400 meters below sea level, earth's lowest elevation on land.
The Jordan River is the only river flowing into the Dead Sea.
I feel old.
Smoking may be lethal.
Smoking may be fatal.
Smoking may be deadly.
Which of these items do you see on your desk?
Which of these items do you have on your desk?
The conference ended two hours ago.
What I feel cannot be described with words.
You are entirely correct.
The price of a litre of petrol has been increased by 12 rupees.
Do you have a shoe box where I can put these things?
We'll talk about that later.
What a boring film! Nothing ever happens!
After long thinking, she bought the house.
They say this fruit is good for your health.
"Is he lying?" "Obviously."
You need some cough syrup and aspirin.
This town is so small that you can easily learn everyone's names.
As you wake up, I won't be here anymore.
By the time I woke up, it was late already.
I don't get along with him.
Both the proof and solution are trivial.
I stay home alone while my parents are at work.
The boy knocked the glass over.
I have two children.
Look for the woman!
He was standing very close to me. It was disturbing.
That problem is not avoidable.
Why couldn't you come yesterday?
I will be right back!
Potatoes are cockroaches.
You have a beautiful name.
I would like to invite you to dinner.
She came here once again.
I sent you an e-mail.
I sent you an email.
This page intentionally left blank.
This page has been intentionally left blank.
If I were rich, I'd give you money.
The misfortune of the ants makes the elephants laugh.
Do not read during the meal.
This tradition arose in China.
I do not know what I will do.
Turkey is a beautiful country.
Come home at six.
They don't have resources.
Don't underestimate the problem.
They can't act.
They cannot act.
His life is a neverending race against time.
Are you saying that for real?
I'm getting used to eating alone.
There's no way I'll continue this conversation.
The kitten wants to sleep.
Everyone of us is responsible for their own conduct.
The French get rewards from the British film industry only when they shut up.
Books are my alternate reality.
This house is too small to live in.
This movie is worth watching.
Which one is mine?
I accept the challenge!
Esperanto will win.
My friends are amazing.
You can expect me tomorrow.
It depends on you.
It rained cats and dogs.
We must save electricity.
If you are wrong, then so am I.
Have you ever heard of something similar?
That is a serious oversight.
She spoke loud and clear.
I'm in the middle of a muddle.
I really have a great mess.
You have worked hard to succeed.
Had she known the results, she would have been shocked.
I don't know what I'll do.
From there I continued my way by foot.
He's dieting.
One has to do one's best in everything.
Don't do anything halfway.
Why didn't you tell me in advance?
There are always some chores to be done around the house.
I had barely gotten home when the storm broke out.
Please let me go home.
I tripped over the mat when I came in the house.
The summer had gone before I knew it.
Why do you try to run away?
She is much younger than Tom.
He is very young.
Are you thinking of going to university?
What is inside there?
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
We trade cars here.
I'll get my diploma in two years.
There are things you better don't know.
Please find the solution.
In a plain area, how many mass of soil should be removed to make a half hole?
The socks stink.
Three weeks went by.
Use the video to declare your love!
Have you ever been arrested?
Have any of your friends ever been arrested?
He asked me to read 5 poems.
She asked me to read 5 poems.
Has anyone in your family ever been arrested?
My driver's license expires at the end of this month.
I've just renewed my passport, so it's good for another ten years.
When I filled my tank with gasoline this morning, it cost ¥135 per liter which is $6.55 per gallon.
Rupture stress is much higher in the case of metals as it is for plastics.
I am very tired, but well.
There is a dog on the bridge.
I took the elevator down.
It's a good restaurant, but it's quite expensive.
In my city, there is no school for learning Esperanto.
Call a taxi to pick us.
It's more important what you are than what you have.
People used to think the Sun spins around the Earth.
They never returned to their country.
I can speak Spanish.
I'll come to you straight away.
No... I mean, yes.
The watch you gave me is behaving strangely.
She cannot persuade him to buy her a new car.
Around that time I was still doing a number of days overtime.
Until now I've never used an axe.
I almost understood the entire thing!
Complete the sentence.
Put the words in alphabetical order.
It rained.
Don't forget to bring your student ID.
Bring your student ID.
This guy sitting next to me on the train stinks!
That made me laugh.
You will suffer because of that.
You'll suffer because of that.
What language do they speak in the US?
What language is spoken in the USA?
The new phone book is here!
The new phone book has arrived!
I wish you good luck in the exam!
At that moment, everybody was staring at me and putting me under pressure, which just made me even more nervous.
In the meantime, we learnt from our mistakes.
Don't talk to him while he's driving.
Do a lot of people live in your town?
Shall I buy you a ticket for the concert?
They got onto the plane.
He has the same school qualifications as I have.
"I'll bring my dog along, so you can meet him." "What?! Don't you dare bring that animal here!"
You can't shake someone's hand with a clenched fist.
Calm down, and everything will be OK in the end.
The child was asleep in bed.
The little boy was asleep in his bed.
She laid her head on my chest so she could listen to my heartbeat.
The child has already gone to bed.
The boy has already gone to bed.
The kid has already gone to bed.
The weather was streaky.
In the end, Jane didn't buy it.
He skipped a year.
Since there wasn't any more room at the table, I had to eat standing up.
If men knew all that women thought, they'd be a thousand times more daring.
I am disappointed.
It was a beautiful summer, and the sky was always blue.
Would you wait a second?
When he received the letter, he fled to his parents'.
It was not my fault.
I dream of becoming a teacher.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Who watches the watchers?
If we carry on like this, we'll never get married.
What's your favourite TV programme?
Drinking warm milk before going to sleep helps you sleep well.
Yes, it did happen, but not in this year.
He made his intentions clear.
Tears ran down my cheeks.
My favourite word in German is the word for gloves: 'Handschuhe'.
What have I done with my keys?
He lives alone in his flat.
She was very worried about her husband's health.
The Sun is the star that's nearest to Earth.
The lilies of the valley will flower soon.
Hello. How can I help you?
As incredible as it may seem, she ordered a knuckle of ham with sauerkraut.
I hope that this letter finds you in perfect health.
German men go to the hairdresser more often than German women.
There are errors in this phone bill.
The first person to repeat that to my wife, I will strangle. Understood?
He spends in one day the money he has been saving for ten years.
My dad's free on Saturday.
Think about what you have forgotten!
The boy doesn't have very many playmates.
I want to pay it back to you.
One of the two of us has to do it.
Using the horn at night should be avoided. At night, flash the headlights instead.
The boy liked throwing eggs at people from the window of his flat.
You might need the calculator now.
At the party, everybody was well-dressed.
He fell head-first from the roof.
They made up an unlikely story.
"I didn't see that you were online." "Yes, I was in invisible-mode.'
I wanted to go to Belgium again, as long as the country was still there.
I'm sure of it.
But was he sitting next to you on the plane?
The weather here is the same as in France.
Take the table outside, please.
Women inspire us to do great things - and then stop us from doing them.
I've got nothing to do with it.
This forum is marvellous.
Everyone asks me what it's like to be colour-blind.
Austria is a parliamentary republic in mid-Europe and consists of nine Bundesländer.
The mischievous son loved his dad.
The enemy is eavesdropping!
Chemistry is an old science.
Lions are stronger than wolves.
Thomson found out that atoms are indivisible.
He told me the truth.
Will you tell me the truth?
Is this yours?
I won't pay my son's debts.
My God, how sad!
He's a scriptwriter.
The shopping center will be demolished.
How many characters are there in your story?
He writes scripts for TV shows.
I'm done. What's the next step?
It came out in the main newspapers in town.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
I was face to face with my parents' murder.
I admit it. I was wrong.
He lives in a big house.
He lives in a huge house.
They can speak English.
I have a round trip ticket to Tokyo.
He's teaching to the test.
Who wrote "The Prince"?
I hate getting up early.
If life turns its back on you...
He stole money from me.
Alice is sleeping in my room.
I love this mobile phone.
There are a lot of bridges in this city.
Thanks for the chocolate! I hope you enjoyed the pancakes, and I hope you had a great day as well.
I confirm you my presence.
You didn't come at night, you didn't appear during the day either. Do you think we're jacking off? No, we're fucking others!
We'd like a double room with bath.
We'd like a room for two with a bath.
I stayed up late last night reading a novel.
Say goodbye to your friends.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't give up my plan.
You can't mix oil and water.
You shouldn't break your promises.
Don't stay up late at night.
It's not good to stay up late at night.
The train station is nearby.
I met a Mr. Kimura at the party.
You don't need to finish it by tomorrow.
Take a load off.
I need glasses to read.
Everything depends upon the results.
Yesterday was cloudy.
She is crazy.
She's crazy.
I met him last year at a party.
If by any chance he comes, give him this paper.
If he comes, give him this paper.
If by any chance he comes, I'd like you to give him this paper.
If by any chance he's busy, help him.
If he's busy, help him.
If he calls, tell him I am busy.
If the weather is good, I'll go.
If by some chance the weather is good, I'll go.
If for some reason I failed, I'd try again.
If by some chance I failed, I'd try again.
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.
You are smarter than that.
I have to admit I was starting to feel a little sorry for myself.
Now I feel sorry for her.
Doing nothing is the most difficult thing in the world, the most difficult and the most intellectual.
She is not there.
He is not there.
Vowel harmony is important in the Hungarian language.
After putting up this bloody Ikea wardrobe, I found myself with three screws in my hand, and no idea where they were meant to go.
I'm learning Turkish.
I learn Turkish.
I have to study for a biology test.
I have to revise for a biology test.
He completed the project at the last minute.
The website was down for maintenance.
It is a must for an actor to know his audience.
For some people, meditation is more effective than taking tranquilisers.
The vase he broke is my aunt's.
The vase she broke is my aunt's.
Keep your hands off my bike!
You're such a good boy, Tom!
What is there to understand?
What's to understand?
I used to try really hard to get straight As.
I still can't believe it!
I still don't believe it!
I want to tell her the truth.
I am incontinent.
What shall we do this evening?
What are we doing this evening?
It just lasts for 15 minutes, doesn't it?
I've never actually seen a real cow.
Nobody is his own enemy.
I have a Me 2, which is stronger than my Me 1.
He looked around the house.
She looked around the house.
You have to buy this too!
I still haven't received your e-mail. Maybe you wrote down my e-mail address wrongly?
I didn't punch her. My arm was just moving and her face was in the way.
I didn't like what I saw on TV.
The Automated Language Recognition feature often mistakes Lojban for Vietnamese.
The fire burnt down four houses in the east of the city.
Who saw the funeral today?
She betrayed her friends for money.
"Thanks for your help." "No problem."
If you want, you can phone me.
Champagne is imported from France.
Can you list the situations in which a supervisor should give a direct order?
I pretended not to be able to understand what he was telling me.
I pretended not to be able to understand what she was telling me.
When did you buy your car?
The auto industry is hiring again.
Our cat is house-trained.
Our cat is housebroken.
Tom is on the loo.
If by some chance it were to rain, he wouldn't go.
If that happened, what would you do?
If for some reason that happened, what would you do?
If for some reason that should happen, what would you do?
I'm having lunch.
I don't know what'll happen.
It took me a lot less time to housebreak my German shepherd than it took to housebreak my other dog.
If it rains, he won't come.
If by any chance it should rain, he won't come.
If it rains tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
I don't understand this gobbledygook.
If it happens to rain, the garden party won't be held.
If by some chance it rains, the garden party won't take place.
Once again, I was able to escape death.
I'll call you every night.
I'll phone you every night.
I'll telephone you every night.
Urban sprawl is said to be a major contributor to global warming.
We missed the exit.
Luckily, my neighbour was able to jump-start my car.
The woman is on top of the table.
The woman is atop the table.
Pardon, do you have the time?
I consider nothing human as alien to me.
It would be interesting.
Creative people create, the non-creative plagiarize, all the others - translate.
If you don't understand a particular word in a sentence, ignore it. The translation will make perfect sense without it.
Whenever Googling, I always love finding what I am not looking for.
This is a serious song!
So don't hesitate.
After the exam, I forgot everything.
You girls look amazing!
You look stunning!
It's bulky.
The old Earl said: "We spend one half of our life in regretting the things we did in the other half."
She got good marks in math.
Someone is calling from outside.
You need to buy some fruit and vegetables.
I saw immediately that he was uncomfortable.
Ming Xiao doesn't know yet where he will go next year.
You must succeed where the greatest of heroes has failed.
He helps you to write it.
She helps you to write it.
She met somebody who many people meet.
Just this once, I'll make an exception.
May he rest in peace!
Where is the nearest shop?
It's nice, living in the countryside.
Be polite to our clients, then they will pay you.
There are no flowers growing on Mars.
I've been waiting for him for an hour.
At the start, I was really still a bit scared.
He really liked me!
According to you, which sport is the most popular one in Japan?
Are you able to get this rare book for me?
I don't know when Tom is leaving for Japan.
The poet gave the girl a rose.
Hello my beautiful!
I would like to spend the whole morning like this.
"Who goes there? Stop or I'll shoot!", shouted the guard.
Tom added his own name to the list of people who wanted to take part in the dance.
I'm sleepy.
Vote for us!
The bride seems to be very pretty.
I know he is sleeping.
Apart from that, I don't know anything.
I've just seen that Esperanto has overtaken German, and now has the fourth place. Very good!
Someone loves us.
This house is quite small.
It's quarter to two.
Why didn't you come yesterday? I waited a long time for you.
It's one forty-five.
Where's the nearest supermarket?
A day without you is like a summer without the sun.
I don't know the translation of the word 'oindre'.
He grew up in Australia.
Does this train stop at the Kunshan station?
It was not until the 17th and 18th centuries that the guilds lost their privileges more and more to the state.
That sounds reasonable.
I imagined that.
There's a magazine in my room.
He's also writing a book.
He is also writing a book.
She's also writing a book.
She is also writing a book.
Shall we play rock-scissors-paper?
This hall is very big.
The king took his clothes off.
How beautiful the world is!
I already know what you want!
The king got undressed.
We can meet next week if you want.
You can't doubt everything and anything.
The years passed by as fast as clouds in summer.
He always asks for your opinion.
Electric current is measured in amps.
The kid already speaks pretty well.
I shut the door, but I haven't locked it.
Too bad you have to leave already.
He likes to play cards.
She cried for help, but nobody heard her.
Don't stroke the cat the wrong way.
We very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them.
I saw him walking around town wearing his Sunday best.
Flowers make her happy.
Come on, the bus is here.
This is mince.
The outcome depends entirely on your own efforts.
Of the 23 who were arrested, four escaped.
You know very well how it happened.
Leave your room tidy.
The accident happened at this junction.
Where are the history records of our chats on MSN?
Where are the history records of our MSN chats?
Am I allowed a little more milk?
I hope to make it.
Can I have a bit more milk?
Today we are going to study the formation of the Earth.
One of you two is going to have to go there.
How are your parents doing?
I'm not a baby, you know!
An interesting suggesstion. I'll have to think it over.
It's human to make slips and mistakes in translation.
I wished him a good journey.
She broke into cries of woe.
A tiring job gives you a life.
If I were a rich man, I would buy you a diamond ring.
Life is a mirror!
The chairperson should consider the minority opinion.
This was a few weeks ago!
I think they're using you.
We are brothers.
He is tired of reading.
This contest is fixed.
Yesterday, they went to the movies.
Come help me.
"You're Mr. Ogawa, aren't you?" "Yes, I am. How can I help you?"
Typhoons hit Japan every year.
I work different hours every day.
She can hardly speak.
He can hardly speak.
I'm sorry to bother you so often.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
It's important to read books.
Reading books is important.
Choose books carefully.
Books are made out of paper.
I can't run as fast as he can.
I'll take back everything I said.
Hokkaido is in the northern part of Japan.
Hokkaido is located in the northern part of Japan.
In the north, it's cold in the winter.
Even though she was busy, she came to see me.
In spite of the fact that she was busy, she came to see me.
I'm busy, so I can't go.
Please don't forget to mail the letters.
Tom's mother is worried about his cough.
I'm happy to see you here.
My mother boiled ten eggs.
My mother is preparing dinner.
My mother is preparing supper.
My mother taught me how to make miso soup.
My mother goes to the market every day to buy things.
My mother gets up the earliest every morning.
My mother is the first one to get up every morning.
My mother is busy cooking dinner.
My mother is busy preparing supper.
My mother has gone shopping.
My mother is preparing breakfast.
My mother is cooking breakfast.
My mother put a large vase on the shelf.
My mother was usually very busy.
My mother set the table for dinner.
My mother is anxious about my future.
Grammar is an empirical science, not a theoretical one.
There are no people who don't desire peace.
Mr. Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Prices have gone down.
The cost of living has gone down.
I wore a coat so I wouldn't catch a cold.
There is no table in the room.
There are no tables in the room.
There's a lot of furniture in the room.
There wasn't even one book in the room.
My father doesn't drink hard liquor.
My father doesn't waste his time.
My father makes good use of his time.
I wish my father had lived longer.
I lost the watch my father had given me.
We came here to enjoy ourselves.
Cut the cloth diagonally.
Mt. Fuji is not as tall as Mt. Everest.
We have nothing to complain about.
We have no complaints.
Even though he was sick, he went to school.
He was sick, but he went to school.
There are a few problems.
The ice was thick enough to walk on.
Since you're tired, you should rest.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
I was tired so I went to bed.
Since I was tired, I went to bed.
He was tired so he went to bed.
He went to bed because he was tired.
I didn't think you were so old.
I used to love her, but not anymore.
It was his silence that made her angry.
Do we need to wait for her?
That's not the right answer.
That's the right answer.
He was hired away by a rival company.
It is a brand new product.
Please give me a wake-up call at eight o'clock.
It's the perfect number.
It's a magic number.
I don't feel like studying science.
He won everything.
She won everything.
I pet a cat today.
Tom drives an old diesel.
Mining-induced earthquakes are a frequent occurrence in the Ruhr area.
Tom has an airtight alibi.
I love the old country.
She goes to market every day to buy things.
She practices the piano every day.
She really looks pretty.
She had my mother take care of the baby.
She has that annoying Valley Girl accent.
My hard drive is almost full.
The vanity plate I want is not available.
In hot weather, water evaporates quickly.
The girl who's playing the piano is my sister.
Nothing scares me.
It's just started snowing.
I'm going to Spain next week.
Can I borrow a pen? Mine's on its last legs.
I had the confirmation.
Do you think this is fun?
If you want to, call me this afternoon.
I was going to buy a new table, but my husband fixed the broken leg.
What's the number of the fax machine in this hotel?
The percentage of carbohydrates in animal cells is approximately 6 percent.
The buds become beautiful red roses.
Our web site attracts a lot of users.
I felt their pain, and suffered with them.
I'd prefer to die rather than see you crying.
You have to work, not think.
Valentine's Day is celebrated in February.
I accept the exchange.
Finally, I have my own car.
Hurry up! You should be ready by now.
I absolutely must remember my passport.
Have you seen the dog? He wandered off a couple of minutes ago.
You see the girl at the back? I'd watch out for her.
It's five o'clock already? Where does the time go?
No, I haven't seen her for three weeks.
I have to hurry. My flight leaves in an hour.
We stayed in a lovely little hotel in Paris.
I have to stop that. It's a bad habit.
I was gonna go shopping tomorrow, but I really can't be bothered.
Her name's Irina.
I would've told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I have no desire to understand what goes on inside your head.
She used to live in Tel Aviv.
Seriously. We're going to have to do something about this.
He asked that we be silent.
I'd prefer that you stay home tonight.
I am very curious.
However, all these data were not confirmed.
I am very happy in Georgia.
I have two tickets for the game.
Of course, dear, I shall respect you in the morning. What did you say your name is?
Do you know why buttered bread always lands butter side down? Because you cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
She was enchanted by his little laugh.
Babies are not capable of looking after themselves.
A lot of people live for the future, not for the present.
Hey! What a smart person!
If you're sick, honey tastes bitter.
Horses run fast.
We all breathed a sigh of relief.
Edoardo got really angry and threw the chair over onto the floor.
It became clear that the stolen bicycle belonged to him.
He's worried about the result.
We could watch the dawn from the window.
Life begins when you are forty.
It is not so.
I'm in touch with him.
I'm in touch with her.
Zerrin Süküt is a satanist girl. She cut a cat, and she's seventeen years old. I condemn all the animal killings. Animals are our friends. But Zerrin Süküt has many haters from every country. We love all cats and dogs, simply all animals. I support all the haters of Zerrin Süküt. If you're an animal lover, like this page.
Take a few steps and tell me if it hurts when you walk.
He began to talk to the dog.
He started talking to the dog.
We live in countries with similar identities.
His book is very interesting.
Her book is very interesting.
Do you have younger brothers?
The train is arriving!
I'm very happy in Georgia.
Let's come back home!
Once a month, I go to the hairdresser.
I have a Vietnamese friend. Her name is Tiên.
He considered his options carefully before deciding.
She'll major in American history.
He has never even set foot on foreign soil.
She was too tired to speak.
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.
She's a better leader than he is.
She's a lot older than he is.
She's five years younger than he is.
She's five years younger than him.
She's not as tall as he is.
She's not as tall as him.
His ignorance causes her problems.
She reached out to take his hat.
She asked about his father's condition.
She asked how his father was.
She pretended not to hear him.
She means nothing to him.
She's pregnant.
She bought that camera while she was in Japan.
She kept the dining room warm in the winter.
She should eat breakfast.
She has a large mansion.
She owns a large mansion.
She gets up early.
He gets up early.
My father gets up early.
Everyone in my family gets up early.
Our teacher is a martial arts expert.
She's not as shy as she used to be.
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.
She respects her teacher a lot.
She was wearing a red bathing suit.
She wore a red blouse.
She was wearing a red blouse.
She used up a bar of soap.
She called the students into the room.
She patiently waited for him.
She's a girl, but she's brave.
She requested help, but no one came.
It took about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station.
She can't write or read.
She waved goodbye to me.
She may have been beautiful when she was young.
She might have been beautiful when she was young.
She blamed her failure on bad luck.
She liked talking about herself.
She tried to lower her expenses.
She doesn't need to go there herself.
There's no need for her to go there herself.
It's not necessary for her to go there herself.
She really likes writing poems.
She really likes to write poems.
She liked poetry and music.
She scolds Terry about as often as she scolds me.
She's six years older than me.
She's six years older than I am.
She's five years younger than me.
She's five years younger than I am.
She promised me that she would clean my room.
She promised me that she'd come.
She didn't say even one word to me.
She can't control her children.
She was a child, but she was brave.
She was a child, but she wasn't afraid.
Even though she was a child, she wasn't afraid.
She disappeared.
She continued with the work.
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.
She's a lot better today.
She's much better today.
Her condition is much better today.
She's in a fairly bad mood now.
She loves antiques.
She really likes antiques.
Admission by silence.
She told me the wrong address on purpose.
She's a lot smarter than she looks.
She's very afraid of dogs.
She was a Brown before she got married.
She was a Smith before she got married.
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.
She is not the kind of person you think she is.
Being honest, I'm not your father.
He is the head of marketing.
He's the head of the marketing department.
He's the manager of the marketing department.
She stood in front of the mirror.
Tom paid for the ticket.
My office is located on the fifth floor.
She came close to drowning.
The baby continues to sleep.
She likes painting pictures.
She greeted Mr. Kato with a smile.
She's very interested in music.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
At the moment, there isn't anyone in the office.
I wish you well.
She has never been asked out on a date.
She tried hard, but she failed.
She failed every time she tried.
She's still a minor.
She's still under age.
She doesn't yet know the truth.
He doesn't know the truth yet.
He doesn't yet know the truth.
He likes to read the Chinese books his father wrote in the United States.
If and only if the ice-cream is vanilla flavour will Xiao Wang eat it.
He likes to read the Chinese books his father wrote in the U.S.
She's very afraid of snakes.
She played the violin.
She's a very wise mother.
Where did she buy books?
She wrung the towel.
The town has changed a lot since then.
I hear that she's Mr. Smith's secretary.
She's by far the tallest girl.
She went out without saying goodbye.
She needs some help from us.
She has a lot of friends here.
How long are you going to be?
Seven thousand languages are spoken all over the world, ​​and taken together, they comprise the largest collection of human knowledge that has ever existed.
The airline has grounded its fleet.
Please do not talk to the driver while he's driving.
That's an old hat.
That's old hat.
3-D movies are old hat.
That's last year's snow.
That's yesterday's news.
The family lives in a yurt.
Men become more attractive from their thirties on.
I love the trunk.
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
I read; you write.
I never imagined that you would say that.
One cup of coffee commits one to forty years of friendship.
What happened to my bag?
The teacher said that we are the future of our home country.
The teacher said that we are the future of the fatherland.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. She's called Dilma.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. Her name is Dilma.
The customers gave him fleeting glances, then returned to their conversations.
I could hear the voices of several other guests who had arrived and were already eating together in the main dinning room.
I can't help but feel that I've been set up.
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.
Milton had that universality which belongs to the highest order of genius.
The method of scientific investigation is nothing but the expression of the necessary mode of working of the human mind; it is simply the mode by which all phenomena are reasoned and given precise and exact explanation.
We all have our ups and downs.
She has got a mellow, round voice.
His question challenged us to think.
Their success is a challenge to my effort.
The river drains five provinces.
No context, no text.
The planets move round the sun in the same direction and nearly in the same plane.
Like causes produce like results.
In the negative, right and left, black and white are reversed.
The works of these matches are all home-produced and wear well.
He found a position as junior lawyer in Glogau in 1796, then in 1798 in Berlin and in 1800 he became assessor in the province of Posen.
He began to think that some mutual friend had been slandering him.
The plane will land before long.
Please fasten your seatbelt.
Today is my lucky day.
She didn't want to fight no more.
I kept the worst part.
Please fasten seatbelt.
He didn't see anything.
Martin, this shit just got real. Fetch the chainsaw.
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.
For now, I will wait at the hotel.
Playing cards is very interesting.
Freewriting is a good activity if you have writer's block.
"I've seen a lot of things in my time here," he said to her, "but I've never seen that."
He was caught by the police three days later trying to board a ferry to France with a suitcase containing £50,000.
Christopher was still wanted for questioning over the disappearance of several cats in the town where he grew up.
"What, Snuffles? Dangerous? I assure you I have him well train-AAAARGH!!"
It's that time again already.
I think we should do something stupid.
We have a plan.
When she saw the gunman, Soraya nearly had a fit.
Go to the extraction point.
There's a cat in the back alley.
Tom has a trash compactor.
Mary has been missing for months.
I sold it on craigslist.
Tom is too weak to talk.
It never rains, it pours.
What does your name say about you?
If you mix blue and red, you get violet.
We exorcise you, every unclean spirit, every satanic power, every incursion of the infernal adversary, every legion, every congregation and diabolical sect.
"Bring the child out into the woods. I don't want to see her anymore. You shall kill her and bring me her lungs and liver as proof."
Tom has good taste in art.
Where is my brother?
I've found out what Tom is doing.
Do you understand what I am saying?
Add two ounces of grated cheese.
I'll take that as a yes.
Do you still remember how to do it?
Somebody is watching me.
Hello, is there anybody there?
Hello? Anyone there?
Hello, is there anyone there?
That will be all for today.
We have a tight schedule.
I'll put in a word for you.
Tom feels unwanted.
Did you do it?
You have to trust me.
Please try again.
There's something under the bed.
They got him.
One of her cars is blue and the others are red.
How come the sky is blue?
I am not a Canadian.
I like running.
That is just typical of him.
Around honey, there is no lack of flies.
I don't allow myself to have sweets.
I love astronomy.
Her bicycle is blue.
Her bike is blue.
I must remind you about your promise.
You are lazy!
Phillip isn't an engineer.
Bigamy is when you have one wife too many.
Bigamy is having one wife too many.
Life is usually the best teacher, but usually too expensive.
Very many people know him.
There was a pack of paper on the table.
I don't know if you'll be here when I return.
I love romance novels.
What are you holding in your hand?
What is this thing for?
Where did you find this awful dog?
In the year 1808, he directed an orchestra in Bamberg.
I'm not the same fool I was fifteen years ago.
You'd better tell him the truth.
You'd better not see her now.
You shouldn't see her now.
I wonder if Mr. Oka will teach English.
Prices depend on the costs and the demand.
Mr. Ito teaches history.
A Mr. Ito wants to see you.
There's a person named Mr. Ito who wants to see you.
There used to be a hut around here.
Because of the bad weather, I didn't go.
Bad weather prevented us from departing.
Bad weather prevented us from leaving.
Some people think it's a bad idea.
There are some people who think it's a bad idea.
All of us will die sooner or later.
We'll all die sooner or later.
I'm very concerned about your health.
I'm very worried about your health.
I can't agree with you on this point.
Mr. Wilder gave me your email address.
When compared to Paris, London is large.
I met him when I was staying in London.
I often feel depressed.
I traveled around Europe.
Yumi has a lot of money now.
Last night's game was exciting.
A lot still remains to be done.
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
There are still a lot of things to do.
I feel depressed because there are a lot of things I have to do.
I finally got a driver's license.
My turn finally came.
The pain finally went away.
The semester exams are finally over.
I think it's better not to try it.
I don't need a loan anymore.
I no longer need a loan.
You should have spoken more politely.
We should have departed earlier.
We should have left earlier.
I'm sorry that I didn't email you sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't reply sooner.
If you want to come with us, come with us.
What should we do if he happens to come late?
What should we do if he comes late?
Why am I laughing?
You run into Japanese tourists everywhere.
Poppycock.
Bullshit.
Did you hear that what's-his-name crashed his motorcycle?
He doesn't have a clue about anything. But he still has an opinion about everything.
He denies this accusation and speaks only of a kiss.
He bought himself a rope and threw himself behind the moving train.
Around the corner comes a paunch. The owner is right behind.
Suspenders are safest.
Is he a real doctor? He talks so normally.
She has hair on her teeth.
She's a nasty witch.
When you back up into a tree, you make the trunk smaller.
When you back up into a tree, you make the boot smaller.
Who can fly better, a fly or a pilot?
I don't like peas. They always fall off the knife.
Customer in a milk shop: "I'd like three eggs, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Customer in a milk shop: "I'd like to have three testicles, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
All Gaul is divided into three parts, of which the first is inhabited by the Belgians, another by the Aquitaines, and the third by those who are called Celts in their language, and Gauls in ours.
Your wristwatch is on the table.
Where does this train go?
Carl Sagan gathered information about our planet onto a disk and sent it into space, so that other intelligent beings would find it.
We want welfare, not warfare.
My cat is mad.
Excuse me, I have a question.
In my language, the musical notes are c, d, e, f, g, a, and b.
In my language, the notes of the scale are do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, ti, do.
Zhang looks confusedly.
Do you like Arabic coffee?
I scream for ice cream.
I saw the match last night.
Last night I saw the match.
The purpose of the heart is to pump blood.
Almost always.
If I set the language to "French (Canada)," then it comes out as "courriel;" but if I set it to "French (France)," it appears as "e-mail."
An increasingly greater part of the population is not capable of fully utilizing the power of expression of the German language.
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.
In winter, the dry leaves fly around in the air.
It will soon stop snowing, and then the weather will improve.
Put some coal in the oven, so that the milk will start boiling.
She has three teeth out.
I had to get seven stitches.
I have a broken wrist.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog spayed.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog fixed.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog neutered.
If I weren't sick, I'd join you.
If he asks us for help, we'll help him.
The good old man broke through the ice with the horse, and fell into the cold water.
He died four to six weeks ago.
The fire was too hot, and the cakes were burned quite black on the bottom.
If I were you, I'd go home right away.
He always eats eggs without salt and pepper.
If it rains, bring the washing in.
What should we do if it rains?
My feet hurt so much, I think that I must have run them right through to the bone.
Today is fucking cold.
If it were true, what would you do?
If that were true, what would you do?
I went to the woman myself and told her about it, and she said that she also wanted to tell her daughter.
I don't want to do it again.
Have you gotten over your cold yet?
Are you over your cold yet?
I can't wait for him any longer.
I'm just about to whack you on the ears with a spoon, you monkey.
Have you called him yet?
Where are you off to? Should we come with?
These are bad times.
It's late, so turn off the TV.
My dear child, stay down here, otherwise the mean geese will bite you to death.
Are you finished reading the newspaper?
Are you finished reading the paper?
Today you learned more than the others and were well behaved. You may go home before the others.
You're not big enough yet to drink a whole bottle of wine by yourself. First you have to grow up and get bigger.
Now that we've finished eating, let's go.
Be so good as to go and tell your sister, she has to finish sewing the clothes for your mother, and then clean them with the brush.
If only you had known him! Then things would have turned out differently, and it would be better for him now.
Who stole my basket with the meat?
He acted as if she had ordered him to do the threshing.
So who did he tell the new story to?
You have to talk really loud, otherwise he won't understand us.
We're tired and thirsty.
When we got home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
Last night there was still snow on the ground, but this morning it's all melted.
Behind our house there are three beautiful apple trees with little red apples.
Could you please wait just a moment for us? Then we'll go with you.
You may not behave so childishly.
Our mountains aren't really very high. Yours are much bigger.
How many pounds of sausage do you want, and how much bread?
I don't understand you, you'll have to talk a little louder.
Didn't you find a piece of white soap on my table?
His brother wants to build himself two nice new houses in your garden.
His words were heartfelt.
That was right of them.
He is abroad.
My heart is hurting.
He also speaks French.
She also speaks French.
I was wrong about myself.
I like this picture of us!
Something happened.
Do you want to go first?
Tom and Mary played a game of Russian roulette.
This movie is highly controversial.
That's what I told her.
Tom was running around the streets drunk and naked.
Tom and Mary went deer hunting.
Delete the comment, please.
Please delete the comment.
Tom said he understood how you were feeling.
Isn't life beautiful?
How do we find it?
There was nobody here yesterday.
They don't know me there.
You'd do the same for me.
I don't feel like exercising.
Don't touch my stuff!
Get me something to eat.
When are you returning to Italy?
He was laughing all the way to the bank.
This new application claims to be user friendly. Well, it isn't.
I think we're too late.
You should go home now.
Go home now.
He is fat as a bear.
She wrote the word.
I lost almost all my money.
Did I say that?
I was wondering where your little camper had taken you both.
Have a great night.
I have a sister.
You didn't see everything.
Did you talk to your lawyer about this problem?
He's a man who doesn't speak with anybody.
My grandmother can cook very well.
Some people claim to know everything.
Some claim to know everything.
You're really an angel!
The wounded woman was a Brazilian tourist.
It had to be you.
Everything should be done neatly.
Would you like to have another cup of tea?
You've met Mr. Smith already, haven't you?
It'll soon be the rainy season.
It was a great night.
Physics is Greek to me.
It'll be summer vacation pretty soon.
It'll be summer vacation soon.
I'll finish reading this novel soon.
You shouldn't wait any longer.
I can't bear it any longer.
Tom didn't want to play dodge ball because he was tired.
Tom decided not to play dodge ball because he wasn't feeling well.
Translators do their best work when they translate into their mother tongue.
You're a criminal.
You are a criminal.
My phone number is 2468.
It's time for you to go to bed.
Is there space for one more person?
Is there space for another person?
Meros is absolutely not a liar.
Meros is definitely not a liar.
Meros is certainly not a liar.
Mr. Mailer is scheduled to stay here until tomorrow.
Love is not what you think.
A person named Miller wants to see you.
You're the prettiest thing I've seen in my life.
It looks like it'll rain.
Mr. White soon began to feel guilty.
Mom and Dad are very nervous.
Mama cried.
He hasn't succeeded yet.
This is his opinion.
He has not yet succeeded.
No, I won't do that.
He was disqualified after a false start.
I need to buy stamps.
They seem to be photographs.
I think I'll come back soon.
The horse ran fast.
Well, you might be right.
Well, possibly you're right.
He is my favorite character.
He's my favorite character.
She is my favorite character.
She's my favorite character.
It is my favorite character.
It's my favorite character.
Feel free to contact me.
Quite the opposite, Tom has been a good influence on my life since I met him.
I ask for your understanding!
You ask in vain for forgiveness; your actions are unforgivable.
It kept raining all day long.
She didn't show up at the party, but nobody knows why.
Bring it over soon.
Are you coming or not?
The class start at ten.
I'm done with studying.
Being Colombian is the best.
The server is temporarily unable to service your request due to maintenance downtime or capacity problems. Please try again later.
Nothing belongs to us, we are part of everything.
It won't fly!
Another problem has come up.
I spoke to him about it on the telephone.
Tom doesn't drink coffee, but he smokes cigarettes.
Tom drank coffee while Mary smoked a cigarette.
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cigarettes.
I haven't finished that job yet.
It's been ages since we last met.
It's been a long time since we last met.
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.
Mr. White is in charge of our class.
Mr. White wanted to help them.
Mr. White is doing very well so far.
Mr. White has gone to Canada.
Mr. White has gone to India.
Mr. White will arrive in Tokyo at 10:30.
Mr. White seems to have many friends.
Mr. White is about the same age I am.
Allow me to introduce you to Mr. White.
Let me introduce you to Mr. White.
It's been raining for about a week.
Mr. Hobson closed the store and went home.
Almost everything has been improved.
Almost everything has gotten better.
It's hardly raining at all.
Most accidents happen in the neighborhood.
Most accidents happen near home.
My aunt has an apartment for rent for 550 dollars a month.
I just don't want to do anything to make the horse worse.
Show pity on me.
I have a date with him at six.
I am almost ready.
"There are too many chiefs around here." "Do you mean too many chiefs and not enough Indians?"
Have you heard about my new grand piano? Now you have to hear its sound.
He said only one word: "Bosh!"
When exactly is a language considered endangered? When its speakers cease to use it, use it in fewer and fewer domains, use fewer of its speaking styles, or stop passing it on to the next generation.
UNESCO’s Language Vitality and Endangerment framework has established in 2010 six degrees of vitality: safe, vulnerable, definitely endangered, severely endangered, critically endangered and extinct.
Where is my dog?
Intelligent design means to keep things simple.
Are we in the same hotel?
Two firms compete with each other for market leadership.
I have to look after the rabbit.
We have to look after our parents.
The Prussians should be on their guard against the southern Germans.
She's warning me about his infidelity.
We must party.
We have to party.
She has a double-barrelled name.
Do you have nightmares?
"How much is he asking for?" "A thousand euros."
I looked around for a mailbox.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
Translator, traitor.
I don't think anyone else could do my job.
You can rent a boat by the hour.
The girl rowing the boat is my cousin.
You couldn't choose.
You could not choose.
Belgium is not as large as France.
The girl in the blue coat is my daughter.
Speaking French is difficult.
Please put me through to Mr. Black.
Mr. Brown is in charge of our class.
Mr. Brown is looking for his glasses.
Mr. Brown is our English teacher.
Mr. Brown always carries a book with him.
Please put me through to Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown gave me your name.
I'd like you to meet Mr. Brown.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown is a wool merchant.
Please give me the number for Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown has four children.
I think he's Mr. Brown.
Owls can see in the dark.
I forgot to phone Mr. Ford.
I forgot to call Mr. Ford up.
I forgot to call Mr. Ford.
Bill goes fishing every other day.
He goes fishing every other day.
Bill can run the fastest in his class.
Bill is the smarter of the two brothers.
Do you know what it means?
Do you know where Tom is from?
Do you know what Tom does for a living?
Do you know what time Tom usually goes to bed?
Do you know what Tom's favorite color is?
Do you know where Tom put the keys?
Do you know when Tom got his driver's license?
Do you know how to get to Tom's house?
Do you know Tom's phone number?
Tell me you weren't thinking the same thing.
The diary is horrible.
It's a curse.
It is a curse.
I can't wait to marry you.
This tour is going to be amazing!
Choose one from among these products.
My head really aches.
I had a bad stomachache.
I haven't got rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten over my bad cold yet.
I can't stand this stomachache.
I want to see a doctor about my stomachache.
My job is giving me a stomachache.
Let's decide on the date for the picnic.
Do you have any beer?
Do you have beer?
Mr. Hunt is the principal of our school.
I met some friends while I was waiting for a bus.
I met a friend while I was waiting for a bus.
The bus stopped to pick up passengers.
I ran into a friend of mine on the bus.
I ran into a friend on the bus.
I ran into Mr. Lynch on the bus.
Fifty people can ride on the bus.
It takes two hours to get there by bus.
It'll take two hours to get there by bus.
Since the bus was late, I took a taxi.
I took a taxi because the bus was late.
Put on your pajamas.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
The party was held on May 22nd.
Mr. Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
Mr. Norton is pleasant to work with.
Mr. Newman often comes to Japan.
What a strange story!
Why did she need to send for him?
Why does she look so sad?
Mr. Thompson has been very busy today.
What kind of flowers do you like?
What kind of fruit do you like best?
What's your favorite kind of fruit?
Why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much?
No matter how tired I might be, I have to work.
No matter how tired I am, I have to work.
It doesn't matter what game he plays, he always wins.
No matter what game he plays, he always wins.
What kind of fruit do you want?
No matter how rich you are, you can't buy true love.
The king was a manipulator.
I have only half as many books as he does.
Tom's friends called him Mr. Money Bags.
Tom's friends called him Money Bags.
Every student was asked one question.
Tony can run the fastest in our class.
Being very tired, I soon fell asleep.
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
I have connections in the government.
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.
I'm fed up with him.
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel.
This day is so boring!
It was very cold, so they stayed at home.
They stayed at home because it was very cold.
We stayed at home because it was very cold.
It was very cold, so we stayed at home.
It was very cold, but we went out.
Even though it was very cold, we went out.
It was very cold, but I went out.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
Since it's very cold, we can skate.
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?
She's sometimes late for school.
My older sister finally got married.
Please put me through to Mr. Smith.
I suddenly missed my watch.
The woman is very big and she has many friends.
I can't remember how to do it.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember how to do it.
Why did you make such a mistake?
Why do you want such an old car?
I fell asleep while watching TV.
Mr. Davis looks very tired.
He ran away so he wouldn't be caught.
I finally caught up with my friends.
My father finally compromised.
He finally found out how to make it.
My wish has finally come true.
We finally got to the lake.
We finally arrived at the lake.
You came at just the right time.
Don't open the door no matter who comes.
No matter who comes, don't open the door.
He probably forgot about it.
Don't trust him, no matter what he says.
Since there were no taxis, I had to walk.
I had to walk because there were no taxis.
After 125 years of development it's clear: Esperanto is more than just a language.
You shouldn't stay up so late at night.
Don't read that kind of book.
I hurried so I wouldn't miss the train.
He hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.
I can't find time to read the book.
You look good in those clothes.
That day was a Sunday, so there was no school.
There were no radios in those days.
It's impossible to live on that island.
It's not possible to live on that island.
You can't live on that island.
She turned pale when she heard that news.
He turned pale when he heard that news.
You should look up that word.
You should look that word up.
You have to turn to the history and go a few centuries back to the Renaissance era, to Leonardo da Vinci, in order to find as fascinating a man who not only dilettante, but with a genius working in many different fields.
That university was founded by Mr. Smith.
That novel wasn't written by Mr. Robinson.
The novel has sold almost 20,000 copies.
He's two years older than me, but he's shorter.
He's two years older than I am, but he's shorter than I am.
I spilt my inkwell.
I need to hoover.
By seven o'clock in the evening, the streets are deserted in this town.
Around here, they roll up the sidewalks at 7 o'clock.
Are you high?
That's it for today.
He spent the night in a homeless hostel.
The streets here are empty by 7.
What have you done with the books?
The dog sniffed the sick.
I guess you cannot do it.
I guess you can't do it.
Today's arraignment hearing offers the defendant his first opportunity to state his case personally.
He gave me back the money.
There aren't any clouds today.
Ship ahoy!
He's among the also-rans.
I wouldn't have dreamt of it.
The accident happened near his home.
That accident happened near his house.
The game was postponed until next Sunday.
The ring couldn't be found anywhere.
Is there a zoo in Boston?
That boy showed no fear.
It's your duty to finish the job.
It's your responsibility to finish the job.
That work was done very quickly.
That job is impossible for me to do.
The job is almost done.
May I look at that magazine?
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your English.
Kelly, watch the stars!
That magazine is aimed at teenagers.
Please pull the rope.
The park is located in the center of the city.
The park is in the center of the city.
I'll never forget the sight.
How do you spell that word?
What's the precise meaning of that word?
The company wants to hire 20 people.
It would be better if we didn't attend that meeting.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of a certain girl.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my childhood.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.
That song reminds me of my home.
When I hear that song, I think about my hometown.
When I hear that song, I think about the place where I grew up.
Mars, the red planet, is the fourth planet.
Same shit, different day.
I'm looking forward to reading Ayako's diary again.
Those kinds of methods are out of date.
That bus stops in front of my house.
I never thought I'd see her there.
That kind of person will definitely fail.
That kind of person will fail for sure.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your Spanish.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your Portuguese.
Mr. Smith teaches me English.
Mr. Smith left Japan this morning.
Mr. Smith is in charge of the class.
Mr. Smith sued them for damages.
Mr. Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Mr. Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
Mr. Smith is now on duty.
Mr. Smith lives in Kyoto now.
I would like to see Mr. Smith.
I've known Mr. Smith for many years.
A Mr. Smith has come to see you.
Mr. Smith has come.
Skiing is a lot of fun.
John will probably pass the examination.
John is older than Robert.
If John had come, I wouldn't have had to.
If John had come, I wouldn't have had to come.
Mr. Ford owns this land.
"Contrastingly, do you love Kanji?" he asked.
Voters of the middling sort don't see it that way.
I wouldn't have dreamed of it.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my younger days.
This house will rent easily.
It'll be easy to find a renter for this house.
It'll be easy to find someone to rent this house.
We have had a lot of rain this summer.
There's been a lot of rain this summer.
There's a little whiskey in this bottle.
Whose camera is this?
This house is for rent.
I never expected to see you here.
What do you think happened here?
This is the room he rushed into.
I like it so much.
Let's see this costume.
Mr. Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
Keisuke is taller than I am.
Mr. Green, you are wanted on the phone.
Kuniko is related to Mr. Nagai.
You didn't need to buy this book.
A person named Williams came to see you yesterday.
You should take an umbrella.
How can you stand this noise?
Please come pick up your package at the reception.
Anybody home?
He's out cold.
He's unconscious.
Tom is a fighter pilot.
Tom's callsign is Maverick.
Mary is a heavy reader.
Tsez has one hundred twenty-six cases.
Go away before they see you here.
How many years did it take to build the pyramids?
Mr. Wood loved Linda from the bottom of his heart.
What's the Italian pronunciation of this word?
Mr. Wood didn't have any sons.
Mr. Wood was like a father to Tony.
Mr. Wall put off going to the dentist's.
Mr. Wilson is proud of his house.
Go and see if Mr. Wilson is at home.
Have you ever visited Italy?
That lady appears to be rich.
That tall man is Mr. Smith.
Look at that cat. It is Mr. Brown's.
You shouldn't trust that man.
Mary is getting on my nerves.
Thanks for saving me.
That's odd.
Why are you asking this?
It's an older model.
This is going to get messy.
Tom has ripped abs.
I'll see you in the morning.
It's just a placebo.
Type your password on the keypad.
You ruined everything.
Time to die.
"Time to die, Tom" said Mary.
Mary humiliated Tom in front of everyone.
What did I do to deserve this?
Don't try anything funny.
Please don't hurt me.
Mary tried on her wedding dress for the first time yesterday.
That's the only way up.
Do the math.
This might prove useful.
It might prove useful.
There's insufficient power.
I can't let you.
They followed you here.
Tom tried to reason with Mary.
Tom has a sore knee.
Tom has a sore back.
He has more books than he can read in his entire life.
Mary started screaming at the top of her lungs.
Roger that.
Hurry up and get in.
This territory is uncharted.
Gimme a minute.
I'll tell you when we get there.
I'm sure Tom won't mind.
Mary went berserk.
I have my own reasons.
Tom is in the mess hall.
We'll leave without him.
This is just a paperweight.
What did she do to you?
Tom is a family man.
This place is in shambles.
Tom is a pre-teen.
Tom is a preteen.
He'll be here any second.
We visited a huge amusement park in São Paulo.
I said shut up!
Tom kicked the door down.
Tom is just a crazy old man.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Languages are subject to constant change.
Mary is on the swim team.
Mary is concerned with her looks.
Mary is obsessed about her appearance.
Mary spends hours in the bathroom.
Tom looks terrific.
Mary looks terrific for her age.
Tom would like to have a smooth skin.
Mary has a lean body.
Tom has a beer belly.
Mary is an acupuncturist.
I want them alive.
Everyone is doing it.
Tom is pushing the envelope.
Do you like this girl?
Extremely loud music interrupted their conversation.
I haven't the foggiest why it is so.
He is still not back from the mountains.
He isn't back from the mountains yet.
I borrowed this comic book from his sister.
Tom and Mary will enter from the back.
Why are you still here?
It's the least I could do.
The room was packed.
Things might get a little rough.
Sorry, something went wrong.
That's all we know.
I have no idea how to use this thing.
How many days are there in a leap year?
Lead the way.
He wasn't moved after he finished reading this story.
How are you holding up?
The policeman is wearing a gas mask.
Don't forget about me.
He tried to commit a suicide.
You hurt me.
We'll have loads of fun.
I thought you were my friend.
It's punctured.
Do you know my name?
Can you walk?
This is an abomination.
The files are missing.
There's got to be a way.
He fainted in the middle of his speech.
Mary was killed with a tyre iron.
Mary was killed with a tire iron.
I don't have a choice.
I eat dinner at quarter past seven.
That is my father's first letter.
He knows neither how to read nor write.
I am not able to do it by any means.
He can kiss his fiancée.
You may kiss the bride.
You may now kiss the bride.
I need a lesson from you guys.
We can only teach.
Why must you give away all of my secrets?
A leap year has three hundred and sixty-six days.
How many days does a leap year have?
How many days comprise a leap year?
We partied into the small hours.
I want to have my breakfast.
The match didn't take place.
In March, the ground is still too cold to plant anything in the garden.
I've got a tap that leaks.
The heating is costing me more and more.
I received my electricity bill.
My GPS works very well.
To learn a foreign language requires a lot of time.
I was on the hunt for butterflies.
It falls to you to put the finishing touches to this work.
We work to earn money.
That boy is very clever.
That boy is very smart.
I often go fishing in that river.
Do you know who that person is?
How long has it been since you received a letter from him?
Do you plan to buy that car?
I can't put up with all that noise.
What happened at that intersection?
He was nearly run over at an intersection.
The intersection where the accident happened is near here.
The accident happened at that intersection.
Don't be disillusioned.
That flower has a strong smell.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Tanaka.
Do you know the man that's staring at you?
Do you know the man staring at you?
Do you know the man who's staring at you?
You didn't need to come.
How many times a year do you go skiing?
Which sentence do you prefer?
You are taller than she is.
You seem to be a kind man.
You should prepare for the future.
You have more energy than I do.
You're taller than I am.
I bought her a clock.
I began to cry.
You began to cry.
I do not think that he will come.
The taste is delicious.
You aren't as short as I am.
You aren't as short as me.
I have lost all respect for you.
The three countries were united to make one country.
You are twice as strong as I am.
You are twice as strong as me.
Can you supply me with everything I need?
There are numerous universities in Kyoto.
What do you have to do now?
Mary was in Hungary.
He wrote "regards" at the end of the letter and then signed his name.
Your necktie matches your suit.
How many days do you usually need to get there?
She likes running.
You should have your eyes examined.
You should get your eyes examined.
You should get your eyes checked.
Pick your favorite bat.
I think you're wrong.
Are you from a planet on which only women live?
He was late to the appointment due to a traffic accident.
Mice carry the plague.
Did you do the homework by yourself?
This happened a long time ago.
The popularity of websites depends on their content.
I heard that they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
It's time for you to get up.
You don't need to go there.
You don't need to stand up.
You should help your father.
Do you know that boy who's crying?
You should go to bed early.
You should keep in touch with Mr. Smith.
Your hands need to be washed.
You need to wash your hands.
I can't do without your advice.
I can't lend this book to you.
Should I go with you?
What is the total amount of money you spent?
Do you have a seven-yen stamp?
May fifth is Children's Day.
She rented a four-room apartment.
You don't need to write more than 400 words.
Can we meet on February the 28th, around 3:00 p.m.?
How about February 28th around 3:00 pm?
You may bring whoever you like.
Should I go?
Do I have to go?
People who don't want to go, don't have to.
Those who don't want to go, don't need to go.
I can't decide whether to go or not.
Do you know Mr. Takahashi?
Mr. Takahashi gave us some homework.
You had a phone call from Mr. Takakura.
You should do that right now.
When I woke up this morning, I felt sick.
I'd like to see you this afternoon.
I haven't read today's newspaper yet.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
Give me a different example.
You will never be too old to learn.
It's not as hot today as it was yesterday.
Mr. Sato speaks English well.
Mr. Gray was the first man that arrived.
Who did you visit yesterday afternoon?
This diamond costs a fortune.
Open your mind.
If you were not so good in counsel, I should not have heard these rules for my conduct.
Last night, I listened to radio.
Mr. Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
It's been three years since I moved here.
I would ask him if I were you.
If I were you, I'd ask him.
I should ask, shouldn't I?
If I were you, I'd study harder.
Your lips are red.
The hare stole a carrot from the garden.
You should also listen to the other side.
That book is written in English.
It had snowed.
I would like shoes like that.
You don't have the ticket.
He doesn't have the ticket.
She doesn't have the ticket.
It ain't easy to please my parents.
It's high time to make room for young people.
The hall needs a new curtain.
The rug was covered with cat hair.
We still use wired telephones.
Italy is having the worst economical crisis in its history.
It's been seven years since we got married.
Will you sing some English songs for us?
Would you sing us a song in English?
We returned to Osaka on April 2nd.
Shouldn't we go now?
We saw Mr. Sato leave the room.
We took a taxi so we wouldn't be late.
I have a lot in common with him.
Go and open the door.
My younger brother swims every day in the summer.
My mother gets up earlier than I do.
I'd like to go with you.
I'd like you to mail this letter.
I have never seen a giraffe.
I had Mr. Jones correct my composition.
I'm not rich enough to buy that.
I went out even though it was raining.
Have you watched it?
I don't have your number.
I am a monk.
I don't have a pencil.
I don't have any pencils.
I'll remain your ally no matter what happens.
I had intended to go abroad.
I had planned to go abroad.
I went to sleep as soon as I got home.
I was discouraged.
I like traveling by train.
I have been to Kyoto one time.
I think it's necessary for you to see him.
I think you need to see him.
I had to change the plan.
I had the door repaired.
The incident came in the wake of Al-Qaeda's admission of responsibility, in a statement published by the organization, for an attack that targeted the republican palace in the city of Al-Mukalla in southern Yemen and resulted in the deaths of 30 officers and soldiers.
The president's son leads the special forces.
The attack was launched by a suicide car bomb.
The cinema is an industry.
Idleness is the devil's workshop.
It's foolish to read such a magazine.
Why was I not aware of this?
Anyone can do their bit to protect the environment.
It's extremely important to do sport every day.
Young people tend to take things too far.
Do I have to attend the party tonight?
Do I need to go to the dentist's?
I rented a boat by the hour.
I might look at flights again soon after a shower, if I don't fall asleep.
I believe that you'll love it!
I believe that you will love it!
What is the correct answer?
Are your glasses prescription?
I need prescription glasses for driving.
I'm certain that he'll come.
I'm scheduled to have lunch with him.
Previously people believed the earth was flat.
I plan to have lunch with him.
I'm as tall as he is.
I'm the same height as he is.
I cannot fix the computer.
You trust in god?
I have as many books as he does.
He will wait for it.
I have the same number of books as he has.
If John phones me, please tell him I'll be back by seven o'clock.
Can you eat something there?
He can't cook very well.
The fish swims by moving its tail.
The house is small, but it's enough for us.
I had him write the letter for me.
I have three times as many books as he does.
I'm not as tall as he is.
I'm two years younger than he is.
I'm only three years older than he is.
I think that he's a good teacher.
I thought that he was rich.
I thought he was rich.
I thought that he was honest.
I thought he was honest.
Even though I'm tired, I'll study hard.
I'm tired, but I'll study hard.
I didn't go to school because I was sick.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
I have to remember to mail the letter.
I make it a rule not to stay up late.
I am used to staying up late at night.
He can't be older than I am.
He can't be older than me.
The day we arrived was a holiday.
You can't force me to do anything I don't want to do.
There's a hosepipe ban this summer.
I dream about a beautiful woman.
I dream of a quiet life in the country.
You were my friend.
What did the boy say?
He came from another country.
He was a brave soldier.
These are simple sentences.
I can't hear you well.
We have lots to do.
I still love you.
I added a picture and hope that you find it appropriate.
That's a pale pail, pal.
I talked to her.
The musician has many friends.
You should learn from your mistakes.
Life is strange.
Good morning, blue skies!
The Mongols invaded Baghdad in 1258 and destroyed the Abbasid Caliphate.
History books write that after the Mongol invasion of Baghdad, many books were thrown into the Tigris River and therefore the colour of the river turned blue with the ink of books.
I think you thought what I'm going to think.
She knows I know that she knows.
Many wedding ceremonies will take place on the seventh of July.
Today is Wednesday.
Belgrade has about 2 million inhabitants.
My little sister goes to nursery school.
My grandfather got seriously injured by a bomber during the war.
The goal was offside.
Where's the entrance?
My grandson is the son of my son.
We love beauty.
We picked apples so we could make an apple pie.
We had a wonderful holiday in Sweden.
We had a fantastic holiday in Sweden.
Thus Do They All.
So it has come to this.
We often went skiing in the winter.
We think that he's honest.
We plan to visit Mr. Smith tomorrow.
Tony sometimes visited his family.
We sometimes go out for a drive.
We sometimes go for a drive.
Do your homework by yourself.
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
The man washing the car is Mr. Jones.
Selling cars is my business.
Don't forget to mail the letter.
My uncle isn't young, but he's healthy.
You have to eat before you go.
Lend me as much money you can.
Teaching young children isn't easy.
You should relax a little.
You should relax a bit.
Since I had a slight fever, I stayed in bed.
All the boys are the same age.
I think it's important to tell the truth.
Some people believe in God and other people don't.
Kobe is the city where I was born.
I'm not a particularly suspicious-looking person.
Have you already read the book "Judgment Day Began Long Ago"?
We are a people as all other peoples; we do not have any intentions to be better than the rest. As one of the first conditions for equality we demand the right to have our own villains, exactly as other people have them.
Are you going home by bus?
It looks like your dog is thirsty.
What is the bad news?
Having slept well last night, I feel very fine this morning.
A cunt remains a cunt!
You're in!
People have to obey the rules.
I really do appreciate all your hard work.
It occurred to me spontaneously.
Sleep is necessary for good health.
So you can't help me?
These girls use white skirts.
This meat is kosher.
"Meow," said the cat and it looked at me.
Take that off your head.
Unfortunately, it's raining today.
I see them.
Women like colorful umbrellas.
Her job is to teach English.
My brother likes watching scary movies.
My name is Shu.
The cat is sleeping on the table.
Mr. Hoshino is hard to please.
She seemed uninterested.
I am reading Persian.
I have a dog. He is black and his name is Tiki.
The students disobeyed their teacher.
I have a dog. She is black and her name is Tiki.
The housing situation shows no hope of improvement.
She doesn't understand you.
He was alone in the house.
She was alone in the house.
Mr. Aoyama has a large family to support.
He goes running every morning.
She goes running every morning.
Do you like me, too?
I get very angry when you don't answer my questions.
The weather is very cold in Istanbul.
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.
He didn't have a single pen.
He went shopping.
I turned off the lamp and went to sleep.
If I miss the train, I'll get on the bus.
This flower smells beautiful.
Your cake is very delicious.
There is a bookstore across from my house.
The cat crossed the street.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
The air is polluted in the big cities.
Do you have any free time after tomorrow?
This work isn't child's play.
She didn't want to sell the book.
He didn't want to sell the book.
I am sure that she will become a great singer.
I am sure that he will become a great singer.
She seems happy.
He looks happy.
She returned to Japan.
I am an idealist. I don't know where I'm going but I'm on my way.
What a beautiful city!
There isn't any problem at all.
In 1977, I was born in Osaka.
Is this the train station?
I came into the world without anything. I will leave the world without anything but love. Everything else is borrowed.
I know where she lives.
You must meet with him.
You must meet with her.
She has a brother in Tokyo.
He has a brother in Tokyo.
Is this enough money?
She worked for a rich man.
Did you get his letter?
Did you get her letter?
Meg talks a lot.
I was born in 1977 in Osaka.
I'm not deaf.
There is a trickster god.
There used to be a hotel around here.
I'm not as young as I used to be.
Do you have a red pencil?
He won the prize last week.
We pitched the tent next to the river.
I've heard that song before.
You should go home early.
You should get up early.
You'd better get up early.
The frost did a lot of damage to the crops.
If your feet get wet, you'll catch a cold.
The work has to be finished before noon.
A lot of time was wasted.
There's a lot of water left.
Taro speaks English better than I do.
Taro speaks English better than me.
I felt myself being lifted up.
He felt himself being lifted up.
He failed the breathalyzer test.
It doesn't seem; it is.
The inhabitants of the island are tall and strong.
It's your favorite song.
I told you so!
Mount Elbrus is the highest mountain in Europe.
The old man didn't want to outlive his wife.
In this case, let's go.
I can't imagine it.
I cannot imagine it.
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?
I had a premonition that something wasn't right.
I was born in the year 1977.
The economy is deeply connected to politics.
I was breaking my heart when I was watching it.
Since he was feeling sick, he stayed in bed.
He stayed in bed because he wasn't feeling well.
Since he was feeling sick, he stayed home from school.
He stayed home from school because he wasn't feeling well.
Let's do this again.
I've been very busy with the exams!
I have been very busy with the exams!
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
Would you please page Mr. Sawada?
It doesn't matter who pitches, that team always loses.
Who could take his place?
Who should I inform?
Bring us with you!
Please look for it.
Who is this woman?
If I'd known it, I'd have told you.
Click here to create an account.
If I had known it, I would have told you.
The earth is much larger than the moon.
The earth is a lot larger than the moon.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Someone wants to join?
Aren't you embarrassed?
The shrapnel from an explosion is usually more dangerous than the shock wave.
I locked myself out of my apartment.
Tom wants to take over the world.
Wow, this is loud!
Do I know you?
He's a grump.
Tom missed the party.
Mary knows how to have a good time.
It's a Cuban cigar.
Get lost, kid!
Tom is on the roof.
Do you want to use mine?
I have to go to the bathroom.
Wash with hot, sudsy water.
If you say so.
I'm working as fast as I can.
That night he dreamed a horrible dream.
It's a mummy!
Tom pushed Mary down the stairs.
He will tell me everything sooner or later.
Tom works for the IRS.
He wants to learn how to cook.
Tom opened the safe.
Try to keep it down.
That was a close one.
Tom is a lucky bastard.
Tom has a Swiss bank account.
That's gross.
All life is based on chemistry and all living things are composed of chemical compounds.
She looked up at him.
I ran a red light in my car, because I was in a hurry.
If she'd known the results, she'd have been shocked.
You've already been to Berlin.
You have already been to Berlin.
Mr. Nakamura went bar hopping in Tokyo.
My younger brother is taller than me.
My younger brother is taller than I am.
Mr. Tanaka is not at his desk right now.
Mr. Tanabe is out now.
In the summer, it is very hot here.
Is Mr. Fujiwara at home now?
It has suddenly gotten cold, hasn't it?
I can't understand why he left so suddenly.
He suddenly stopped talking.
Her face suddenly turned red.
She suddenly fell silent.
I think that you wanted to add a translation of the sentence where you posted a comment. To translate a sentence, just click on this button.
I think the story is true.
He's a notorious liar.
As soon as I have it, I'll forward it to you.
We didn't see this movie.
It looks strange.
Beware of he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart he dreams himself your master.
Man's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me. We long for a caring Universe which will save us from our childish mistakes, and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts. God has not been proven not to exist, therefore he must exist.
Free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny.
Don't miss this amazing opportunity.
That should do it.
We are doomed.
I've been worrying sick about you.
Tom has lost his keycard.
Tom and Mary are the only survivors.
Tom killed the spider.
The spider is dead.
Mary is afraid of spiders.
I did so bad in the exam!
These students work hard, but it's not that much efficient.
The train lurched to a standstill.
It's a bit wobbly.
When you make the bed, don't forget to fluff up the pillows.
All humans on Earth are descended from a common ancestor.
A polymath is someone who knows a whole lot about a whole lot.
All conversation involves the encoding and decoding of information.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Could you put a period at the end of your sentence, please?
Never compare your wife to another woman.
He is considered missing.
It's hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
She left the house without saying goodbye.
His father dedicated his life to science.
I see a lady and two dogs in the car.
If you allow me to speak, I'll be able to explain everything.
I bought a computer of the best quality.
Who does Tom think he is anyway?
Children cry because they want to eat.
After dinner, he usually sleeps.
I will count to three, and then I will fire!
They rented the upstairs room to a student.
They rented the room on the second floor to a student.
I'm looking for my watch.
She has green eyes.
I never saw him again.
He came back two days later.
Japan does a lot of trade with the USA.
Riding a horse is a lot of fun.
I can't recall when he moved to Boston.
I'm not sure when he'll turn up.
How are we going to get there?
I wish that he were here to help us.
I wish that he was here to help us.
Nobody sings as beautifully in the shower as Anna!
Even though he was sick, the boy still went to school.
I still have the book from last semester.
She used to be rather shy but since she went to University she has really blossomed.
I never did a day's work in my life, it was all fun.
I find out what the world needs. Then, I go ahead and invent it.
I owe my success to the fact that I never had a clock in my workroom.
People are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed.
I understand well!
I wait for you in Turin!
I should be at school.
I'm here. Do you want to chat?
It's a shadow.
It is a shadow.
Are you for or against abortion?
Like those of many who knew English, his English was very basic: "How much is it?" and "It's not my size."
The Filipino woman wanted to learn English so that one day she could emigrate to the Anglosphere.
Much like Nigeria, the Philippines was considered to be in the periphery of the Anglosphere.
Outside Manila and the big cities of the Philippines, people don't speak much English.
At least one author believes that out of the world's 7 billion people in the early 21st century, perhaps 1.6 billion can speak English and the vast majority of those speak only basically.
The vast majority of North Americans know English only at a mediocre level.
English spelling bothers many people.
Hong Kong Chinese who know only English as a foreign language never learn the efficient use of the Roman alphabet.
All children in the PRC learn the Roman alphabet for phonemic pinyin.
What's there to do?
The ship is not seaworthy.
The government's anti-corruption tsar resigned yesterday following allegations of bribery.
Easy does it.
We stopped at Peterborough services.
Look who's talking.
Due to the match, which takes place today, there are major restrictions on traffic and parking.
Guinea pigs have different hair colours. It's silly for humans to worry about hair colour. Humans are like guinea pigs and other animals.
He believes that humans are machine-animals.
He named his guinea pigs Blondie, Thumper, and Candy.
His long-haired, blond, Teddy Bear hamster was called Jabberwocky.
He's wondering if there are non-humans today being counted as "humans."
He likes both Esperanto and Interlingua.
He looks human enough. It fools everybody...
I'm a little bit tired.
His English was strange in the way that it were as if he had invented his own accent...
He was from a different country where dogs were not allowed in the cities because they were deemed "land sharks."
His country was looking for a new socio-economic system because the present one was not working too well...
Soon, the expanse of the galaxy became reminiscent of ancient Polynesian migrational waves throughout the Pacific Ocean.
Thousands of years passed by as explorers zigzagged their way through the Orion Spur of the galaxy.
The Sagittarius and Perseus Arms of the galaxy remained unexplored for thousands of years.
Explorers looked for shortcuts in space-time to meander serendipitously through the universe.
By the time human civilization was a million years old, it had achieved mastery of faster-than-lightspeed voyages.
Life extension became more reliable as research in the biological fields expanded.
Starting next month, Brazil will implement the law of reciprocity with Spain.
Megastructures in space provided homes for billions of humans, many thousands of years later.
The space hotel was luxurious with all the chandeliers in the grand lobby where a magnificent staircase led to the fabulous dining area.
She would have failed without his help.
I want to leave.
Thanks for your help.
I don't know how to explain it.
The Europeans began exploring the Americas in the late 15th century.
It is the mouth that gives occasion for shame, and the coat of mail and helmet give occasion to war.
It's a pity that he can't marry her.
It's a pity that he can't get married to her.
The space hotel had grandiose buffets throughout the whole day.
The space hotel had enormous bay windows overlooking the rainbow stripes of Jupiter below.
In the space hotel, as the aria pounded its melodies on the stage, the view of colourful Jupiter framed itself behind.
As the orchestra in the space hotel's ballroom played on, dancers from various worlds swayed gaily about.
Unbeknownst to him, at the space hotel, there was a musically complimented Mexican restaurant surrounded by gigantic cages full of tropical parrots and other birds.
His hotel chamber at the palatial space hotel had the grandiose view of Jupiter's rainbow face through the big window.
Do you speak my language?
I like being a little star, being a big star is too much pressure and I don't like pressure at all.
I cannot stop the bleeding.
Try to pull out the worm by turning it around with a match stick.
The disease began all of a sudden.
I think it's possible that he may come.
I can't get along with him.
I can't tell him apart from his brother.
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
I can't thank him enough.
He can't afford to get married.
I can't help laughing at him.
You can't believe a word he says.
I can't manage without his support.
His debts amount to over $1,000.
We went without him because he wasn't ready.
We went without him since he wasn't ready.
You would have failed without his help.
But how did you manage to recognise us?
I would have failed without his help.
His annual income is more than $100,000.
I did my exam!
I made my exam!
He's ten years older than you.
Can you remember his name?
I can't follow his logic.
He is twice as old as I am.
Big changes are afoot.
My aunt is my father's sister.
UBS is the largest bank in private wealth management in Europe.
Maybe in another universe, sentient beings, as well as their very environment, are incorporeal.
Maybe in another universe, the physical laws are so different that everything from our point of view looks unfamiliar.
Maybe in another universe, beings are like clouds or shadows in a cloudy or shadowy milieu...
Maybe in a different universe, the emotional and psychic environment is even different from ours.
Maybe in a different universe, our basic five senses are useless and we would require different senses altogether.
Another universe is perhaps a different reality altogether...
Thus I have heard.
Nothing lasts forever.
My mother is a whiz on her Kindle.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs, and humans have friendship.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs and people have friendships.
I will become the most honored one in the world.
He can't swim a mile.
He has been sick in bed this past week.
He has been sick in bed for a week.
It looks like he might win first prize.
He will arrive on June 24th.
When did he become an adult?
When did your daughter become an adult?
Simplicity is the key.
He reluctantly went to see her.
Move the neck slowly from one side to the other. It's an excellent physical exercise.
I had a small mishap.
Even though he's wealthy, he isn't happy.
Even though he's wealthy, he's not happy.
He has money, but he's not happy.
Even though he has money, he isn't happy.
Where did she go yesterday?
He once had a lot of land.
He once owned a lot of land.
How long has he been living in Ankara? -For two years.
Since when has he been living in Ankara?
He has been living in Ankara since 2006.
He has been living in Ankara for six years.
He lived in Ankara for six years.
How long did he live in Ankara?
May all your dreams come true.
She's double-jointed.
Because it was cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Because it was very cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Perhaps you are mistaken.
Perhaps she is mistaken.
"Too much garlic" is an oxymoron.
Ideally, food should be tasty, cheap, healthy, and morally inoffensive.
Our random selection has chosen you as a possible winner!
Tea, drunk from a new thermos, tastes a little metallic.
The last time that I smelled something similar to this tea was in the giraffe house at the zoo.
From the point of view of eternity, "this year" is a very precise point in time.
His ex-wife obtained a court order that forbid him from coming closer than 200 yards.
He always swims with the current.
For him, it always goes in one ear and out the other.
Outside it's cold as a witch's tit.
You said that you were happy.
He said that he was happy.
He knocks the mighty from the throne and elevates the humble.
She said, "Trust me."
He said, "Trust me."
I will give you a laptop.
I'm sure he'll pass the upcoming exam.
I'm sure he'll pass the next exam.
He finished this work by himself.
He will pass the upcoming examination.
He will pass the next examination.
He had a lot to do with that project.
He did the work by himself.
We're pupils.
That is a hotel.
One cannot survive without money.
You can't please everyone.
The most important thing in life is to be yourself.
Your feet will lead you to where your heart is.
If he had worked harder, he could have succeeded.
Let's pretend we are ninjas.
I can't trust what she says.
You can't trust what she says.
We can't trust what she says.
Even though the weather was bad, I decided to go out.
Since there were no customers, we closed the shop early.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop early.
Will they pay it?
This meat is chicken.
Are you saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
Would you tell me how to sillabify the word?
He didn't confirm.
She didn't confirm.
You didn't confirm.
I could see that.
Without music, life would be an error.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
If you're not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
My infancy was more than happy.
Nobody sings better in the shower than Anna!
She has yet to answer any of the questions.
The paint was a little hard, so it had to be stirred.
Mary was burned while she stirred the rice.
She dances well, but she has to move more.
Who was rummaging through my things?
Mary felt the baby move.
Hurry up, kid, we've got a lot of travelling to do.
Peter said that he saw the body move.
John was trained in information systems, but he doesn't work with computers.
I have twenty thousand reals saved up in the bank, but I don't think I can touch the money until my son finishes high school.
He stirred the paint before using it.
Upon seeing the snake under my feet, José whispered, "Don't move."
I'm feeling the baby move.
The little girl said that she saw the statue of the dinosaur move.
I will stay until the end.
The game consists of staying the longest possible time without moving.
Is Peter always sleeping?
You're the only one who didn't understand the irony of what I said.
Write down your address and home phone number.
Tom arrived after Mary had already left.
It's possible we'll arrive at the Tokyo station around noon.
The world is small.
This scene was stored in the back of your mind.
Don't worry, go have fun!
I hope it was a prank!
The metallic gate to what seemed to be another universe became the paragon of postmodern Shinto.
The researcher said that taking the red pill would send him to another universe.
The space cadets said that at the end of the wormhole might be another universe.
The supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy remained a mystery for thousands of years...
An ancient people left a ringed contraption on the forsaken planet. It was supposed to be an entrance to another universe.
By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it.
The galactic military used wormholes to hop around the universe.
An ancient race left ringed contraptions throughout the galaxy to shortcut through space-time.
He actually thought that the human body extended into other dimensions that we can't perceive. What a funny man!
He's a strange doctor. He said that a full diagnosis would require him to scan the patient's body in other dimensions.
He's an eccentric man who thought that time was not linear.
Galaxies are islands separated by enormous distances.
Experiments in space-time shortcuts proved dangerous during those brave millennia.
He takes the purple pill so he doesn't feel bored.
With this white and brown pill, you'll understand everything about Buddhism.
Children these days don't go to school, but instead receive information intravenously.
It's been centuries since money lost its paper and coin incarnations. They're just digits in the computer now.
The "moneyless society" became centuries-old fantasy.
Positive ions are called cations.
The number of space stations grew gradually over several centuries as humanity expanded into the Orion Spur of the galaxy.
Typically, a space station serviced a locale at least several light-years radially.
The first space stations rotated axially to produce artificial gravity.
Gigantic space stations were soon constructed with parkland inside the shell structure.
Agriculture became possible inside the shell structure of space stations.
Space colonists thought that language was an important aspect of their lives. They sought an appropriate language.
As centuries passed, humanity became more serious in implementing constructed languages as they deemed natural ones to be insufficient.
Soon, learning a language became as easy as taking a little pill.
Nothing in Chinese cuisine has impressed me like Pu-Erh tea.
Anyone who has never strung a spinet, clavichord, or harpsichord cannot imagine what kinds of problems can arise, from the choice of strings, to the actual stretching of the strings until they are tuned.
The subsequent years after First Contact allowed humanity to skip what could have been millennia of material and spiritual development.
During First Contact, humanity did not know what to expect of the alien race.
First Contact became humanity's salvation as it was at the brink of self-destruction.
First Contact became the most important turning point in human history.
After First Contact, the material and spiritual development of humanity flourished.
John Dalton created the Atomic Theory.
Atoms form molecules.
During First Contact, the alien visitors would not show themselves physically.
For years during First Contact, people on Earth wondered what the alien visitors might look like.
During millennia of space exploration, human travellers found remnants and ruins of ancient alien civilizations. It was "Knock, knock, who's there?" but there was no answer...
The human space explorers could not make sense of the well-preserved ancient alien machinery.
Ancient alien ruins in faraway outposts of the Human Space Sphere spooked many generations.
I'm a liar.
The study of futurology was his forte.
Futurology includes notions of probabilities.
It suddenly started raining.
A person is worth more than money.
I like painting, too.
I also like painting.
I'm a beginner, too.
No, I don't understand.
I don't understand what she wants me to do.
Help me print this.
In his country, a birthday was celebrated not just for a day, but for a whole week.
He was not from a "numerical" culture; that is, it was not their habit to count everything in life.
His culture was not concerned so much about physicality.
He visited the grand temple every day.
He liked drinking rose milk...
Watching the elephant show was amusing.
The researchers said that the sun was quite stable, and was not expected to go nova anytime soon.
Rising pollution levels contributed to the greenhouse effect that would lead to partially melting the polar ice caps.
When their home star went nova, their civilization was destroyed.
One theory held that a meteor killed the age of dinosaurs.
The Solar System has only eight planets now as Pluto, which was the ninth, has been reclassified as a dwarf planet.
The Solar System has four gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
The surface of Jupiter is inhospitable with more than two and a half times Earth's gravity and a poisonous gas atmosphere.
The Solar System has four terrestrial or telluric planets: Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars.
He had to choose between "Earthling" and "Terran" for their demonym.
His skeptical friend said that a truly productive space industry may be hundreds, if not thousands, of years from now.
As people are still generally insufficiently educated, wars are still inevitable.
Back in the early 20th century, many thought that Venus was a watery world. Now in the 21st century, we know that Venus is like a big misty oven.
Technological progress is slower in actuality in many respects according to some perspectives.
The romance about outer space still lives in a few of us.
According to the UN, the world population exceeded 7 billion in October of the year 2011.
Some people believe in the trio of science, religion, and magic.
Some believe that spirituality is utterly different from religiosity.
Numerology is a serious religion amongst many Orientals as it is a separate thing altogether to what many classify as regular religions.
Speaking in some languages sounds like praying.
Speaking in some languages sounds like playing.
Their favourite subject was eschatology.
Their perspective was very eschatological as if they were a very privileged generation.
He thought of himself as a speck of dust in an immensely vast universe.
Their mistake was thinking of themselves as centrality. Humanity is not the centre of the universe. The Earth is not the centre of the universe.
The Earth and the Solar System in which it is are located in the Orion Spur, not even a full, genuine Arm of the Milky Way galaxy.
In more pleasant places in the world, people want to live longer. It is the converse in less pleasant places.
Titan's black rivers and black lakes of methane were a sight to behold with ringed Saturn and the faint distant sun in the cloudy horizon.
The Martian red desert stretched beyond and around me as I was wearing a spacesuit with oxygen tanks. The air outside was thinner, of course, than the Earth's. There was some breeze that would otherwise blow tumbleweeds on Earth's own deserts.
Barsoom was the biggest Martian town. It had the fanciest saloon. It was the Wild, Wild Red.
Leave it behind.
I still have big plans to come and see you.
I don't want to miss you.
Maybe we're gonna work.
She is the editor-in-chief.
She is the executive editor.
As an admirer of the racecourses, it was hard to accept the rebuilding of a cultural heritage, the Ügető, to a shopping mall floating in pink.
The centre of the Galactic Empire was a palatial garden planet.
Sentient beings throughout the Galactic Empire could send telepathic messages across vast distances.
Entertainment on his planet meant doing multidimensional higher mathematics.
He did not believe in physical space flight, but astral projection through the vastness he considered possible.
He claimed to have astrally projected himself to a remote jungle planet in the Andromeda galaxy.
He said that one's body was a prison if only one did not know astral projection.
By that time, astral projection became a prerequisite course in his university.
This article is more interesting than the previous one.
This article is more interesting as compared to the previous one.
This newspaper article is more interesting than the previous one.
Perhaps the surface of Jupiter is like ambiguous slush under dense poisonous gases.
He wrote the article "Robotic Mining and Minerals on Martian Terrain."
He wrote the article "Artificial Intelligence in Martian Colonial Life Support Systems."
He wrote the article "Psychological Fitness for Colonists in Martian Habitats."
He wrote the article "Exobiological Presence in Alpha Centauri."
He wrote the article "Interstellar Voyages with Passengers in Cryogenic Suspension."
I would like to book a bedroom.
I'd like to book a bedroom.
The drum is weak.
Since when?
Tom swears like a sailor.
I rarely listen to the radio.
I seldom listen to the radio.
I almost never listen to the radio.
What did your boyfriend give you for your anniversary?
Let's go all together!
It's the happiest place in earth!
My car battery died in the middle of the freeway.
Give dad an hour and he'll have it fixed.
Coconut oil does wonders!
Use it as a body cream when you get out of the shower.
It tastes great, too.
I can't wait for it!
Tom moped on his moped.
She's got the measure of you.
I can't speak German.
She's about the same age as my older sister.
She's about the same age as my sister.
They are currently attending a meeting.
Was it like last year?
I'd love to learn how to fly a helicopter.
Gold circulates because it has value, but paper money has value because it circulates.
He treats me like a child.
Had he heard the news, he might have been shocked.
He seldom gets angry.
He almost never gets angry.
He rarely gets angry.
I hate long flights.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
It would be nice of you to use the caliper instead of your ruler : it's much more accurate!
It's a toy that the whole world knows.
The Greeks invented the comma, not for their literature but for their actors, to warn them to take a deep breath in preparation of an upcoming long phrase; thus a comma represents a pause.
What is a presentation?
How are presentations organized?
What auxilliary materials or machines can presenters use when making a presentation?
How can a presentation be made interesting?
I'm going to talk about pollution and its effects.
Dr. Zamenhof didn't give us any rules for the use of punctuation in Esperanto, because he well knew what a bone of contention that would be.
He takes a walk every morning.
A million lemmings can't be wrong.
He likes swimming in the summer.
Words wound more easily than they heal.
The daughter of envy is defamation.
Things are not what they seem.
A mirror is better than an entire row of ancestral portraits.
She really got on my nerves.
She's always busy on weekdays.
I need it right away. Please hurry!
They were afraid of being overheard.
You are the ruler of your words, but, once said, they rule you.
We're not a party!
We are not a party!
He devoted a lot of time to study.
I'll try to follow your advice.
I will try to follow your advice.
I am afraid of cats.
Yesterday she smiled at me.
Under these conditions we can not work together.
In Germany people only can marry in registry office.
I give my friend a bunch of flowers.
At nights I read book for my son.
What do you advise me?
By seeing an elephant's tusk you know it is larger than a bull; by seeing a tiger's tail you know it is larger than a fox; by seeing one thing, you know many of them.
I don't know how to sew or embroider.
I don't want to regret later in life having missed out on something in my youth.
That tradition has fallen by the wayside.
Wiser words were never spoken.
"He's been sick." "Oh really, I hope it's nothing serious."
He was groomed from a young age to take over the family business.
We owe more on our house than it's worth.
A good night's sleep will do you a world of good.
Let's see how the negotiations play out before making our decision.
Where are my cigarettes?
Here be dragons.
He's a man we can trust.
He's strong enough to lift that.
He stays up till late at night.
He was angry with his students.
He's somewhere in the park.
She quickly opened the letter.
She doesn't have any children, does she?
They intend to get married tomorrow.
They plan to get married tomorrow.
They crossed the border.
He can't take care of himself.
He died before I arrived.
Can you drive a stick shift?
Can you drive manual?
Can you drive stick?
Can you drive a car with manual transmission?
Can you drive a five speed?
He's not as old as my brother.
He isn't as old as my brother.
He pretended not to be hurt.
He pretended not to know me.
I respect everybody's opinion.
True love doesn't exist!
True love does not exist!
It was ironic.
He hops from one place to the other.
I can't eat chocolate!
You don't have to answer those questions.
I'll call you tomorrow morning.
I will call you tomorrow morning.
You should take her advice.
I've had my driving license confiscated.
It might rain. We should take an umbrella.
Sabu had been doxed.
Sabu turned FBI snitch.
I met her during my stint there.
We're chopping off their head.
Does anyone know where you can buy birthday party invitations?
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
How do you spell it?
I need a crew.
You know where to find me.
Ice skating can be graceful and beautiful.
You must walk before you can run.
Can I cry?
I'm about to cry!
I am about to cry!
Hormones pollute the judgement.
She is Russian.
The times are hard.
The times are tough.
I want to chat with someone who speaks English.
Most of the revellers are tourists.
He's paralytic.
He's as drunk as a fiddler.
He's wasted.
He's shit-faced.
He's piss drunk.
He's trashed.
He's tanked.
We get along famously.
How old was she when she got married?
Can you help her out before they catch her?
Do you have 5,000 yen you could lend me?
Is Mr. Ozawa going to be the next manager?
If he comes, what should I say to him?
Three years have gone by since we got married.
It's been three years since we got married.
What worries me about religion is that it teaches people to be satisfied with not understanding.
One of my favorite sentences in the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" book is: "I could say the multiplication table up to six times seven is thirty-five, and I don't take no stock in mathematics, anyway".
You must reboot your computer.
I haven't been in contact with Mr. Smith recently.
This stone was too heavy for me to lift.
The storm kept us from searching for the missing child.
Because of the storm, we couldn't search for the lost child.
I found the work easy, since I had done that kind of work before.
I got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train.
Mr. Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
What's a joke?
What is a joke?
Students usually like club activities better than their classes.
Dry the pants on the radiator.
Children who are sixteen years old or younger may not enter the theater.
Everything genius is simple.
I haven't seen any of my old classmates since I graduated 15 years ago.
I plan to study this afternoon after I get home.
On my way home from school yesterday, I was caught in a shower.
Help me, I took the bus in Morroco.
Those things are parasites!
I must finish the report before 8pm.
She went that way.
I almost finished.
My placement supervisor allowed me to take a day off.
The whole thing turned out to be a Ponzi scheme.
There, just connect your computer to the power strip.
You need to study more.
And now, what?
I won't bore you with the details.
Can we postpone our tomorrow's amorous encounter?
I wasn't offended by that.
Men's things are sold on the third floor.
You can choose one of them.
You may choose one of them.
Today I learned that I have accomplished one of my goals.
The research is completed?
The research is finished?
I got up earlier than usual to get the first train.
I got up earlier than usual to catch the first train.
I wrote to Mr. Wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm.
I could hardly tell who was who.
I can't understand why they're such good friends. They have hardly anything in common.
Since their conversation was in French, I couldn't understand a word.
As soon as she opened the door, a white dog ran out of the house.
There are no special rules about what clothes we have to wear.
There is no dress code.
I left home early so I wouldn't miss the train.
I left home early because I didn't want to miss the train.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveler's checks with us.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had little contact with her father.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father.
Will you please connect me with Mr. Smith?
Will you remind me to mail these letters?
Have you gotten everything ready for tomorrow?
Are the preparations for tomorrow complete?
Is everything ready for tomorrow?
How many times a month do you go to the movies?
I hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke.
I hate it when my clothes smell like cigarettes.
I have been obsessed with French recently.
Now that I got guaranties, I am no longer afraid.
Have you ever heard of a custom as strange as this?
How long did the Maya culture flourish?
Have you already decided what to do next Sunday?
Have you decided what to do next Sunday?
How many times a year do you go scuba diving?
Why didn't he come to the party?
Will you show me how to use this camera?
Did Mr. Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Did you see the cowboy movie on TV last night?
Have you gotten settled into your new house yet?
Is this where your mother works?
Is this the place where your mother works?
Who is the gentleman he is speaking to?
I'm not well.
Have you gotten used to eating Japanese food yet?
We really should buy a new car, shouldn't we?
What time did you close the store last night?
Will you please arrange for me to meet Mr. Doi?
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
How about having a barbecue party next Sunday?
Do we need to bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
I wonder if there'll be more snow this year than last year.
Is this the dictionary you're looking for?
I wonder why women outlive men.
I wonder why women live longer than men.
On Mondays, he's always at home.
Excuse me, but would you please open the window?
Were you going to the train station when I saw you?
Do you know where to go or who to ask for information?
Do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river?
I did that yesterday.
The war is essentially over.
Too often, wisdom is simply prudence that has ground to a halt.
This is worthy of merit.
We do very good business.
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station happen?
How many times a month do you write a letter to your mother?
Am I dreaming?
I chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil.
Could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you?
I remember now.
Was it Mr. Yamada that came to see me yesterday while I was out?
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April fifth or sixth?
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
If you think you're someone, you stop becoming someone.
He's always at home on Mondays.
He's no original thinker, but simply imitates what others have already said and done.
Tom is in the heart of the action.
Tom is a member of the SAS.
Tom found the exercise mentally draining.
Tom came in first.
Tom is Mary's mentor.
This was a wake-up call for Tom.
This was a wake up call for Tom.
Tom is in the lead.
Tom won the triathlon.
Tom is a triathlete.
Tom has a huge cock.
I just want to improve as much as I can.
Tom thinks it tastes like chicken.
This is Tom's flat.
Tom needs to lose a bit of weight.
Tom's dreams came true.
Tom rehearsed for two days.
Mary auditioned for the part.
Tom lives in Wales.
Tom's car broke down.
Tom finished second.
Do you pronounce it "Zed" or "Zee"?
Tom is not fast enough.
Tom uses two computers at the same time.
Tom is improving.
Mary wants to marry a Formula 1 driver.
Mary has unrealistic expectations.
Mary wants to marry a millionaire.
Tom is calm.
Tom is focused.
Tom is doing very well.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
I'm a bit confused.
Tom is the winner.
Tom won the competition.
We will have much fun.
We need to finish the job.
Tom had a minor accident.
Tom had a major accident.
Remember, respect is everything.
Live your life with the precision of a Samurai.
We still wait.
I missed you a lot yesterday!
I pretended to support him.
I was very moved by her kindness.
I was surprised by her sudden visit.
Where are your pictures?
He looked at me with consternation, saying that he must put a comma somewhere.
The walls are covered with blood.
Even though he had a cold, he went to work.
He had a cold, but he went to work.
No matter what she says, remain calm.
Stay calm no matter what she says.
Both brothers said that they couldn't support both a wife and an airplane, so they spent their lives as bachelors.
Russia is a very big country.
The reason both brothers gave for remaining bachelors was that they couldn't support both airplanes and a wife.
I bought many books.
I bought a lot of books.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about her.
In spite of the fact that she's rich, she says she's poor.
Even though she's rich, she says she's poor.
He's young, but he's very intelligent.
He's young, but he's very wise.
Everyone is in favor of your idea.
An earthquake can happen at any time.
Any flower will do as long as it's red.
As long as it is cheap, any watch will do.
Any watch will do as long as it is cheap.
It was already after 8 o'clock, so we called it a day.
No matter how sleepy you are, brush your teeth.
Without advice, you would have failed.
His salary is 250,000 yen per month.
His success was mostly due to good luck.
No matter how tired you are, you have to do it.
No matter how tired you might be, you have to do it.
These are all I have.
Beautiful day.
That's part of it.
I can't eat raw eggs. They have to be cooked.
I can't see the advantage of doing that.
I can't, however, agree with your opinion.
I wasn't able to get rid of my doubts about that.
I think that he might miss the train.
I had planned to visit the temple last week.
I met Mr. Smith on the street by accident.
I missed seeing that movie. Did you see it?
I remember mailing your letter yesterday.
I'd like you to be my guest tonight.
Please stay at my house tonight.
I'm sure that he went to Tokyo.
I think it's dangerous to swim in this lake.
I think it's impossible for us to beat him.
I think it's necessary for him to go there.
I think he needs to go there.
I think you need to eat more.
I think it's not good for him to go alone.
I don't think it's good for him to go alone.
I used to play tennis when I was a young student.
I was quite shocked by this.
I was more than a little shocked by this.
I was surprised by his sudden appearance.
I was surprised by the news this morning.
I'll go even if it rains heavily.
As the crow flies, it's about 20 miles from here.
He needs to follow my advice.
Thousands of people sleep rough in the freezing cold.
They're tears of joy.
They are tears of joy.
It rained a lot that winter.
It seems that Mr. Brooke is an honest person.
He died of natural causes.
He was born in the March of Brandenburg.
He was the last Arch Seneschal of the Holy Roman Empire.
If Bin Laden comes, tell him I'm in the store.
You're special.
You are special.
I'm in your hands.
I am in your hands.
I'm into your hands.
I am into your hands.
I saw you yesterday.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Tamori.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind yet.
Let's hurry so we can catch the bus.
Mr. Long and Mr. Smith spoke to each other.
I'm still hungry.
Susie's mother is a very beautiful woman.
Betty was the last to arrive.
Those Hungarian girls are very pretty.
That's a student my father teaches.
He is precisely the one you are looking for.
I love elderberry juice.
What awful weather!
The man we saw this morning was Mr. Green.
This tea is too hot to drink.
Mario is so sick that he can barely move.
The telephone is out of order, Mr. Tamori.
I won't tolerate such language!
I am not used to staying up late at night.
I don't associate with Mr. Tanaka any more.
I ran into Mr. Yoshiyuki at Shibuya station.
He's a leading authority in his field.
I think it's good for you to read this book.
Eventually, he changed his mind.
Housing is a right.
The balance of nature is very vulnerable.
And another day went by.
He cancelled the meeting at the last minute.
We need at least eight hours of sleep each day.
What more can you give that I haven't already got?
I watched the wife kill her own son.
Every month I get paid 300,000 yen.
It's the perfect weekend music!
Tom found the exercise exhausting.
Tom is a pro.
Tom is just an amateur.
That's where Tom started his career.
It's very sticky.
I can speak Chinese.
I learned a lot this weekend.
Tom underwent surgery.
Tom passed the physical test.
That's rubbish.
Tom participated in the Boston marathon.
Tom runs a 9 minute mile.
Mary runs the mile in 7 minutes.
Tom spilled the milk.
It feels very similar to this one.
I'm very pleased with Tom's performance.
Tom is very pleased with Mary's performance.
Tom picked it up quicker than I thought he would.
Tom tried a few different techniques.
The walls were covered with graffiti.
Here, you can get close to the action.
Tom likes to get close to the action.
Tom wants to get close to the action.
We don't have this in Europe.
It's a bit greasy.
Tom has proved that it works.
She is talking.
Can you speak Indonesian?
Tom is on the bobsleigh team.
It's been a good day.
He has adapted extremely well.
I'm feeling pretty confident.
Here the weather is very beautiful.
There isn't much time.
It's a hot button topic.
Tom won the championship.
Saturday is the last day of week.
Let's see how the negotiations pan out before we decide.
The soldiers decimated the unruly population.
Keep a cool head.
It's vibrating.
Tom is very calm.
What can you do?
That happens sometimes.
It's a shame.
They should be fine.
Tom applied for citizenship.
Tom and Mary are playing battleship.
Tom said he saw the invisible man today.
Are you always busy?
Tom and Mary are playing Rummy with their friends.
Tom and Mary are playing 500 Rum.
Tom and Mary are playing Canasta.
Tom has an automatic card shuffler.
Tom and Mary are playing Gin rummy.
Tom and Mary are playing poker.
Tom and Mary are playing mahjong.
Tom and Mary are playing Uno.
Tom and Mary are playing with the pokers. That's quite dangerous.
Mary poked Tom in the eye with a stick.
Mary was killed with a fireplace poker.
Tom and Mary are playing Clue with their friends.
Tom and Mary are playing Cluedo with their friends.
Miss Scarlett was killed with a candlestick in the ballroom.
Tom slipped and tore his hamstring.
Tom has been working hard.
Tom lost four pounds in body fat.
Tom has 7% body fat.
Mary is a crossfit athlete.
Mary is getting leaner and stronger.
It's the gold standard.
There's a secret passage.
Who among us is perfect?
Tom is perfect.
Tom is extremely fit.
Tom and Mary played The Settlers of Catan last night.
Tom and Mary played Pictionary last night.
Tom and Mary are playing cops and robbers.
Tom and Mary are playing tag.
Tom and Mary are playing cowboys and Indians.
Aaww! He's so cute.
Tom is a dental technician.
It's going to be great and exciting to be there.
I think we're going to have a very strong team.
You can see the Empire State Building from here.
Tom and Mary are members of the Galactic Council.
Tom is the new secretary general of the United Nations.
I love this game.
It was excruciating.
Never again.
Tom ran the marathon in under five hours.
What a remarkable performance!
It's your only chance.
I was furious.
Tom and Mary are playing Monopoly.
Tom speaks Romansh.
It's very dark.
I've got no worries.
You must continue to train.
Tom took part in a promotional event.
Tom is also a good instructor.
It's the ultimate test.
It's the big one.
It's an ambitious project.
Keep your nose clean.
Stay out of trouble.
I have a bit of time to relax.
Tom faced the media scrum.
Tom was forced to make a radical decision.
I can't hear anything because of the noise.
Things are looking good.
Tom passed with flying colors.
I don't know what else to say.
Now, it's time to celebrate.
See you next week.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.
They like to sing.
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.
Please stop crying.
It's against the rules to smoke at the office.
Should I take this medicine?
Drinking wine aids digestion.
Do you really want to see a French film?
John felt like there were ghosts in the dark room.
He is definitely not a gentleman.
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
Susan polished her father's shoes.
Boil chestnuts for at least 15 minutes.
He had no place to live.
What impression do you have of China?
She is wearing a hat.
I want you to have me.
What is the name of that bird?
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.
The girl I told you about lives here.
For example, if I want to get downtown what bus should I take?
My heaven is never enough.
Is there someone that can drive?
Can anyone drive?
I haven't eaten there in a long time.
When are we going to get together?
A doctor can bury his mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
Birds have wings.
I heard that Mary wants a divorce.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
Don't keep criticizing me!
She's unaware of her beauty.
She ran up to him.
Her oldest daughter got married.
Only four horses were in the race.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
He worked in a big city hospital.
Don't lose your temper no matter what he says.
Where's the post office?
Don't make promises you can't keep.
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.
If I had done my best, I might have succeeded.
Did you find your contact lenses?
Hi babe, where have you been?
No matter how fast you run, you won't be in time.
I can't put up with his temper any longer.
Have you eaten lunch?
I don't want to drink anything.
She cried all night.
She took a bite of the apple.
Is there a gas station near here?
Say hi to your father for me.
I just had a quick look. It wasn't interesting at all.
I had my composition corrected by Mr. Jones.
I helped him carry his luggage upstairs.
This matter is very urgent.
She's highly influenced by current trends.
She follows the latest craze.
Who are your most interesting friends?
I think it's important to tell him the facts.
In the future, be more careful with your money.
From now on, be more careful with your money.
In his business, he can't do without a car.
When I was a child, I believed in Santa Claus.
There's no need to change the oil every 3000 miles.
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo.
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
I can't stand noisy children.
Can you lend me your bicycle?
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.
Without water, we can not survive.
Japan is not as big as Canada.
It is spelled the same in both languages.
It is the same word in both languages.
It's necessary for her to go herself.
It seems she is over thirty years old.
It was a window that Tom broke yesterday.
The fact that she had gotten married twice was true.
It was true that she had gotten married twice.
Mr. Jones hasn't been here as far as I know.
Mr. Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr. Yamada was kind enough to drive me home.
My brother didn't have the courage to swim across the river.
My family has lived here for twenty years.
Our request for a pay raise was turned down.
The hotel charged me 8,000 yen for the room.
The Yamada family lives in the apartment below this one.
This is the book you are looking for.
This is the boy I met there yesterday.
If necessary, I have no objection to paying a special fee.
This is the person they say stole the car.
It's really hot here in the summer.
Since you have a fever, you should stay home.
A person is a bachelor if and only if that person is a marriageable man who has never married.
You can come in if and only if you know our password.
I won’t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely.
Unless there is reliable evidence for it, we should not believe anything.
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.
As long as you’ve prepared, you won’t have any problems.
You can only come to China if you’ve got a visa.
Only if you study hard will you be able to get into university.
If you go to Beijing, definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square.
If she didn't see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
If you’re going to be like this I’ll just leave.
If your visa expires, you must leave China.
I finally graduated from junior high school.
If you don’t do more exercise, you’ll be unhealthy.
If you like beer, you might like wine.
If you’re hungry, have something to eat.
Correlation does not imply causation.
Let’s drink wine or beer.
Let’s either speak Chinese, or not speak at all.
Whether you agree or not, I’m going to do it.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
The city government wants to set up special cycle lanes. However, a lot of drivers oppose the idea.
We ordered the products on time. However, they won’t be dispatched until next month.
At that time, the train was very crowded.
She’s a foreigner, but speaks Chinese excellently.
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
America has the world’s largest economy, and its army is the most powerful.
This idea is a misperception, and makes no sense.
I don't have time to write.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr. Smith.
I think it's dangerous to walk alone at night.
I thought it was strange that he didn't turn up.
Love's pleasure is ephemeral; regret eternal.
I was born in Osaka, but I was brought up in Tokyo.
I worked on Mr. Wood's farm when I was young.
Traffic in ivory is illegal.
My body is not as flexible as it used to be.
No one can live to be two hundred years old.
The man we saw in the park was Mr. Hill.
The woman he married is very beautiful.
There is nothing as important as friendship.
There you see the gate that Mr. Jones built.
Cheer up! Things are not as bad as you think.
I can't put up with his insults any longer.
I found the key I had been looking for.
I spoke in a voice loud enough to be heard by everyone.
I studied really hard in order to pass the exam.
I think you need to go in person.
I think the movie is a very heart warming one.
I will go to Kumamoto to see Mr. Aoi tomorrow.
I plan to go to Kumamoto tomorrow to see Mr. Aoi.
If it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If by any chance it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If by some chance Jason calls me, tell him I'm not here.
If we miss the train, we'll go by bus.
Mr. Smith founded this school forty years ago.
Mr. Soarez has been my close friend for years.
I'm not feeling well today.
Other factors of importance, which make litigation of large corporations more difficult, are the size and complexity of their activities.
Do you remember Mr. Saito?
Mr. Ford is all right now.
Mr. White's yard is large.
Is Mr. Jones in the office?
Mr. Itoh will call the roll.
Mr. Hawk is a kind gentleman.
The teacher's name was Mr. Grey.
I suggest that you see Mr. White.
Mr. Ito is a highly educated man.
He's on good terms with Mr. Brown.
I'll give you a local anesthetic.
An infidel's greatest defeat is ending up in paradise.
Mr. Smith established this school forty years ago.
I'm bored at home!
The ship sank in the sea.
A submarine can travel over and under the water.
Yes, I think so, too.
She is the youngest of my three children.
I don't want to go to bed yet.
It's open year-round from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Do you often go shopping?
Fill this bottle with water.
He lives alone in the woods.
Where were you between one and three o'clock?
The official start is on Saturday.
Nobody showed up today.
He keeps surprising me.
He can barely read.
He said he hadn't been inside the room. That is a lie.
Is the work too hard for you?
What time is breakfast?
He apologized to us for being late.
They appointed Mr. White as manager.
I feel exactly the same as Mr. Isoda.
Mr. Yoshida never breaks his promise.
I made it from scratch.
Send it to me.
The terrorists swore vengeance on that country.
Every insult from Joel is just a hidden compliment.
One smile a day keeps the doctor away!
If the study of foreign languages is pursued in depth, so as to improve the mind, then it requires an immense amount of time. If it is superficial, it adds nothing to intellectual development.
Esperanto is an international and easy language!
I think she is over forty years old.
Mary is a year behind in school.
Congress passed the bill.
Anything is infinitely better than nothing.
Doing anything no matter how small is infinitely better than doing nothing.
Tom started screaming like a 15-year old girl.
Tom has an extravagant lifestyle.
Tom made some bad investments.
Tom had three failed marriages.
He has done it in just a few years.
I never heard from him again.
They'll never know we're here.
Tom is the best player on the team.
Tom teaches sport psychology.
Mary gave Tom a hug.
Tom has been suspended without pay.
Tom turned out to be right.
Tom was beaten and robbed.
It's a gross distortion of the truth.
Dawn is coming.
Tom was ostracized.
Tom punched him in the face.
Tom can barely afford to pay rent let alone buy a PC.
That's too long.
The price is simply mind blowing.
It's dirt cheap.
Tom took a hard hit.
Tom is the only boy who doesn't like football.
I'm a complete idiot.
A win is a win!
Just try it out.
I found Volapük to be very complicated, contrary to Esperanto, which is very simple.
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.
Men should work.
We watched the children play.
He took me to the station.
We are a couple.
He doesn't have as many books as she does.
What's the daily fee?
Thank you very much for your gift.
This handbag is mine.
This is one of the best dictionaries I have.
Mr. Wang came to Japan to study Japanese.
Her writing is very good.
I have never heard of this actor.
You are irresistible.
She put on socks.
I drank two cups of coffee.
Mr. Kato was too old to work any longer.
My parents don't speak Dutch.
Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed.
Has anyone noticed that in Esperanto grammars they never talk about punctuation?
We are home.
It sounds like a lot of fun.
Listen to me.
It never happened.
It is gone.
Do not push that button.
Is this all the thing?
It is a black hole.
You should stay back.
Progress, man’s distinctive mark alone, Not God’s, and not the beasts’.
It is often said that the Japanese are hard workers.
I would like to learn how to dance.
You've gone too far!
She was very kind to everyone.
I really don't know.
My foot fell asleep.
We're going to the movies. Come with us.
My father spoils me.
His mother is writing a letter.
We have come to the clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. Necessitous men are not free men. People who are hungry and out of job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.
He liked eating Turkish delight, lokum.
We haven't spoken a word!
He said that Vling, the sophisticated prototype language, is a vast improvement over Chinese.
He said that real hope sprang from the probability that there is life elsewhere in the universe.
You made my night!
It sounds like I'm hired!
My parents told me that if I worked hard I would have a good carrier.
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
The suits in this row are all made of imported European fabric.
This color is a bit darker than that one.
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it.
That is not true.
Could you pass me the salt?
Silence reigned in the room.
Within two hours the sun had set.
You don't have to do it immediately.
You don't have to do it right away.
Do not speak so fast, please.
Listen! How do you spell it?
I've lost my passport!
Mari has been to Hungary.
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.
Listen carefully to me.
For the love of God!
It's incredible that your mother speaks six languages!
A hare stopped in the clover and swinging flowerbells and said his prayer to the rainbow through the spider's web.
The heaventree of stars hung with humid nightblue fruit.
I'll update it soon.
What's he up to?
Cat got your tongue?
It is clear that there is no classification of the Universe that is not arbitrary and full of conjectures.
As our vehicle leaves the ground and plunges over the edge of the cliff toward the valley floor, I ponder whether it is possible that one might allege I am guilty of an act of moral failure, having failed to maintain a proper course along the roadway.
Jaded zombies acted quietly but kept driving their oxen forward.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I'm confident of victory.
The man you met yesterday was Mr. Brown.
There was no time left for an explanation.
I'm only going to write small sentences without commas.
The man standing over there is Mr. Smith.
He finally realized that he was wrong.
What time will the train get to Yokohama?
What he says is total nonsense.
He submits to authority.
She sometimes gets depressed.
This wine tastes great.
They became very nervous.
Be careful driving or you'll have problems.
Drive carefully, or you'll run into trouble.
I should go.
What should I do if my husband is impotent?
What should I do if my wife snores?
He will be a good doctor.
Soccer is my favorite sport.
What's the climate there like?
This room's orientation is great.
This room's location is great.
Don't deceive yourself.
In the leaden backdrop of the dawn, the horseman stands in silence, the long mane of his horse, disheveled by the wind.
Learn Chinese, not to impress your future boss, but to understand what she is saying.
Please bring your own cutlery.
This heavy workload is too much for me.
I'm a winner!
You were always a winner.
You are victors!
You are number one!
Top of the class!
Consider the successes that have been achieved by tired, discouraged people who decided to give it one more try.
When there's a piano to be moved, don't reach for the stool.
Why do you come here?
Why are you here?
Why don't you come earlier?
Bollocks, where in God's name did I put my house keys?
You can't read anymore?
Am I in London?
This is your color!
I like curls.
That day will go down in history.
This isn't a big farm, but it's enough to provide fresh air.
Some politicians are wolves in sheep's clothing.
Mr. Brown has a magical way with children.
Mr. Fujimori is famous all over the world.
He's too young to drink.
I've been studying Chinese for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I'm getting a master's degree in education.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'
I am a very old man; how old I do not know.
Possibly I am a hundred, possibly more; but I cannot tell because I have never aged as other men, nor do I remember any childhood.
As I stood upon the bluff before my cottage on that clear cold night in the early part of March, 1886, the noble Hudson flowing like the grey and silent spectre of a dead river below me, I felt again the strange, compelling influence of the mighty god of war, my beloved Mars, which for ten long and lonesome years I had implored with outstretched arms to carry me back to my lost love.
Human life faces the same alternatives that confront all other forms of life—of adapting itself to the conditions under which it must live or becoming extinct.
So long as you live in a civilized or thickly populated community you will still need to understand your own nature and the natures of other people.
No matter what you desire of life, other people's aims, ambitions and activities constitute vital obstructions along your pathway.
One morning, when Victor woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a big mess of spaghetti.
The pen I lost yesterday was a new one.
That student raised his hand to ask a question.
Tom ordered a French bread pizza.
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle.
There's a cockroach in the bathroom.
There's a spider in the shower.
There's an ant in the hall.
There's a peacock in the courtyard.
Tom used a toothpick.
There's some mould in the showers.
Tom chickened out.
Tom is homesick.
Tom is panting.
Tom passed out from the heat.
That white parasol is hers.
Mary is wearing a plastic dress.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one litre in size.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one liter in size.
Tom is skittish.
Tom wiped his spectacles.
Tom wiped his glasses.
Two girls were hanging on to Tom's arms.
Tom was involved in a street brawl.
I don't like to wear shoes without socks.
All hell broke loose.
Mary works in a supermarket.
Tom likes reggae.
Why did you kiss me?
Tom has a black eye.
Tom beat Mary black and blue.
It's good training.
The coffin was loaded into the hearse.
I'm swamped with work.
Tom was cremated.
Tom passed away this morning.
The drunken sailors wrecked havoc inside the bar.
Tom always goes to the supermarket where Mary works.
Tom's father is very strict.
Tom was elated.
Show him who's boss!
Tom is a delinquent who comes from a rich home.
Tom is hyperactive.
You are the fifth wheel on the wagon.
The baby is due in a month.
Tom has dozens of mistresses.
Mary was the only female teacher.
Tom was sent to Coventry.
Mary gave Tom a stern look.
Mary was dressed in lycra.
I will give you a large folder.
It is said to be carcinogenic.
You must prepare that work before the deadline.
She has a slight lisp.
Suddenly, everything went black.
I also want it!
Suddenly, I blacked out.
Tom only listens to B-sides.
Tom rushed past me.
Tom looked petrified.
Mary is hysterical.
This shouldn't be allowed.
Tom took his shirt off.
Mary massaged my shoulders.
Tom told me his secret.
Tom told me he's getting married.
Tom is a natural athlete.
Mary and I plan to have two children.
Tom cracked a joke.
Mary is still living at home with her parents.
Mary thinks martial arts are silly.
Mary doesn't have expensive tastes.
After working hard all the weekend, finally we have a livable apartment!
He's faking.
She's faking.
"You're a murderer!" "No, I'm not!"
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
I have a terrible headache!
I sold my soul, but I wasn't using it anyways.
That's the person I've been waiting for.
I would like to know who my parents are.
We will endeavour to finish the job by the end of the week.
As soon as we got there, it began to rain.
It all makes sense now.
It was very hard for me to find your apartment.
Mr. Ford is what is called a self-made man.
Mr. Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Mr. Smith is now president of this company.
She accumulated a fortune by investing wisely.
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.
He heard a strange noise, so he jumped out of bed.
I think it's important to keep promises.
I think it's important for us to stay calm.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, you must be willing to practise saying the same sentence over and over in the same way that banjo players practise the same phrase over and over again until they can play it correctly and at the desired tempo.
I don't eat.
I owe him 10 dollars.
The train arrived bang on time.
The father, who is on business travel, always write to the son.
We must pay atention to our children.
The new decoration gave joy to the house.
I'm a cave diver.
He died diving on a cave.
I always made my mother proud.
I am eating.
I am eating fruit.
Do you like spicy food?
An uninvited guest is a pleasant surprise.
Spring is on the way!
The glass is half full or half empty?
This photo reminds me of Scotland.
Lincoln was assassinated in 1865.
This blog post gives us ample information on just how delusional the recording industry really is, and shows why they must be stopped.
It works on my machine.
He is a truly brave person.
Tom is the only person who can do this work.
Can you do that? I think so.
I demand that you remove your slanderous and defamatory comments at once or my lawyers will be in touch.
Fear my leet skills!
I should do it now.
Would you still love me if I wasn't a werewolf?
There is a cat on fire in my pants!
There was snow on the island of Lulus on January 14, 2012.
Wait! One! Two! Five--I mean, Three! Throw!
That's creepy.
Tom is a creep.
Tom is a pervert.
Tom should stop his tomfoolery.
The sirens are wailing.
The students burned their textbooks.
Mary had the last laugh.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
Tom threw an egg at Mary.
No alcohol is allowed on campus.
Tom and Mary attended a costume party.
I have a proposal.
Those keys aren't mine.
Pardon me, I didn't know you were still there.
He swore that he would no longer drink.
They have a different opinion regarding your problem.
The house there belongs to me.
We have a great school library.
How do you interpret the poem?
When do you plan on beginning?
George's heart was broken.
One quickly recaptured him.
What different types of meat do you sell?
If you had helped me, I would have succeeded.
I'm searching for friends here.
In a dictatorship laughing can be an indictable offense.
You have no right to throw me out.
That's as plain as the nose on your face.
Are you in favor of that policy or are you opposed to it?
Fire at will.
Are you afraid?
How are my buddies?
How'd you do it?
Are you afraid of it?
Tom always wears his seatbelt.
Better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer.
Tom doesn't like jazz.
Mary teaches yoga.
Where is the bridge?
Tom had a noodle soup.
Tom and Mary are backpackers.
Tom blacked out.
Tom had a grand time.
Tom woke up with a headache.
Tom woke up naked.
Mary is wearing a tie-dyed top.
He doesn't deserve that I should hurt his feelings.
How did you come to know about her?
We didn't give them a choice.
Oh, nothing special.
Please, go ahead.
I must look a sight.
Mr. Yoshida is too severe with his children.
She's going to get married to Mr. Johnson on June 4th.
This problem is too hard for me to solve.
Mr. Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
The doctor told Mr. Smith to give up smoking.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr. Carter.
Mr. Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.
Letters from Fiona came gradually less and less.
You are so pretentious!
Opportunities of time vouchsafed by Heaven are not equal to advantages of situation afforded by the Earth, and advantages of situation afforded by the Earth are not equal to the union arising from the accord of Men.
You just mocked me.
You are difficult and incorrigible.
I want it for my cat!
My brother wants to kill me.
It wasn't long before Mr. Yamazaki recovered.
The functions sine and cosine have a range of values between -1 and 1, inclusive.
Mr. Brown took charge of this class last year.
Mr. Smith had three sons who became engineers.
We tend to think that most dogs bite.
Mr. Kaifu is used to making speeches in public.
Mr. Taylor wishes he hadn't come to the party.
Mr. Ogawa is familiar with this neighborhood.
They came out of nowhere.
Tom came out of nowhere.
Mary has a slightly tanned skin.
Mary is quite superficial.
Mary is quite snobby.
Mary is quite fussy.
Mary comes from a good family.
Mary is easy-going and fun.
Tom is a sociologist.
Mary is a party girl.
Tom is a party animal.
Tom got suspended.
Tom is a party boy.
Tom is wearing a sombrero.
Tom is wearing a hat.
It's Tom's birthday today!
Tom is wearing a birthday hat.
Tom is wearing a party hat.
Tom wore only his birthday suit.
Mary asked Tom to go to the opera with her.
Mary is a materialist.
Tom and Mary are nouveau riche.
Mary tried to sneak into the nightclub.
Tom works as a bouncer.
Tom is a Baby Boomer.
Tom and Mary are rich kids.
They're just rich kids.
Tom goes to a top private school.
Tom works in a fast food joint.
Mary went to the tanning salon.
Mary likes to hang out with the bad boys.
Tom is a rebellious boy.
Mary is a rebellious girl.
Tom is a lecherous old man.
He loved the change.
What's the ideal age for a man?
What's the ideal age for a girl?
Tom and Mary are wearing their school uniforms.
Mary is a bad girl.
Tom likes to hang out around here.
This book was accused of having a bad influence on youth.
Tom is a puritan.
Tom is an elitist.
You should know how to cook a chicken.
He is going to be in charge.
I want it in my office.
I want him in my office.
I need to see him again.
You weren't interrogated today, right?
You were not interrogated today, were you?
What are you on about?
He didn't exactly cover himself in glory.
Tom's home and office were searched by the police.
Mary is a porcelain maker.
Mary is a potter.
Mary uses a potter's wheel.
I'm in a desperate situation.
Tom is using the blow torch.
Tom is using the blowtorch.
Tom is using the blowlamp.
Tom doesn't believe in life after death.
Tom believes in the existence of the soul.
Mary bought a new winter coat.
It's a picture of Mary and her long-haired boyfriend.
Tom is stark naked.
Mary comes from the upper middle-class.
Tom was expelled from private school.
Tom and Mary visited Northern Europe.
Tom and Mary visited Scandinavia.
Tom has an iPhone.
Mary read the German translation.
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast.
Mary's nipples became erect.
Tom bought two copies of the book.
This did not happen.
This never happened.
Tom lives an active life.
When in Rome...
Would you be able to write down the link to the site?
I wish you wouldn't do that.
This is rather foolish.
I wish you didn't do that.
Tom woke up at the crack of dawn.
Everyone is trying his best.
Tom wears thick-rimmed glasses.
She lives two doors down.
Be patient.
It would be nice if it stopped raining.
They say that one look is worth more than thousand words.
At the risk of surprising you, I happen to work.
When I looked at her, she looked down.
They tried to escape.
She calmed herself before beginning to speak.
The sun will also shine for us.
I am very tired when I get home at night.
The roof is very low.
Who's one of your favorite bass players?
Mary knows nothing of sewing or knitting.
They went to an expensive restaurant for lunch.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoelaces.
Tom is a Rhodes scholar.
Mary is a brave girl.
Tom became a whistleblower.
Tom drank the Kool-Aid.
Tom was laid off.
Tom was made redundant.
Tom got laid.
Don't trust anyone here.
It's a great conversation starter.
I hate to contradict you.
Who's headlining Glastonbury this year?
Tom doesn't want to take risks.
Tom is incredibly good.
Does this ring a bell?
Tom likes money.
That is a very good thing.
There's nothing wrong with that. Not at all.
Tom bought a Geiger counter.
It's as simple as that.
It's misleading.
Tom is fairly pretentious.
Tom walked around the island.
Tom is a dumbass.
I'm learning German now.
He who acts well needs not to fear.
Is there a problem with that television?
He's a world-famous writer.
The problem is in the motor.
When there is no question word in a sentence asking a question, one uses the word "ĉu”.
Zamenhof is the creator of Esperanto.
Perfect people don't exist.
The woman is fat.
At what time did he leave?
Which team are you on?
I didn't know it was there.
I'm feeling very agreeable.
I'm feeling very much in agreement
The sky is big.
This isn't fun. This is boring.
Tom has a sense of entitlement.
Look at that short pretty girl.
Tom and Mary worked in a coal mine as children.
I'm going to the store.
This is terrible.
Tom is a comic book writer.
Tom majored in Fine Arts.
This is absolutely wonderful.
Tom is a very intense person.
Tom is a castaway.
Tom is not going to do it.
Tom was sacked.
Tom has no idea what the fuck he's doing.
There's nothing sexual about it.
Tom did what he was told.
Tom is chewing bubble gum.
Tom had no reason not to do it.
Mary is licking an ice cream cone.
It's open to interpretation.
Tom declined comment on the issue.
Tom's company went public.
People can't do a lot of things at the same time.
Please turn off the light so that I can sleep.
Valentine's Day is on Sunday this year.
Take your coat off and make yourself at home.
I wish you hadn't done that.
I hope you don't do that.
Why didn't you do that?
I really do hope that you'll do that without complaining.
Tom had never done that kind of thing before.
The company he used to work for went into bankruptcy last month.
He even called me an idiot.
Suffering many hardships and overcoming many trials to come to a certain point will test one's strength of will.
How many days are you going to be visiting your hometown?
This is a world where the sun doesn't shine.
You decide on what to do.
I want to spend my free time wisely.
The acceptance rates for famous universities are low, so examinees must try their hardest to get in.
This house is no fortress or castle, but it still instills a sense of security.
Tom can blame no one but himself.
I didn't feel her presence.
Thanks for the hard work.
My grandfather likes reading books.
I resolved myself to go.
I decided to go.
I've decided on going.
Virtually all of the Americans were in favor of the decision.
If you're willing to go that far, then even death sounds like a better way.
He could not live up to expectations.
Next, I would like to be able to sing better.
Sorry I couldn't save you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't assist you.
I'm sorry, I can't put up with you.
Oomoto can be included among the new religions of Japan.
I'd be happy if I was healthy.
Tom admitted that he had stolen money from Mary.
Esperanto is a fun language to learn.
How is one able to sleep inside an airplane?
I think that he won't come.
Saying "I'm not a racist, but..." in an introductory manner can sometimes be passed off as racist.
I've met him once before.
Mexico is a country whose borders adjoin with those of the United States.
I live in Tahiti.
I ate at a curry house.
I want to drink coconut milk.
I think that that car is slowly following us.
Light is quintessential. Light is life.
My back has been acting up since this morning, so I don't feel so well.
We understand our own movements extremely well, and we can use them for reference.
That's a strange question.
I don't think that there's anything left to fix.
I hear that you yourself are quite the smooth operator.
There are many, many planets in the Milky Way which are just as big as Jupiter.
I wonder what language aliens would speak in.
If it's too much for you to handle, then you don't have to do it.
A puppet does not know that it is being controlled.
I was visited by a customer.
My hand got bitten by my beloved dog.
This morning, my friends ate the fruits that my little sister had bought.
She's well-informed, so she might know something.
She said herself that she won't fall in love with anyone anymore.
So much so that I feel like I'm losing my grasp on the whereabouts.
You are eating a muffin for breakfast.
The painting is deteriorating.
Teachers should deal fairly with their students.
The people going to Ueno Park are lonely.
She is a little shy.
I think that this is a sunny spot.
Ten million yen will be enough for the project.
The apples he sent to me were delicious.
The apples that he sent to me were delicious.
"He probably wants to eat some shaved ice," he said.
"If you'll excuse me..." he said. I think it's a shame.
"I think it's kinda weird," he said.
I will get comments.
Luxury and convenience do not equate to happiness.
His suitcase was full of water.
It's discouraging that the travel expenses add up to 20,000 yen.
She is getting older.
The apples he sent me were delicious.
He poured me some mysterious tea.
You scared me, Robert!
You're a workaholic.
He has a good sense of feeling.
He is overconfident.
He bought a car.
He is antisocial.
There is a continuation.
One cannot erase the past.
The process is important.
Those three are his daughters.
I'll look it over later.
No fussing!
Could this be love?
The knife is dull.
It's still being tested.
Do you understand Roman numerals?
How old do I look?
Everything will be fine.
Can you show me that picture?
Can you show me those pictures?
They made noises all night, which kept me awake.
You are my happiness.
How is your wife doing?
Your words don't match your actions.
Go exercise outside.
So you ate at your house?
The boy was silent.
He was bewildered.
He was perplexed.
He sat in the chair.
She was crying.
How is it?
You must not kill.
Is dad in the kitchen?
It is currently -10°C.
Have as much fun as you can!
No sugar for you?
I made supper.
I felt isolated.
The people I work with are all very kind.
The shopping festival that everyone had been waiting for starts today. Because of this, the security force has thoroughly checked their plan to protect the safety of those attending for any flaws.
If you calmly look at the reply you sent to an email, you'll find that it'll have "you" all over it. While you may use the pretext that you're just working with whatever information the addressee gave you, in the end it's just all about yourself. This is wrong. Let's be a little more careful, shall we?
Fiona's letters gradually came less and less.
His book is oriented towards children, but here and there are words that he has never seen before. He doesn't know whether it is just him, or if they are just simply difficult words, but he finds them not worth the effort to look up in a dictionary, so he just keeps on reading.
I don't understand what he said.
If you don't receive a smile you were expecting, try giving a smile instead. That's because someone who forgot to give you a smile doesn't expect to get one from you instead.
"Do you know what kind of tree you just broke?" "No, I don't," I answered the detective. While looking through the open door, the detective shouted, "Hey, do you know what kind of tree he just broke?" "Um, looks like it's a yew plum pine," said the voice of a young woman. After straightening himself in his seat, the detective asked me one more time: "Do you know what kind of tree you just broke?"
"Looks like Maki's a twin!" Ken said. "Really now," I replied, totally uninterested. Maki was a member of a ukulele club that ran beside our club in the school lounge. She looked lovely in Ken's eyes, but to me she was just the sixth cutest girl in class - average, in my opinion.
Nobita is someone who can bestow happiness upon others and shoulder their misfortunes. That is, for a human, an extremely valuable trait. He'll probably make you happy, too.
I like this job, but I'd prefer not to call my boss over in a loud voice whenever something bad happens. I'm partial to elegance.
Spending two hours writing an email that won't even take up one page of a sheet of paper is not something you can write home about. It's more like you're writing about your own inability to write coherently.
Comparing American English and British English is like counting incompatible sets of floors of a building. That's why, when you try translating over and over again between the two, it's like climbing an endless set of floors. You might even reach the moon someday doing that.
But you see, while other people may not know, in my case, if I just had the time, I'd be buried over my head in things I'd want to do. I don't have the time to not think about things I need or want.
I sent an email to an old friend of mine. We haven't kept in touch for awhile, being that the last time we met was over two years ago and haven't contacted each other since. There's no reply from her yet. I'm starting to get anxious.
Talk about light pollution.
Please forget about the orienteering that you did at that outdoors school. Well, actually, you don't have to forget it, but the orienteering that we're doing here is completely different.
So the reason that Tanaka stayed home today was because his grandmother died? Didn't he say that last month, and the month before that, too? Skipping is one thing, but I'd like him to at least come up with a better excuse than that.
A woman is not a creature that acknowledges the 100 things you've done right, but rather, one that without fail will point out the one thing you've done wrong.
I can say for certain that my mother's cooking is by no means skillful. I prefer food that is actually properly seasoned, like my wife's. Nevertheless, I want my mother to teach me how to cook. It's her flavors that I've tasted since childhood, you see.
The notion of upper-class and lower-class among humans in this world is a topic likely to be found in a woman's essay. Anyone who thinks that falls in the lower-class category of humans.
Once I arrived home from school, I heard some sounds coming from my closet, and thinking that it was just our pet cat Chiro, I opened the door wide open, and instead found some guy I didn't know inside.
He was confused by something, as though he wasn't used to this kind of restaurant, but I stayed clear of him by pretending that I, too, wasn't used to the restaurant.
The first native speaker of Esperanto was a girl who was born in 1904. The number of people who speak Esperanto today number in the thousands.
I couldn't tell what kind of person this girl I met on the internet was from her profile, but something about her still piqued my curiosity, as though I had met her in a previous life, or something occult-ish like that, anyways.
I was surprised when I got a call from my daughter's workplace, saying that she had suddenly collapsed. She had struck her head, so I was worried, but was relieved when I was notified by the hospital that they had found nothing wrong with her.
The hospital that I went to for my allergies recommended me a shampoo that wouldn't trigger them. It's certainly effective - I think - but it's just way too expensive.
My neighbor is having some work done on his roof starting tomorrow, so he came to let me know about it. "There might be a lot of dust, so I apologize beforehand. Thank you in advance."
I was getting close to the summit, but there was a boulder in my way, and I was almost done in trying to get over it. Sometimes there were loose rocks all over the place, too.
"You should write a novel or something." "Nah, I don't think so. I can't see myself coming up with anything good, anyways."
"I'll never let myself be protected by a man" is what she said, but she seems to be perfectly fine letting herself get escorted around by a guy that she likes.
Put away evil without hesitation.
By the way, is there some blog or column online that you check often? Well, it doesn't have to be online; magazines are fine, too.
You know, the ones where you skewer some marshmallows and roast them. I don't know what they're called but they're really good. Let's try roasting some at my place sometime, too.
While at first he got famous from an independent film that he made, he then went from the director of a musical TV series to a full-fledged movie director. Such was his career.
My grandmother's mother is my "great grandmother," so my great grandmother's mother is my "great great grandmother"? Is that right?
I worry that, because the Japanese lines in this site are written with furigana, they take up a lot of space, and the people who don't even care about them in the first place might find them annoying.
Each part of a book starts with references to its author's life: a passage from a read book, a question directed to a stranger on a roadside, something shouted by a girlfriend.
If you truly want to upgrade your language skills, then translation might not be the best way to do it, but you're really just playing around, so I believe that if you find it fun, then more power to you.
I think I'll have more fun reading something now. I was always part of the bookworm group, but there are times when I just don't feel like reading anything. Right now I'm getting lots of "Read! Read!" waves coming at me.
The store that I always go to has Calbee potato chips on sale for 98 yen a bag. My favorite flavor is lightly salted. As a matter of fact, the ingredients for this particular flavor changes from time to time. Today's chips are chemical-free, made with natural salt. Fitting for someone like me.
Fundamentally, you're not practicing anything by translating, so even if you say that you can't do it, once you've set your sights on a similar sentence you've seen before that is more natural yet does not quite convey the original sentence's nuances, translation proves to be an act that is quite addicting.
I said everything I had to say.
Please, let me speak!
They couldn't stop laughing.
I feel lonely.
Why are you making that face?
I don't remember anything else right now.
You can give me a hand, now that you're here.
He likes to kick back with some music on.
I think she has a beautiful smile.
You're wearing out my patience!
She showed up in the park at the appointed time.
I don't remember anything else at this time.
You say that you're afraid of being disliked by other people, but you have some people that you dislike yourself, don't you? Arithmetically speaking, there are an equal number of people who you don't like that don't like you back. I'm not saying that if you end your dislike of someone, someone else will stop disliking you as well; it's just that you can't change the fact that if you dislike someone, then someone else dislikes you as well. Your life will go much smoother if you just give up and accept that truth.
My patience is wearing thin.
How old is this tree?
This tree is more than a century old.
This tree is more than a hundred years old.
The road was paved in tar.
The pen has run out of ink.
Don't bother me.
When I was in my first years of grade school, my father taught me a haiku and I longed to be a poet. On my Tanabata wish, I also wrote "Please make me a poet". Thirty years have passed and my wish has been granted. I am without doubt an invalid.
Do you believe in extraterrestrials?
Is there life in outer space?
She couldn't go to the wedding.
I have stomach ache.
Thank you for looking after my sister.
My cell phone was off.
Education is very important.
There are many endangered species.
There's music for everyone.
What was the first capital of Portugal?
I'm a little tired, that's all.
It's done!
How many galaxies are there in the universe?
The trip was really fun.
The trip was exhausting.
This was a really fun trip.
This was a really exhausting trip.
Which do you like best—fish or meat?
I bought a camera.
What's the first thing you do when you wake up?
I was about to call him, but then I forgot.
All right, but don't say I didn't warn you.
Which do you like best—apples or oranges?
We got lost.
Since he did not fit within any preexisting religion, he decided to establish his own.
You're kidding, right?
We're all citizens of the world.
She's a very good swimmer.
The peace treaty will be signed tomorrow.
Now I remember!
You see? It wasn't all that hard.
You see? It wasn't so hard.
I didn't have time today. I'll go tomorrow.
She got home exhausted today.
She likes the smell of pine trees.
Philip wants to get ripped.
"I'll be on my way, then. See you later!" "I guess I'd better go, too."
What are my chances of surviving?
That would be cool.
That would be very sad.
We have the opposite problem.
I go to all of my club's matches whenever I can.
We've made good progress.
If he keeps threatening you, then you should go to the police.
Tom likes experimenting.
Tom likes trying out new things.
Tom is dressed in an inappropriate manner.
Even though I already saw this movie, I decided to see it again.
I wholeheartedly agree.
I wholeheartedly agree with everything Tom said.
He doesn't give any help with housework.
We should collaborate on the project.
I'm studying in the library.
I heard more vitriol in the debate than reasoned argument.
I'm going to have a beer.
I'm going to drink a beer.
Do you think it works?
This afternoon I feel very tired.
Here's a new tip for you!
That's a really shallow thing to say.
The water here is very shallow.
This is appalling.
Mary kicked Tom in the nuts.
Mary kicked Tom in the balls.
Mary kicked Tom in the groin.
It was hilarious!
Why would someone do that?
Tom thinks that his computer is possessed by an evil spirit.
Tom's computer is so old that it still runs Windows 98.
Tom's house is haunted.
A dark shadow passed behind Tom.
Tom saw a ghost.
Tom says that ghosts aren't real.
Tom is deeply disturbed.
Tom says that he is able to communicate with the dead.
This is so depressing.
I'm out riding my bike.
There is no magic bullet.
After the conversation ends, he says a friendly goodbye and wishes me a pleasant evening.
Whenever you come home late, your parents will start harping you on it, and you'll find it unbearable. No matter how late it gets, they'll stay up just to wait for you. They should just go to sleep already, don't you think?
I want it for my puppy!
The only thing he did before he briskly went on ahead was give us a map. The remainder of us could only rely on the map to figure out where to go.
My son? He doesn't seem to be interested in classical music. I always hear some loud music coming from his room, though - techno, electric, or what have you.
Children don't always listen to their parents.
Now I can recall!
Let's call a spade a spade.
The beams in his house are rotting.
Tom has lost control of the class.
Tom has no authority.
Tom lacks discipline.
Tom is a spineless coward.
Tom fondled Mary's breasts.
This is the last straw.
It's getting ridiculous.
Everybody wanted me to do it.
Many teachers have a problem with Tom.
Tom is insolent.
Tom refuses to work.
Tom is brain damaged.
Tom has fallen out of favor.
No sex was involved.
Tom is a powerlifter.
Tom needs to let off some steam.
Yes, I believe that you should go.
What about your wife?
There was a lot of tension between Tom and Mary.
Mary was merry.
A virus infected Tom's computer.
Tom is taking a few days off.
Mary berated Tom.
Tom is a successful lawyer.
Tom has a gramophone.
Tom looks like a tired old man.
Tom didn't want to do their dirty work.
Tom is a cut above the rest.
Tom got a phonecall from the hospital.
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.
Tom and Mary shared a room.
Don't tell anyone we've done this.
Don't tell anyone we're doing this.
Don't tell anyone what we're doing.
Tom was badly beaten up.
The inquiry has been cranked up a notch.
You know it's true.
Tom was crying.
The bigger man often wins.
There was revelry at Tom's house.
Tom slid his tongue into Mary's ear.
Mary has never cooked a turkey.
Tom listened to Gregorian chant.
This restaurant is full of young couples.
Tom's family is eccentric.
Tom made a poor impression.
I stopped drinking coffee.
Mary caught syphillis.
She went to the mall with her friends.
She hadn't seen him in a long time.
The party was really fun.
You'd better tell me if you did something wrong.
Be careful what you say, Andrea; the walls have ears.
I told her to give up on that crazy thought.
We all need to learn to deal with this situation.
You should resign.
You'd better hurry, or you'll miss the train.
We should get out of here.
We should leave.
All I want is to be alone for a few months.
Even though I don't wear those shoes anymore, I can't bring myself to get rid of them.
"How about some horror stories?" "No, I'd rather not mess with those kinds of things."
That dog stinks!
That animal is huge!
The boy has guts.
Sarah will throw a big party with a lot of music.
The forest is in a better state of preservation.
That cake is really tasty!
Pull out all the nouns from the text.
I thought that a laptop would cost a fortune; however, the prices have gone down considerably.
I can't imagine what things living on another planet are like.
Not a word to anyone, please.
We would appreciate it if you would contact Mr. Hirose.
The worst part is, it wasn't always like this.
If you're going to apologize, you should do it right away.
Students stand up when their teacher enters.
I cannot recall anything else at this time.
He is British.
Do you have a mobile phone?
It is subject to interpretation.
He is English.
What can I say?
Don't watch those shows.
Please be sure to turn off the light before you leave.
My present is better!
My mother could speak five languages.
Thanks, I downloaded all six files.
I can't visit you every day.
They have watched TV serials this evening.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
One should see oneself with one's neighbour's eye.
Her business was started with capital of $2,000.
I believe it's my duty to protect these children.
I can't put up with the inconvenience of country life.
I think it's strange that he didn't speak to you.
In all probability, we'll arrive before them.
In all probability, we'll arrive before they do.
I'm on crutches since I broke both my legs.
This task is difficult for me.
He said he was angry, and that he wanted to go home to eat dinner.
He heard him cry at midnight.
The woman is right.
Is there a possibility that you're pregnant?
He that dies pays all debts.
Could you repeat that using simpler words?
He was a great teacher so his children were very obedient.
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him.
Io was one of the lovers of Zeus and was transformed into a cow by him.
Tom thinks his country is the greatest country in the world.
I wake up at half past five in the morning.
He is a native English speaker.
Theater is boring.
This is a four-way stop.
Do you want to come to do the shopping?
You can eat very well there.
The next artist is amazing.
His mobile has been stolen.
I would like to move to Australia.
Wanna crash at my place?
This is your first assignment.
Tom has to confess his crime.
He's on the train.
Alice has stunning legs.
Tom is a choirboy.
When the sun of culture is low, even dwarfs will cast long shadows.
Tom is a Boy Scout.
When the sun of culture hangs low, even dwarfs will cast long shadows.
It doesn't seem to work.
All creatures drink joy at the breast of nature; all good, all evil follow her trail of roses.
Whoever has succeeded in the great attempt to be a friend's friend; whoever has won a lovely woman, add in his jubilation!
What would I be without my nuclear warheads?
The utmost God has forgotten to be God.
Coffee and Pu-erh tea are elixirs of life.
Something's dawned on me.
It seems so to me that this is not entirely wrong.
How does one eat this?
Drink everything up, so that nothing remains inside.
She said she was happy.
She said: "Trust me".
One is new, the other is old.
Is it meant to snow tonight?
You shouldn't smoke whilst you work.
This food is raw.
Tom only eats raw food.
He can run a thousand metres in four minutes.
Mary doesn't eat meat.
Press the Shift button.
He runs faster than I.
I had loads of fun.
Without your help I would have had no success.
The more I think I about it, the less it pleases me.
Basil, sage, rosemary, thyme and oregano are popular herbs.
The doctor told me I had to stop smoking.
Yesterday I heard you talking in your sleep.
She's looking for a better job.
"Do abbots mow hay?" "Abbots never mow hay. Abbots pray."
They arrived before you.
Is it dangerous to travel alone on the U-Bahn?
I had never before seen this species of fish.
The students could not answer.
The students couldn't answer.
No sooner had I left the house than it started to rain.
As it began to rain, I had just left the house.
The American Civil War is the central theme of the book.
Science does not solve all of life's problems.
The rainy season begins towards the end of June.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
I'm learning the Basque language.
I bought some new wife-beaters at the mall today.
The jar is empty.
A true democracy allows free speech.
The principal's democracy made him popular among teachers and students.
Joseph has a limp.
Joseph will arbitrate the game.
Joseph can't play soccer. He trips on the ball and mixes everything up.
You're so beautiful it hurts.
When I opened my eyes, everyone began to sing "Happy Birthday".
Joseph is a skilled economist.
The dictator came to power fifteen years ago.
It seemed that no one was in the village.
Mr. Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
I hope that your parents will allow us to get married.
I think I need to finish that work before noon.
I worked with Mr. Spencer for a year in New York.
It is rumored there are treasures hidden there.
Mr. Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Mr. Tani and his wife were present at that party.
Mr. Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Nagoya is a city famous for its castle.
Nagoya is a city that's famous for its castle.
Please turn off the light before you go to sleep.
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.
I'm really tired today.
This is the park where we said our last goodbye.
Everybody thought it was strange that he lived alone.
He turned up half an hour late.
I don't want to know about it.
I'm looking forward to watching the movie with her.
We're voting now on the voting procedure.
I saw Mr. Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
Although communication and excommunication sound similar, they have absolutely nothing to do with one other.
I can't understand the meaning.
Too little is just as bad as too much.
To each his own passion.
Politics is the drilling of very thick planks.
I don't want to go and eat today.
It's a done deal.
Do you know where she was born?
Not every untrue statement is a lie.
National pride counts among those things which I don't understand.
She's been ill since last Wednesday.
She's been sick since last Wednesday.
What is it that impels people to vote for the FDP?
I don't think he will come.
Shall I get you a ticket for the concert?
What are then the deeds of men in the face of eternity?
If you leave it up to others to deal with all the things that you don't know how to do, you'll never learn how to do these things yourself.
That which for mathematicians is illogical is entirely normal for musicians: seven plus seven is thirteen.
It's a pity that concrete doesn't burn.
It's a shame that concrete doesn't burn.
This word is of Latin descent.
While this is grammatically correct, you wouldn't express it so in the real life, right?
It's important to read a lot of books.
In a closed system the sum of the contained energies remains constant.
I like to leave unattended baggage at international airports and railway stations.
The true art of acting is to conceal from the audience that which is part of the role and that which comes from you personally.
She's putting the children to bed.
A friend of mine recently slipped on a toy car that his son had left lying on the stairs, and has broken his big toe.
Everything flows.
Material wealth often goes hand in hand with social deprivation.
Alcohol - never again!
The question is perhaps too complex for you.
The dark night of the soul is death in the midst of life.
Two hunters meet: both are dead.
Horror has a name.
Love is simply a temporary hormonal imbalance.
TV is also not what it used to be.
Without music the world is a vale of tears.
This sentence doesn't exist yet on tatoeba.org.
This sentence hasn't yet been translated.
This sentence has yet to be translated.
Happiness isn't the destination, happiness is the journey.
Prohibition is hereby officially prohibited.
A spectre haunts Europe: the spectre of communism.
No, no, and furthermore, no!
My mother has cooked ten eggs.
Some people believe that seven is a lucky number.
Some believe that seven is a lucky number.
I don't have the slightest doubt.
Have you anything to eat?
How much homework do you get every day?
I can write good stories when I feel like it.
She's apples.
Puns were found in ancient Egypt, where they were heavily used in development of myths and interpretation of dreams.
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.
As far as possible without surrender be on good terms with all persons.
Speak your truth quietly and clearly; and listen to others, even to the dull and the ignorant, they too have their story.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are vexations to the spirit.
If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain or bitter; for always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
Exercise caution in your business affairs, for the world is full of trickery.
But let not this blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Be yourself.
Especially do not feign affection.
Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass.
Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune.
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself.
You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here.
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Therefore, be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be.
And whatever your labors and aspirations in the noisy confusion of life, keep peace in your soul.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams; it is still a beautiful world.
Be cheerful.
Strive to be happy.
You, too, my son.
I can't find my gloves.
He can't find his hat.
I wouldn't like to work in a hospital.
I wouldn't want to work in a hospital.
I don't want to be a nurse any more.
The French team scored as many goals as the English team.
Many flights were canceled because of the typhoon.
The rabbit is eating the carrot.
Please turn off the light when you leave the room.
There are about 1,000 students at our high school.
Traveling was much more difficult in those days.
France has banned a strain of genetically modified maize.
All the boxes are empty.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr. Hill's house.
I'm sorry, but Mr. Rooney is tied up at the moment.
If he had gotten her advice, he would have succeeded.
If he had received her advice, he would have succeeded.
We'll probably be away for a few days.
I cannot get rid of it.
I can't get rid of it.
That old man died of cancer.
He doesn't care about anything.
I've got to skedaddle or I'll be late.
French doesn't belong to France. It belongs to all those who improve it.
As my teacher says, you cannot please both Greeks and Trojans.
Do you require our help?
Each part of the book starts with a quote taken from the life of the author: a passage from a book, a question asked to a stranger on the road, something shouted by a girlfriend.
I don't want to eat sausage for lunch, because I prefer meat with potatoes.
Whenever I come home late at night, my parents scold me and it annoys me. No matter how late I come back, they're awake and waiting for me. It would be so nice if they just went to sleep instead.
It would be great if you visited your friends in Poland someday.
Polish specialists work in Africa.
Polish archaeologists are conducting scientific studies in Sudan.
This tendency is quite useful.
He just gave us a map and sprinted ahead. We who were left behind had to go on with just the map to rely on.
You definitely like Chinese food.
These people are desperate and devoid of hope.
I'd like to be rich and not have to worry about money.
My son? He doesn't seem interested in classical music. I can't tell whether it's techno or electro, but he's always listening to music at a loud volume.
I really can't say that my mother cooks well. For seasoning as well, I prefer the way my wife cooks. But despite this, I want her to teach me. To teach me that taste that I tasted when I was a child.
It has nothing to do with real life.
A woman can be oblivious to a hundred things you did well, and point out only the things at which you failed.
But I don't want to.
A woman can fail to notice a hundred things you did right, and point out only the one thing you haven't done right.
Alive or dead, I'll always love you.
I think I'll stop now.
I don't want to be here. I want to not be here.
Tom wants someone to love him.
Tom doesn't watch TV.
Tom and Mary both like old movies.
I think Tom and Mary are dating.
I'm glad you brought this up.
Tom likes brunettes.
Tom likes blondes.
Tom likes redheads.
Though repeated, it is still a great story!
It's a dog and pony show.
Tom doesn't know the difference between God and the Devil.
A cheap drink makes you ill.
Old age isn't pleasant.
Give me the details.
Don't close the door.
At that time a primitive people lived there.
The kids aren't playing in the living room but rather in the garden.
The meeting was almost over.
The meeting was just about over.
He noticed I was there.
Thanks a lot for your help.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
Last night, we looked at the stars from the rooftop.
Most dinner parties end about eleven o'clock.
I hear he is a Tokyo University professor.
I'm so busy these days it's awful.
Take care of your own affairs yourself.
I can't tell you anything yet.
Mary is a psychic.
Tom burned the letter.
Tom is eating spaghetti.
Why are you following me?
The intelligence minster said they had solid evidence that the terrorists had come from a friendly country.
Please turn off the light before leaving the room.
Some students find it difficult to follow the rules.
I eat fish every week.
I eat meat three times a week.
The eagle is the queen of the winds.
Do you want sugar?
Thanks, I understood everything.
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr. Brown.
It is suggested that there will soon be an election.
I'd like to buy a log cabin somewhere in Canada.
It was mesmerising.
It was mesmerizing.
You want to kill me.
Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Paraguay and Southern Brazil are part of the Southern Cone.
To understand recursion you first need to understand recursion.
Will you play go with me?
His family staged an intervention to confront his abuse of prescription drugs.
We had a 'come to Jesus' meeting at the office over the bickering and fighting.
When I run, I feel the wind in my hair.
Each one has white teeth.
He lost his new watch.
The cat is watching the fish.
The cat is looking at the fish.
Carrots cost three dollars.
All the flowers in the garden dried up.
After searching and asking around, they still couldn't find a suitable place.
She really hates this kind of thinking.
She really hates this way of thinking.
They want to kill me.
He's always burning the midnight oil.
This time, when he went into the hospital, he finally understood that one's health is really the most important thing of all.
I'm a good person.
Is this seat available?
I'm inconsolable.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Forty-eight sailors are on board.
Forty-eight sailors are aboard.
Everyone needs to find their own path.
Don't touch it!
I raised hell.
They left the house after the fire.
He left his wife and children.
Life in society requires communication.
This is the camera he took the picture with.
How do we know that he's innocent?
His friend promised never to abandon him.
The match ended with no goal.
Don't you see the clock?
I saw a group of tourists who spoke Turkish.
What are your wishes?
How restful it is to sleep under the shadow of a willow in an Anatolian village in summertime.
In the Cold War era, Soviet naval and air bases existed in Cuba and Vietnam.
Everything here is covered in dust.
That joke is mine.
I came yesterday.
Some people don't believe in God because they can't touch Him.
Is this a joke?
I turned on the TV and the Grand Prix was being broadcasted.
He is a painter, but he can't paint in the traditional Chinese style.
He's a painter, but he doesn't do traditional Chinese painting.
He has been secretly in love with her.
He has had a crush on her.
Soon it will be gone.
Tom is a neurologist.
Their numbers are dwindling.
I see what you did there.
Tom is a former paratrooper.
Everything is still new for me.
Tom thinks he's getting ripped off.
Tom was only 13 or 14 at the time.
Mary is the cutest girl in the class.
Tom is the cutest boy in the class.
Mary and her husband received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903.
He deserved it.
Tom is leading the charge.
It's outdated.
Tom is able to drive a car.
I haven't seen her for two months.
Things seem to be getting worse and worse.
Tom's dad is a university professor.
Christmas is only a few days away.
Mary looks absolutely stunning.
It was much more difficult than we initially thought.
Tom took some artistic license.
The damage was done.
In reply, Lisa asked me to calculate 100 factorial in my head.
We have only one soap dish.
I feel so lost.
Don't play dead.
Why have you parked here?
Why did you park here?
I hope that everything is okay.
I want to show you something great.
What is for dinner today?
The committee members are all men.
What are we having for dinner today?
Work in large groups is terribly frustrating.
I will teach you to program, but not today.
He has green eyes.
Katarzyna and Milena are in the same class as Magdalena.
Is that French?
The bar is open until six in the morning.
It's the longest journey of my life!
I don't want to know anything until tomorrow.
Does nothing go well for him?
They read her book.
I will tell you tomorrow.
Tom lifted his head above the windowsill.
Tom was trapped.
Tom wanted to live.
Call me tomorrow.
The door creaked.
What is your name, sir?
Don't be nervous, Tom.
Run for it, Tom!
Hey, you!
"I think you're stupid," said Mary.
Tom is average.
Tom is a conformist.
Tom and Mary shook hands.
Tom ended in second place.
Words, words...
Tom was attacked by a shark.
Today it is snowing.
Today it's snowing.
It is snowing today.
A cat has seven lives.
This story cannot be true.
The price of rice went up three percent.
McDonald's will discontinue the use of boneless lean beef trimmings in their hamburgers.
No matter how busy you are, you have to do your homework.
I met a friend I hadn't seen for three years.
I closed the door quietly so I wouldn't wake the baby up.
Let her be beautiful and let me forget her.
How are you doing for money?
When is this crisis going to be over?
This mountain is covered in snow all year round.
He didn't listen to music.
If you have any free time, use it and do your homework.
To be allowed to drive you need a licence.
Some of my money has been stolen.
That was an excellent meeting.
Don't mess around!
He left the meeting for no reason.
Give me a piece of paper to write on!
Positive atomic nuclei attract negative electrons.
Aren't you exaggerating a bit?
He's under the thumb.
He's henpecked.
It's not what you say that counts, but how you say it.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,000 people.
Mr. White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
As far as he was concerned, things were going well.
That was such good a book that I read it three times.
That girl can't ride a bicycle.
That girl isn't able to ride a bicycle.
The magazine you lent me is very interesting.
The man she's going to marry is an astronaut.
I understood.
It was snowing, but it wasn't very cold outside.
The Bible is clearly a complex piece of writing, that impossibly could have been written by a single author.
It was cold yesterday, but it is even colder today.
In the morning it was very cold.
Mr. Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr. Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
Tom begrudgingly accepted.
Tom ponied up 100$.
Tom's son was robbed for the third time.
This is a problem for elderly people.
Did she kiss well?
Tom is crazy about Mary.
Tom doesn't like to share.
Tom grabbed Mary by the hair.
You sound like your mother.
Tom is a maniac.
That man is unworthy of you.
Tom is in deep trouble.
Tom likes people similar to himself.
Tom is a normal guy.
Tom and Mary like crowded beaches.
Tom is a fascist.
Tom is a communist.
Tom is a socialist.
Tom doesn't like politics.
Tom is a plumber.
Tom is a member of the SWAT team.
Tom is a professional dancer.
Mary is a professional dancer.
Tom is a professional baseball player.
Tom is a professional hockey player.
Tom is a skydiving instructor.
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr. Johnson.
The hotel I'm staying at is near the station.
The motorcycle I borrowed from him broke down.
The trip will cost anywhere between $1,000 and $2,000.
I want to study German.
I will study German.
I studied English, French and Chinese.
In my room, there are no clocks.
I like the girl I met yesterday afternoon very much.
Do you think in German?
Get real, will you?
Tom is a little uptight.
Mary is wearing a low-cut top.
Mary is scantily clad.
Tom has a terrible memory.
Tom has limited free time.
There's a stowaway on the ship.
This is my favorite movie.
This is my favourite movie.
I can't write anymore.
That's just crazy.
That's a no-brainer.
It should be a no-brainer.
It's just a penis-measuring contest.
Tom went haywire.
Tom used a legal loophole.
Tom is cutting corners.
Tom is in the mood for love.
What could go wrong?
What could possibly go wrong?
It's a complete sham.
Tom is just a dick.
Tom says that he has changed his ways.
Tom gives to charities.
Tom is overreacting.
Tom and Mary are getting hot and heavy.
The lucky sod just won the lottery.
Things seem to be going hot and heavy between Tom and Mary.
The poor sod was shot dead a day before the end of the war.
That's woefully inadequate.
This is wildly optimistic.
Tom is looking for a job.
China has more than a billion inhabitants.
Tom has been placed under investigation.
This is immoral.
Tom spied on his roommate.
She went to Italy to study literature.
She'll be apples.
One clear thought is worth two neologisms.
There was an abandoned car by the river.
We always have to pay more.
The enemy committed a horrible manslaughter in the city.
That's a cheap cop-out.
Tom wondered the same thing.
My computer is my best friend.
Tom has a wicked sense of humor.
Mary said that Tom was a sissy.
None of this is good.
The world has changed.
Tom is a witch doctor.
How am I gonna get started talking to this beautiful babe?
Tom is meditating.
That's pseudoscience.
Don't fool yourself.
Tom is cheating on his wife.
Tom is a rabbi.
Tom is a priest.
Tom is wasting time.
Mary doesn't eat red meat.
I want my own room.
Her husband is not too keen on the idea of her gallivanting off to the Eurovision final.
Tom is too young to drive a car.
Tom was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Tom was sentenced to life without parole.
This was too much for Tom.
Tom is suffering from financial stress.
Tom is part of the working poor.
Tom has marital problems.
I noticed that I had grown up when I started following my parents' advice.
Tom was impressed with what he saw.
Mary was impressed with what she saw.
Tom is just fucking around.
Who cares about that?
Tom was super impressed.
Tom put Mary's suggestion down on his to-do list.
Tom doesn't have much of a chance.
Stop picking on Tom.
Don't take our word for it.
Don't take my word for it.
Don't take my word for it. Check it out yourself.
This is subject to change.
Put your hand up when I call your name.
I realized that I had grown up when I started heeding my parents' advice.
Everybody used to call him Tony.
I saw these people for years.
Tom made a hamfisted attempt.
That's quite over the top.
Tom filed a lawsuit.
Tom filed an access to information request.
Do not lean out of the window.
It's dangerous to lean out of the window.
She hasn't made it yet.
He hasn't made it yet.
But what has this to do with birds!
The Mayor of London doesn't like bendy buses.
I want you to come with me.
Tom always uses a condom.
Tom is still a virgin.
Tom is a rake.
Mary confessed after her wedding that she was not a virgin anymore.
It's one of their better songs.
Tom loves to sing.
Mary is a gorgeous young woman.
This is Tom's canary.
Mary released a single.
Mary named her first child Tom.
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.
Mary loves going to the spa.
Tom doesn't like eating fish.
Tom poured himself a glass of scotch.
I am calm.
I must have parked my car elsewhere.
This book is easy to read, since it's written in simple English.
Since I didn't know what to do, I asked him for advice.
She wanted to ask a question, so she raised her hand.
I respect my English teacher, Mr. Taniguchi.
Let the buyer beware.
I know that the Earth is not flat.
Marius says: "Romulus is the founder of Rome."
Open your mouth, please!
Yesterday, we studied English.
Last Saturday, my family went to the zoo to see the pandas.
My sister is smaller than you.
My sister is younger than you.
The Germans and Celts had pants, but the Romans didn't have those.
The master praised the slave.
I took a taxi, because it was raining.
He's a very good teacher, so his children really listen to him.
Let us protect our peace!
Let us defend our peace!
Marius is taller than Marcus.
She bequeathed all her good sense to her son.
He bequeathed all his good sense to his son.
These are wicked times.
Times are tough.
I don't have enemies.
A good question.
We don't have that in Europe.
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.
One third of nine is three.
In principle, I'm with you.
The car's engine broke down on the way.
It's six of one and a half dozen of another.
Could you perhaps translate that for me?
Mr. Smith makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
"Crystal clear" is a nice word, don't you think?
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
I don't have much interest in sports games like soccer or baseball, but I do like seeing weird or outstanding plays in them.
Stop being so selfish. The red shoes you wanted are sold out, and only the blue ones are left.
I got an ocarina from my daughter on Father's Day. Frankly, though, I don't need it. I wonder where she could have come up with such a present.
Mr. Suzuki's classes are interesting, but his stories always get sidetracked, so we never make any good progress in our textbooks.
I think that my costume for the upcoming Halloween party will be wrapping myself up in toilet paper like a mummy.
Don't get such a big head just because you won the tournament. There's many others in the world who are just as good as you.
Even though our house was on TV, I'd prefer it if you wouldn't just barge in our garden and take pictures.
This fold-up umbrella is really small and light, so it's easy to carry around. It's a little pricey, but I think I'll get it.
This city may be a little run-down, but the people living here are all kind, and will welcome anyone with open arms.
The bread I got from my neighbor, Mr. Yamada, had a soft texture, and my father, who prefers hard bread, was sure to dislike it.
I wonder how figure-skaters are able to keep from being dizzy when they spin really fast.
Johnny, come here quickly!
Mondays will never be the same again.
Her father didn't allow her to go to movies alone.
I think it's dangerous for children to play in the pond.
Measure twice, cut once.
I shouldn't have wasted my time trying to convince Tom to change his mind.
If Tom had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to him.
Tom has asked Mary to meet him at his office tomorrow.
Do you have time to read the newspaper in the morning?
I shouldn't have wasted my time watching that movie.
Tom always seems to be complaining about something.
I'll ask Tom to meet you tomorrow at three o'clock.
Stop telling me what to do and mind your business.
I asked Tom to come yesterday, but he didn't come.
You should wear a helmet when riding a motorcycle.
I asked Tom not to go there, but he went anyway.
Has the boss ever asked you to work on Sundays?
I have some books that you might like to read.
Could you tell me something about your family?
Would you mind showing Tom around the city?
Could you tell me something about yourself?
Tom came to my office to ask me for money.
I have to return this book to the library.
Don't spend all your money on comic books.
You should have attended today's meeting.
The only thing that Tom drinks is coffee.
I'll ask Tom to get you something to eat.
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.
How long are you going to stay in Boston?
Ask Tom to call me as soon as he returns.
When are you moving into your new house?
What's the difference between these two?
Does Tom complain about back pain often?
Are you aware that Tom doesn't like you?
What time do you get up in the morning?
Tom is working as a software engineer.
Who's that woman standing over there?
Where do you usually buy clothes?
When does your summer vacation start?
I don't feel like talking to anybody.
How long should I take this medicine?
Can you complete the job in two days?
Ask Tom to call me. He has my number.
Why do you always wear white shirts?
Which newspaper do you usually read?
Nothing like that will happen again.
Did Tom ask you anything about that?
Who's that man standing over there?
Tom came to my office this morning.
I'd rather go hungry than eat this.
How many people came to your party?
You should've told me yesterday.
I don't feel like walking so fast.
I didn't ask Tom to wait for me.
How often do you check your email?
Are you really interested in that?
Why didn't you apply for the job?
Where do you keep your textbooks?
Is Tom studying French at school?
I have to return this book today.
Why are you telling me all this?
Who told you that I wasn't well?
I shouldn't have wasted my time.
I bought this sweater yesterday.
Would you like another serving?
I wonder why the train is late.
I apologize. It was my mistake.
How long will you have to wait?
Do you have a computer at home?
Did you go to office yesterday?
Ask Tom to bring Mary tomorrow.
Are you one of Tom's relatives?
Please put the books in order.
I don't feel like watching TV.
I didn't ask Tom to come here.
Are they coming here tomorrow?
Who told you that I was sick?
When do you leave for school?
What're you going to do next?
I have a lot of friends here.
I don't have a good appetite.
I didn't ask Tom to go there.
Which newspaper do you read?
Where do you buy vegetables?
Please ask Tom not to shout.
How long should I rest?
How are you going to manage?
Don't you have school today?
Did Tom come here yesterday?
Ask Tom to wait till I come.
Ask Tom to bring his guitar.
Where's the ticket counter?
Tom has a friend in Boston.
May I have a word with you?
Did it rain here yesterday?
Ask Tom not to wait for me.
Why did you quit your job?
Why are you staring at me?
Whose handwriting is this?
What's your sister's name?
Is Tom still working here?
I have a very bad earache.
How often do you go there?
How many people work here?
How did you convince them?
Don't you have any change?
Did you return Tom's book?
Did you get there on time?
Did the police arrest Tom?
Tom is on the other line.
Tom is a friendly person.
Tom came here by himself.
There is plenty of water.
Nobody will believe that.
I hope our team will win.
I have a severe headache.
Excuse me, may I come in?
Do you have school today?
Ask Tom to come tomorrow.
Who turned off the light?
Where's Tom working now?
When do you return home?
What's your aim in life?
Tom is my older brother.
Tom came here yesterday.
Tom came here last week.
How's your married life?
How's everybody at home?
Can I leave my bag here?
Ask Tom not to go there.
Are they your relatives?
Why didn't you tell me?
Where did you meet Tom?
Tom only drinks coffee.
I have a meeting today.
I don't mind it at all.
Do you work on Sundays?
Did Tom ask us to wait?
Are you angry with Tom?
Why is the train late?
Why are you asking me?
Who did you come with?
When do you go to bed?
What have you decided?
Tom is my grandfather.
How did you get there?
Don't try my patience.
Don't talk about that.
Don't ask me anything.
Did you lock the door?
Did you get my letter?
Are you satisfied now?
Are you afraid of Tom?
Why are you laughing?
Where is my umbrella?
Tom has two children.
Please lock the door.
I'll ask Tom to wait.
I'd like to meet Tom.
Don't you have a pen?
Did Tom say anything?
What's today's date?
What did he ask you?
Tom knows my number.
Tom is my colleague.
Tom came here alone.
It might rain today.
Is this seat vacant?
How will you manage?
Get out of my sight.
Get dressed quickly.
Don't waste my time.
Don't make me angry.
Who do you suspect?
Where are my books?
What station is it?
Tom is out of town.
Thanks for calling.
How's your brother?
How did Tom escape?
When did Tom come?
Tom is doing fine.
It was my mistake.
I have an old car.
How's your father?
How do you manage?
Everybody is fine.
Why are you late?
I have a scooter.
Here is the bill.
Don't disturb me.
Did you call Tom?
Did anybody come?
Where's Tom now?
What did you do?
Tom is friendly.
How's everybody?
Please shut up.
I have a truck.
Don't go there.
Are you joking?
Tom has a car.
Stop worrying.
I feel sleepy.
Don't rush me.
I feel tired.
Did Tom come?
Are you Tom?
Eat slowly.
He called her mobile.
He called her cell phone.
Tom was given a 20-week prison sentence.
There are lots of eggs in that box.
We're out of tea.
John ran to the station to catch the last train.
John ran to the station in order to catch the last train.
He's so credulous. He takes everything you say at face value.
Mr. Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
My house is designed to withstand an earthquake.
Not a day went by when he didn't regret what he'd done.
I've got a lorry.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr. Smith is the best.
Tom was sentenced to five months in prison.
How gullible does Tom think we are?
I didn't realize that Tom was so gullible.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance that Tom will be elected.
I don't drink water.
We walked for a long time.
Almost one-third of all office workers wear glasses.
One morning, Gregor Samsa woke from a rough night's sleep and found himself transformed in his bed into a monstrous bug.
He's not very strict about this.
Read as much as possible.
The rental should be somewhat close to where I work.
This medicine may cure him.
Betty's Esperanto is really great.
Betty speaks Esperanto really well.
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.
My parents won't let me date.
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
We are at home.
I am not afraid.
Is it really that hard to speak English?
What is the name of this bird?
A person who laughs is happy.
The sea can be heard from here.
You should stop drinking.
It costs too much.
What's wrong with it?
You know very well what she wants.
Tom is stuck in the past.
Tom bought it for an absurdly low price.
Mary put her body against Tom.
Tom patted Mary.
Mary wants to sweep the house.
Tom ate alone.
Tom forgot the ketchup.
Mary is neurotic.
Tom is spoiled.
Tom is a spoiled child.
Tom is not old enough.
This is very bad.
I hate you!
I wish you were dead!
Tom is a spoilt child.
Tom likes to listen to podcasts.
He's in hospital.
Do not accuse me of anything.
All students are supposed to know the school regulations.
Every student is supposed to know the school regulations.
I met his wife at the station. She's very attractive.
I got into trouble with the police for driving too fast.
I suggest that you write him a thank-you letter.
I suggest that you write her a thank-you letter.
I suggested that we end the meeting.
The cats are afraid of water.
It started to rain in torrents.
Overall, the game's technology and society approximates that of an industrial or post-industrial science fiction.
People ought to work.
You, John, know many countries.
What's on fire?
Brazil is surrounded by ten countries and the Atlantic Ocean.
I think it's dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
It doesn't matter all that much what college you graduated from.
It doesn't matter very much which college you graduated from.
On February 14th, Americans celebrate Valentine's Day.
Please give me your picture so I don't forget how you look.
Research requires a lot of energy, but it's worth the effort.
I'm starving! Hurry and give me something to eat.
Do as your heart dictates.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
Now I'm really tired.
I need a smoke.
And what about a coffee?
Speak, please.
It's not a good idea.
I'm going for a walk.
I would like to improve my French but I really have no time.
Do you have time to have dinner with me tonight?
I had to leave the theater in the middle of the concert.
"Superman" is showing at the movie theater this month.
You haven't a care in the world.
The words above the door of the theater were one meter high.
I don't have the time to do everything I want to do.
In Singapore, one way to punish criminals is to whip them.
Keep in mind that you're not as young as you used to be.
Please speak more loudly so everybody can hear you.
Please speak louder so everybody can hear you.
The waterworks is located not far from my home.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Tom is an ignorant fool.
Tom holds Mary in high esteem.
Tom is holding Mary in his arms.
Tom is angry that Mary disagrees with him.
That made Tom uncomfortable.
Tom struggles with this concept.
Tom is struggling with this concept.
Tom is jacking off.
Tom used the car jack.
Tom jacked up the car.
Tom used the floor jack.
Tom is a carjacker.
Reality has a Liberal bias.
Tom started the fire.
Tom is an evangelist.
I don't see this as a major issue.
Tom started off strong.
It seemed too good to be true.
This seems too good to be true.
Tom might become famous.
Tom wished Mary the best of luck.
I'm very proud of Tom.
Tom's performance was not up to his fans' expectations.
I'm honored to work with Tom.
We must strive to do better.
Wolves travel in packs.
This is nothing to write home about.
That's useful information!
Tom is the coolest person in the world.
This idea is actually pretty good.
Tom wants to keep Mary on his good side.
They look very similar to me.
If he were given another chance, he'd do his best.
Given another chance, he'd do his best.
If you gave him another chance, he'd do his best.
He ran so fast that they couldn't catch up with him.
Since he ran so fast, they couldn't catch up with him.
They couldn't catch up with him because he ran so fast.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
I'm sorry, but I cannot answer right away.
I absolutely don't know that woman.
I really don't know that woman.
The deadline is approaching.
Today, I had a lot of troubles.
All you have to do is go there.
The only thing you need to do is go there.
I ate toast for breakfast.
The set of real numbers is uncountable.
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?
Tom pumped up the tyre.
I don't like drip coffee.
I don't like filter coffee.
Tom is a one trick pony.
For certain tasks, my computer can be very useful.
Happy is he who has, like Ulysses, made a wonderful journey.
This time, the exam was not just difficult, but also, the questions were ambiguous.
It is safe to wager that every public idea and every accepted convention is foolish because it has suited the majority.
The most completely wasted of all days is that in which we have not laughed.
The days most wasted are those during which we have not laughed.
In France, we leave alone those who start fires, but we persecute those who sound the alarm.
Captain Branciforte didn't care at all for his son's future.
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.
The police are checking their bags.
If you believe that by insulting you would solve the problem of fishermen, well, let me say, you deceive yourself.
The victory comes right away if force covers.
Can you tell me your past medical history?
Can you tell me which medication are you taking daily?
As soon as I entered the class, the students started asking questions.
I understand what you say.
That's what's on my mind!
It has improved compared to how it was before.
Do you like ice cream? Would you like an ice cream?
Her skin is whiter than snow.
His illness is caused by bad weather.
They have the horse.
Atlantic City is famous for its boardwalk.
Horses have three modes of locomotion: Walk, trot and gallop.
It seems too good to be true.
Did you know you are stronger than you think you are?
All of a sudden, she spoke out.
All of a sudden, he spoke out.
However, these days everyone has a bathtub. Isn't it pretty simple to take a bath?
I really hope that I can speak authentic Chinese.
Tom is watching a telenovela.
Even though he lives in the United States, Tom can't speak English.
Even though English is his native language, Tom doesn't know the difference between "lose" and "loose".
Tom said he was sorry for last night.
Tom lives in a small village.
Tom doesn't want to sell his farm.
Tom doesn't want to sell his land.
Mary is frustrated with her life.
Mary won't let Tom have his way.
Tom and Mary embarked on a road trip.
Tom is a hippy.
Tom is a rapper.
Tom is a hipster.
Tom is a beatnik.
Tom didn't want to go to war.
Tom took advantage of Mary's misfortune.
This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.
Tom went to the brothel.
This is a true story.
Mary became a nun and opened an orphanage.
Tom was left for dead in the desert.
Tom was left for dead.
If you can sing, that's good enough.
According to the weather report, the rainy season will start next week.
Tom was reunited with his father.
She's almost the same height as you.
Tom and Mary met through an online dating website.
Tom went on a blind date.
Tom and Mary had an arranged marriage.
Tom works illegally in the U.S.
Tom never lost hope.
Tom was rescued after being trapped six days in the mountains.
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.
Tom needs to clean his room.
Tom has no idea where to start.
Don't get distracted!
Tom's mum was pleased.
Tom is depraved.
Tom is an hedonist.
This is pretty exciting stuff.
Tom ran away from home.
Tom is a lifeguard.
AIDS means "Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome".
My lungs hurt.
Tom knows too much.
Tom couldn't locate the Danube on the map.
Tom didn't know that Hawaii was part of the United States.
Tom thought that Africa was a country.
I have no idea who he is.
She swallowed it hook, line and sinker.
I love vanilla ice cream.
No one is more hardworking than you all.
The students are currently on holiday.
I have no books to read.
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.
Give your best effort in all that you do.
The couple had a son.
Jim hasn't come home yet.
Jim has not yet returned home.
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.
A cold front swept over Europe.
Extreme cold covered Europe.
A cold snap spread across Europe.
The old house was demolished.
Didn't you write him a letter?
I don't like snack bars. They're expensive, noisy, and full of the smell of tobacco and fried food.
We shouldn't discuss this in a club.
It's all over now.
The service nobility was a pillar of the Prussian state.
Don't lie to me!
Don't try to trick me!
Don't cheat me!
She didn't answer.
We've been married for 30 years.
The professor grinned.
The professor smiled a little.
The professor smiled slightly.
Will you please tell me the secret?
Don't just eat fish. Eat some meat, too.
Don't just eat fish. Eat meat, too.
Try not to cry.
That train stops at every station.
In which direction did he go?
Our school is near a park.
The theatre usually opens at this time.
I believe that everything will be okay.
I think that everything will be okay.
I work in a chemist's.
If you don't want to do it, don't!
Do you live in Portugal or in Brazil?
I hope that everything is in order.
The store is open from nine to six.
Don't go over the speed limit.
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.
The car continued to pick up speed.
What wonderful weather!
In a democracy, it is important that the press be independent.
He reads novels every day.
I will get you a bike for your birthday.
I will get you a bicycle for your birthday.
It is now eight in the morning.
Mike doesn't play basketball on Mondays.
We are going to the market.
We are going to the shop.
Don't worry about the results of the exam.
I'm scheduled to see Mr. Jones next week.
My doctor told me to quit smoking.
My doctor told me to give up smoking.
Tom doesn't know which colour to choose.
He cried like a six-year-old.
I will always remember you.
I said it in jest.
I said it as a joke.
Do you want some fruit juice?
I love to play my guitar.
Hello George. How are you?
Sit down, the place isn't taken.
I intend to stay in Kyoto with my aunt.
I was born and grew up in Matsuyama.
Which shoes do you like?
I spent two nights in this hotel.
My telephone doesn't work.
The Japanese take off their shoes before entering a house.
Egyptian began to be written using the Greek alphabet in the 1st century.
I am pleased to see you.
When I meet you, I remember your mother.
Please conserve water during the summer.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the backyard.
Please remember to mail the letter on your way home.
The whole family was out harvesting the corn.
There's a lot of fruit.
After we had eaten, we went outside to skate.
Clear the area, please.
Have you already heard that your firm has won the tender?
I don't even know who she is.
You think I understand absolutely nothing about this question.
I forgot I have a bad short-term memory.
It being Sunday, the shop was closed.
Since it was Sunday, the store was closed.
Do you want some beer?
Oh crumbs!
My grandmother is sick.
East Indian sexuality has been influenced by recent colonial history. By no means are the levels of libido homogeneous throughout India, of course.
Mathematics is more difficult than physics.
Physics is more difficult than mathematics.
I'm sure that I would not get through my test tomorrow.
The castle is on the other side of the river.
The moon is lighting the room.
They are out of funds.
The days are longer in the summer.
She is really good with children.
Social conflicts are the icing on the cake for demagogues.
The fancy restaurant has become a dive.
Your birthday is coming.
The customer has been on the phone with the salesman for two hours.
Children are playing behind the house.
She was charming during dinner with my parents.
The people exited the stadium in a crowd.
The sky is blue, the sea is also blue. The sky and the sea are blue.
"What color is your dad's truck?" - "Blue. It is blue."
In ancient times people believed that the earth was flat.
A cousin is my uncle's son.
This is a sunflower.
The starlet is a little long in the tooth.
This shirt must go to the laundry.
The starlet is getting on in years.
There's a white dove on the roof.
Somebody called Hanry wants to see you.
The photographs are the only proof we have.
The living room is a tip.
Have you ever cheated on me?
I don't think that he knows Hebrew.
I don't think that she knows Hebrew.
So many things to do, and so little time.
This shirt is too small for me.
To life!
The judge is dejected.
The log is full of dampness.
He doesn't know what he's doing!
I've been there a lot.
French is his mother language.
This committee includes scientists and engineers.
She had something weird on her head.
I remember the day you were born very well.
Where's Mum?
There was no taxi, so I had to walk home.
Since there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
The time bomb exploded with a loud noise.
It's harsh, but fair.
Whenever I see you, I always think of my younger brother.
I never see you without thinking of my younger brother.
Mike has a couple of friends in Florida.
This medicine has no harmful side effects.
I'm an eighth grader.
I'm in the eighth grade.
My father has gone to China. He isn't here now.
Do you want to go to the concert with me?
He can't be hungry. He's just had lunch.
All the students in the class like Mr. Smith.
Either stop talking or say something worth hearing.
He confirmed that it was the wreck of the Titanic.
Without your assistance, I would have failed.
Judging from the expression on her face, she is worried.
I became friends with him while I was in Taiwan.
That's fair enough.
Assuming what you say is true, what should I do?
It's getting cold.
Our new teacher is fresh out of college.
It'll cost at least 2,000 yen to take a taxi.
Yesterday was Tuesday, January 26, 2010.
She was tired. However, she tried to finish the work.
In South Bohemia, there is a calm and sunny landscape with plenty of lakes used for freshwater fish farming.
The problem is not what he said, but how he said it.
I intend to clean my room.
That movie isn't as interesting as the original.
You'll feel better if you take this medicine.
Chris got job as housepainter and was able to raise the money.
She has two cats. One is white and the other one is black.
"The key is in the lock," the man added.
To tell the truth, I've already seen that movie.
I finally found out what was wrong with my TV.
For me, skiing is by far more interesting than skating.
Remember to mail the letter on your way to school.
He watched the horse race with his binoculars.
He watched the horse race using his binoculars.
Since he'd finished his homework, Tom went to bed.
Mars is the god of war.
Tom finished his homework, so he went to bed.
He has two pencils. One is long and the other one is short.
That sort of thing can happen when you're in a hurry.
That kind of thing can happen when you're in a hurry.
He didn't know what to say, so he remained silent.
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
You shouldn't let people use you like that.
I leaned forward so I could catch every word he said.
They accepted my point of view.
They adopted my point of view.
They adopted my viewpoint.
No other student in the class is as brilliant as he is.
He always gets home at six o'clock in the evening.
He always gets home at 6:00 p.m.
Just as I was about to go out, it started raining.
Evenings in Hawaii are beautiful.
If I were in your position, I probably wouldn't know what to do.
Don't lose your patience!
You must be more patient.
We'll die sooner or later.
Never feed dog food to your cat.
They don't speak Spanish.
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education.
The summer here is quite warm.
I'm to the east of the west.
Mr. Shoval submits plenty of sentences to Tatoeba.
The defence attorney achieved a plea deal of ILS 5 million.
Herod the Great built the Masada fortress and rebuilt the Temple.
The jury has agreed upon a verdict.
The jury has reached a verdict.
She smokes excessively.
The judge asked the jury to reach a verdict.
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
Herod the Great suffered from paranoia.
Sir Humphry Davy - one of the greatest chemists.
Form is temporary, class is permanent.
He’s the president — he kind of asked for it.
Its detractors agree that it is more than a humans-in-space odyssey — even if they do not agree on why that is so.
This is because you approach everything as a total person, with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions.
Asia is the most populated continent in the world.
Esperanto is an 'informal', constructed language.
Turkey is a developed country.
India is a developing country.
Israel is a developed country.
In some countries capital punishment is illegal.
The verdict was a death sentence.
The state appealed the verdict.
The defense was pleased by the verdict.
The defense attorney was pleased by the verdict.
The judges made a decision.
The Senate drafted a resolution.
Senators drafted a resolution.
Imagine that you begin to hiccup and can't stop.
The letter you wrote must be corrected and transcribed, even if you already rewrote it many times.
Senators made a decision.
The Senate made a decision.
"Advise and Consent" is a book about the US Senate.
"Doctor, everybody is ignoring me." "Next one, please."
The ugly clouds were getting closer, so we went inside.
This photo is my favourite!
Spain is a developed country.
Get the thief!
There was no slippage in the schedule.
He's trying to muscle in on my territory and get a piece of the action.
The show's about a New Jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy.
I spit on your mother's grave!
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
Take a screenshot of just the highlighted text.
Maybe he's not young.
Carthage must be destroyed.
Why don't you say "Friend"? It's always sufficient.
My blood group is A+.
You can use a psychrometer to measure relative humidity.
A sling psychrometer is used to measure relative humidity.
Hi, Tom!
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
If you are hoping in what may happen without committed action, then stop. You're just dwelling in wishful thinking.
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it.
Are you a Buddhist?
Are you a Taoist?
Hello and bye! I'm Nonong.
That's a plan that would likely to be canceled by rain.
The book is the best present.
We have plenty of time to eat.
We have enough time to eat.
In their family, they have always been farmers from father to son.
I love to travel abroad.
I don't want to miss the flight.
I don't want to miss the plane.
Hi, I have an appointment with the general manager. This is my interview notice.
I'm not afraid of facing pressure. When problems arise, I will quickly think of ways to find the solutions.
We would've enjoyed our trip if it hadn't been for the rain.
Magnanimity is a great treasure; harmonious affinity with others is wonderful, Detachment from name and gain averts trouble; happiness makes older people feel young.
Man must take a lesson from difficult situation and bad condition which befall in her/his life.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking.
Beauty without bounty avails naught.
Optimism is like the lamp of hope. Pessimism [or negativity] is like a drug of sorrow.
I dressed up as a girl for the school festival.
I was dressed up as a girl at the school festival.
A flattering friend is your worst enemy.
It's very hard to get rid of the cockroaches in our house.
The teacher gave her a lot of information about the university.
It was the year A.F. 632. "A.F." meant "After Ford" as in the T-Model.
She doesn't seem happy.
My wife is cooking.
I have money.
Her boyfriend is Turkish.
I've read both books.
He would laugh.
We couldn't do anything for them.
I begin this afternoon.
You may eat anything as long as you don't eat too much.
You should have invited him, but you didn't.
Holly Black was born in a decrepit Victorian house in New Jersey.
Lulu Island was named after a possibly Hawaiian showgirl, Lulu Sweet, in 1862.
The whole Mississippi river basin from the Gulf of Mexico and up to the Great Lakes area used to be French territory.
This is my song.
What would North America be like today if Russia had preserved their territory in Alaska?
He often needs to seek solace in places near water.
The northern half of what is today Papua New Guinea was a German colony.
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.
Didn't you hear the scream?
My father works here.
After the accident, he never could move his leg again.
If you don't stir the rice, it will burn.
Do you have a spoon I can stir the rice with?
I told them they shouldn't move.
If the dog bit him, it's because he messed with it.
The call is free of charge.
Stir the paint with a stick.
I have to leave because there's someone waiting for me outside.
They want to learn English.
There'll be coffee and cake at five.
How do you say these two phrases in French?
I haven't got a clue.
He told her something and she smiled.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you.
I can't find it anywhere.
John's hand is clean.
I only have one mouth, but I have two ears.
I often read.
Kid, don't touch the mirror!
I just want to hold her hand.
His son is a genius.
Aside from a brief flirtation with belly dancing, Mary decided she would rather kick-box.
The spy was very furtive as he stole the keys from the guard.
We can't put a young boy in prison.
We have to memorize this poem by the next class.
If you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
I love Natasha.
The drug addict had to undergo rehabilitation.
I don't have time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that I gave you to mail.
She hid the letter carefully so no one would see it.
My first car didn't have power steering.
We'll leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
I missed the last bus and had to walk home in the rain.
In countries like Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
I used to live in an efficiency.
They're very likely to arrive next week.
I think it's very likely that they'll arrive next week.
My little sister has been suffering with a toothache since last night.
Since I'm here, would you like to chat?
I'm here, so do you want to chat?
She fainted, but came to after a few minutes.
The red lines on the map represent railway lines.
How did you manage to do that?
We should have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
The cabinet minister ended up submitting his resignation.
You may stay here if you like, as long as you keep quiet.
The sum of the ignorance of the Republican candidates in the primaries for the U.S. presidential election is simply mind-boggling: one is afraid that China will obtain nuclear weapons, which they have had for 44 years, and the other proposes to close the U.S. embassy in Iran, which has been closed for 32 years... Such stupidity at the head of the world's most powerful country gives one the shivers!
If it hadn't been for your advice, he would have been ruined.
This broken vase is irreparable.
That broken vase is irreparable.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late.
Where are the toilets, please?
Did you have a nice weekend?
I am tired because of illness and work.
With such friends, one needs no enemies.
I was born and raised in Lojbanistan, so my native language has been Lojban, but I immigrated with my family to Blueberryland, so my adopted language has been Interlingua.
I have tried everything but failed again.
I know that people also speak Interlingua in the Blue Mango Country.
That was our first encounter.
I'm a little touched.
Numbers are not always about age and money. If one thinks otherwise, then one has not been exposed to too much mathematics. It becomes evident...
That will be funny.
Would it be better if numbers were completely arbitrary and had no emotional associations?
He tells us what makes him laugh.
Hope dies last.
You don't work in an office.
I'm not going to the movies tomorrow.
I have no time for games.
He respects me.
I'll call her immediately.
He did the opposite.
I'd like to go, too.
He can't help making fun of others.
Do you want a ticket?
I want to give you something rare.
The deep night and the full moon offered us only the atmosphere as a gift.
A lonely man is lonely because he is afraid of others.
You should look up this word.
You should look this word up.
My pen has been stolen.
She would be proud of me!
Send it to me now.
The day of judgment has come.
The day of judgment has arrived.
I want some milk.
Greece has defaulted on its debt.
He is still grappling with religious beliefs.
Religion is very personal. Practically everyone has really his own religion. Collectivity in religion is an artifice.
Communicating more to the point and directly would help everyone.
Not only Orientals love metaphors and similes.
A French word often fades right at the end...
Portuguese words sound squished...
Spanish words sound sandy...
The Internet is no solace at all for most people. It feels unnatural for them...
The strange thing about money is that it can limit one's behaviour.
Because of the Internet, people can meet other people whom they otherwise would never meet without the Internet. And it is at least global.
The Internet, after several centuries, extended into the entire Solar System.
Soon, the space agencies launched thousands of robot probes all over the Solar System to explore planets, moons, asteroids, and comets...
An army of robot probes explored the Solar System at enormous cost.
Robot technology advanced to the point where biological, organic parts became essential components.
Mary appeared on the TV show 'Teen Mom'.
She demanded that he attend school regularly.
Such a statement I would not dignify with a response.
He lost all his possessions.
He lost all his belongings.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up this plan.
Famous artists are pressed by journalists.
I hate working.
Did that really happen to him?
I see no reason.
He was tired, so he went to bed earlier.
Do you understand this book?
My watch is ten minutes slow.
250 kg is an extraordinary weight, even for a sumo wrestler.
What is the largest mountain in Japan?
To know one's self is to be free.
I am thinking of my vacation.
Your coat is very beautiful.
The lake has a very clear water.
Are you an animist?
I don't know where you are going.
I don't know where you will go.
They took me!
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
Death is like a race in which everyone tries to finish last.
We had a meal after noon.
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?
How many books do you think you've read so far?
Don't bug me.
The story of Tom and Mary's relationships is full of dramatic events.
Pull yourself together!
These are called shoes.
It's an embarrassing illness.
I sweat every day.
They're analyzing the samples.
Bet without exaggerating.
The octopus exits only to look for food and for reproductive purposes.
If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
She disappeared with no documents.
It's a beautiful old medieval town!
There's only one person under investigation.
The husband admits he has a relationship.
The blonde girl has a really nice cleavage.
Siberian night is very long.
Siberian nights are very long.
I need to move and warm me up.
Come on, let's go up!
Who killed her?
It's a nice seaside town.
Instinct is the key.
This is positive energy.
The armchair I'm sitting in is very comfy.
The impairment cannot bring them to lose their willingness to live.
I'm not for spoiling pets.
Let's try to answer these questions.
The answer was not correct.
He didn't have any accomplice.
Hell will have frozen over before those idiots fifure out what to do
If he'd been there, he'd have told you to mind your manners.
If that accident had happened in a city, it would have caused a disaster.
The button battery for my computer's timer died.
In those days, I made it a point to take a walk before breakfast.
I was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it.
I'll lend you any book that I have, as long as you keep it clean.
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
Here we are, right? Luisma is stupid, isnt' he?
That's not what I was looking for.
It's not what I was looking for.
He hasn't been doing anything since he graduated from high school.
Lift the mosquito net.
The thermosiphon is turned off.
I did the wash.
There's no more ointment.
The spin-dryer was to be set to 400.
My mother got injured, I need to be her carer.
Sunday's match will be crucial.
Our parents are so proud.
Our company has a well organized system of 200 sales offices, located all over Japan.
It seems to me the flag is correct.
This summer the transfer market will be more exciting than ever.
It's a daydream attack.
He believes he's gonna stay.
The defender talked about his impressions after the match.
It hasn't been a piece of cake either.
Nothing's easy.
He's in the fourth year.
He went back to work with physiotherapists.
Can you fire a nation?
At a first glance it seems easy.
People stay outside.
He was checking a ticket.
We uncovered this arcane.
Why worry so much?
I don't know exactly what time she's coming.
The lecture is composed by two parts, one theoretical, the other practical.
After my graduation, I'd like to go to Shanghai, in order to study China's history.
We'll sleep embraced.
Blessed for not making me a woman.
You lower it then.
Describe yourself shortly in Chinese.
The roads are dirty.
He invented the wheel.
It's gonna be a challenge.
Which one do you like better?
It must be true.
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?
To drink or not to drink - that is the question.
"Do you like to travel?" "Yes."
I think that you are correct.
I am in Lyon, but maybe I'll go to Paris for hunting a job.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
Are you coming at six or at seven?
And don't forget: I will always love you.
I have the same dictionary as your brother.
You don't need to do sports.
It is only the cat's fault.
Only the cat is to blame.
My friend doesn't believe in ghosts.
He works in order to forget.
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.
Tomorrow it will rain.
I'm quite satisfied.
I am quite satisfied.
This is obscene.
I finally have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
A good idea came to him.
It's his Christmas present.
Tom is definitely not stupid. He's just lazy.
He sat in silence and was looking straight ahead of him.
They drove across several villages during the trip.
He looked all the houses unfolding.
He wonders how it would be to live where they are supposed to live.
But most of all he wondered what her name was.
So, I'm arrived.
Well, what do you think of me?
It's not higher math.
He unloaded the car.
You should consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
He closed carefully the front door.
It was so noisy in there.
The room seems awfully dark and spooky.
It echoed desolate.
They went up the stairs.
I looked for my room.
You will find your toys and books.
I felt immediately a bit better.
I don't know how I did it. What's important is that I did it.
You don't need to come so early.
Spring is in the air.
Way to go!
Attaboy!
No one can understand your letter.
There are women to whom we make love, and those, to whom we speak about it.
I think I'll put up my child for adoption.
I'm pretty sure that my new cricket bat is unbreakable.
He had no distinguishing features.
I consider paracetamol to be an ineffective medicine.
My manliness came into question when I started to like the colour pink.
The Riemann Hypothesis is unproven.
All unclaimed property will be disposed of at midday tomorrow.
That woman who picked a fight with me was being very disrespectful.
The opinion of others is all the same to me.
Tom is not in prison at the moment.
Her derogatory remarks towards her boss caused her to lose her job.
I still find a certain animated TV show hilarious to this day.
After a lengthy trial, the woman was sentenced to 5 years in prison for involuntary manslaughter.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, the party will now take place at 9pm.
Although English is not his first language, he speaks it impeccably.
Don't you have nausea?
I am going to remove the appendix.
Make the cut deeper.
Does the cough disturb your sleep?
There is no doubt that I could not do it without your help.
You have such a poor sense of direction!
Turn off the damn camera!
The terrorists brought rope with them so that they could tie up all the hostages.
I love dreaming up sentences to post on Tatoeba.
These words are sure to be the incoherent ramblings of a mad man.
Beauty is only skin deep.
This work is simple enough that even a child can do it.
My liege is a man of many talents.
The company was inundated with lawsuits.
The economy contracted in the last quarter.
Once upon a time they used to travel by a diligence.
In the past, people used to travel by a diligence.
We cried with all our might.
These phenomena occur but rarely.
Not tonight, I have a headache.
Turn to the left!
This is not the case with everything.
Add the onion.
He is beautiful like a god!
A candle lighted the room.
I am very much in love with her!
Then you water the bowl of flour with a little water.
Will I have the pleasure of seeing you again?
Last winter, I went skiing in Canada.
What is the file extension?
We shared happy and important moments.
A carcass has been found at the urban park.
Today I'm feeling melancholic.
England go out on penalties again.
It's not even a little bit cheap, it's extremely expensive!
I'd really enjoy going skiing with you this weekend.
I really wish I could play tennis with you tomorrow.
I really wish I didn't have to go to that meeting this afternoon.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to go sailing with us next week.
Since when are you two on a first name basis?
Relax!
I am shocked and appalled at what I have just seen.
Carelessness causes frequent accidents.
He unintentionally revived his mother-in-law.
Capital accumulated because of interest.
I'm sure of my sentence.
Thanks for being my guide.
I know your numbers.
After a tiring game of football, I think I will go to bed.
He's sketching an apple.
He had a kind word and a pleasant smile for everyone.
He amused himself by drawing figures.
I'm thinking about something else.
You have lost, give up!
A secure income is an important thing for me.
Go to the doctor at once!
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?
I'd lend you some of my brother's books.
Once social change begins it can not be reversed. You can not un-educate the person who has learned to read. You can not humiliate the person who feels pride. You can not oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
The earth hath yielded her increase.
Three ships were given to Columbus by Queen Isabella.
The real taste of life is not found in great things, but in small ones.
If human nature is evolving, it's not much faster than the geological profile of the Earth.
The cleaner thought that she was only doing her job - in actual fact, she destroyed a modern work of art worth millions. Now the museum is struggling with how to handle the crisis.
She became an object of universal admiration.
I don't want to eat cooked rice.
The child is wearing a belly-slip made of silk.
Where can I buy silk?
He was so poor that he couldn't buy bread.
Those were the days!
You shall not kill.
Every rumour contains a grain of truth.
No one can stop the time from passing.
You're actually asking two questions there.
You must return the ring whence it came.
I read some books.
This too shall pass.
Give me the cup of coffee!
I refuse to dignify that with a response.
What was the last concert you saw?
It's raining, so please bring your umbrella.
Don't you just hate unorganized lecturers?
I'll go buy some bread.
I only ask out of curiosity.
How much blood has the injured lost?
The website is down.
This isn't everyone's cup of tea.
I love summer rain.
Human as a biological being belongs to the animal world.
Primates are plantigrade animals.
All mammals have seven cervical vertebrae.
Like a typical vertebrate the human has two pairs of limbs.
The victim was crippled by dogs.
I know what to expect from that lot.
I know them inside out.
He was alone in the darkness - and nobody else.
Every problem has a solution.
The experiment has to begin.
Your efforts are futile.
If we only wanted to be happy, it would be easy; but we want to be happier than other people, and that is almost always difficult, since we think them happier than they are.
I ran out of fuel.
Holster your weapon.
Your death will not have been in vain.
I will complete what he started.
Looks can be deceiving.
I don't feel like speaking German.
I write letters which I never send.
A hero is often just a person who doesn't have the ability to recognise danger.
What makes you think that Tom prefers living in the country?
What makes you think that Tom likes heavy metal?
What makes you think that Tom is planning to ask Mary to marry him?
What makes you think that Tom is planning on resigning?
Are there any students from Korea in your class?
She likes to wear dark colours.
I like to learn Chinese and English.
I like a day like a dream.
Excuse me, may I open the window?
Is it comfortable to travel by ship?
Staying up late is harmful to your health.
Staying up late is not good for the health.
Is your house far from your company?
You have to choose between honor and death.
The Spanish government has announced a severe austerity budget.
The government is considering tax cuts.
I doubt he is qualified enough to manage such a team!
It is time to stop watching television.
He's about to finish reading the book.
The Government are considering tax cuts.
It is my dream to become a teacher.
If you have problem with rats and mice, you can scare them away with ultrasound.
Tomorrow there is a forecast of snow.
She has a pure heart.
The girl in the picture is smiling.
Let me go, you're choking me.
I regret telling you.
I regret having told you.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
I'll leave this with you.
People can actually understand them.
Didn't you see my keys?
"You aren't Mr. Lima." "No, I'm his son."
My wife's father is my father-in-law, I am his son-in-law, and my father is my wife's father-in-law.
A drop of luck helps more than a whole case of wisdom.
Drops dripped.
He loves music ardently.
That flower tried to attack me.
The committee members are all present.
I'm sorry that I don't conform to your preconceived notions of perfection.
I find learning languages to be very rewarding.
You've somehow managed to misconstrue what I have said.
You may think otherwise, but I prefer to think of it as helping you come to a decision more easily.
I can't believe it! She said she is having triplets!
The theater used to open on Sundays.
The theater used to open on Mondays only.
The theater didn't use to open on Tuesdays.
The theater used to open up early.
The theater used to stay open till late.
The theater used to open up even on Saturdays.
The theater used to open up at dawn.
The theater used to stay open all day long.
The theater used to open up every day of the week.
The theater used to open up at this hour.
The theater used to open up about this time.
Going at her house at this hour in the night? No way!
I want a pet tiger.
In women the pelvis is broader and lower, and all of its dimensions are larger than in men.
The human skull consists of 23 bones.
The engine doesn't function properly.
I slept a lot.
Today I am going to be productive.
I am sick of waiting for my appointment!
Yesterday was a good day.
Forget me.
Never talk to strangers.
Why have you not inquired about the cause of the defect?
I was just being honest.
A reward will be paid to anyone who brings back the money that he lost.
Don' t worry, you shall get the answer this afternoon.
When would you be able to have a telecom ?
I swear I was going to share it.
That must have hurt!
If you were really my friend, you wouldn't still be conversing with him.
Those flowers are very beautiful!
Did I get you?
He was a real stickler for his principles.
You didn't write anything.
After I did my homework, I played football with my friends.
Can I rely on you?
I would have come to the cinema with you all, but unfortunately I had a headache.
I'm also writing the translations in English.
The girl's ability to speak four languages fluently impressed me.
What impression would I give if I wasn't present at his wedding?
I must take something for my cold.
This was senseless violence.
Tom is listening to Carmina Burana.
He's young, maybe too young.
Tom is a man of wisdom and experience.
She's young, maybe too young.
Tom made a pilgrimage.
It's neat and clean.
Tom is a fat man.
Mary should curtsey.
They look rather fake.
It was the worst moment of my life.
Tom and Mary care for each other.
Mary is struggling to get back in shape.
Mary ditched Tom after a week.
Tom and Mary are madly in love.
Her dream is over.
Tom was plastered.
Tom and Mary are holding hands.
Tom is humane.
He has broad views.
I want some more.
Eat your food.
Socrates used to say, "I know that I know nothing, but many people don't know that they know nothing."
Tom can't keep his hands to himself.
Tom should keep his hands to himself.
Mary went to dancing school.
He's got a point.
Tom could not afford to go to the concert.
Tom got to know Mary's friends.
Aren't you going to finish your dinner?
I'm sorry Mother.
What's he hiding?
Tom is a loon.
Sounds good to me.
It's a beautiful rug.
Tom is not focused.
It differs from culture to culture.
Come dear.
Be reasonable.
Tom will take care of everything.
This is inauspicious.
There is there no uniform national standard.
I'm very pleased to make your acquaintance.
What did you like about it?
Nothing could please us more.
Hmm, I think something happened. Wait a second, I will try to figure it out.
Shougongsha is an old Chinese technique to test woman's virginity.
Why you give him this gift?
I must learn seriously.
What are you good at?
What is your greatest project?
Embrace your dreams.
He thought about growing a beard, but gave up the idea of growing one.
She came in quietly so she wouldn't wake up the baby.
It's so easy.
It's not a fish.
It isn't a fish.
For them, it was the end.
Tom is not like the others.
Sex sells.
Mary is the more attractive of the two.
Tom is pursuing a successful career in New York.
Mary wants to meet the right man.
Tom was looking somewhat distraught.
It's absolutely disgusting!
Mary showed her breasts.
Tom is a sorcerer.
Mary is a sorceress.
She looks young. However, she's actually over forty.
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.
She pretended that she knew nothing about it.
She pretended to know nothing about it.
Learn other languages in order to be more proficient in your own.
He gathered the courage to decline the offer.
Atheists will get their comeuppance on Judgment Day.
His avuncular mien endears him to small children.
How to say "apple" in your language?
You'll have to learn all these dates by rote.
For many years, the abbey was turned into a fortress, happily joining in itself martial and religious architecture.
What we have here is a failure to communicate!
Apollo was in constant communication with Houston Mission Control.
Her communication skills could be improved.
I like languages!
German cars are among the best.
I ordered a textbook from the internet, but I had to return it as it lacked accompanying audio CDs.
Not another goalless draw!
Tom is an able cricketer.
We're afraid we'll miss our train.
These books are very old.
I felt like an outcast among those people.
I hope to cure my social anxiety one day.
I told you that I couldn't be trusted with secrets.
There are 10 weeks of preparation for the exam.
Can you bring me the bill, please?
Can you fetch the children from school?
The sun rises.
Prices rise.
Fish surface for air.
The wind lifts the leaves.
I missed a trick by not buying the complete version.
It isn't important.
Could you see me off?
How long have you been standing here?
Tom likes mystery.
You're over-thinking this.
Tom was touched by an angel.
Mary is watching 'Touched by an Angel'.
It's your duty.
Tom has a natural talent.
Tom is dreadfully wrong.
What would you say in this context?
Is this word correct in this context?
He was the angriest man I've ever had the misfortune to meet!
They share their same beliefs.
Nothing happens by chance.
The thought of rating people by attractiveness does not seem fair to me.
We are breakfasting at seven, if you would like to join us.
The cupboards were overflowing with the accumulated debris of several years.
Tom is hard-working.
That's such a wonderful thing.
Tom travels a great deal.
Tom died of typhus.
Tom is a sleazeball.
It wasn't a request.
Sometimes I don't believe I know you.
Let's conquer the world.
The daffodils are starting to wilt.
Tom didn't know what Mary's last name was.
Tom wondered what Mary's last name was.
Tom wanted to know what Mary's last name was.
Tom asked Mary what her last name was.
Tom asked John what Mary's last name was.
Tom was surprised to see John and Mary out on a date.
Tom wondered how long John and Mary had been dating.
Tom saw John and Mary holding hands.
I have two or three calls lined up for today.
Marvellous.
I'm snowed under with work.
I've got to go to the men's room.
It makes a big difference.
Tom fell off the diving board.
Tom had no idea what time Mary would get home.
I teach Mr. Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
I'll move the solar panel from the balcony to the roof in due course.
She has marginalized herself.
She has marginalised herself.
Tom told me that he had been skydiving since he was sixteen.
I like my language.
Tom wanted to stick around to see what would happen. Unfortunately, he had to leave.
Mr. Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
From six until eight in the evening is happy hour.
If you got lost in a crowd, I'd search for you.
Start your morning off with coffee.
Please don't do that again.
I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name.
Would anybody like more coffee?
The Dead Sea lives: it attracts tourists from all corners of the world.
Wasn't it Kafka who wrote that a book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us?
That's ridiculous!
The book's blurbs overflow with superlatives.
I'm happy to have been proven wrong.
A struggling actor I know finally hit pay dirt when he was cast in the new Quentin Tarantino film.
I don't want to pay through the nose for a hotel room.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a fable and a fairytale.
You can forget about that.
I dropped my keys.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to jump in.
That's definitely the goal.
What makes you think that Tom likes "Heavy Metal"?
We will definitely touch base with you guys.
Don't go to sleep with the light on.
You'd make a good diplomat.
He's tripping balls.
You can pretend to be serious, but you can't pretend to be funny.
Of course you have to pay. What did you think?
When Mr. Hilton wanted to sell his house, he advertised it in the newspaper.
Mr. Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would like to meet you.
Mr. Tanaka makes a living by running a small stationery shop near the station.
If I had money, I'd buy this computer.
I can't touch the corpse without gloves.
He has many troubles.
We had many exciting experiences in the college.
My brother is coming on Monday.
She has lived there for seven years.
Where did they go?
Where is law college?
Talk is cheap.
I can rip you apart with my bare hands.
She's mature enough to bear a child.
A 43-year-old woman suspected of having shot dead her husband.
With respect to financial matters, Mr. Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
It was very considerate of Mr. Yamada to send his secretary a bouquet of flowers on her birthday.
He believes himself to be a hero.
The pressure is on!
He will be killed by his boss.
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.
I travelled on shank's pony.
Love is the most beautiful surprise.
That doesn't sound good.
What is the racoon doing in the kitchen?
The aim of this report is to describe schools in Italy and to provide some suggestions on how to improve them.
There can be no possible excuse.
A teacher can also teach classes of different subjects.
The most of them are not mandatory.
Saying that you would rather learn Spanish than Esperanto is like saying you would rather run a marathon than go for a Sunday walk; of course you end up doing neither.
Maybe next time.
I hear what you're saying.
We're in the middle of negotiations.
I'm in the middle of something. Can you call me back?
The ball landed way out in the middle of left field.
She got up and left in the middle of our conversation.
I haven't formed an opinion yet.
They formed a human chain.
The car had two broad stripes painted on the hood and the trunk.
The bus came to an abrupt stop.
The elevator came to an abrupt halt.
Excuse me, could you pass me the sugar?
My father asked me to go to the concert.
The concert will probably last three hours.
This will be a game changer.
This is mystifying.
Tom is very sensitive.
"I'll be back," said Tom.
Tom guessed right.
Tom guessed wrong.
Tom wants to give it a try.
Tom is a perfectionist.
Don't read too much into it.
Don't read too much into this.
This is a big step forward.
This could have far-reaching consequences.
Tom survived unharmed.
I'll do something.
I'm not sleeping well currently and now have rings under the eyes.
We have the cross.
I've just been told that I have to bring my own equipment.
Cadmium poisoning is a very common cause of death in the south.
Sodium reacts vigorously and exothermically with water.
That must have been socially awkward.
Was it Leibniz or Newton who first formulated the theory of calculus?
Most of you probably haven't heard of him, but Georg Cantor is undoubtedly one of the greatest mathematicians of the 20th century.
The set of complex numbers is isomorphic to a certain factor ring.
The year 1905 is an important year in the history of physics. It is the year Einstein changed the face of physics with his theories of special relativity, mass-energy equivalence and the photoelectric effect.
The children listen to a record.
Transformation is birth and death at the same time.
Mum often says that time is money.
This story is far more interesting than that one.
Our on-line Customer Service Desk and trained support agents enable problems to be quickly identified and addressed.
If the need arises customised solutions can be included in the product.
This is not a toy!
Schools teach students a basic method for learning things more effectively.
More modern buildings are safer than older ones.
You're either with me or you're against me.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
He stood for a moment outside the walls of the prison, exulting in his miraculous escape.
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
I hope you can still look at yourself in the mirror my friend.
Are you pointing at me?
Oranges signify a happy love, while lemons - an unrequited one.
She gave me moral support.
I've done nothing wrong.
I don't have enough space to store these boxes.
I can't invite all my friends at once.
Please stop the war.
I don't like this teacher; he always ignores my questions.
Don't think I don't like you.
It's not that at all.
It's just the opposite.
Are you trying to distract me?
I was trying to distract her.
I don't really know why, but they don't like me.
Alice has tried to lose weight.
When she was in kindergarten, all the boys used to call her "princess".
This picture must have been taken in 1964.
We have a long story to tell you.
Believe me, I never did anything wrong.
Everyone has good points and bad points.
I didn't sleep enough.
I am immediately in awe of you!
All of a sudden I'm filled with great admiration for you!
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well?
They just taught me to swear.
Hold your horses.
I'm already hungry.
She's been in hospital for a month.
I'm familiar with the subject.
I'm familiar with this subject.
Thanks for adding me on Facebook.
Customer in a grocery store: "I'd like to have three nuts, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Today I'm online.
I no longer love you; therefore, I am sad.
The child almost drowned.
I hear you loud and clear.
Tom is trying to get it right.
Certainly, these things are true.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Tom is an outcast.
It's usually a good thing.
Tom lives in a backwater area.
Tom and Mary live in a backwater part of the country.
Tom doesn't use steroids.
Tom uses anabolic steroids.
Mary is wearing a T-back.
Tom is meeting with a client.
I'll take a stab at it.
That's icky.
MIT has predicted global economic collapse by 2030.
He shared his soup with me.
I just have one quibble with this product.
This product has significant shortcomings.
This product is well-designed.
This product is fun to use.
This product is a bargain.
Tom and Mary put their pics online.
Tom is an unknown artist.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Tom is extra careful.
Tom was merely a witness.
Tom is a crooked cop.
You should judge a tree by its fruits.
Tom completed the jigsaw puzzle.
Don't blame me.
Her letter made me tear up.
Tom is a Master Gardener.
The sun is bright.
I don't see how it can end well.
The singer broke the windows.
Tom wasn't strong enough.
The problem is the opposite.
Tom is a crony capitalist.
Tom listens to Fox News.
Tom listens to CNN.
Tom has no perspective.
Tom is the devil.
Tom and Mary sold their souls.
Tom is laughing his ass off.
You are morons.
Tom is the real problem.
There is a solution though.
Tom is a Native American.
Tom is a member of the First Nations.
This sounds like a good idea.
What the hell do you want from me?
I kid you not.
Tom cheated on his girlfriend for months.
The most important things for our nation are unity, inter-ethnic harmony and political stability. (N.Nazarbayev)
I would like to work this summer.
The “Book of Changes” presents the oldest binary encoding.
The police informed us about the incident.
Monday is a hard day.
Ready, steady....Go!
Get set .... Go!
Ready, set, go!
The train is coming.
Lights, camera, action!
A major malfunction stopped the car.
They're a motley crew.
The fishing boat turned out to be a pirate skiff.
You'll receive a notice in a few days.
The passing autumn fills me with a feeling of grief.
Alpha, beta and gamma are Greek letters.
France is in Western Europe.
If the difference between order and chaos or preservation and ruin were the same as that between high mountains and deep valleys, or between white clay and black lacquer, then wisdom would have had no place: stupidity would also have been alright.
I believe in Jesus Christ.
When you buy a <xxx> television get 1 year of subscription free.
You must keep up a good relationship with your neighbors.
After countless calls to the radio and countless newspaper ads in several consecutive days, people flocked to the festival. There are devoured tons of hamburgers that were offered there in abundance, and drunk liters of beer. As a result was a large number of drunks and thus, massive work for the legions of attending paramedics who had already acquired a huge experience of such mass gatherings at countless other parties.
The red sash perfectly accessorizes her black dress.
The work is a whole day.
I am forever in your debt.
He testified that the wire-tapping was carried out at the behest of his superiors.
I was working under snow.
He was working under the snow.
I won my six pack in the gym.
Abs are made in the kitchen.
Tom is a street urchin.
Mary is a sea urchin.
Mary is a tomboy.
Tom has a great sense of humour.
It will take me some time to learn German.
Tom failed horribly.
Tom went to a boarding school.
I can recommend it to anyone.
It's all in your head.
We value our customers.
It's a quarter till two.
The USA never declared war on Hitler. It was the other way.
You're right about that one.
I believe in Buddha.
I believe in Muhammad.
I believe in Allah.
Visit us please!
I've been waiting for this day to come.
Antiperspirant is useful.
I'm going to rest, OK?
Can you read Arabic?
It's not you, it's me!
It's one of the basic human instincts.
The market is completely saturated.
I can do without it.
It's the war of all against all.
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
An unjust peace is better than a just war.
If we don't end war, war will end us.
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
A people free to choose will always choose peace.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Tom suffered minor injuries.
Tom has been reported missing.
Tom did an absolutely tremendous job.
I read you five by five.
I hear you five-by-five.
I need to repay her.
I'm unable to translate this sentence.
I'm feeling confused.
I'm feeling dizzy.
There are no feed posts for you yet.
The boy almost drowned.
When PC problems slow you down, what can you do?
Next year I'll go to the sea.
Kids need sleep.
Good films expand one's horizons.
The army use civilians as human shield.
I live in Shymkent.
Quintilius Varus, give me back my legions!
He took charge of the expenses.
I like it.
The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Tom is taller than me.
Their teacher praised them.
I no longer have a headache.
Please read my blog.
It's filled with stories from last summer.
I like watching people.
It's happening.
This sentence needs to be checked by a native speaker.
I had a chat with Tom.
Tom couldn't say anything publicly.
That's troubling.
This could have unintended consequences.
Tom can't wait to get started.
Everyone wins.
It’s a different beast.
Tom made a lot of smart decisions.
Tom has a dubious reputation.
I'm going back to Australia in October.
I was thinking about it a few weeks ago.
He would make everyone happy.
She would make everyone happy.
The problem is his.
The problem is hers.
Now she's gone mad.
Try to look at some recent interviews.
He would have done it already.
She would have done it already.
It's the first time that I think of this thing.
I read all the reviews.
I thought the same exact thing.
Go on like this!
It's the only explanation.
I'd approve both things.
Now I begin to understand.
Don't count me in.
He must continue to play like this.
Don't count me in for the party.
People have lost the ability to disagree without being disagreeable.
Some people are evil.
Tom is evil.
Tom is a psychopath.
Tom is a sociopath.
Tom lacks empathy.
It was a sleeper hit.
It's weird isn't it?
Don't fret.
Tom was killed with an icepick.
Tom is a rock and roll star.
John kept his head above the water.
Ain't that cute?
I know who you are.
He's not in the mood.
She's not in the mood.
It's bullshit.
Tom doesn't have a criminal record.
What about his girlfriend?
Tom graduated with Magna Cum Laude.
You're shitting me.
Tom is devious.
Tom is very dangerous.
It takes one to know one.
The price is right.
Tom should get a job.
Gotta catch them all.
Gotta catch 'em all.
Tom's new book is about Mary.
Tom is going to enjoy this.
Mary has nothing to hide.
Tom isn't afraid of experimenting.
Tom has a silk scarf.
Tom doesn't use drugs.
Mary has nice legs.
Tom is sweating heavily.
What difference does it make?
Tom had a rough day.
Thanks for the ride.
Don't take the bait.
Tom ripped off his shirt.
What was she like?
It's a piece of shit.
She's as sweet as honey.
Tom is a fugitive.
You can't learn that in school.
Tom got sucked into it.
Yes, you did.
Tom is on his way.
Were you drinking?
Wanna go upstairs and have a drink?
I was expecting you.
Tom made it look like an accident.
Why take the risk?
I'll meet you there.
I'm going to turn on the heater because it's very cold.
He dared not jump over the brook.
An amputation is needed.
He made a crash test dummy of himself.
First, the trainees are awkward in this company.
I'm suffering from anal itching.
Do you ever have involuntary urination?
Do you suffer from involuntary urination?
Take blood from the donor.
I don't know how to read between the lines.
He asked me point-blank to help him.
The doctor pronounced him dead.
I can tear you apart with my bare hands.
Nothing is forever.
The one that is able to define a problem, already solved half of it.
Where does Iain live?
Boobs are the proof that men can focus at two things at once!
I'm only a man.
I am only a man.
Since I was really tired I went to sleep early.
I'd like three sugar cubes in the milk.
A white dove is on the roof.
I don't pay attention to the rumors I hear; let everyone do as they please with their life.
What a delay!
It's perfectly equal!
When I went to him he was sleeping, but I woke him up.
They're Russian.
Be at the train station at eleven sharp.
Stop talking and listen.
His family really loves watching television every day.
There are people whose only purpose is to be as annoying as possible.
Blue looks good on you.
Write me an email if you feel like it.
My father doesn't drink liquor.
I was overtaken by greed.
When I got up to go to school, the moon was still visible in the sky.
You can also use the Ctrl+Alt+R keyboard shortcut.
The meat, although cooked, isn't completely free of microorganisms.
Am I mistaken, or are you really Ismael?
I feel just like a kid in a candy shop, here!
My father always gets nervous.
What nonsense!
He looked away when he saw me as if we were strangers.
Coffee is ready.
My motto is: Comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.
There is a website called Tatoeba.
Tomorrow I'll cut you.
You're soaking wet.
We found the stray dog and decided to keep it.
You're a nice girl.
We rented a romantic comedy.
Stop meeting famous people!
The young widow got engaged once more.
It was the first time man walked on the moon.
I hope you've learned your lesson.
The plane departs at 5:30 PM.
That's exactly why I came!
Stay calm. I promise nothing bad will happen to you.
I should have stayed out of it.
Do I have permission?
Seven years after his death, they discovered who was responsible.
Most probably, he'll come.
Most probably, she'll come.
Very little is known about them.
Tom shrugged.
I've got diarrhea.
I didn't read any books yesterday.
Try to think about it.
Tom continued to stare out the window.
There was no trace of him.
Somebody farted in the elevator.
His watch is ten minutes slow.
The wife of your son is your daughter-in-law.
If I'll go or not, I still haven't decided.
He loved her.
I very much regretted having lost so much time.
Kazakh is my native language.
She doesn't like being alone, but I prefer it like that.
When is peak sentences?
I'm going to see her today.
David's sick, right?
This sentence exemplifies the way in which the aforementioned expression has come to be completely divorced from its root.
On Children's Day, more than 50 bicycles were donated.
João and Maria broke up last week.
Please show me your passport.
In a Fréchet space, the countable intersection of open dense sets is itself dense.
Show that the matrix is diagonalisable.
Find the dimension of this subspace.
Tom hit a double-eagle on the second hole.
Tom is eager to press on.
Tom is unrepentant.
Tom is watching golf.
She was looking at me.
Tom made an ace.
Tom scored a hole in one.
He might have missed the last train.
He who is not with us is against us.
They let me pick a present.
The Christian festival of Easter is the celebration of the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
The egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth.
Tom hit the green.
Tom missed the green.
That's unbelievable.
Tom hit a bogey.
Tom has a hot hand.
It's rarely nice weather at Easter.
At Easter we eat chocolate rabbits.
There are some things money can't buy.
Eat all your spinach!
I think he's tired.
Tom is so good at this.
We couldn't convince him.
It's prohibited in most countries.
Buckle your seatbelts.
Tom suffers from erectile dysfunction.
That always helps.
Tom has just made a triple bogey.
There was a food fight in the cafeteria.
Tom can't hit the ball straight.
Tom is a golfer.
What a shot!
I've just put new sheets on my bed.
Tom cannot make mistakes.
It's too little, too late.
It was an awful week.
It's a legitimate worry.
Tom left home ten years ago.
Tom is cheering for Bubba.
Tom bounced back.
He's known for that.
Tom is playing with his yo-yo.
He did it not once, but twice.
Tom is in good position.
Tom xeroxed the document.
Tom's house doesn't have running water.
Tom works in agriculture.
Tom is playing smart.
Tom made a good putt.
Can he keep it going?
I've never seen that before.
In 1950, the U.S. population was 150 million.
At that time my house was already built.
Unemployment is high.
This pamphlet is about pets.
He's a liar.
I'll keep my lips sealed.
We'll fight to the end to protect our homeland.
Fight with me!
He hugs a tree.
She hugs a tree.
Tom got hit by a golf ball.
I want to be very clear about that.
Nothing is going his way.
Tom went to West Point.
I have the feeling I've already seen this movie.
Did you go to the book fair?
It took me a long time to rid myself of all those ants.
This house is full of spider webs.
Were you invited to her birthday party?
It's a necessary piece of equipment.
I received an invitation to the birthday party.
Our land is being taken over.
They know what happened.
Tom and Mary know what happened.
One of the bulls pushed the fence down.
Of all the films I rented, this is the only one worth seeing.
Tom comes from a well-to-do family.
Mary is pregnant.
All of the books are good, but none as good as this one.
Tom is a jock.
Tom takes online courses.
Very good, but you're capable of doing better.
Good, but you can do better.
The car went off the road due to snowfall covering the lane.
When she opened her eyes I was the first person she saw.
Right at that time the cellphone rang.
The doorknob broke.
This data is outdated.
Everyone is very welcome, independent of their nationality.
Click here for more information.
Do fish sleep?
It's a slippery one.
News of her pregnancy took her by surprise.
When I grow up I want to be just like my Dad.
When I grow up I want to be just like you.
This technology is called augmented reality.
If religion were synonymous with morality, Brazil would be the most uncorrupted country in the world.
The pastor said Tom's going to burn in hell.
My computer is connected to a properly grounded outlet.
Did you try restarting the computer?
My pen-drive has a virus.
This problem is very common but doesn't have an easy answer.
There's a lot of chit-chat.
What in the hell are you doing in my room?
What in the hell is this?
Tom needs to make a move.
They're all chasing Tom.
Tom is a cyborg.
It's the next logical step.
He didn't quite hit it there.
It's one of those moments.
The pressure is getting to him.
People talk a lot about social networks these days.
Read the instructions carefully before you begin.
Andre is saving his money up to start a business.
The bank refused to grant me the loan.
Mary took out a loan in order to pay her debts.
Tom is our leader.
She was tired of trying to convince him.
I was loved.
I will be loved.
I would be loved.
I have been loved.
I am going to be loved.
The press conference is scheduled to begin one hour from now.
I had been loved.
I was about to be loved.
We have a lockjam.
I will have been loved.
I will be about to be loved.
It was preventable.
Many sailors can't swim.
Tom was rescued by a passer-by.
Mary got her hair fixed.
Tom is not far off the mark.
Tom is missing the point.
The transition won't be easy.
We have arrived safe and sound.
Tom is in the clubhouse.
Antonio Guzmán Blanco came to power in Venezuela in 1870.
It's the rule, not the exception.
Don't mess with Tom.
It isn't over yet.
That's a good tee shot.
That was a costly mistake.
Mary is defending human rights.
He did it again.
She did it again.
Tom did the unthinkable.
Sometimes I have the impression that we'll never come to an agreement.
Be on alert. The evacuation order may occur at any moment.
The girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents.
As Great Britain becomes aware of the reality of Latin America, we will be closer to a solution.
If you have the time, come along with me.
I get nauseous whenever I fly.
She had twins.
Air is to men what water is to fish.
Hand me the remote.
The dog house is outside.
I had already left when they arrived.
Don't let the dog inside.
He hired a new secretary.
I don't feel like doing anything today.
The meat spoiled.
Where can I find the subtitle for this movie?
The boy was afraid of the dark.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
He whispered sweet nothings into her ear.
I would give anything to win her back.
Tom, I feel very alone tonight.
The results of the competition will be announced in a few moments.
Children threw stones at him.
Tom fell into the mud.
He called me a liar and turned around.
Whoever told you that is a liar.
Tom is slightly overweight.
In my life I always was a liar. That's why people liked me.
Thank you dear Lord.
O Lord, who lends me life, lend me a heart replete with thankfulness.
We have to get the hell out of here.
Tom knows how to fight.
Mary knows how to fight.
This is my first time.
Tom is a juvenile delinquent.
Mary is dressed in a skimpy outfit.
This is not true love.
Lincoln is an important person.
Is the anesthesiologist there?
Have you undergone any surgery before? For what reason?
Sometimes I ask myself, what a raven, with its decisive final presence, and its mournful persistent color , may have to say to the aged mountains.
It is hard to make a sentence in a language that you know very little about.
It never existed.
He never existed.
She never existed.
How did you get in? Do you have a key?
Tom felt very tired after sleeping for so long.
Tom and Mary acted like children.
Tom did not seem too sorry.
Tom walked alone.
Tom saw a triple rainbow.
Tom watched the meteor shower.
Tom is sleeping on his bedroll.
Tom slept outside.
Tom wanted to sleep under the stars.
Tom is snoring.
The priest administered Extreme Unction.
Tom returned to the campsite.
Did someone follow us here?
I can repeat it again and again.
Tom visited Mary's grave.
The full stop is missing at the end of the sentence.
The period is missing at the end of the sentence.
They're of human origin.
Those are empty words.
He's the one who touched me.
I have a white cat.
Actually it isn't a theory of mine.
Actually it's not a theory of mine.
You cannot do this.
I also like cakes.
Flowers die if they don't have water.
There's nothing to it.
I have black eyes.
Follow your heart, for it never lies.
So, the time has come to say "Farewell!"
Esperanto is spoken in 120 countries of the world.
Love me tomorrow!
Are you guys seeing that?
He has a very good voice.
You have a very good voice.
Just between you and me, she is, in fact, a monster.
Tom is the only one who can save the world.
Someone ate all the cookies from the cookie jar.
I saw Tom flirt with my wife.
It's Friday! Time to get drunk.
Everyone can play.
This is the thing that frightened me the most.
There was a curtain which was covering the door.
It's very small and cramped.
It's very small and narrow.
Stop publishing bullshit.
I was feeling like being crushed.
His letter made me angry.
They defended their homeland against the invaders.
She's Tom's older sister.
She's Tom's younger sister.
That technology is an incredible thing!
Tom is a good neighbour.
What must Tom say so that Mary forgives him?
You are getting me wrong!
Have you already met?
Have you already met each other?
I won't see him anymore.
I feel your pain, buddy.
How are rights and duties correlative?
Why do you sniff things you see on the ground?
German Shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs.
God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life.
Tom is my best friend.
Tom got creamed.
Tom got owned.
Tom is selling himself short.
Tom is not good enough.
Tom is incompetent.
Tom is competent.
Tom is very competent.
Mary spent her girlhood in seclusion.
Tom knows that he doesn't know.
It's a little nasty.
It's a fad.
I have a little something for you.
Tom is a weakling.
Tom's daughter is out on her first date.
Tom's life was changed forever.
The implications are frightening.
Let's be best friends forever.
This is hilarious.
Someone stole Tom's bicycle.
This must be a mistake.
Get off your lazy ass, Tom!
Tom can do it in 10 minutes.
It was the greatest discovery in human history.
Tom is as giddy as a schoolgirl.
Tom wouldn't have it any other way.
Tom was not amused.
Let me explain.
Tom got a bargain price.
Tom wept.
It did not come off.
Tom did not struggle.
Tom was evasive.
The leopard was getting bored with its spots.
That's a huge organ.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
Mary is very impressed.
Tom had never driven a truck.
I believed to have become immortal.
Tom handed Mary a check for half a million dollars.
Do you sometimes study in the library?
How often did you play basketball when you were in high school?
I can't believe you actually did something like that.
Mary is always saying that Tom isn't romantic enough.
You look fabulous.
We need to talk.
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
You'll have a wonderful time.
Why don't we just sit here and talk?
What did you decide?
I can't tell you what to do.
Tom just got his braces off.
The top cover of a gasoline tank is foating when they are filling.
I catch a cold easily.
He sold all that he owned.
Possession is nearer to him who has than to him who claims.
“I’m dying without you.” “I’ll come to your funeral.”
Everybody knows the line “The boy was firm on the interrogation”, but nowadays many people don’t know the continuation: it is a verse about a boy who died, having refused to renounce his Komsomol membership.
They tapped the terrorists' phone lines.
What you said is true.
The selfish live for themselves alone.
He looks to me with much admiration.
This mall is so big that I can't find the exit.
She never discusses that.
You can leave your dog with me if you travel.
I grabbed a book off the shelf.
Tom's dad is very strict.
For the party I bought a dozen wine glasses and two dozen cups for juice.
I keep telling you!
I never get tired of talking.
He has a broad understanding of the world.
He drives a truck.
He drives a pickup truck.
He drives a tow truck.
He drives a breakdown lorry.
Tom and Mary both have ponytails.
Tom is 50 years behind the times.
I didn't know this thing!
What did your husband give you for your birthday?
They weren't listening to music.
The use of antibiotics is ineffective in the treatment of a virus.
He bought a book and gave it to his father.
Tom is an egotist.
Tom wants to be liked.
Tom wants to be loved.
Tom wants to be admired.
Your wishes are my commands.
Tom wants to be respected.
Tom said that he doesn't care what other people think of him.
Have you heard from your friend lately?
How much should I tip?
Tom's dog ate the breadcrumbs.
Tom devoted his life to the study of this phenomenon.
The stone is perfectly smooth.
Her skin is perfectly smooth.
Tom can draw a perfect circle.
Tom extinguished his torch.
Tom and Mary went spelunking.
Tom and Mary went caving.
Tom and Mary went potholing.
Tom kneeled.
Mary is kneeling.
Tom was hypnotized.
Tom is wearing a drysuit.
Mary is wearing a wetsuit.
Mary appeared to be sleeping.
Tom ran back to the village.
I didn't find mine!
Tom kissed her on the cheek.
Tom broke down and cried.
You have to do as I say.
"I may not have a girlfriend, but at least I'm rich," said Tom.
"I may not be rich, but at least I have a girlfriend," said Tom.
Tom's a likable guy.
I can't speak for Tom.
Who let the dogs out?
Tom let the dogs out of the house.
Can you tell me how to get to the town centre?
That is the book I want to read.
The demand is huge.
I occasionally worry myself to death about worthless nonsense.
I get the feeling there's something wrong with you.
They never really told me.
Constantine the Great is discussed controversively in modern historical research.
I need to make better use of my free time.
Tom tried his best to move the table by himself, but he couldn't.
Your wish is my command.
Tom looked at his watch and saw that he only had five minutes left until lunchtime.
Tom didn't think it would be appropriate for John to give Mary a pearl necklace.
If two people have the same opinion, one of them is redundant.
I’m too tired to run.
Have you ever been to London?
I read in the paper that he was murdered.
Don’t laugh at them.
In Ukraine I always speak Ukrainian.
Everyone knows his name.
Who’s that guy swimming in the river?
Tom just returned from Boston.
The old man spoke with me in French.
A good horse knows its rider.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary is happy.
The vase is on the table.
Do I need to explain the reason to him?
She shut the door.
She’s accustomed to rising early.
His mother was a singer.
The hare stole carrots from the garden.
I want to meet your older sister.
I want to see your older sister.
She is Tom’s older sister.
African folklore is very interesting.
Literature is a strong point in Brazilian culture.
You need to be more attentive in class.
All excess is abominable.
Mother Earth.
I bathe daily.
I bathe every day.
Our marriage is over.
Redheads drive me crazy!
You doubt my loyalty?
The king is dead, long live the king!
In Japan there are four seasons a year.
Our summer is short, but warm.
Everything really sucks!
She will have a child next month.
Tell me when he returns.
The woman stands before the library.
Where do you want to sell this?
The danger was not apparent.
I wear a suit, but not a tie.
Ask him when the next plane will be.
Sign here.
John doesn’t know how to play guitar.
This book seemed hard to read to me.
What is your line of work?
The crocodile is a protected species.
Can you watch my dog while I’m away?
We’ll continue after the film.
Do you know how my friends describe me?
Your Chinese is awesome already.
This cola has gone flat and doesn't taste good.
This cola has lost its fizz and doesn't taste any good.
Tom is a silly man.
Those were the days.
Tom wants to change the world.
Heed the advice of the wise, make your most endeared goal, The fortunate blessed youth, listen to the old wise soul.
His humour is very deadpan.
His humor is very dry.
He has a very dry sense of humor.
He doesn't have his ideas clear.
You learn to appreciate your health when you are ill.
Your son is a genius.
He noticed straight away.
They buried those who had died in battle according to military tradition.
It's either too trite to merit that level of innovation or awkward because the non-standard terminology gets in the way of the meaning.
How much does he earn in a month?
How much does he earn per month?
He speaks fluently.
They marched two abreast.
This problem certainly requires a solution, but that's like shooting a cannon at sparrows
Tom turned the tap on.
Tom turned on the tap.
This girl is still in elementary school, yet she has a wine-tasting master license. I didn't know one could get qualified without even drinking alcohol.
At first, I was only looking at the French sentences, but before I knew it, I was hooked into translating them.
That dress looks good on you, but it makes you look pregnant. Oh, no, not the figure; I meant the design.
Magazines let writers write what they want and decide how to lay it out afterward, but that magazine prioritizes its design, so it sets a predetermined limit on how many words are in it.
Takashi said he wasn't afraid of ghosts, but when he heard some sounds from the supposedly empty second floor, he quickly scrambled away.
I left behind some important documents for the company at home. Sorry, but could you please go and get them for me now?
That was really difficult.
Why do people go to the cinema?
Tom really enjoyed the party.
He is eating a crumpet.
The prawn cocktail was delicious.
She ate a slice of pork pie with egg.
In Britain, mince pies are traditionally eaten at Christmas time.
Would you like some cake?
The sky at dusk is red.
Do you support or oppose the death penalty?
I heard a beautiful song yesterday.
Tom was blindfolded.
You're one stubbornly indecisive guy, you know that? If you have something to say to me, say it now, and clearly.
I have absolutely no clue what happened after I got drunk. Why is there some old dude sleeping in my room?
This air cleaner came pretty cheap when I bought it, but I'm rather suspicious of the "negative ions" it produces.
Put a stamp on the parcel and post it.
Nobody bought it.
I know nothing about constellations. I can only recognize Orion and Cassiopeia. Oh, and the Big Dipper, too.
That's toilet humor.
I thought my son was being quite sneaky lately. Sure enough, I spotted him uploading a picture of himself cross-dressing and in makeup to a blog.
It's great that my nephew and niece came over to play, but they're so annoying making such a racket running all over the house all day that I can't stand it.
My little sister's hobby is designing icons on the web, and she distributes them free of charge on her website whenever she finds the free time to do so.
We will be conducting an inspection on your stomach tomorrow morning at nine, so please do not ingest anything for twelve hours beforehand.
Mr. Tanaka and his son always take the time to greet me, and even helped me carry my things earlier.
Stop thinking for your sake only. Think for other people's, too, and act accordingly.
When I went to buy a can of coffee from the vending machine, it came out with a clunk.
"What anthropoid would your girlfriend be most like?" "What a question... Well, um... An orangutan, I guess."
Tom has poor hygiene.
There was a blackout, so I reset my VCR's time, but I was off by an hour, so I missed my appointment.
Tom is honest and caring.
Her face is really swollen, but she says that it isn't the mumps. Apparently, it's some unknown hereditary disease.
You are evil! You are all demons!
She's what you call a "delinquent mom," but she's good at cooking, and most importantly, she's a really caring parent.
Mary's hair is blowing in the wind.
She seems to be a diehard fan of this author. She even has his anthologies where all he did was collect short stories.
I won't tell anyone.
I don't like messy places like this. I'd rather live somewhere clean and peaceful.
The debuts of groups of South Korean female singers are on the rise in Japan. Japanese singers can't afford to let their guards down.
We expected Takahashi to get drunk and say some weird stuff, but he ended up not drinking too much, so it wasn't interesting.
What's the name of this flower with serrated petals? I tried looking it up in a encyclopedia, but I couldn't get anything.
Mary was sitting alone, reading a book.
Excuse me, I'd like two regular size cones - one with chocolate mint, and the other with orange sherbet, please.
Tom is shy and cowardly.
It's difficult for me to express myself in Esperanto.
In order for Japan to play a central role in the infrastructural improvement of Southeast Asia, tremendous effort between its government and people is required.
Mary loves to dance and sing.
I looked up how my blog is indexed on Google, but I only found five entries.
I was worried that I was going to be late when I missed my train, but I managed to get there just in time!
I'm often told that sleeping right after eating is bad for me, but then I think, isn't it built into our physiology that we get sleepy after eating?
Does the Oedipus Complex apply to me, too? It sure doesn't feel like it, though.
It said "Oracle Master," so I thought it was something related to spirits, but no, it was only about computers. Boring.
I finally saw the ocean after getting out on the balcony. Should I say that this room has an ocean view?
It was quite expensive, but I really wanted that plushy, so I decided to buy the collector's edition of it.
Who gave you such a rough time, and where? I'll beat him black and blue for you.
She had a flower in her hand.
The many oil fences that were used in the Gulf of Mexico got recycled for parts that are now used in electric cars.
I've kept a blog before. I didn't really have a set theme; I just blogged about whatever happened that day.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual. He already has a lovely wife, anyways.
Only when I got sick as a kid that I could eat as much ice cream and jello as I wanted and not get yelled at.
Tom didn't go far enough.
I hear some guy, presumably a caretaker, going "Rawr, I'm going to eat you!" from the nursery school across the street.
The kids that had been so lively when they were awake are now silently sleeping soundly.
Tom, may I have some money?
It's that, you know, um, whatchamacallit. It's on the tip of my tongue, but I just can't remember the name!
Bangkok is Thailand's capital city.
Tom became editor-in-chief.
Apparently, you can hear a girl's sobs coming from the closed-off washroom in that school building at midnight.
I never want to see his face again, so I tore all of his pictures into pieces and burned them.
Tom and Mary risked everything.
Even though it's cheap, why are you buying so much toilet paper? We don't have anywhere to put it all.
The racket slipped from my hands and broke itself on the court when I made the serve.
Just what time do you think it is? You're bothering everyone in the neighborhood blasting your music this late, you know that?
Tom will never forget the date.
I had no idea you guys were getting married. You should've told me earlier, darn it.
Please insert a coin.
Everything you said was false.
The edges of the lid of a can become sharp when you open one with a can opener, so be careful not to cut yourself.
"Look at the time! I'm gonna be late for school! Bye!" "See you later. Be careful."
You should stay away from Takashi for now. He has a work interview tomorrow or something, and he's really tense.
Penguins look strange when they waddle on land, but the way they swim so smoothly through the water is pretty cool.
Tom was beaten by his father.
If I wanted to stop speaking to all the people I despise, I would have to take a vow of silence.
To ask why I’m in favour of Esperanto is like asking Galileo why he’s in favour of the earth revolving around the sun.
I was going to take a picture of a squirrel I found in the park, but it was too nimble, and all my shots were no good.
I like cold milk, but not hot milk. The white membrane and the smell that develops bothers me.
It's publicly recommended to "raise obedient kids," but it's rather difficult to carry that out.
When I lifted a potted plant in my garden, there were swarms of little insects crawling underneath, and I instinctively let out a shriek.
There was a single oil painting left unfinished in the studio. No other pictures were there.
At that time, he pointed out every single pronunciation mistake I made, no matter how small it was. It was annoying. Especially in front of other people.
Although I don't remember how, I've been getting some bruises on my legs lately. What should I do if it's some kind of weird disease?
Listen, you can hear all the frogs starting to croak outside. At first I found them annoying, but I've gotten used to them now.
Drinking lots of water is good for you, sure, but one can't drink that much water at once.
You mistook the salt for sugar and put it in your coffee?! How careless can you get?
We heard the swing squeaking back and forth in the park where there was supposed to be no one else but us.
Why does the phone have to ring all the time only when I'm busy? I can't get any work done because of it.
The reason why he didn't make it in that accident was because his airbag didn't trigger properly.
It's thanks to the support of my family that I was able to leave that company and open up this new restaurant.
Could you please not talk to me about cakes? I'm in the middle of a diet, and you're making me want one, you know!
Don't just sleep all day like some lion from the zoo. How about you go and clean up your room?
I wonder how tempura fry up so deliciously crisp and dry. Is there a trick to it?
The clicking of high heels kind of hurts my ears. Do the people wearing them not notice?
The first things that you hear when you arrive at Las Vegas are the dings of the slot machines.
Monopoly sure takes me back. I remember Illinois Avenue. It's red, isn't it?
Today's stew has been carefully and slowly boiled to perfect deliciousness.
She always seems to be nervous, but at least she's relaxed when she eats.
Living as a vampire, and getting used to it, isn't such a big deal.
It's because I found out that giving my all won't accomplish anything significant. I miss the good old days where I could just believe in myself.
She's grown quite thin since the last time I've seen her. I wonder if she's sick or something.
I was planning to turn this room into my mother's studio, but I'm currently using it as a storage room.
The various animals started going, "Woof, woof!" and "Meow, meow!" and "Cock-a-doodle-doo!"
Only Chernobyl comes to mind whenever I think about the Ukraine. Oh, and Serhiy Nazarovych Bubka, right?
Emiko never thinks about others' feelings whenever she says things too bluntly, so everyone hates her.
I couldn't understand her accent.
I don't like big cities.
One of us is wrong.
This is a straightforward case.
You love your mother, right?
You love your father, right?
You love your wife, right?
Tom did it for the sake of his country.
They won't eat meat.
They will not eat meat.
I'm desperate.
He was taken unconscious to the hospital.
I'm free anytime.
The student ended up sleeping in the classroom.
There are so many books that I want...what should I do?
Has everyone got all of their suitcases back?
He's sometimes an interesting fellow.
Sorry for being late.
Today is October 11th.
There are some things in this world that can't be explained by words alone.
I get your point, but I still don't agree.
Before we begin, a number of preliminary remarks are in order.
I have a friend coming over to visit tomorrow.
Paper production increases annually.
This is none of my business!
I saw her yesterday.
The point is it's not funny.
The bathroom sink is plugged.
I don't agree with your conclusions.
He was searching for something in the dark.
The manager said it was your fault.
You've done better than that.
I speak Japanese well.
Have you called the boss already?
Grab as much as you need.
I never wrote to her, despite the urge to do so.
Can you phrase your answer in an understandable manner?
The rider is not careful.
The ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive.
Bullet-proof glass ensures safety but isn't widely available due to its high cost.
I don't know his whereabouts.
That's very kind of you to say that.
The mother finished writing her letter.
Anything oral is fine by me.
Bioclimatic is an ecological approach to architecture.
But how difficult that was!
The orchestra plays nightly the whole night through.
Was I about to die?
Isn't it enough?
Be prepared!
She is trying to prove the existence of ghosts.
We like to talk.
He threatened to take everything I own.
Aren't there any risks?
Can't you work things out through dialog?
The bird had a broken wing.
Who is that girl, standing by the door?
I don't feel like having Chinese food today.
Tomorrow I have a cricket match. Wish me luck.
Hopefully the weather will be just like today.
The awkward moment when your neighbour sees you break his fence.
Tom is quite drunk.
It's all a matter of semantics.
Yes, but she just left.
Yes, but she left just now.
Everybody's a winner.
"That's a woman's job," said Tom.
Tom wants to become a ballet dancer.
What's the worst-case scenario?
Tom is intellectually lazy.
Tom wants to understand the meaning of life.
Tom says he doesn't like money.
He got done for match-fixing.
The man thought he could influence the outcome of the match.
Whose is this food?
He's still underage.
You need it.
That guy's a friend of mine.
He's a science fiction fanatic.
He lost his temper.
When the thought of what I had done came to mind, I felt like an assassin.
Do you speak Dutch?
You must learn to restrain yourself.
I want to eat out today.
The bread's on the table.
Where's the bread?
The tribal wise man shared his knowledge with all the young.
I never liked Biology.
Unfortunately the store was closed.
He has the habit of making others jealous.
I thought I had paid the monthly fee, but I received a phone call from the school saying that the bill still needs to be paid.
They had a lot of kids.
The whole country mourned his death.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.
My sister plays piano every day.
I'm not able to respond to all of your questions.
I just got done eating lunch.
I'm allergic to dust.
My youngest brother is still asleep.
I'll show you some.
You scared the living daylights out of me.
I spoke with her for one hour.
I won't have time on Monday nor on Tuesday.
This isn't the time.
When I turned fifteen I started going out more.
This door leads to the garden.
Follow your dreams to the ends of the earth.
Which story do you want me to read?
What kind of people spend time on Toki Pona knowing that Esperanto is the universal language?
Bread and circuses.
I hadn't seen him for ten years.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any church that I know of.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
But it is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself.
The study of theology as it stands in Christian churches, is the study of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it proceeds by no authorities; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and admits of no conclusion.
But when, according to the Christian Trinitarian scheme, one part of God is represented by a dying man, and another part, called the Holy Ghost, by a flying pigeon, it is impossible that belief can attach itself to such wild conceits.
It has been the scheme of the Christian church, and of all the other invented systems of religion, to hold man in ignorance of the Creator, as it is of government to hold him in ignorance of his rights.
We know that the greatest works can be represented in model, and that the universe can be represented by the same means.
All the knowledge man has of science and of machinery, by the aid of which his existence is rendered comfortable upon earth, and without which he would be scarcely distinguishable in appearance and condition from a common animal, comes from the great machine and structure of the universe.
Every part of science, whether connected with the geometry of the universe, with the systems of animal and vegetable life, or with the properties of inanimate matter, is a text as well for devotion as for philosophy.
Every house of devotion should become a school of science.
If we consider the nature of our condition here, we must see there is no occasion for such a thing as revealed religion.
Loving, of enemies is another dogma of feigned morality, and has besides no meaning.
As to the fragments of morality that are irregularly and thinly scattered in those books, they make no part of this pretended thing, revealed religion.
No sooner were the professors of Christianity sufficiently powerful to employ the sword than they did so.
The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion.
The story of Jesus Christ appearing after he was dead is the story of an apparition, such as timid imaginations can always create in vision, and credulity believe.
Stories of this kind had been told of the assassination of Julius Caesar not many years before, and they generally have their origin in violent deaths, or in execution of innocent persons.
It would therefore be advantageous to the state of learning to abolish the study of the dead languages, and to make learning consist, as it originally did, in scientific knowledge.
The human mind has a natural disposition to scientific knowledge, and to the things connected with it.
The first and favourite amusement of a child, even before it begins to play, is that of imitating the works of man.
They not only rejected the study of science out of the christian schools, but they persecuted it.
So late as 1610, Galileo, a Florentine, discovered and introduced the use of telescopes, and by applying them to observe the motions and appearances of the heavenly bodies, afforded additional means for ascertaining the true structure of the universe.
Instead of being esteemed for these discoveries, he was sentenced to renounce them, or the opinions resulting from them, as a damnable heresy.
That is, the 'new' Will, as if there could be two wills of the Creator.
Had it been the object or the intention of Jesus Christ to establish a new religion, he would undoubtedly have written the system himself, or procured it to be written in his life time.
But there is no publication extant authenticated with his name.
All the books called the New Testament were written after his death.
It is somewhat curious that the three persons whose names are the most universally recorded were of very obscure parentage.
The idea of his concealment, not only agrees very ill with his reputed divinity, but associates with it something of pusillanimity.
The manner in which he was apprehended shows that he was not much known, at that time.
And it shows also that the meetings he then held with his followers were in secret.
Judas could no otherways betray him than by giving information where he was, and pointing him out to the officers that went to arrest him.
The Christian mythologists tell us that Christ died for the sins of the world, and that he came on Purpose to die.
Would it not then have been the same if he had died of a fever or of the small pox, of old age, or of anything else?
The declaratory sentence which, they say, was passed upon Adam, in case he ate of the apple, was not, that thou shalt surely be crucified, but, thou shalt surely die.
The sentence was death, and not the manner of dying.
Crucifixion, therefore, or any other particular manner of dying, made no part of the sentence that Adam was to suffer, and consequently, even upon their own tactic, it could make no part of the sentence that Christ was to suffer in the room of Adam.
A fever would have done as well as a cross, if there was any occasion for either.
This sentence of death, which, they tell us, was thus passed upon Adam, must either have meant dying naturally, that is, ceasing to live, or have meant what these mythologists call damnation.
And consequently, the act of dying on the part of Jesus Christ, must, according to their system, apply as a prevention to one or other of these two things happening to Adam and to us.
That it does not prevent our dying is evident, because we all die.
If Jesus Christ was the being which those mythologists tell us he was, and that he came into this world to suffer, which is a word they sometimes use instead of 'to die,' the only real suffering he could have endured would have been 'to live.'
His existence here was a state of exilement or transportation from heaven, and the way back to his original country was to die.
How much, or what parts of the books called the New Testament, were written by the persons whose names they bear, is what we can know nothing of, neither are we certain in what language they were originally written.
The four books already mentioned, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, are altogether anecdotal.
They relate events after they had taken place.
They tell what Jesus Christ did and said, and what others did and said to him.
And in several instances they relate the same event differently.
Revelation is necessarily out of the question with respect to those books.
You should have stood up.
Revelation cannot be applied to the relating of facts by the persons who saw them done, nor to the relating or recording of any discourse or conversation by those who heard it.
All the other parts of the New Testament, except the book of enigmas, called the Revelations, are a collection of letters under the name of epistles.
The forgery of letters has been such a common practice in the world, that the probability is at least equal, whether they are genuine or forged.
One thing, however, is much less equivocal, which is, that out of the matters contained in those books, together with the assistance of some old stories, the church has set up a system of religion very contradictory to the character of the person whose name it bears.
It has set up a religion of pomp and of revenue in pretended imitation of a person whose life was humility and poverty.
The invention of a purgatory, and of the releasing of souls therefrom, by prayers, bought of the church with money; the selling of pardons, dispensations, and indulgences, are revenue laws, without bearing that name or carrying that appearance.
But the case nevertheless is, that those things derive their origin from the proxysm of the crucifixion, and the theory deduced therefrom, which was, that one person could stand in the place of another, and could perform meritorious services for him.
The probability, therefore, is, that the whole theory or doctrine of what is called the redemption was originally fabricated on purpose to bring forward and build all those secondary and pecuniary redemptions upon.
The passages in the books upon which the idea of theory of redemption is built, have been manufactured and fabricated for that purpose.
That she could fabricate writings is certain, because she could write.
The composition of the writings in question, is of that kind that anybody might do it.
That she did fabricate them is not more inconsistent with probability, than that she should tell us, as she has done, that she could and did work miracles.
No external evidence can, at this long distance of time, be produced to prove whether the church fabricated the doctrine called redemption or not.
If I owe a person money, and cannot pay him, and he threatens to put me in prison, another person can take the debt upon himself, and pay it for me.
But if I have committed a crime, every circumstance of the case is changed.
Moral justice cannot take the innocent for the guilty even if the innocent would offer itself.
To suppose justice to do this, is to destroy the principle of its existence, which is the thing itself.
It is then no longer justice.
It is indiscriminate revenge.
This single reflection will show that the doctrine of redemption is founded on a mere pecuniary idea corresponding to that of a debt which another person might pay.
Let him believe this, and he will live more consistently and morally, than by any other system.
He despises the choicest gift of God to man, the gift of reason.
Having endeavoured to force upon himself the belief of a system against which reason revolts, he ungratefully calls it human reason, as if man could give reason to himself.
Yet, with all this strange appearance of humility, and this contempt for human reason, he ventures into the boldest presumptions.
He finds fault with everything.
His selfishness is never satisfied.
His ingratitude is never at an end.
He takes on himself to direct the Almighty what to do, even in the government of the universe.
He prays dictatorially.
When it is sunshine, he prays for rain, and when it is rain, he prays for sunshine.
He follows the same idea in everything that he prays for.
For what is the amount of all his prayers, but an attempt to make the Almighty change his mind, and act otherwise than he does?
It is as if he were to say—thou knowest not so well as I.
From the side where the sun rises, silk of leaves is falling down.
My mother, who has become a sun, has been on my mind throughout the years.
After the rain the sun shines much brighter.
When you get to be my age, you'll understand what I mean.
It was just a coincidence.
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same time.
I'm studying Toki Pona.
I'm learning Toki Pona.
Don't respond to questions marked with an X.
I'm tired, that's all.
She took over the business after the death of her husband.
You look satisfied.
They can burn more easily.
His company didn't survive the crisis.
His company went under during the crisis.
I don't have enough money to pay for the product in cash.
You won't find a dog bigger than this one.
This is more important!
It never happens to me.
The boy got lost in the forest.
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary.
He frankly expressed his own view.
Nobody knows that.
The boy is afraid of the dark.
It's very easy.
It's very difficult.
He is reading.
Mrs Thomas taught us history.
Just do what you have to do, no questions asked.
John is writing an assignment about the Brazilian backcountry.
That's happened to me plenty of times.
Our team won 3 to 1.
"How do you like my hair?", asked Mary to her husband.
Let's go out tonight?
The mother is correct, the father isn't.
You don't have to make up an excuse if you don't want to go with us.
He borrowed the car from his friend.
"You got a smoke?" "Yeah, but I don't have a lighter."
I have something to tell you, I lied when I said I didn't know.
I can lend you one if you want.
The game was a tie, 2-2.
I don't like the look of it.
There's something fishy going on.
Take no prisoners.
Take the money and run.
Tom is a misanthrope.
Tom went out dancing.
Tom doesn't like clubs where there is loud music.
It freaks me out.
Tom's sister is a devout Christian.
Tom's father disowned him.
No one had even seen something like it.
Tom doesn't have a credit card.
Tom drives a black car, right?
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
Yesterday I went to sleep at 10 PM.
I had a lot of money, but spent everything.
How long do you plan on staying here?
Someone is coming.
Tom rubbed his face.
I was afraid I wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting you.
Tom and Mary hugged each other.
Damned, you look good!
Tom adjusted his glasses.
Tom is Mary's protege.
Things have changed.
He left for no reason whatsoever.
It's a fucking mess.
Tom was sleeping.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to go.
Tom won't interfere.
By the time he finds out, it will be too late.
Tom really fucked things up.
I haven't had the honor of meeting him.
It's not as bad as it seems.
I haven't seen you for so long!
Tom straightened his glasses.
Where were the police?
Where was the police?
Do they know about us?
Don't forget to remind me of that.
I had already spotted him from afar.
I saw the two together on several occasions.
Tom can't get enough of it.
Since it was already late, I went to sleep.
The end of the world is coming.
Tom ate in silence.
Did he stay very long?
What do we do next?
Mary can't get enough of it.
Why didn't she come?
Tom shaved.
Tom showered and shaved.
They are our guests.
We must go.
Sorry to interrupt you.
You're never at home.
He left a minute ago.
Close the door behind you.
Tom nodded.
We already know each other.
You're leaving already?
You're our guest for the week.
Tom and Mary joined the group.
Slovenian singer Maja Keuc was born in 1992.
You don't need to come to work Saturday.
He's ahead in the race.
Where were you for the whole afternoon?
His sons do as they please.
Keep touching me.
Our team lost, 2-0.
Have you been to Cairo?
This music is from the 40s.
This merchandise will be on its way to São Paulo, and from there, to Pequim.
Just as Max predicted, our team lost.
In one year there are more than thirty-one million seconds.
One of the fan blades broke loose and shattered against the wall.
Prepositions generally cause problems for foreign language students.
This dictionary is a good learning tool for both students and professors.
She is the one you should model yourself after.
My computer's acting up.
Why are you saying you want to walk in the park?
My flash drive isn't being recognized.
I went to bed late and was late for the first train.
She needs someone who is able to understand her.
Disconnect the power cable from the modem, wait for approximately one minute, then reconnect the cable.
He is too little to take the book from the shelf.
What a superficial answer!
I married off my daughter.
Many people in Africa speak French.
Many Australians are descendants of criminals sent there. Meanwhile, the crime rate in Australia is very low. Food for thought.
You think I'm an idiot?
Don't go without a hat.
I think about it every day.
I need a new broom. This one's shot.
The rocks on this beach remind me of those summer days when Laura and I played in the sand until nightfall.
As much as I tried, I never managed to beat the final boss.
The Spanish voice-over was complete shit.
The soccer player found himself stalked by many journalists.
What's the text about?
You just turned the radio on.
I just received your letter.
I didn't buy them.
The apples are delicious.
I know you're not completely innocent, you too, share some of the blame.
Whose son are you?
Don't drive so fast. We're all going to die!
This series will be remembered for a long time to come.
Even writing in one's native language is a challenge.
Resistance is futile.
Tom believes in magic.
Tom can't help it.
Having washed my skirt in the cold water of a spring, I sat a while.
This wonderful « people's language » progresses so rapidly that it is impossible here to keep account of all that is written, said, and done.
Tom would not relent.
This is not a small problem.
Kimchi is a traditional Korean dish.
Tom's grandmother died from salmonella.
Tom is a celebrity.
The dish is too sweet for Tom.
Tom told Mary not to add sugar.
This soup is too spicy.
Tom doesn't like asking for help.
Tom looked puzzled.
Mary likes Bollywood movies.
The policeman read Tom his rights.
Tom maintained his innocence.
Tom and Mary met at a party.
Tom is now a multimillionaire.
This book is a bildungsroman.
I feel flattered.
Tom pulled out his iPhone.
Timing is everything.
Tom is angry and bitter.
Tom stood up for what is right.
In the mean time, let's have a sit down.
While we're waiting, why don't you tell me what happened?
Tell you what, I'll come to you, that'll be easier.
Lake Geneva is the largest lake in Switzerland.
She smiled at me, whilst she sang.
Goodbye, see you very soon!
Football is an exciting sport.
He felt a sharp pain in his chest.
They are thirty minutes late according to the planned timetable.
He showed me his collection of stamps.
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.
Do you speak Toki Pona?
I can only recommend that everyone give themselves three days to learn Toki Pona.
What kind of person is interested in Toki Pona, knowing that Esperanto is the universal language?
She slept for a few hours.
After work, Tom is always tired.
We heard the door shut.
Have you met a lot of Esperantists here?
He didn't like school.
Normally, I stay at home on Sundays.
Is there a telephone nearby?
The spell was broken, and the pig was again transformed into a man.
Do you know his father?
Little by little, the bird made his nest.
We had the greatest difficulties in making ourselves heard.
We will soon have no more petrol.
Our bike tour of the French Alps lasted two weeks.
Better to be blind than to see that.
Better to be deaf than to hear that.
Jeanne is also playing tennis.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
That really wasn't easy!
Tom got into a fight at school today.
Tom sells fertilizer.
We went down by elevator.
Tom is a democrat.
Tom is a republican.
Tom went pheasant hunting.
Tom is working just as hard.
Tom was elected in 2010.
Tom is dodging my calls.
It's an interesting argument.
It's a relief.
What happens next?
Everybody does that.
We can't compete with that.
It's a whole other ball game.
Cut Tom some slack.
Tom is a senior member.
Tom is cynical.
What is art?
I did not expect it to be that big.
Tom wants to hear both sides of the story.
Tom is playing Pacman.
Tom plays Pacman.
It's only getting bigger.
It seems like forever ago.
Tom was outraged.
Tom is clueless.
It's hard to get people to change.
Don't act like that.
It wasn't easy to convince her.
It costs more to mint a penny than the penny itself is worth.
I became last.
I became first.
Dick plans to go there alone.
I would like to visit South Korea.
It's a shame that you don't honour us with your presence.
It's a shame that you're not coming.
I like English.
I married my daughter.
The dictionary is on the desk.
She visited the school, despite a pain in her right arm.
Next week, I'm taking the plane to Chicago.
Can I sit next to you?
My father was sad for the whole day as he had lost his wallet.
I spoke slowly so that they could understand me.
Strawberries are small, red fruit that are normally eaten in Spring.
Act like you were from those we can not quickly make a maker of unsuccessful ones.
Hopefully, the island is beautiful.
Is America larger than Europe? - Yes, America is larger than Europe.
Suddenly, something unexpected happened.
I can't stay here.
Tom is a good boy.
Mary is a good girl.
The situation is complicated.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
They left Tom behind.
Tom won't last long.
Liar!
Tom wanted to find out.
Tom and Mary survived the bombing.
Tom and Mary were the only survivors.
No hard feelings!
No offence!
No offense!
Tom pushed Mary into the water.
This is simply not true.
I've got a sweet tooth.
It's pissing with rain.
It's bucketing down.
Tom called in sick.
Tom built a treehouse.
Mary cut her arm open.
We haven't seen you in a while.
Maybe it's not as hard as it looks.
In Tatoeba it makes no sense adding hundreds of sentences if they are not validated by native users.
It was my pleasure.
Christ is risen!
She always cries when she chops onions.
I am not afraid of dying.
I will face death, if it is necessary.
Listen well to what I am going to say: the only way of getting out of this is by working as a team.
The last thing I want to do is hurt her.
She didn't intend to hurt you.
You don't deserve any of what I do to you.
She is not as tough as she seems.
I didn't mean to confuse him.
Like you just said, we don't have the slightest chance.
Who did that?
You should really think about it before telling him yes.
There is no reason for her to flee.
That's a subject I prefer not to talk about.
Did I scare you?
If I were you, I would follow him to the end of the world.
Sometimes you scare me.
If you have something to say, it's better if you open your mouth and say it.
John has a Tin Lizzie.
We didn't mean to hurt you.
What the hell kind of movie is this?
This is our problem.
I'm sorry if I scared you.
Don't listen to him!
"What do you want?" "Forget about it."
Tom was furious.
Tom is helpless.
Tom was indignant.
All prayer is dictatorial.
It took me two hours to reach Yokohama.
He was almost blind right before dying.
Pull the foreskin back before putting on the condom.
Write down your thoughts every day and one day you'll be able to understand something about yourself.
Frogs are such amazing creatures.
Do you watch the 8 o'clock soap opera?
I need an assistant who speaks Korean.
He doesn't respond to the stimulus.
I always thought this would be the right thing to do.
Reaction is not always the best course of action.
After a few more seconds of silence, John decided to make his opinion known.
This is a breakfast.
Don't mind her.
Don't pay attention to her.
Never mind what she says.
There's nowhere for you to hide.
They told me it was your fault.
She's terrified of talking to strangers.
Any chance of us getting approved?
I get awkward talking to girls.
Who the fuck cares?
Tom is cold and tired.
Tom's palms were sweaty.
Tom was thrown from his horse.
Tom ran away.
That was a cheap shot.
Tom was covered with sweat.
Tom woke up covered in sweat and his heart pounding.
She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
Mary is a few years older than Tom.
They made love.
You bombed your speech.
Your speech sucked.
I feel your pain.
Tom was sure that he would never see her again.
Tom was turned down.
Mary is lean and tall.
Tom is lean and tall.
Tom dreamed of her often.
This product is expensive to produce.
It's a risky proposition.
Tom freed the hostages.
Tom is the ranking officer.
Tom was busy day and night.
Tom lost his temper.
Her skin was warm.
Tom was court-martialed on the grounds of mutiny and disobeying orders.
Tom is average looking.
Mary is average looking.
Did anyone ask for me?
Take the bus.
Who wrote the Bible?
Tom still uses dial-up Internet.
Tom has a fast 56k modem.
That chicken looks good.
Mary was secretly pleased.
Get that chip off your shoulder.
Tom should have discussed it with his parents.
God bless America.
Tom thinks he has invented a perpetual motion machine.
"God bless you." "I'm an atheist."
I don't think it would work as well as you might expect.
Act like a man!
Is it necessary to have a god?
Mary wore a pale blue dress.
Hope for the best; prepare for the worst.
Believe me when I say that that's the last thing you should be worried about.
Can you touch your toes without bending your legs?
Tom has eyesight problems.
The university's endowment has decreased steadily over the last ten years.
The two scholars wrangled over the meaning of an obscure Tibetan phrase.
Paparazzi thronged both sides of the red carpet.
A good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else.
The foreman docked me an hour's pay for getting to work late.
Al Capone was finally sent away for tax evasion.
Rabid dogs usually foam at the mouth.
He sat down at the piano and plonked out as best he could the "Happy Birthday" song.
Eat your soup, John!
Tom's radio is broken.
What he's saying is actually true.
The pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide.
What are you getting ready for?
I can't understand what they were thinking.
Ninety percent of the people in this country don't exercise regularly.
That's so weird.
He saw suicide as the only way out.
A hundred years have passed since the Titanic sank.
The Titanic hit an iceberg.
Between 1,490 and 1,635 people died in the sinking of the Titanic.
If he got a 10 out of 10 on the test it's because he cheated.
The Titanic's lifeboats only had enough space to carry about half of those on board.
The Titanic sank at 02:20 on Monday, April 15th.
The party was a flop.
Don't speak to her like that.
What an idiotic mistake!
I'd like to speak with my lawyer.
Don't make me lose my patience.
Tom hid in the closet.
I'll pay for lunch.
We don't have all the time in the world.
This sculpture is more than two thousand years old.
I had to do everything on my own.
Monday morning I was bitten by a dog.
We have to find rules that work.
She's a bit of a slapper.
The Rosetta Stone was found in 1799.
I'm starting to lose my patience with you.
Do as you are told, and no answering back.
He's going to eat you alive when he finds out the truth.
I didn't like what he said at all.
I ate something funny when I was in China.
He was hanged during the Revolution.
What's the minimum wage in your country?
It's cloudy today. Why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?
How much time do we have?
My bike is in the bike shop.
That candidate deserves our support.
This painting was painted in the 21st century.
She was never disrespectful to me.
I studied French when I was seven, but now I only remember a few words.
My mom wants me to study in Switzerland.
Tell the taxi driver to drive faster.
Maybe you can't hear me?
He showed up when we less expected it.
Do not tempt me.
Don't try me.
My friend is really a clown.
He has enough money.
I gave up on receiving the unpaid salary.
If you harm her in any way, I'll kill you.
When I said I was an atheist she looked down on me.
You must always say the truth.
Children love cakes.
Food is not love.
A man must learn during his whole life.
If you could go back in time, what would you change?
You sorted the books in the wrong order!
I started learning English six years ago.
We should not make too much money.
One day, Pablo got lost in the Guatemalan jungle.
He followed my advice.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you go out.
How long will it last?
They should do the same thing.
They do have a TV.
There's nothing to do.
There is nothing to do.
That depends on the context.
I know there was a big church there.
Friday is near.
I am 24 years old.
Where are you going to move?
When are you going to move?
Your name stands first on my list.
Who was the lucky who ended up with the inheritance?
I don't want to know what you think about this.
If I had wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
The impurities of the water were visible to the naked eye.
If you think that you are going to make me your slave, you can forget it.
I don't like being waited for.
There won't be nothing much, but please come by my house this evening.
He came at dawn.
My own mind is my own church.
He came by the sign.
What was his name?
There are people who get nothing from their fortune except fear of losing it.
The librarian looked quite sick.
You can take it, I really don't need it as much as you think.
The cat that entered into our room looked around frightened
He suggested going out to watch a movie.
Wrap yourself warm, it is cold out there.
She was to drink the milk at school but drunk it at home.
"I can't help it", she said, "I'm already in love with him".
Do you live in this area?
I am an English student.
Natasha was born in Russia, but she doesn’t speak Russian.
I am a French doctor.
I am a Spanish reporter.
I am a German architect.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
I am a Japanese writer.
I am a Monegasque musician.
The stain that was removed was still visible on the skirt.
Who ended up paying the bill?
Sorry, I don't speak very well Esperanto.
I am an American singer.
Don't hit me with the umbrella!
Paolo told me we'd go hunting the following day.
Who is this pretty girl?
We grow grapes, corn and fruit trees.
With contact lenses, you have more accurate vision than you would with glasses.
Last years we lent you one million euros to buy machines.
Do you still need money?
I need to buy some land.
These days everything had got too expensive.
We'll destroy the old farms.
It will be a wonderful town.
Are you looking for oil in the area?
I hope we'll find lots of it.
She is strong enough to carry the suitcase.
You work too much. Have a break!
You have studied enough. Now you can go and play.
He's got enough money to buy a house.
His family didn't have much money.
You see, I've got only these two castles, one hundred hectares of land, six cars, four hundreds heads of cattle and twenty racer horses...
If Tatoeba is addictive, does this mean that Esperanto speakers are more addicted than speakers of other languages, and can this addiction be the basis of a new common culture?
We're on speaking terms.
Tom was strip-searched.
Mary received a pat-down search at the airport.
Mary received a patdown search at the airport.
Tom was frisked by the police officer.
Full body scanners were installed at the airport.
Tom went to the YMCA.
Tom goes to Bible study on Sunday mornings.
Tom is a corrections officer.
This will protect your skin.
The journey to China was strenuous, so I'm rather tired.
I'll try to get a lay of the land before I start contributing.
I'd like to leave feedback.
It's not the Esperanto speakers that are more addicted to languages, it's the other way round...
Tom reads the Bible every day.
Atoms can't be seen by the naked eye.
Are you still watching these things?
Do you play tennis well?
I didn't notice this thing.
If it continues progressing well, it will be up and running in under a month.
Mary is a cheerleader.
Tom is legally blind.
Tom is blind.
Tom is visually impaired.
You don't like it?
Tom's paper lacks any citations.
She is somewhat refined.
No one would meet with Tom.
We need your help!
Do you live in Portugal or Brazil?
Do you want me to take you to the station?
Tom followed Mary.
Tom had a feeling of déjà vu.
Is this where you live?
Mary stripped off her clothes.
I'm horny.
Don't let yourself be fooled!
Tom saw a large bird.
How is this possible?
It's wrong.
Mary and her boyfriend lived together for four years.
How did this happen?
Tom and Mary are living together.
Tom fought like a cornered rat.
Tom was panting.
Tom wants to be a tattoo artist.
Tom is in a lot of trouble.
Tom did not look back.
Tom lied unconscious on the ground.
Tom wants to get his GED.
Tom was involved in a fistfight.
Maria works in the field of psychiatry.
This gun is reportedly very powerful.
Jose is lactose intolerant.
This food is gluten-free.
My computer doesn't seem to be connecting to the printer.
You won't make it!
Tom believes in fairies.
I was astounded that she can speak 10 languages.
Age doesn't lead to maturity, unless you're a cheese.
The Japanese live on rice and fish.
Can I sit here?
I bought a Microsoft mouse.
My older brother had a position in a large company.
Decide the register.
Timing is very important.
It reminds me of the good old times.
Choose one and write a letter.
The text is too long.
The text isn't divided too well.
Should you wish to take my application further, I would be happy to come for interview.
It's easy for you.
The clitoris is the most sensitive organ of a woman.
I need to talk with you.
The moon has no atmosphere.
It took us two hours to get to Tokyo.
Tom's savings will soon run out.
Please come into the room.
Tom is a scrawny kid.
That's it. I'm outta here.
It's the shortest route to Paris.
The student made an irrelevant remark.
Tom saw a person with a scary looking face today.
He who has never left his country is full of prejudices.
He who does not love is unhappy, and unhappy is he who is in love.
Through pleasure we must cheat death.
Happy is he who desires nothing anymore!
Youth goes away and never comes back.
Youth runs away and never comes back.
But always pleasure is accompanied by pain.
The greatest joy after being in love is confessing one's love.
My father was committed to a psychiatric hospital.
I did my military service in Ankara.
I want a blue pen, a red one and a black one.
He's gaining time.
Lots of Brazilian schools observed a minute's silence in honour of the victims of the massacre in Realengo.
This implies the needed ability to nag native speakers to create example sentences using the phrases WE find difficult.
Youth runs away to never come back.
Happy the one who further desires nomore!
Tom didn't know their names.
Are you a good fuck at the tennis club?
The Japanese's basic diet consists of rice and fish.
The Earth is blue like an orange.
Cry: tears are the heart's petals.
The poet is the one who is inspired much more than he is the one who inspires.
We must take from Cesar what does not belong to him.
Murder is punishable by death.
I'm here to vote. My name is Emma Andrews.
This numerical analysis coursework is driving me insane.
I'm excited for my housemate's birthday party tomorrow.
I have a cricket match tomorrow, but unfortunately the weather is forecast to be wet and miserable.
I've just received some news which has broken my heart.
The one I adore is off the market.
I confirmed the order.
The Socialist Party groomed him as a presidential candidate.
The basic Japanese diet consists mainly of rice and fish.
Please call me back in an hour.
I don't recognize anyone.
Nobody died.
I won't give up on the stolen money.
There's nowt as queer as folk.
You must show yourself creative when composing a piece of music.
I used his beheaded body as a shield.
School clubs need to clearly outline the community service projects they plan to do for the upcoming school year.
Your club needs to elect officers: president, vice president, secretary and treasurer.
We need a description of the club so that it can be added to the school handbook.
Is it really possible?
The wall is white on the inside and green on the outside.
Tom dropped the ball.
Galileo dropped two balls from the Tower of Pisa.
Tom really dropped the ball on this one.
He came to understand that he could no longer work.
Tom can't afford it.
Tom did it for free.
Mary did it for free.
She was an activist in the Women's Liberation Movement.
Tom says that he's willing to do it for free.
John is a veterinarian.
Mary says that she's willing to do it for free.
Do a barrel roll.
I had a meeting with professors and researchers at USP.
Try typing "Do a barrel roll" into Google. Amazing, isn't it?
It's boring to watch.
This is a beautiful story.
Although Internet has become more easily accessible in recent years, many people still can't enjoy this service.
I keep getting spam email.
I keep receiving unwanted emails.
How many computers do you have at home?
This politician is nothing more than an ass-kisser.
This romance tells the story of a family from the Northeast of Brazil that moves to the Southeastern part of the country.
According to the Mayan calendar, the end of the world will come soon.
Tom composed a sonnet.
Sorry, but your brother is an idiot.
We'll do it live.
Didn't you see the man?
Keep it in mind for the next time.
I'm getting dressed right after I eat breakfast.
She's determined to become a secretary.
Do you get it?
This area is still underdeveloped because of a lack of interest from the government.
Children have everything, except what we take away from them.
There are some adults who have never been children.
It's easier to die than to love.
There's no light without a shadow.
The future of man is the woman.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
The military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours.
What's all the hubbub about?
Loneliness and being alone are not the same thing.
You get out only what you put in.
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten.
He retired at 60 years of age.
The election was unanimous.
Stay off the grass.
No one knows where he lives.
Either night or the Prussians will come.
It seems like he knows the secret.
We don't know whether he can come or not.
Please take the pillow and blanket and give them to me.
One who has everything can lose everything.
I looked after him for a period of time.
I just found out that he's sick, so I'll visit him later.
He got married quickly.
I could rip you apart with my bare hands.
I could tear you apart with my bare hands.
If you run into Mr. Lang, don't forget to ask him how his wife is doing.
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing.
They still attacked us, despite clearly agreeing to sign the non-agression pact.
It's at the third home in the second row of houses.
Your tears tear my heart!
My brother bothers me!
Phenolphthalein will turn fuchsia in the presence of a base with a pH of or above 10.0 and will remain colorless in the presence of a solution with a pH of or below 8.2.
Do you cry often?
We are going to a nice bar in the evening.
The seriously injured man was dead on arrival to the hospital.
I'm too happy!
We listen to music.
I watched a great movie recently.
I am a very good chessplayer.
A calculator is more efficient than an abacus.
Could it be, that you don't know it?
I like eating pineapple for breakfast.
The night goes on!
I am not very good at backgammon.
How did you get so good at backgammon?
Later that night, the shephard herded his sheep and went to bed.
I played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week.
My memory is failing; I can never seem to remember even the simplest of instructions.
I think that i will be able to meet you soon.
He should resign from his post, since it's too much responsibility for him.
Bogdan Tanevich resigned because of colon cancer.
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come.
Can you speak Mandarin?
Are you able to speak Mandarin?
They're carrying out a book burning.
Could you recommend a few French singers?
I have no money at all.
What are we having for dinner?
What's for supper?
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.
The greatest joy after loving is confessing one's love.
The amount of time spent asleep can vary from person to person.
There is no happy love.
Life is full of splinters.
Everything that is not me is incomprehensible.
It's time to establish the religion of love.
The sun has always wounded the eyes of its worshippers.
I've worked with many people over the last few years, including several graduate students.
Science, my lad, is made out of errors, but of good ones, for they bring step by step closer to the truth.
It's easier to make war than to make peace.
Mr So-and-So is dead. Why would I bother going to his funeral since, I am certain, he won't come to mine?
Politicians should keep their promises.
Chemistry is a marvelous science.
Well, Cupid is a terrible sniper.
This movie is so terrible it's hilarious.
The farmer seeded the field with wheat.
He tendered his resignation.
He submitted his resignation.
She submitted her resignation.
She tendered her resignation.
It was not until yesterday that I knew his name.
They didn't listen.
The scarecrow in the backyard fell over during the hurricane.
Give a man a fish and he'll have dinner for a night; teach a man to fish and he will have dinner for a lifetime.
How come pumpkins are traditional on Halloween?
It is often said that the world loses a language every week.
My favorite beverage is without a doubt seltzer.
Have you heard that a psychic dwarf just escaped from prison? There's a small medium at large!
How old is the Eiffel Tower?
I persuaded her to make herself comfortable.
There used to be a vegetable garden in our yard.
I got you confused with your oldest brother.
My car is covered with pigeon poop.
My car is covered in pigeon poop.
My car is covered in pigeon shit.
He has infinite resources.
She has infinite resources.
It reminds me of something!
I am a very good chess player.
Tom didn't tell Mary how much money he had spent.
Take the bags upstairs.
Tom has told me a lot about you.
The probability of Tom being punished is very small.
It is a serious problem.
Mary called her first child Tom.
The city was covered in snow.
He knows how to swim.
I can't see anything!
I don't see anything!
Does this medicine work quickly?
Have you prepared everything for tomorrow?
You can use my car if you drive carefully.
The building's structure is compromised.
The structural integrity of the building is compromised.
I don't understand either.
I don't know where you're going.
She isn't paid monthly, but daily.
The buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in New York.
I refuse to answer such a stupid question.
Do you want me to answer?
I mostly agree with what he said.
He did not disappoint me.
She did not disappoint him.
It will be a wonderful day!
Mother decided otherwise.
The bank wants its money back.
This hat will suit her.
Here I am.
Elbrus is Europe's highest mountain.
"Are you Swedish?" "No, Swiss."
I know that you are rich.
Man can live without friends.
Oh, could you please answer the phone for me?
Oh, could you please get the phone for me?
The guy with the gloves has more style.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
How about going out to eat tonight?
As far as I'm concerned, this coffee is too strong.
We're coming back to Europe in June!
If you hurry you can still make the train.
Our political system was shaped by feudal traditions.
When I was a kid, I loved the film Jurassic Park.
Why didn't you inform me?
Why didn't you let me know?
Is this good English?
You're too young to love.
Can man live without having a social life?
I think your theory is incorrect.
I have a twin sister.
What's the best sleeping position?
Tom is optimistic.
Mary died in childbirth.
Mary died during childbirth.
She liked it.
Tom's bruises are gone.
Now you're going too far.
Mary's bruises are barely visible.
Mary divorced her husband and married Tom.
Tom is unfaithful.
You never know what's going to happen.
The book is out of print.
It's made of leather.
Mary was dressed in leather.
Things can only get worse.
Tom bought a leather jacket.
You've just been told.
Tom is a vampire.
Vampires must drink blood to survive.
Right now I can't think of anything else.
I think it could happen.
I think it might happen.
Will you stand up like a man, at home and take your stand for democracy?
I'm tracking a buck.
Children drink more water, eat more food and breathe more air per kilogram of body weight than adults.
I met a friend at the airport.
They played so badly it doesn't even deserve a comment.
Please find attached the VAT invoice for your recent purchase.
Attached you will find the VAT invoice for your recent purchase.
Do you need our help?
Recently we have had several disasters.
Did you catch what he said?
I finished my math assignment.
You're a nobody.
You're a fuck-up.
Knowing a language fully means knowing fully the people who speak that language.
What's more useful, the sun or the moon? The moon, of course, it shines when it's dark, but the sun only shines when there's light.
A tale without love is like boudin without mustard.
I tried to cheer her up, but all she wanted was to be alone.
Thanks a lot. I don't know what we would do without you.
It is not only the quantity of atoms, but the quantity of worlds that is infinite in the universe.
I've heard everything.
I can't do anything else. I'm sorry.
You can't find a pet like that anywhere.
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing.
He thought he could escape scott free with his erroneous sentence.
True philosophy is seeing things as they are.
The horse is the noblest conquest ever made by man.
Freedom. On my school notebooks. On my school desk and the trees. On the sand of the snow. I write your name.
Don't be afraid to make enemies; if you don't have any, it's that you have done nothing.
Losing is better than to be a victor on the side of the scoundrels.
He thought he could get away with his erroneous sentence.
It is well that war is so terrible — lest we should grow too fond of it.
Turn the lights out now.
Now I'll take you by the hand.
Can you spend a little time helping us clean up the park?
The sun goes down, the stars come out.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days.
She is a particularily interesting person.
Tim writes with his left hand.
Tim writes left-handed.
The building has 20 floors.
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai.
These days it snows quite a lot.
To be honest, I've never heard of this place before.
Tom is addicted to the Internet.
Mary is a klutz.
Tom will not show it to anyone else.
Tom fucked up again.
Mary is just a simple peasant girl.
Security will be tightened.
Tom was mauled by a vicious animal.
What about us?
Tom is wearing a batik shirt.
Tom is wearing a wolf t-shirt.
It glows in the dark.
Tom is an alpha male.
Tom is a hillbilly.
God sent a sign.
Tom and Mary ate Chicken Kiev.
It was just hype.
Tom and Mary are moving back home.
Tom is available.
There's no minimum wage here.
They killed Tom as an example to the other prisoners.
Tom is a fast learner.
Tom is bored out of his mind.
It was not conclusive.
Only 514 people have been in space.
Twelve people have walked on the moon.
I study English and Japanese.
Japanese is harder than English.
Don't underestimate your opponents.
Hochiminh City is the largest city in Vietnam.
I can't speak Vietnamese.
I only speak a little Vietnamese.
Could you teach me some Vietnamese phrases, please!
A in Vietnamese is B.
Could you please speak slower?
I didn't hear you clearly. Would you please say it again?
Have you got an English-Vietnamese dictionary?
Please tell me how to get to ___.
Is it far from here to ___?
My God! I left the wallet in my room!
Don't you ever cheat on me, you foxy!
Do I look like a terrorist?
You're messing up with the wrong guy, babe.
Shut the hell up!
Stand still, put your hands up!
Hello guys, I'm Tom and I'm here with Mary.
What did you just say?
It started as a hobby.
Mary is an oncologist.
Mary is wearing provocative clothing.
Mary is wearing some sexy clothes.
I think that Mary is trying to seduce Tom.
Mary is not wearing a bra.
Is the chicken local?
Things have been pretty tough lately.
Things have been pretty rough lately for Tom.
It's a travesty.
Tom is a tough guy.
It's really embarrassing.
Mary wears a sports bra for exercise.
Mary went to her spinning class.
Tom is young and beautiful.
Mary is young and beautiful.
Tom decided to go barefoot.
I'm by your side.
My opinion is the one that counts!
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
I will eat chocolate.
The farmer scattered the wheat seeds in the field.
She spends many hours at the gym to lose weight.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching television.
Many people think that children spend all their time watching television.
Because I do not have children, I can spend more time volunteering than parents can.
Quit staring at me.
Tom was arrested for driving while drunk.
Do you have an account on twitter?
Do you think I'm getting fat?
Do you think that I'm handsome?
Don't worry. Didn't I say that everything would go well?
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.
Did you eat breakfast?
Have you finished dinner?
What kinds of plants are you growing in your garden?
I don't think that he's honest.
I don't think that he is sincere.
When I was in high school, I woke up at 6 every morning.
My friend went to Canada.
Sit down. You are not allowed to stand up.
He read a book all morning.
Did you think that I was joking?
They have only enough funds to build the factory.
She told her superior what she thought.
I found a diary my father kept for thirty years.
The puppets are controlled by wires.
The flu is going around now.
Have you finished reading the book of Jobs?
For example, what would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
My watch is not working normally.
These books can be borrowed from the library for one week.
What are the men doing?
Brian left heading for New York.
This is a very important point.
If I lose your love, I lose everything.
I kept the ball rolling by talking.
I will lend you all the money I have now.
I don't like any of these paintings.
I'll thank you to leave now.
I'll lend you all the money I have on me now.
Cash or credit card?
She's not the lying type.
The treatment prolonged the agony.
Our plans are progressing smoothly.
What a strange guy!
Last year we had a hummingbird nest in our backyard.
Have you already had lunch?
We climbed to the top.
You'd better tell Tom you're sorry.
You two are brothers, right?
You still owe me twenty bucks.
You should be more careful how you talk to people.
You need to get some help.
Would you stop that, please?
Would you stop doing that, please?
Why would anybody kidnap Tom?
What's Tom wearing?
What's Tom reading?
What's Tom listening to?
What's Tom doing?
What you're looking for is in a box in the basement.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom was involved in the robbery.
Try to stay calm.
Tom's dog was barking at Mary.
Tom was shot when he surprised the burglars.
Tom was shot twice in the chest.
Tom was shot three times.
Tom was like a father to Mary.
Tom was interviewed on TV last night.
Tom was impressed by how well Mary could play the flute.
Tom was executed for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom was afraid that someone would find out about his past.
Tom wants us back at the office.
Tom told me that Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
Tom thought Mary was wasting her time.
Tom still owes Mary 2,000 dollars.
Tom stayed in bed all day watching TV.
Tom starved to death.
Tom sold his motorcycle to Mary.
Tom says he has something to show us.
Tom resented the fact that Mary got the promotion instead of him.
Tom owed Mary a lot of money.
Tom isn't here. He's already left.
Tom has been shot.
Tom had nothing to do with the robbery.
Tom had no idea why Mary wanted to see him.
Tom had no idea who Mary's father was.
Tom had no idea where Mary went.
Tom had no idea where Mary had graduated from high school.
Tom had no idea how rich Mary was.
Tom felt lucky.
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the bill.
Tom didn't even care that I was late.
Tom and Mary split up after their son died.
Tom always pays his rent on time.
They chose Tom as their leader.
Talk to Tom and see what he thinks about this.
Shut up and listen.
Maybe I can help.
Let's not just sit around. Let's go out and do something.
Let's go see Tom.
It won't happen again. It was an accident.
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.
If you don't want your old bicycle, you can always give it away.
I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm very proud of you.
I'm sure everything will be OK now.
I'm still a little hungry.
I'm still a little dizzy.
I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you.
I'm not bluffing.
I'm feeling kind of sleepy.
I'm feeling kind of dizzy.
I would never hurt Tom.
I went to see Tom, but he wasn't there.
I want to know who broke this window.
I told you to leave me alone.
I thought you were happy.
I think it's time we had a little talk.
I need your signature here.
I need to talk with Tom.
I need to talk to you.
I looked all over for Tom, but couldn't find him.
I just bought a new pair of shoes.
I have some wonderful news for you.
I have a couple of questions I need to ask.
I didn't realize that Tom had never gone to high school.
I apologize for my rudeness.
Give me the gun.
Don't forget your umbrella.
Don't forget your jacket.
Don't forget to call Tom.
Does anybody remember why we decided to do this?
Do you work here?
Did you invite Tom to dinner?
Did you invite Tom to dinner without telling me?
Did you go and see Tom last night?
Can you stand up?
As soon as I get paid, I'll pay you back.
Are you sure you don't know Tom?
Are you feeling any better?
Zhuangzi went to the kingdom of Chu.
Red Cross is a profitless organization.
The emergency phone number for all Europe is 112.
It's a very difficult tongue-twister.
Are you joking or are you serious?
Waiter, I need a knife.
I don't want to lie any more.
"USSR" stands for "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
Masha prefers coffee without caffeine.
We discussed our plans for the summer holidays.
It's ok now?
In the morning, the air is cool.
"Noo!" cried Tom.
There are some things I want to talk about.
Tom got drunk with his son.
Tom misses his daughter.
Tom gave me some scotch.
Tom drank in silence.
Tom called it a day.
I don't believe any of it.
It scares the shit out of me.
Tom died two years ago in a plane crash.
Tom barely studied for the exam.
Tom waved goodbye to Mary.
What's wrong sweetie?
Tom was at a loss for words.
How the hell can this be happening?
They should have known better.
How old is your daughter?
One of these days I will.
I didn't know you were back.
Tom is not home right now.
Tom never saw him again.
Tom never saw her again.
Tom is looking forward to it.
Mary is looking forward to it.
This movie is a reboot of the franchise.
Tom doesn't have a political agenda.
Tom has a political agenda.
It's a fundamental human desire.
That is old news.
This is old news.
Tom is using an external hard drive.
Tom is using an external hard disk.
Tom's computer is broken.
Tom weirds me out sometimes.
When does school let out for Christmas?
Oh My God! I left the wallet in my room!
What caused the explosion?
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.
She stared at me for a while.
There is nothing left to buy at that store.
It would be better to stay home today.
He is very knowledgeable about French literature.
I would like to know whether or not my luggage was reshipped to Tokyo.
Many great men came from this town.
This door would not open no matter what I did.
Kyoto is Japan's former capital.
Do you support or oppose abortion?
That time was really fun.
I found this book in a secondhand bookstore.
The economy progressed slowly.
People do not live to eat but eat to live.
The servants worked like ants.
She is pretty bad at tennis.
Mary swims just about as fast as Jack.
The atomic number for iron is 26.
My anti-virus let a virus through.
Do you celebrate the Earth Day?
My name is Ivan.
I practice sports.
Alice is my mother.
I aced the exam!
They came out well.
We visited St. Petersburg and Moscow.
I hate precooked food.
If I want something, I get it.
I'll come work for you.
They are frantically backpedaling.
My brother gets up every morning at 7.
Camels are the ships of the deserts.
How often do you change your razor blade?
It is written in his face.
There is only one store on the whole island.
MI6 is a British secret service.
We have to take the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
We have to use the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
The dream continues.
The dream goes on.
Water and mineral salts are inorganic substances.
One of the answers is correct.
What a pessimism!
You are a good person.
Tom never showed up.
We have a moral responsibility to act.
Some indigenous tribes in Brazil are threatened by loggers.
Even though he has a college degree, Tom works as a janitor.
Tom read The Grapes of Wrath in high school.
Tom read The Red Pony in middle school.
This movie was directed by John Ford.
She is only 26 years old and has already managed several companies.
Tom worked hard all summer.
For a language to be universal, it is not enough to call it that.
Tom got that right.
This doesn't serve any purpose.
Tom has two girlfriends.
Tom is bleeding.
The fuel gauge is broken.
Tom slipped on ice.
Mary watched in fascination.
Tom and Mary kissed passionately.
Everybody's happy.
Been there, done that.
She is up the duff.
This drives me nuts.
I knew that I was being watched.
Tom is an errand boy.
How convenient!
Squirrels eat hazelnuts.
Tom took the easy way out.
That would be a waste of their talents.
That would be a waste of his talent.
Tom died of hunger.
That would be a waste of her talent.
Mary has fake tits.
Mary has fake boobs.
We can't see anything.
Snitches get stitches.
They are frenetically backpedaling.
I prepared a weak sugar solution.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to.
The people of this village live in harmony with nature.
Please study here.
I believe the post you offer will give me the opportunity to improve my knowledge of the English language and my translating skills.
I wish to write you about a possible application for the post of Italian-English translator.
I'm terrible at languages.
It's an older version but it shouldn't matter.
We gotta have all the data in there.
I don't know whether I will have time to do it.
I don't know if I will have time to do it.
You were fabulous Saturday night!
I had to stay in bed for two days.
Where is the phrase in this book?
I don't speak Lojban.
Just a minute. I'll see if I can find it in this book.
Could you talk more slowly, please?
I am thirsty.
It's a matter of pride.
It's a matter of national pride.
You can't drink the water here.
Schnapps is made from fruit must.
The slogan for the day against extremism was, "multicolored instead of brown".
The slogan for the day dedicated to counter extremism was, "rainbow colours instead of brown."
We're not in the 80s anymore.
This is fucking awesome.
The cat got locked in the closet. Can you let it out?
Is dry food good for cats?
Wealth begets power.
I'd like to be an employee in a company.
I'd like to be self-employed.
I'd like to be a freelance.
I work as a teacher.
I work like a slave!
That book, which I read last week, is great.
Timing is always important.
What happened or is happening?
What are or will be the consequences?
An egg should cook for at least 5 minutes
"I certainly hope so." replied Tom.
Tom and Mary live beyond their means.
Tom is a total nutcase.
Tom is a nutbar.
You have to be careful when you're in the jungle.
Tom lives in the Bible belt.
Tom practices black magic.
How it ended up here is impossible to know for sure.
Its massive gravity well tugs many asteroids from the outer belt inwards.
How many times have you done this puzzle already?
This planet's orbit is congested with hundreds of captured moons.
This moon was ripped apart by tidal forces.
They are taller than she.
I feel like shit.
These lodes may prove rich enough to be profitably mined.
It looks painful.
Age before beauty!
Tom doesn't have the money to buy a car.
I don't have the money to buy a car.
Keep quiet. The baby is sleeping.
Hang on a while!
Never hurt someone's feelings.
No one is listening to me.
The police chief resigned.
It reminds me of the good old days.
It's old and clunky.
It's a two-edged sword.
It's a double-edged sword.
I love the aroma of freshly brewed coffee.
My best friend died of asphyxiation.
No time-wasters.
Put the headphone on.
Fate is not on our side.
This is the last warning.
This backpack is blue-ish.
This is what we were talking about yesterday.
I've already watched this film on the telly.
Maybe tonight we won't see each other but, in any case, one of us will ring the other, is that ok?
No matter how things go, let's stay together.
Surely, in the present-day society, we might as well consider it natural that consumption plays an important role in the life of man and is closely related to his well-being and happiness.
You can't speak English with 100 words.
We learned at school that the Portuguese Pedro Álvares Cabral discovered Brazil.
Mom baked a cake for my birthday.
You have been spotted.
Tom went through a lot of trouble to draw Mary here.
A pity it ended like this.
Time to get the hell out of here.
Tom's brain was deprived of oxygen for too long.
It's what Tom would want.
There's nothing any of us can do for Tom now except let him die with dignity.
I'm more worried about Mary now.
Mary is showing signs of severe depression.
I gave Mary some meds that should help.
Tom is showing no signs of brain activity.
It'll probably be easier for everyone if we don't tell Mary until after we shut the life support down.
They say Tom is gone.
They say Tom's brain isn't functioning anymore.
Tom is the only thing in the world that matters to Mary.
I don't know how to help Tom and it's tearing me up inside!
I won't give up on Tom!
That accounts for all of Tom's team.
Not for the faint-hearted!
He cannot play guitar.
I’ll have a think about where to meet and we can confirm nearer the time.
The snow fell quickly.
The snow was falling quickly.
If there are mistakes, correct them.
I don't give a shit what "indifference" means.
Get an egg from the fridge.
Get an egg from the refrigerator.
How do I get to NHK?
Welsh is a beautiful language.
He won't like this.
She won't like this.
I have won the game.
I am old.
I'm quite tired.
It was quite fantastic.
We continued chatting.
We carried on talking.
I haven't been hearing good things about him.
When a team makes its entrance, the captain leads the way.
Can I try on this pair of shoes?
Apologize to the teacher whenever you're late.
Ask as many times as necessary.
It's time to show your cards.
I don't want to study German.
The only access to the farmhouse is across the fields.
My younger brother went to school.
This is a name.
Students must have access to a good library.
The village is easy of access.
Only high officials had access to the President.
I came earlier than him.
She teaches English to advanced students.
I came earlier than her.
Christ taught forgiveness.
So you lost all your money? That'll teach you to gamble.
She teaches at our local school.
He has a complex about his weight.
The work goes around the clock.
I will shoot her.
The children were rushing about.
The boys were climbing about on the rocks.
Books are lying about on the floor.
His words are meaningless.
He'll soon be about again.
Is it ok if I help you?
There's a lot of flu about.
People are sitting about on the grass.
He is somewhere about.
What is he angry about?
The rampant sickness spread to many countries.
She raised her hand to ask a question.
I want to write some spoken words.
I want to take dictation.
Today is the second of January.
Monday is a difficult day.
I'm staying home.
I stay home.
You just killed me.
You kill me!
Every day has a continuation.
Tom is a nutter.
Let's continue where we left off yesterday.
But what bad have I done to deserve all this?
Mary is in her late twenties.
That's all I wanted to know.
It was a mistake.
A girl can dream, right?
A boy can dream, right?
Today he turned forty.
Tom is playing the violin.
Please divide the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three slices.
He can speak Russian too.
If he had had time, he would have visited us.
If he'd had time, he would have visited us.
I'm having the same problems.
Mary is reading Ann of Green Gables.
It's the size of a small car.
Tom needs clothes.
This is the culmination of years of work.
It's just not fair.
Tom hugged Mary tightly.
Tom is a faith healer.
Tom deserved the punishment.
Mary did not cry.
Tom did not cry.
You are young. I, on the other hand, am very old.
The streets were empty.
"I'll sleep when I'm dead," said Tom.
She always tries to help others.
I'm very tired today.
Today, I am very tired.
Can you name the days of the week?
We're not getting any younger.
It is not the correct solution.
We have to do something.
Tom is playing with his toys.
It hurts so much.
We wish you a pleasant journey.
We wish you a pleasant flight.
It should be fun.
Tom is not in his bedroom.
Tom was not seriously injured.
Where's mommy?
Tom was caught joyriding in a stolen vehicle.
It looks great so far.
It is to be expected.
Achille was born in 1908 in Paris.
You're Tomasz's friend, aren't you?
We live on planet Earth.
She has a bicycle.
She has a bike.
Tom cannot drive.
Tom cannot drive a car.
We will have guests tomorrow.
Dr. Smith gave me some meds to calm down, but I didn't take them.
Shouldn't you be at school today?
Tom and Mary have very eventful lives.
The future of man is woman.
The floorboards in the abandoned house creaked when we stepped on them.
The poltergeist was throwing objects around the room.
The goblins grinned gruesomely.
She is a Wiccan.
Vesak is a Buddhist holiday which celebrates the birth, enlightenment and death of the Buddha.
The highest degree of happiness is the absence of all pain.
It is sweeter to give than to receive.
A cat is an unfaithful servant which we only keep by necessity.
Style is the man himself.
Nature's greatest worker is time.
Fearing is dying a thousand times, it's worse than death.
We can run away from everything, except from our conscience.
Never mind the bottle, as long as we get drunk.
It's time to fess up.
Modern dances? It's not dancing anymore, it's decadence.
Venice is a city for passions: it's a city for honeymoons or for breakups.
It's time to come clean.
It is better to act than to talk.
He has a weight complex.
O time, suspend your flight!
O time, suspend your flight! and you, happy hours, suspend your race: let us savor the fleeting delights of our fairest days!
You must gather your party before venturing forth.
Thanks to my classmates, who helped me during hard times!
Let us never speak of it again.
Let us never speak of this again.
I have attached a PDF file of my curriculum vitae.
Tom and Mary live in a bungalow.
That man is Pedro.
The slogan for the anti-extremism day was "colourful not brown".
Would you like to tell the next story?
I mistook her for Ann's sister.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
I'm waiting for my boyfriend.
Tomorrow he'll at least be able to drink something.
That woman always cheated on her husband.
He was cheated (out) of his rightful inheritance.
Our new serial thriller begins at 7.30 this evening.
This is unknown country to me.
Her eyes held a look of silent appeal.
The new fashion soon lost its appeal.
Does jazz hold any appeal for you?
I'm appealing on behalf of the famine victims.
The police appealed to the crowd not to panic.
I've decided not to appeal.
The idea of camping has never appealed to me.
Tom worked through the night.
Black is against white.
That's fucking cool.
We're not going to make it.
We're not gonna make it.
This book seems easy to us.
I have the minutes of the meeting.
I thought you had lost your watch.
I retire in four years time.
Four years from now, you'll have no competition.
I'll be with you in ten minutes.
Thomas is a man of action.
He's the captain of a team.
She knows she does not have any other choices.
She has gonorrhea.
I would like to know how much money there is in my account.
Son, marry whenever you want - daughter, marry when you can.
Some wounds time never heals.
They share a common element.
This brush is made from camel hair.
Why didn't it work?
It was a tremendous headache.
Mary is a naïve young actress.
Mary is a budding actress.
Tom pulled himself up by his bootstraps.
I'm a little confused.
I had high hopes for Tom.
Tom has a 9-5 office job.
Tom works in a cubicle.
Mary wants to lead a life worth living.
This is what you're supposed to do.
Mary got mad at me.
Tom is not pulling any punches.
Tom is a grown man.
It is an option.
The whole group was punished for Tom's mistake.
Tom wants attention.
Tom wants to feel important.
We must create a safe environment for our children.
Snails move slowly.
We can't let this continue.
Tom is just trolling.
Tom is a troll.
First of all, let me speak about myself.
This text is not a translated text.
I will try to write in Kazakh myself.
Of course, there will probably be many mistakes.
I have my goals, plans, and reasons for learning Kazakh language.
I have no statistics.
Marriage is a unity made from love.
Was Mother Teresa a good woman?
Is Mother Teresa a good person?
I don't know who a role model for me would be.
Usually newspapers and magazines have many opinions.
In the Soviet Union, there were maybe only official or political ideas.
For example, the idea of marriage is a religious idea, a thing that comes from God.
However, your wedding, it is yours and made from your own choices.
So, after the death of the prophet, we are again alone.
First of all let me speak about the meaning of these words.
In my opinion, in Kazakh there are many words that come from other languages, but there's nothing wrong with that.
Music is a God given gift.
I make panna cotta without using gelatin.
A wooden-legged, glass-eyed mother is coming.
A mother with a wooden leg and glass eye is coming.
That night, Asem broke five dishes.
First Asem, then Saule started to cry.
Saule, give me the drum.
Saule, give the drum.
One gypsy family with their caravan was encamped.
Every day the girls used to walk to the village to look for work, after which they would give the money they found to their mother.
They lived in a village close to a forest.
Hello, old friend!
This is beautiful.
That is my dog.
He is Japanese.
We never know why we die.
You only live twice.
Those cunning bastards!
Tom vowed he'd never do it.
No one gives a shit.
Americans are friendly and approachable.
What is Tom doing here?
Tom is mentally disturbed.
Everyone's a winner.
Tom has never been to England.
Tom had a good time.
Mary had a good time.
Tom closed the curtains.
Mary was cruel to Tom.
It just makes no sense.
Tom is an adult now.
I'm eating rice now.
This is a waterproof watch.
This is a waterproof clock.
The dogs barked all night.
I will miss you.
He said that Tokyo is a safe city.
A hungry child doesn't play with a full child.
A hungry child isn't going to play with a full child.
You just don't know how it feels.
Tom just got dumped.
It's part of life.
Life isn't easy.
Tom seems to think that he's invincible.
Tom thinks he's invincible.
Tom thinks that nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom's father is an alcoholic.
Tom was adopted.
Anyone can make a mistake.
A kiss without a mustache is like an egg without salt.
I'm such a bad singer that when I sing a scale I can't even reach sol!
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.
I'm actually relatively good at written language, but with spoken language I often can't remember the tone on some word.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, and December is the twelfth.
I'll go, even if it rains tomorrow.
How much have your lives changed?
It is nice of you mentioning that.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they are called dreams.
The system will be adjusted to what it is that you are allowed to see.
Mary runs a food bank in London.
Tom runs a food bank in Boston.
Here is your reward.
Mary has visited Hungary.
Our school is in this village.
I've never played crazy golf.
I don't want to take too much advantage.
During the Soviet Union, there were two big newspapers - "Pravda" and "Izvestiia."
The "Bolashak" program is very useful.
If the government wants to write news, it is not news.
Kazakhstan is one of the developed countries in Central Asia.
Because the president is a human being, making mistakes is possible.
The journalists in Russia are not free, are not independent.
In Soviet times, each government made propaganda.
America is not the most democratic nation.
It's not quite ready yet.
This is really weird.
When we tell such lies, I think we are informing others about our own selves.
This English essay is far from perfect.
What's new with you?
Do you have any news?
Are the students sitting in the auditorium?
Do the students sit in the auditorium?
Will you eat dinner?
Water is an important natural resource.
I don't eat meat.
Where is the nearest store?
What languages do you know?
No, I am not married.
I am single.
In his free time, he likes to be on the Internet.
In her free time, she likes to be on the Internet.
The cheetah is the fastest animal.
A car is faster than a bicycle.
I'm better.
She is too weak.
Suppose she comes back. What would you say to her?
Don't forget to call me up tomorrow.
Music is a gift from God.
To be good, pâte brisée should be light and flaky.
Teenagers often argue with their parents.
Reason is the only thing that makes us human.
What makes us human?
I use the internet in the bathroom.
Give him time. He'll come around to the idea.
My ass!
She can do both at the same time.
He can do both at the same time.
Tom is both able and willing.
Mary is both able and willing.
Want fries with that?
Tom often takes long showers.
Previously, Mr Johnson also proposed banning the consumption of alcohol on public transport in the capital, which is believed to have reduced the crime rate on trains and buses.
In order to deal with repeat offenders, Mr Johnson is also establishing a "two strikes and you're out" policy - serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights.
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel, and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back.
Let's make love!
Make love, not war!
That sounds like our tugboat horn.
She's at loggerheads with her mother.
Tom believes that unicorns are real.
Tom was kicked out of his house by his parents when he confessed to being an atheist.
Mary confessed to being a witch.
Tom's heart is in the right place.
It sickens me.
What's happened has happened; there's no use in whining and complaining.
Where's the "any" key?
Do not turn off your computer.
Tom uses Windows 7.
You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.
Not everything is black and white.
Don't sweat it.
Tom is a closet case.
Tom found out his dad wasn't his real dad.
Mary knows that Tom isn't her real father.
Tom came home crying after school.
Mary was burned at the stake.
Tom likes football and music.
Tom's computer is not responding.
And why would I do that?
"Are you going to the party?" "No, what I'd really like to do is stay home."
Tom found a hoard.
We've already covered this subject.
We've already seen this material.
Tom is the real deal.
I know no one in this city.
The United States of America has several divisions. It is first separated into the fifty states. Each state is then broken up into counties or parishes. Each county or parish is divided into towns or townships. These towns or townships contain the villages and cities.
It's a very simple process.
To what do I owe this unexpected pleasure?
Tom is awesome.
I think you are mistaken.
A lot of people say Tom is the best player on our team.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with.
As far as we can tell, Tom wasn't involved in the robbery.
If both Tom and Mary go to prison, who'll take care of their children?
Do you know anything about Tom's childhood?
Do you know anything about Tom's family?
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
Yesterday, today was still tomorrow, but tomorrow, today will already be yesterday.
Today was still tomorrow yesterday, but today will be yesterday tomorrow.
I have many Vietnamese learning books.
I have many Vietnamese learning books and audio files for Vietnamese pronunciation.
If you need Vietnamese learning books, please contact me.
If you need Vietnamese self-learning books, please contact me.
You can teach yourself Vietnamese.
Vietnamese is very easy to learn.
The Vietnamese are very hospitable.
Intelligence can decrease stupidity.
Tom and Mary discovered something amazing.
Tom believes in strange things.
I only told Tom what Mary told me.
Tom believes that these quartz crystals have healing powers.
Tom bought a so-called "magical stone".
Tom has OCD.
I've got to go back and check.
Did I lock the door?
It needs to be perfectly symmetrical.
When will he come?
Tom is very good at it.
Our resident squirrel eats all our camellias.
Tom works by the sweat of his brow.
Hercules had strong muscles.
Why are you being so defensive?
If I had to choose, I'd say Bayern Munich.
When I was 17, I injured myself playing football. I collided with someone and as a result of this I broke some of my teeth.
Who is this tough guy?
Financiers make good business only when the state is making it badly.
You only believe in people who believe in themselves.
Speech was given to man only to conceal their thoughts.
Never speak ill of yourself; your friends will always speak enough.
Is English a difficult language to learn?
I don't know whether or not I should bring an umbrella with me to university with me today. The weather forecast has been misleading for the past few days.
Yes, I can speak a bit of it.
I choose not to drink alcohol. I am teetotal.
Some people can't seem to understand that I don't need alcohol to have a good time.
What have we become as a society when we need alcohol to enjoy ourselves. It has become a pretext for outlandish behaviour and just plain old debauchery.
Wait your turn.
Please do not power off or unplug your machine.
Tom stuck a fork into the electrical socket.
Your purse is open.
For the record, Tom didn't have anything to do with this.
How did Tom get past the guards?
I bet you a dollar Tom doesn't show up.
I never knew that Tom and Mary were having marital problems.
She is about to kill me.
I'm very sorry, but I can't.
Japanese people exchange gifts in order to express their feelings.
Stop complaining and obey!
Sometimes I can't hold my emotions.
She plays piano and guitar.
Show me the photo.
You don't need alcohol to be happy.
The first will be last.
The first will be the last.
The lessons of the second chapter are easier than those of the first.
I live in Viana, Espírito Santo.
Viana is a Brazilian municipality with an estimate population of 65000.
It's the day of the Lord.
Where can I wash my hands?
I learned a lot this week.
He doesn't know Kazakh language.
She doesn't know Kazakh language.
Oh no, not again!
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.
Tom died while he was in Boston.
I understood almost everything.
I was supposed to tell Tom where to go.
You cannot heal a broken heart.
It can happen to anyone.
Tom was sure he would find another job.
You might be surprised.
That's all going to change.
Due to limited visibility navigation may be difficult.
Toxic gas is being vented into the bunkers.
You're under arrest for the murder of Tom Jackson.
You're lucky.
You're just the person I've been looking for.
You must be right.
You guys should be more careful.
You guys don't think they'd beat Tom up, do you?
You don't have to stay.
You can't make someone like you.
You can go.
You can come along if you want.
Write your name.
Write it down.
Would you mind taking a polygraph test?
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
Why would someone kill Tom?
Why is it always my responsibility to pay the bills?
Why don't you just quit your job?
Why didn't Tom call for help?
Why did you kill Tom?
Why did you do it?
Why are you smiling?
Who would do something like this?
Who owns this truck?
Where did you put the ketchup?
When was the last time you were angry?
When did they go?
What're you going to do about it?
What will they do?
What were you doing this morning?
What was I supposed to do?
What room in your house do you spend the most time in?
What motivates you?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest strength?
What is Tom's girlfriend's name?
What does this smell like?
What do you weigh?
What did Tom's house look like?
What did they say?
What are your pet peeves?
What are you passionate about?
What are you doing for New Year's Eve?
What are these?
We're investigating the murder of Tom Jackson.
We were supposed to meet at the restaurant, but Tom never showed up.
We were friends.
We were expecting Tom to be at the party, but he didn't show up.
We want to go.
We met at summer camp.
We have important work to do.
We found it here.
We don't even know where Tom grew up.
We contacted Tom's family.
Turn the page.
Try your best.
Tom worked with Mary at a supermarket.
Tom won't be able to babysit for us tonight.
Tom was thrown out of the bar.
Tom was kicked off the team.
Tom was drunk and he said some things he shouldn't have.
Tom was counting on Mary to help him get ready for the party.
Tom wanted to talk with Mary.
Tom took the job that Mary offered him.
Tom took Mary to the homecoming dance.
Tom threatened to burn Mary's house down.
Tom thought that Mary was having money problems.
Tom still hasn't found what he was looking for.
Tom started to cry.
Tom seems like a decent kid.
Tom scored three touchdowns in last night's game.
Tom said that he needed to go to bed.
Tom said that he needed to get some sleep.
Tom said that he might never come back.
Tom must have had a reason for being late.
Tom likes Mary and Mary likes Tom.
Tom left something on the table for you.
Tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is.
Tom is depressed because his girlfriend left him.
Tom is a little older than the rest of the students in his class.
Tom has been missing for three years.
Tom had money, a lot of it.
Tom got here before I did.
Tom doesn't deserve another chance.
Tom claimed he had nothing to do with Mary's murder.
Tom caught Mary sneaking out of the house.
Tom called me.
Tom called me and said that he needed me to do him a favor.
Tom asked Mary to give him some money.
Tom asked Mary out.
Tom asked for my help.
Tom asked for help.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of time together.
Tom and Mary got divorced, just like you predicted.
Tom and Mary got back together.
This milk smells funny.
This is Tom's address book.
There's a light switch right inside the door.
The door was hard to open.
That was unexpected.
That sounds fair.
Thank you so much for coming by.
Thank you for the great meal.
Tell the truth.
Tell me your name.
Talk to Tom.
Step back.
Stay a while.
Something's going to happen. I can feel it.
Somebody must have seen something.
Sit down.
Show us around.
Should we wait for Tom?
Should we call Tom?
Put it there.
Point it out.
Play it again.
Now is the time.
None of what Tom said was true.
None of the boys paid any attention to Mary.
Move over.
Meet me at the hotel bar.
Maybe we'll get lucky and catch the thief.
May I speak to you in private?
May I go first?
Let's see if I can convince Tom to do the job.
Let's go talk to Tom.
Let's go back to the office.
Let's go and talk to Tom.
Let me carry it.
Keep up the good work.
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
It's still here.
It's my life.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
It turned out well.
It appears that I was wrong about that.
Is there something you want to tell me?
Is there any chance that Tom might have gone to Mary's house last night?
Is it possible that you're wrong?
If you leave now, you'll be in Boston by tomorrow evening.
If you didn't put this here, then who did?
I've locked my keys in my car.
I'm very disappointed in you.
I'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar.
I'm sure that your parents are very proud of you.
I'm not your coach anymore.
I'm not sure what's wrong.
I'm just trying to figure out why someone would do such a thing.
I'm getting tired of your complaints.
I'll catch you later.
I'd like you to leave now.
I work too much.
I wonder why Tom didn't call me.
I wish I had known the truth.
I will do what I need to do.
I went to Tom's house the night before he died.
I was living in Boston a few years ago.
I want to talk with my lawyer.
I told Tom how much I valued Mary's opinion.
I thought it would be a good concert, but it wasn't.
I think Tom might be telling the truth.
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think that Tom lives somewhere around here.
I should've known better.
I should go with you.
I remember Tom asking for my help.
I need some time to think.
I love this song.
I like being part of this group.
I like being on the team.
I know what you did.
I know what I want to do.
I know what happened to Tom.
I know now what I have to do.
I knew this was going to happen.
I just need to know what happened.
I just don't fit in anymore.
I just can't figure it out.
I have something to show you.
I have some other appointments.
I have errands to run.
I had no choice.
I guess Tom was right.
I feel terrible.
I don't want to see you again.
I don't want to quit this job.
I don't want to miss my train.
I don't want to go there again.
I don't recognize any of the people in the picture.
I don't know what's going on around here, but I intend to find out.
I don't have time for this.
I cut myself.
I can't make it to your party next weekend.
I can't figure out why nobody comes here anymore.
I can't blame you. It was my fault.
I bought you a present.
How would you describe yourself?
How many hours do you normally work?
How long has Tom been working here?
How long did Tom work here?
How long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment?
How long are they?
How have you been getting along lately?
How do you handle stress?
How did you two meet?
How did you know we were here?
How did you get into my house?
Help me out.
Have you ever taken a lie detector test?
Have a seat.
Hand it over.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
Go find Tom.
Give them to me.
Get to the point.
Get some rest.
Get on the bus.
Form two lines.
Everybody hates Tom.
Don't try to blame this all on me.
Don't let me catch you doing anything like this again.
Don't do that. It's not your job.
Does everybody understand?
Do you think Tom will forgive me?
Do you take work home with you?
Do you own a gun?
Do you have a hunting license?
Do you have a fishing license?
Do you happen to have any photographs of Tom?
Dinner smells delicious.
Did you like it?
Did you get fired from your last job?
Did you find out what time the meeting starts?
Did you find anything?
Come with me now.
Come and get it.
Can you see?
Can I make you a drink?
Call me.
Back off.
Are you doing anything special for New Year's Eve?
Are you certain about this?
Are we done?
Are there any questions?
All the desk drawers were empty.
A lot of people think that lawyers get paid too much.
I am not guilty!
Ruminants are a group of mammals.
Some medicines can be harmful for the body
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking.
The media doesn't distribute this news.
The media doesn't report this news.
Like father like son.
Drop me a postcard.
You might as well go kill yourself.
Tom moved to San Diego.
Tom had appendicitis.
Tom got some more bad news.
Tom wanted to move to Boston.
This insurance has a high deductible.
Tom said that he wanted to move to Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to move to Boston because that's where Mary lives.
It's a tough place to be.
His troubles are not over.
Tom lived in Boston until he was ten years old.
Tom spent a few years in Boston when he was in college.
Are you mentally ill?
Tom enjoyed the time he spent in Boston with Mary.
Tom took it even further.
Tom doesn't have health insurance.
Tom has never been sick.
Tom had open heart surgery.
Tom went to the hospital because he was sick.
It can be fatal.
Tom is no longer covered by his parents' health insurance.
Tom has lupus.
Tom went to visit Mary in the hospital.
It's going really well.
Tom still can't afford it.
Tom is a registered sex offender.
Tom picked some flowers for Mary.
Everyone was doing it.
That guy gives me the creeps.
Tom and Mary had consensual sex.
Tom spent the night in jail.
Tom had to perform 100 hours of community service.
Kids can be so mean.
You never know for sure.
I'll believe it when I see it.
This is being misunderstood.
Thanks for the heads-up.
There's something even worse than calumny, it's truth.
He thinks he's becoming deaf because he doesn't hear people talking about him anymore.
We only believe in those who believe in themselves.
While it goes without saying, it would go even better if it was said.
If the people knew by what small men they are ruled, they would soon rebel.
I'm being good with you this morning.
It's sort of the classic Greek tragedy of hubris begets nemesis.
In Kabuki, not only talent, but also heredity counts.
In China, they celebrate the New Year by the lunar calendar.
You have been gone for so many years.
Which cup is yours?
Be sure to follow them step by step.
I don't want to be poisoned.
Man the harpoons!
Let me try.
"Do you want to be a millionaire?" "Who doesn't?"
Write with your left hand.
Don't get a stomachache by eating too much.
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.
Welcome to the real world!
England would fit in Brazil 65 times with room to spare.
Argentina would fit in Brazil 3 times with room to spare.
Lebanon would fit in Brazil 818 times with room to spare.
The Portuguese territory would fit, with room to spare, in the Brazilian state of Pernambuco, the seventh smallest state in Brazil.
He heard a noise from the kitchen.
She fell into a profound sleep.
She turned and began to cry.
He traveled under another name.
John took a key from his pocket.
He snored loudly during his sleep.
I chewed the gum.
Addiction is one of the problems of the youth of our day.
She punished her children.
Legitimate software applications from leading vendors are carrying an additional unwanted load. Together with their application, some of them change various browser settings as if your browser is theirs. Did you know that AVG, ICQ, Jookz, Babylon, ZoneAlarm, Incredimail just to name a few, tweak your homepage, default search and other settings?
She dared to never go back there.
The student strove for excellence.
Where did you go for vacation?
We are not going on vacation.
The Federal Republic of Germany was established in 1949.
He laid down the gun on the floor.
No place is like home.
Help her till the cows come home: some day, you will be disappointed in her.
It's a rough place out there.
Tom is a snotty little brat.
Tom is a spoiled little brat.
It doesn't look like Tom's around at the moment.
I must be imagining things.
Tomorrow it's Christmas.
That statement is incorrect.
Tom is intoxicated.
Tom has been drinking heavily.
This is Tom's locker.
Tom and Mary drank three pitchers of beer.
Tom put his books in his locker.
If I were you, I would follow his advice.
Tom opened his locker and took out his books.
The ZIP code here is 14080-000.
Flavio is enrolled in his third year of high school.
Someone is inside.
Flavio is in his senior year of high school.
I'm not at all interested in what you go around doing.
Tom, please restrain yourself.
Mary is working as a model.
Both Tom and Mary work as models.
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.
He was a deist, of course, but his time was before the discovery of natural selection so he can be readily forgiven for that.
There's a huge black widow spider in my room!
There's a brown recluse spider in the attic.
Tom is trying to quit.
Tom was pulled over.
You're a really nice man, Tom.
Tom is worried that something might happen to him.
I believe I have found the answer.
Tom is allergic to pollen.
There's something out there.
It's just a bird.
I'll be waiting for you.
I went to the pawn shop and asked them to please appraise my 1980s style car.
I wish you were here with me now.
That one over there's really cute.
I would rather have a sandwich than a toast.
People are becoming more and more aware of the dangers posed by drugs.
This is unusual.
Tom beat them to the punch.
Do you get me?
Tom lives in a slum.
Tom hit rock bottom.
I'm not like the rest of these guys.
Tom is a surfer.
Mary is getting her nails done.
Tom looked through the peephole.
Tom is behaving strangely.
The bathtub is dirty.
The bathtub needs to be cleaned.
I've got you.
Tom is not our man.
Tom has been taking walks at night.
Tom likes taking walks at night.
Tom punched her in the face.
Tom, behind you!
Fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine and astatine are halogens.
Tom is a creature of the night.
Helium, neon, argon, krypton, xenon and radon are noble gases.
Children need to be disciplined.
Hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen, phosphorus, oxygen, sulfur and selenium are nonmetals.
Beryllium, magnesium, calcium, strontium, barium and radium are alkaline earth metals.
Lithium, sodium, potassium, rubidium, caesium and francium are alkali metals.
Tom died of dehydration.
Just relax.
Tom may be old, but he's in good shape.
Have you ever read "Moby Dick"?
She laid down the gun on the floor.
I'll meet you at the usual place.
What are your plans for Christmas?
Beer consists of 90% water.
Tom really loves animals.
Looks like we barked up the wrong tree.
Many thanks for the meal!
I hope she's safe.
How many fish can you keep in your tank?
My father-in-law is a lawyer.
My father-in-law is an engineer.
My sister is younger than me.
And to those who thought they had defeated me, I reply to you with my victory.
A touch of nervousness besets me because tomorrow I've got a German exam.
Yesterday's football highlights show contained a whopping twenty-five goals!
Will I manage to learn all the grammar topics in time for my German exam tomorrow?
What's a picture like that doing in Tom's room?
Both of them seem suspicious.
It might be a trap.
Maybe it's a trap.
Tom has had his licence suspended.
Her Majesty is waiting.
His Majesty is waiting.
We've got no brakes!
Tom has had his license suspended.
Tom screamed like a woman.
Don't stare at me like that.
You must be crazy.
What do you have in mind?
That would appear to be correct.
Snap out of it!
You have to believe in yourself.
I was really scared.
We know.
I've read many kinds of books.
Try to remain calm.
Do you really want to know?
They are reading her book.
I've already read this book.
I have no time tomorrow.
It was horrible!
He is sprawled out on the sofa.
Honestly, I would think driving there daily is better than moving.
My dad doesn't want me driving there everyday, so he's paying my rent.
The roads here are congested.
This is a yellow rose.
Could you help?
Tom has a big apartment.
I'm so worn out.
I'm very afraid of snakes.
Do you have any siblings?
A glass of red wine, please.
We'll be leaving before you get here.
This machine is broken.
Could I speak with you for a moment?
I went on foot.
This bus is going in a different direction.
Yes, it's just this.
It's not raining.
It's not that easy, huh?
Applause broke out.
This is very difficult.
I treated him like my own son.
Wiener sausages are called Frankfurter sausages in Vienna.
I like this old car more than a new one.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
The two men blamed each other for the crime.
She speaks not only German and French, but English as well.
Cows are sacred animals to Hindus.
Look at that red-roofed house.
Beijing is changing with great speed.
Hello everyone, I'm Mike.
The end of my probation period is nearing.
He said, "I plan to become a researcher."
Why are you studying?
Dad is taking a walk in the park.
She's not as beautiful as her mother.
You think of the world too romantically.
I get anxious waiting for a friend for a long time.
This can is empty.
Do you have nothing to say?
The second course contains meat.
It's boiling hot.
Wanting to build a snowman, the children eagerly awaited the first snow.
This book is very heavy.
The plumber used many different tools to fix our sink.
I'm happy to be here.
I know its a wee while off but here are a few suggestions for where to meet.
Unfortunately, Nancy was right.
I hear she's a sleek bit of mink.
He gave me a letter in his last moments of life.
I saw the sponge in the sink.
I love you more than anything.
Living is growing old, nothing more.
Many salesmen are smooth talkers, so I think you shouldn't trust them much.
Freedom that is used only to deny freedom must be denied.
He's an Italian teacher.
She can't ski.
Men only think that you are wise when you share or approve of their folly.
I'll call back soon.
She's not my grandma; she's my mom.
Broccoli is one of the best vegetables for you.
While I was waiting for the bus, I witnessed a traffic accident.
Lemon is a sour fruit.
Excuse me, please check the oil.
Be more careful from now on.
I came across a dog while returning home.
I have the memory of a goldfish.
May I borrow your phone?
I cut up all but one of my credit cards.
I remember the warmth of his arms.
Add plain yogurt and soy milk.
She translated that word for word.
I met my friends yesterday.
I eat tartine with jam.
This month was kind of difficult.
What you say and what you do are different.
"Come home early, Guillaume." "Yes, mother."
The cost of living increased dramatically.
They failed the exam.
We couldn't understand her logic.
These scissors are not cutting.
You're not the only one!
She looked for her ring earnestly.
Please hurry, the bus is leaving already.
Sorry, could you turn the radio off?
I was a better alto but was selected as a mezzo-soprano.
The young girl sighed.
The latest exam was difficult and its questions misleading.
I'd like to eat cheesecake to my heart's content at The Cheesecake Factory.
What should I do? I burned the pot!
I'd like to study German, but I don't have the time.
At one time I was saying I want to become a novelist.
Today I have to drop by the supermarket.
The situation is worse than I'd thought.
Let's play tennis!
Was it a dream?
Even though you like tomatoes, you dislike tomato juice, right?
I wonder whether stone-roasted sweet potatoes are available overseas as well.
How do you make a triangle-shaped onigiri? No matter how many times I try I can only make round onigiri.
Nowadays you no longer hear popular songs that can be sung by men and women of all ages.
Who ate my cake that I'd put in the fridge?
Pizza, please.
I want to see a volcano.
Even I don't understand.
Long ago, people used to travel on foot.
Last Saturday, I went with my family to the zoo to see the pandas.
I listen to and prefer jazz over classical.
Together we breathed a sigh of relief.
The Japanese watch Japan too much and don't know the situation overseas. Koreans watch Japan only and don't know the situation of their own country.
No one can foresee how that result will turn out.
Today I have to give my cat a bath.
I heard him humming in the shower.
There is also a tendency to call "L'Auberge Espagnole" a pornographic film.
Just like that, hours, days and weeks passed.
I can sleep anywhere.
I just now signed the divorce papers, and with this I'm finally free!
There are 35 students in this class.
I'd like to hold a staff meeting first thing tomorrow afternoon, so could you reserve the conference room?
Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.
Tom made a mountain out of a molehill.
They handled it well.
It's not that bad.
People have short memories.
Mary was bullied by her classmates.
They ganged up on him.
Tom dyed his hair.
Tom was beat to a pulp by his father.
Tom is an arrogant idiot.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn!
Mary married for money.
Asians generally have black hair.
We are sorry for the inconvenience.
Tom has almost no experience of women.
I have my share of doubts.
Tom is a royal pain in the ass.
Tom can hold his breath for five minutes.
Tom has a heart of stone.
Tom and Mary are helicopter parents.
Tom has a secret crush on Mary.
This movie is politically incorrect.
It's a little dated.
The story is full of holes.
Tom and Mary are second cousins.
We're in trouble.
The image does not match reality.
Tom is a good kisser.
Tom was killed by wild animals.
Why do camels hate horses?
She doesn't like him.
She does not like him.
Who would you like to speak with?
Who would you like to speak to?
There are beautiful flowers in the garden.
I always go to school on foot.
He doesn't know anything about politics.
Who is on the train?
There are lots of things I want to talk about.
When did the show finish?
At what time did the show finish?
You have one mouth and two ears, so listen more and speak less.
Christopher Columbus discovered America.
He spends his free time on the internet.
The two families live under one roof.
You just wouldn't understand.
Further investigation is required.
Tom is good at what he does.
Tom likes ponies.
Tom likes making paper aeroplanes.
She bought a toy for the kid.
I've been waiting for her for an hour.
Tom dyed his hair black.
I think, therefore I follow.
I don't think, therefore I do not follow.
On board his flying saucer, he's flying over houses...
He threads his way between the trees... and rushes under the bridge.
But suddenly, Little Venusian really needs to go and pee.
He lands in a garden and knocks at the door.
Mum opens the door.
Behind her, cautiously hidden, stands François.
Little Venusian politely asks for the toilet.
But the seat is too big for him.
How annoying!
François has a good idea.
He's going to let him use his own.
Phew! That was close!
Flying from far away, from the other side of the sun, Little Venusian is arriving to visit our planet.
Don't patronize me.
Don't patronise me.
Good bye and thanks a lot, Little Venusian says.
Tom does not mince words.
Tom is a weirdo.
Mary doesn't like eating at Applebee's.
It doesn't go far enough.
Tom has cancer.
Bear in the grave.
China is larger than Japan.
It's hard to tell you from your brother.
When I was young, my father used to take me to school.
The law should be clear.
Where's my phone book?
Are there bigger carrots?
What are you going to do after graduating from college?
You must take the medicine!
Please! Don't open the window.
Please! Please don't skip class.
The word doctor refers to a person with the highest university degree, and colloquially to a physician.
The book reviewer who detects a missing comma, immediately feels elevated to the level of the writer.
In Sweden a gender-neutral pronoun was introduced to make the distinction between male and female grammatically unnecessary.
I defenestrate you!
Scottish recipe for tomato soup: Pour hot water into a red cup.
I don't know how he can live in this mess.
I don't know how he can live in this quilombo.
My mum let me go to the movies.
I'm going to the dance, even though you don't like it.
He lived there completely alone.
My sister is a receptionist.
The aphids are making the leaves turn yellow.
My parents are English, but they came to Brazil in 2001.
Your little brother has the face of a slob!
He gets up at 7.
Don't throw these documents in the rubbish!
Bill runs faster than Bob.
Benevolence is abstract, a good deed is concrete.
Until the age of 21, children love their parents; at 25 they judge them, afterwards they forgive them.
Every man for himself.
There has to be a satisfactory solution to the problem.
When he saw my new haircut, he looked at me with eyes as big as an anime character's.
Do you have any idea how many eggs are consumed per year?
I have recently used the services of his travel agency to book a cruise in the Mediterranean.
Many oval-leaved plants are poisonous.
I left school early.
The government tortured the citizen to make him confess.
I've never seen a river so pretty.
You're heading exactly where I wanted to go.
Plants need to be in a well-lit place to undergo photosynthesis.
I obey only reason.
Strong as an oak.
Strong as an ox.
I would have liked it if you had come with us.
Scientists continue to discover new medicines, so there is always hope for people who are in comas.
In my house we drink a lot of beer.
Your name sounds familiar to me.
Tom is such a buzzkill.
A philosopher is a man who can solve all problems, except for his own.
You logged on ?
How true it is!
I liked to believe I was loved.
People like me, but they don't love me.
I have decided that I won't let people get close to me anymore, this means that I will never expect someone to love me, nor will I open my heart to anyone.
Even my husband does not know what I am really thinking.
From a very young age, Jorge Luis Borges had serious problems with his vision.
A surgeon lives with Death, his inseparable companion - I walk hand in hand with him.
I'm always wondering what the difference is between resin and sap.
The structure isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
The structure isn't strong enough to support that much weight.
He went to America.
She basically said that, without going into details.
Are you coming back tomorrow?
Yesterday I saw a man crying bitterly.
What is the longest word in the Kazakh language?
Dog can be prepared in various different ways.
How many nights do you intend to stay here for?
Finally we reached a compromise.
I am very pleased to see you again.
This is a good camera.
It is a good camera.
They usually say that women live longer than men.
Do you want to talk about it?
She dreamed of becoming a nurse.
What's the price of this?
That costs 13.
Where should I pay?
I'm looking for something less expensive.
I would like to exchange American dollars for rupnu.
What is the exchange rate of the euro against the rupnu?
How much do you want to sell this?
She's up the duff.
Thanks all the same.
The shop sells all sorts of bric-à-brac.
The shop sells all sorts of bric-a-brac.
At the end of the sentence one should put a period.
At the end of the sentence, you should add a period.
One should add a full stop at the end of the sentence.
One should put a full stop at the end of the sentence.
The wizened, old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic.
Culture is what remains after one has forgotten all the things one has learned.
You're one to talk!
You are one to talk
There must be some way out of here.
What the hell do you think you are doing?
I'm trying to work out here. Do you want to spot me?
You will not get away with this.
I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble hell.
You obviously have no interest in saving yourself.
Management wants you gone by the end of the day.
"What do you want?" "One year's salary with benefits."
Man... you are one twisted fuck.
I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.
According to the newspaper, it will rain today.
I think Honda will come tomorrow.
It seems to be quiet over there, right?
An error occured while saving. Please try again or contact us to report this.
The user you to want to send this message to does not exist. Please try with another username.
Has Tanaka already returned?
I was barely able to get him out.
It rained heavily all day long.
She is the one who took care of his wound.
Shall I buy this dictionary just because it's cheap?
She and I hold the same position in the company, but she earns more than I do.
I apologize for this.
Was that not clear?
Turn here to get on the subway.
When the light is green, cars turning must yield to pedestrians.
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?
I prefer traveling on my own.
I don't speak Kazakh.
I am so sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am too focused on my career.
She certainly did take advantage of the lifestyle my success afforded her.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
I need some Japanese listening comprehension materials.
It's not sure it will happen.
It's not like it's sure it will happen!
Listen, my son!
The students hitchiked.
Would you like to taste this yummy cake?
Mary looked worse for wear.
According to the newspaper, it's going to rain today.
He read the book yesterday.
Tom is a tax preparer.
Tom is a tax consultant.
Frankly, I don't like your idea.
Let's stop this argument.
The walls have ears, the doors have eyes.
Here and there.
You two deserve each other.
You'd be out of your mind to go with him.
I am there.
You're ways too uptight about sex.
Don't you laugh at me!
We got to get you a real man.
I have to run next door.
You don't get to tell me what to do ever again.
This really doesn't concern you.
You kind of are on her turf.
They are here.
You are so busted.
That's true with every day except one.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
It's been a long time since anybody asked me that.
I've gotta go to the bathroom.
My grandma's skin seemed like paper.
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me.
I can see that he is content.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't drink vodka.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
She was more beautiful than all of the others.
Do you have any grandchildren?
A bilingual person can change from one language to another in the middle of a sentence, and this code-switching is a topic of study for linguists.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock at the door...
I won't see you today. I'll see you tomorrow, though.
I won't see you today. I'll see you tomorrow, however.
Life is too short to seek perfection in material things.
Her child behaves well.
Joyful let the soul be in the present, let it disdain to trouble about what is beyond and temper bitterness with a laugh. Nothing is blessed forever.
When I'm with you, I'm happy.
This is mine, and this is yours.
Water is a transparent liquid.
I don't play pool.
I knew she would be the winner.
It's up to you to make a choice.
The sea isn't clear.
Stop threatening inanimate objects, they can't hear you.
I don't understand some people's ways and how they can be so inconsiderate of others.
He is very good-looking.
We measure the depth of the river.
We are measuring the depth of the river.
We were surprised by his behavior.
She was unconscious for three days.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Vikings and Norwegians.
Is the food halal?
They say that he is the richest person in the world.
Japan and Korea are neighbours.
Try to be more punctual from now on.
You need to top up your Oyster Card.
I can't top up my phone.
There is snow on the mountain.
I could not stop laughing.
This song is called "Only You".
The tea is too strong. Add a bit of water.
That's what I've always said.
I visited the village he was born in.
He is sure that he will come.
Tom decided to study law.
Did you receive my letters?
You want answers to questions that you're not allowed to ask.
The match has been canceled due to heavy rain.
Words know from us, things we ignore from them.
She fell asleep in my arms.
I would like to know what you intend to do now.
It's difficult to speak with him.
I'd like to know what you intend to do now.
I can beat him!
He was working hard.
She was working hard.
I don't want to become blind!
Think, - and you will be able to calm down.
The tree casts a long shadow.
I washed the car.
Thank you for the lovely surprise!
I'd like to ask you for some legal advice.
The garden was full of yellow flowers.
I have a room full of toys. Do you want to play?
Translate this book into English.
I'm not guilty.
I'm innocent.
Mehmed Talat was assassinated in Berlin in 1921.
Too many sweets make you fat.
I don't know how to draw, nor do I have the sensibility of an artist.
He donated countless pieces to the museum.
She donated countless pieces to the museum.
Has anybody seen my beer mug?
I only speak a smattering of Japanese.
Since when have you been able to feel the movement of the fetus?
They stayed in the room with me for the whole night.
I used to speak Latin, French and English, but now I've forgotten it all.
Is this sentence meant seriously? Of course not!
Can one better bear the sins of an atheist?
It's inconceivable that you would talk on the phone whilst behind the wheel.
We're a few kilometres away from the Sambadrome.
The water from this fountain is safe to drink.
Mr Brown always carries a book.
Throw the egg shells in the organic rubbish bin.
She had the habit of wearing a ribbon on her hat; a different one each day, and each day a different colour.
Before eating it, cook the meat well.
Raising a child costs a fortune.
He opened his mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
She opened her mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
I would never say such a thing.
Check out the woman over there!
Look at the woman over there!
Joseph can say "I love you" in fifteen languages.
That was very easy!
Nobody noticed my absence?
We need rules!
Are you interested in Buddhism?
It is very dear.
Hungary is a state situated in Central Europe.
In the 90s, Ireland, Hungary, Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Switzerland and Georgia abolished the death penalty.
Tom is such a Debby Downer.
Brazil became the sixth largest economy in the world.
You look very good in that photo.
Don't forget there are exceptions.
Tom is such a killjoy.
I want your answer by the end of the day.
There are historical reasons why males who are native speakers of English are embarrassed to speak their mother tongue correctly.
After the invasion, Viking men took English wives and fathered children with the result that their daughters learned correct English from their mothers, and their sons learned bad English from their fathers, who hadn’t been in the country long enough to master the language.
The use of non-standard English does not help to promote English in international communications; well, we can always fall back on Esperanto.
Tigers live in the jungle, lions in the savanna.
It's really fun to learn Esperanto.
My computer broke due to the heat.
I haven't been to class for five days, I have to catch up.
Our hypothesis is based on solid experiments.
The prices are high.
In this magazine Juliana talks about the way she dresses.
Charlemagne was crowned by the Pope.
What left me perplexed is that the answer was so simple and nobody could guess it.
Why did Kissinger flee Paris and make himself a fugitive from the French law?
South American telenovelas dream of being called soap operas.
You have absolutely no reason to feel offended.
He's an old windbag, you can't believe a word he says.
She answered through tears.
Traveling educates young people.
Seneca admonished us: "It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult."
I'll call her, but she won't come.
I'm calling her but she isn't coming.
I call her but she doesn't come.
That dress fit her perfectly.
I feel like going out for a walk.
I will spend my next year vacation abroad.
English is like a gated community; access is possible but cumbersome.
We need that report by tomorrow.
You can call me Bob please.
I'm fine, thanks.
What do you do here so early?
I understand more than I speak.
Is there a bank nearby here?
I would like to book a flight to Brazil.
May I know the date of you departure?
Do you have a package tour?
Certainly. I'II look for it right now.
Where I can find the check-in counter for Tam please?
It's in terminal 1.
Where can I wait for it please?
Which seat do you want please?
What about the other one?
The TAM 224 will be 20 minutes delayed today.
Oh! How bad!
How can I get to the Duty Free Shop from here?
Excuse me. Where is my seat please?
Can you clean the mess up?
He should be around 40.
He must be around 40.
Can I eat?
They accepted the offer.
They accepted the proposition.
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no native speakers present.
One of the symptoms of schizophrenia is pathological attention to detail, so I feel comforted when I forget a few commas.
May the way of the hero lead to the Triforce.
You must activate the software before you can use it again.
I can't insert the letter "K" in my keyboard.
Did you like your first class?
My grandparents died before I was born.
I have only one picture of my grandmother.
Brazil declared war on Argentina in 1825.
Maria is wearing a burqa.
Can't you live your own life?
I would have been happier if I had stayed there.
Mustafa Kemal is known by many as the father of the Turkish nation.
Muhammad was born in Mecca.
I'm happy you're here.
I'm happy because you're here.
Tatoeba was out of service.
Goethe considered himself a happy man and reported being happy for three weeks in his life.
Please, give me the biggest pineapple.
I will return earlier tomorrow.
Please eat a little more.
My view on this issue has changed.
Such fish as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish like carp and trout live in fresh water.
He spoke.
Almost no one knows we are sisters.
I'll go to my bed and cry.
If you've never done something so stupid before, go ahead and try.
He lives near the beach.
She lives near the beach.
Get out from wherever you are.
Wherever I look, there's only sand and more sand.
I'll never find true love.
I'll tell you what I did today.
Let me tell you what I did today.
You should put on a life jacket, whenever you get in a boat.
The last dart he threw, bounced off the board.
They hung streamers from the ceiling in preparation for the party.
Dad made us walk back through the bush on the way home!
I was not a happy girl.
Ukraine is a country in Central and Eastern Europe.
Ukraine became independent again when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991.
Donetsk is a large city in eastern Ukraine on the Kalmius river.
Many people, especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never appologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time. If you’re right and you know it, speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.
He reads voraciously.
My 7th graders are annoying.
Suppressive cultures are often superstitious.
The nuclear family is a young prejudice; in fact, families have only been built around the few immediate members in the last 50 or 60 years of relative wealth.
In her youth, Mary played the penny whistle.
Poverty is not an accident. Like slavery and apartheid, it is man-made and can be removed by the actions of human beings.
This is for everyone who has received a notice from them.
It looks like it's going to rain, right?
This is beyond reasoning.
He insisted on speaking.
I look forward to it.
It isn't worth it!
Rain is likely to fall.
Rain is likely to start.
A diamond is worth a lot of money!
Do it somewhere else.
It is likely that it will rain.
He does appear.
Get it right!
Although it was raining, I went out.
The Great Jerboa is a species of rodent.
Jerboas look like kangaroos due to having many similarities such as long hind legs, very short forelegs, and long tails.
I like to be organised!
It is clear that no one has anything new to suggest.
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration.
Another factor to be taken into consideration is that the present situation is favourable to us.
Before the 15th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
Just think of the difficulties!
God knows what their fate will be.
His thesis summed up the new achievements made in computers, artificial satellites and rockets.
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.
The first electronic computers went into operation in 1945.
The Year of the Four Emperors, 69 AD, is a remarkable page of the Roman history.
If there's an emergency, you must run out of the house through this exit.
He spoke with evident glee.
They refused to talk to me in spite of my earnest request.
Miss Wang has a trace of obstinacy in her, but she is still a good student.
I recognised him immediately.
You have my sympathy.
History develops through the replacement of the old by the new.
We went to the dance.
We intended to let you in on the secret.
He is below contempt.
In China’s approach to relations with other countries, we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states.
She is not only good at running; she is also good at singing.
Heating water does not change its chemical composition.
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
You’re getting into deep water.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
We express our gratitude for Mr Smith's outstanding, challenging speech.
In spite of the tyrant’s persecution, the hero valiantly carried on the struggle.
He is a promising student.
The weather promises to clear up.
Rubber is not hard: it gives way to pressure.
The houseboat is in the boathouse.
How about a match between the English and the others?
They made a mistake, it's not Mexican jerboa, it's Shanghai leopard.
Don't open those windows.
Do not open those windows.
Who took the picture?
It's too cold.
Legislation clearly distinguishes between dangerous goods and hazardous materials.
I gave all the money I had left to the hairdresser.
We think it's time to smile more often.
I'm in love with this woman.
Without you, I am nothing.
This is speaking.
I cured my cold with this medicine.
Mom bought a puppy for us.
Biologists view the chupacabras as a contemporary legend.
My orders are not up for discussion.
Stanisław Lem was born in 1921 in Lviv, Poland (now Ukraine).
The popularity of the chupacabras has resulted in it being featured in several types of media.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.
Every person counts.
Earth is perfectly suited for life.
The high percentage of oxygen makes humans feel energized and alive.
The high percentage of oxygen allows insects to grow to frightful sizes.
Pollen can cause severe allergic reactions.
You check for a pulse, but find none.
It seems worthless.
Immigration is restricted.
Mars is a large rock with a thin atmosphere.
You're completely out of control.
Somebody needs to stop you.
Now, it's up to you.
I've done my part.
You need to disappear before they find you.
Mary looks to you with a wry, respectful smile.
This colony was founded in 1700.
The communication recently has been lost with the team.
Faint footprints in the dust lead off to the east.
Communications are down.
I'm going to investigate this case.
All demolition charges have been deactivated.
Is that a country or a city?
Tom was badly beaten before being killed.
Mary was killed with a pistol shot to the back of the head at close range.
He was preaching God's Word to a small group of believers.
It's not fitting to preach among the ravens.
This planet appears to be suited for colonization.
This land is covered by a verdant carpet of lush vegetation.
Appearances are deceiving.
The Earth possesses a thick, oxygenated atmosphere.
You better not do that!
Pollen can cause anaphylactic shock when inhaled.
This dust is impossible to filter from the air.
Oxygen is necessary for life on earth.
Tom wakes from a deep sleep.
Mary wakes an instant later to find herself lying on her back.
What did Tom and Mary learn from us?
Tom helped you to your feet.
Mary is alone in the forest.
The exercises are simple and effective.
Leaning on his bone-tipped spear for support, Tom rises to his feet.
Tom shakes his spear in anger at bear.
Tom raised his hairy fist.
The last time we saw each other was in Ana's birthday, the year before last.
Tom was the first one who explored Mary's body.
Tom seems to have made off with the elk carcass.
The remains of human cities dot the Earth.
Mary senses the aliens are watching her.
The test samples were due to arrive three days ago.
No one should be able to trace the events there back to us.
We recommend cutting off all further contact with the rebels.
There are no signs of trauma on Tom's corpse.
Mary loves when Tom caresses her.
Mary became pregnant at the age of 14.
Mary got pregnant at age fourteen.
I don't speak Turkish.
The literal translation for the Spanish word "chupacabra" is "goat sucker."
Fear me, if you dare!
My armpits were sweating.
Mary has the biggest clitoris I've ever seen.
How do you feel during the period?
The most essential for our people are unity, interethnic consent, and political stability.
The camel can go a long time without water and food.
Pine is a resinous wood.
I began to speak.
Now, listen.
I'm sure I will find a way.
You are cleared for takeoff.
The draw for the final tournament took place on 2 December 2011 at the Ukraine Palace of Arts in Kiev, Ukraine.
Can you open the door for me?
I'm tired of writing.
I don't need anyone.
Do they remember me?
I don't know where to start.
I don't understand a word of what he says.
Literal translations don't work.
The cake I made was not eaten by you, it was eaten by your sister.
It was not you who ate the cake I made, it was your sister.
Our baby was born healthy.
I'm confused now.
Maybe it's too late.
Perhaps it's too late.
They do it each week.
Tom doesn't own a credit card.
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarden.
Nowadays, some kindergartens are carrying out bilingual teaching, and so all the children can speak a little English.
The teacher of the kindergarten told the pupils to respect, and cherish each other.
There is a kindergarten at the other end of the street.
She is a child-care worker in a kindergarten.
They send their child to a part-time nursery.
Teachers in kindergarten are sometimes referred to as leaders of children.
Many pictures are placed on Xiaoding's desk.
Renmei is waiting for Xueyou in the dorm.
Xueyou is looking at the new pictures Renmei took in Beijing.
Teacher Wang is drinking the Longjing tea (he) brought from China.
Xiaoding's father's name is written down on the envelope.
The little child drools whenever he hears of something delicious.
Two American students live in this dorm.
Xiaoding asked Teacher Lin while holding a picture: "Is this picture of you taken in the Beijing University Library?"
Kaikai is wearing blue clothes to go to the kindergarten.
Shihai is carrying a Chinese grammar book to go to Teacher Wang's place and ask questions.
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk.
Xueyou's hand is holding a map of Beijing.
When Xueyou came to see Teacher Lin, it was raining outside.
Xueyou is holding a map of China.
My neck is full of holes.
Gravity wins again!
My feet are cold.
The government doesn't invest much in education.
Julia gives a kiss to her daughter.
They can raise your rent.
He's a famous Japanese popstar.
Don't worry Mr. President: with gums that bad, I doubt she even HAS teeth.
Probate lawyers to the rescue!
I don't know what's going on here.
She said she had loved me.
They don't pay me attention.
He came rushing down the stairs.
Tom took a header down the stairs.
He went bump down the stairs.
What is good for you is good for me.
How much does he spend per month?
The girl sees the boy.
Many people only speaks one language.
I don't like to watch tv.
I like learning languages.
The man kisses the woman.
This is boring.
I don't sleep so much.
Who do you like the most?
I'm not sure.
It's hard.
Who do you love?
They are very old.
He does not know.
Tom gets off on that kind of thing.
My sister died last year.
Why didn't you tell me he was here? I had to know as soon as possible!
That doesn't make sense.
There was blood everywhere.
Mary was elected queen of the prom.
It's the logical thing to do.
Let's get this over with.
Deep Blue beat chess grandmaster Gary Kasparov in 1997.
There's no way to tell.
Tom said nothing.
At least, we finished the first part.
The chances of dying from falling airplane parts are 30 times greater than the chances of being killed by a shark.
Poe's Law is an axiom suggesting that it's difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish between parodies of religious or other fundamentalism and its genuine proponents, since they both seem equally insane.
Profound study of nature is the most fertile source of mathematical discoveries.
History does not repeat itself, but it does rhyme.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
I don't speak Ukrainian.
Failure gives me strength: my pain is my motivation.
Are you coming home for dinner tonight?
She isn't old enough to get a driving license.
The less I study, the greater my chance of failure.
What was it that brought you to me?
I believe example sentences are an integral aid for language learners.
This all sounds great.
What's your opinion about a transatlantic tunnel?
Dude, you're so dumb when it comes to women...
The bed linen changes every week.
I am planning to go to Europe next week.
Have you received the letter?
They love their children.
His story was published in a magazine.
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.
Why, of course, the people don't want war. Why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece. Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia nor in England nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood.
Let's listen to this cassette.
The lion is eating meat.
He has gone blind in both eyes.
This product has annual sales of about $80 million.
The sun is at the zenith.
I will wait outside.
I bought five metres of fabric in the shop.
I am used to living alone.
There is no progress without communication.
He went to school by car.
I don't know the word "impossible".
Hello, is anybody there?
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
Guohua knows many foreign students, there are Japanese, Koreans, French, as well as Americans.
Be quiet, he might hear us.
We sat at the table in silence.
Don't be quiet and say everything.
I don't like winter.
She asked us to be quiet.
My daughter has already returned from school.
When will your mum return from the hospital?
They are hurrying to return home.
My cat left the house and never returned.
Leave my house and never return.
Candies are not real food.
I don't remember her name.
Her daughter has a really pretty name.
The students ran out through the door.
Never open the door for him.
He opened the door of the car.
I've never seen a house without a door.
What's the colour of the door of her house?
He heard somebody say his name.
Where is my name written?
She wrote a new book.
He hastily wrote down our names.
She hastily ran to her room.
Somebody wrote my name on the wall.
His daughter hastily hid behind the yellow house.
Do they want to go anywhere?
Did you hear something?
Let's try to do something.
What's the point of writing something on the roof?
What's the point of driving anywhere?
He doesn't know the meaning of life.
There's no point for me to go to school.
He's a very healthy person.
My parents are healthy.
The students didn't want to tell anything to their parents.
He doesn't look very healthy.
I forgot to write to my parents.
They'd like to be healthy.
I'd like to see my parents.
My daughter would like to eat some candies.
She'd like to find the purpose of life.
Would you like to eat some fried potatoes?
We ate some fried meat.
Her daughter fried the meat.
I don't like fried food.
He likes to live in that place.
She didn't like that place.
Return to your seat.
Do you know where he could have hidden his money?
Is this a good place to plant a tree?
Those two will always be together.
Do you see me?
Do you want to go with me?
He doesn't see the point in life.
Your parents haven't seen you for a long time.
She saw my name written on the wall.
Where could I see you?
They drove back to the hospital.
We all returned home.
We all found a good place to eat.
She's walking back to the store where she forgot her money.
His daughter ran back to her room.
Look back and you'll see a black cat.
He's not looking at the book.
She's looking but she doesn't see anything.
The cat is sitting on the chair and looking at the meat that's lying on the kitchen table.
Never look back.
I don't know where I should look.
She opened a new store.
He doesn't want to open the car.
When will that new school open?
Don't forget to open the window in your room.
He looked through the window.
My cat likes to look through the window.
I saw a car through the window.
Don't stand next to the window.
Leave the food on the table.
She left her dog in my room.
We're hurrying to the hospital.
Students are hurrying to school.
She's never in a hurry.
Why can't you hurry?
I'm hurrying to learn how to cook.
Who ate all of our food?
Go to the store and buy us some food.
Bring me some food from the kitchen.
I don't remember where I left my car.
He left the money at home.
He had to leave his cat at home.
You have to go to the hospital.
You have to look good today.
She's running from home.
My cat is running around the room.
Her dogs were running around the house.
They ran away from school.
Somebody has to talk.
It's not nice to talk like that.
This word is really beautiful.
She's very pretty.
They live in a very beautiful house.
I find her very pretty.
What an ugly cat.
What ugly hair.
Listen while I talk.
She told me that I'll have to run from him.
If you want to run, then run.
She saw somebody waiting for her next to the school.
Somebody told her the whole truth.
Somebody has to hurry and quickly drive her to the hospital.
Somebody brought them a new carpet.
Cats can't learn to speak.
How can she speak that fast?
She forgot to stop next to my house.
Today, you have listen to what I'm telling you.
The students didn't listen to her story.
When she comes here, tell her that I forgot to bring the books.
What will we do when she finds us?
When I came to the school, there was nobody there anymore.
When he had no money, he couldn't buy any bread.
I don't see the appeal.
Tom got shot in the head by a sniper.
What a blunder!
It was the most painful thing in my life.
What are your thoughts on this?
It's very easy to use.
Do you enjoy living like this?
All the characters of this comic are girls.
He forgot the umbrella in the bus.
He is my go-to guy.
I think I'm pregnant! said the woman.
Do you have vaginal discharge?
DIY.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
We began to build the house two months ago and we'll end it within a year.
"That's why I've come later." "I see"
He was walking to the store, but stopped next to her house.
A black car stopped next to the hospital.
Why did you stop then?
Stop next to the school.
I wasn't here then.
She's trying to repaint her house.
I've never tried driving a car.
Did you try to listen to her?
He tried to sleep on the floor.
We made an attempt to climb up a tree.
Try to drive there on your own.
My daughter studies in that school.
Her daughter is very pretty.
His daughter ran to the store and bought some candies.
Your daughter overheard us talking.
These candies are too sweet.
Why does your daughter dislike candies?
Their daughter studies in that school.
We ate all the candies we found in her room.
The itching appeared several hours after a meal.
The law is equal for all.
I forbid you smoking!
Viviana has important issues to discuss.
We have important issues to discuss.
I wish I had a voice like his!
There is a sleuth under us.
Flies have a keen sense of smell for decaying matter.
I own one cat.
There's one cup on the table.
There's one small cat hiding behind the car.
She ate one apple.
There's one black cat sleeping on the yellow chair.
Do you know where she bought herself a cat?
There's one cup of warm water on the table.
I need only one cat.
He wants only one cup of tea.
Why did you buy only one banana?
They have only one blanket.
That apple was really tasty.
That cat really was blue.
They really slept on the floor.
I really don't need help.
They need your help.
Two cats climbed up on a chair.
He climbed into his car.
You are not allowed to climb into his car.
A dog can't climb up a wall.
That cat needs help to climb off a table.
Her cat climbed off my bed.
Your cat doesn't want to climb off my desk.
His cat climbed up on the kitchen table and found some tasty meat.
Her cat was lying on my pillow and didn't want to come off it.
Maybe you'd like to drink some tea?
Would you like to drink some tea?
Maybe she really doesn't have a room of her own?
Maybe the cat is hiding under the bed?
Maybe you know where my books are?
I know that her bread will be tasty.
Maybe she really won't be there?
Those cats always sleep on the carpet.
Does he know where those cats hid themselves?
Those students really can't read.
My students are learning to drive.
That student lives in that room.
Your students don't like me.
All her students really love to read books.
She has many dogs.
There are many black cats hiding under the bed.
They have many students.
She told me a lot about you.
We ate a whole load of apples.
Tell her to not look for me.
You don't know what he told me.
She never told me she had a cat.
I don't want to read anything.
What is he saying?
It's very cold in my house.
I think that she doesn't want to eat any more.
He thinks that you need to sleep more.
She doesn't find meat tasty.
Do you think that we'll find her house?
Which house is his?
Which cat is yours?
Do you know which book she wants to read?
Tell me which bread you want to eat.
There are many people living in this house.
Those people didn't tell us anything about you.
Not all people like dogs.
What did she teach you?
My house doesn't have a roof.
Why aren't you liked here?
Why are you disliked here?
She doesn't know where to look for him.
Look for my cat under the bed.
I looked for my cup, but didn't find it.
What are you looking for there?
What do you need so many cats for?
Why do you have so many cats?
Do you really need one more dog?
We need more sugar.
She needs to sleep more.
Your cat needs to eat more.
Give that cat to us.
Can you give that chair to her?
Give me your book.
We love trees.
She's standing next to the yellow house.
This house is not mine.
I found him sleeping in his house.
Give the cat some meat.
She'll give one more carpet to me.
My mum has three dogs.
They already have three cats, they don't need another one.
Can you climb up that tree?
The grey cat can't climb off the tree.
Is your car next to her house?
I never looked for you.
He's now looking for her in my house.
Why are those people climbing up on the roof?
He's now making a table for me.
I made this chair.
Why did you climb up on the roof of her house?
All her cats are sitting on the roof of the car.
What did she drink?
He doesn't want to study today.
My students are always studying.
Today, she doesn't need to study any more.
Today, I'll make some salad for myself on my own.
He writes a letter.
That wasn't the truth.
She never found out the truth.
Your cat is hiding from me.
She's hiding the truth from us.
Is this the real truth?
He doesn't know if that tree is real.
We're going to the kitchen.
Don't do anything until I come.
Go and stand next to your car.
The students don't have to go to school today.
I don't like my school.
They never studied in school.
You can't bring your cat to school.
Why can he never do anything?
We slept on a very long bed.
If you don't like this carpet, then give it away to him.
If you don't want to eat potatoes, then sit hungry.
If you don't go to school, then you won't learn anything.
I'm looking for a good word.
He didn't say a word to me.
Can you make a tasty salad?
He likes to eat salad with meat.
Wolves don't eat salad.
Do you know how to bake bread?
Nobody ever found her cat.
Kate has become a full member of the royal family.
A senior royal told CNN that the Duchess of Cambridge has fulfilled all of her objectives one year after marrying Prince William and has become a "full member" of the British monarchy.
St James Palace represents her, William and his brother Harry, and now regards her "induction" as complete.
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "fulfilled" by her achievements over the last twelve months.
It is no good to you.
Before Kate was married last year, some expressed concerns that as she was born a commoner, she would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye.
Her smooth entry into the ranks of the royal family will help to dispel these fears.
This company is indifferent to the safety of its workers.
We need to cut costs.
Tom plunged to his death.
You're a jolly good feller.
You're a mighty good feller.
He's a smart little feller.
I don't believe one word of it.
Tom's arm had to be amputated.
Something is very wrong.
A few people were killed in the car accident.
He's my best friend. It's like we are brothers.
I knew that.
The results of our opinion poll permit some interesting conclusions.
"That's why I've come late." "I see"
We managed to make him understand it.
Anyway, three against one is unfair.
I take back everything I said.
The Chinese language is full of idioms that are commonly used in texts of different genres as an erudite style of writing.
A good mastery of these idiomatic expressions and skillful use of them in writing essays.
Younger brother is making a phone call.
Who is watching TV?
Who is watching the movie?
He is reading the newspaper.
Daddy is writing Chinese characters.
Ding is playing on computer.
He can speak Chinese.
Is she a Chinese person?
Do they sell tangerines?
Are airplane tickets expensive?
Zhao Meiling is very smart.
Suzhou is very beautiful.
What book is this?
What is this vase made of?
What are your earrings made of?
Today it is cloudy.
Yesterday was very humid and hot.
That bad person was arrested.
Their house was burned down by fire.
He was fired by the school.
The policeman didn't tow your car away.
Don’t let your friend cheat you.
We shouldn’t let other people know what we did.
My money was stolen by a thief.
The Mandarin passive is used under the following circumstances.
Our secret was discovered by the government.
The trees here were all cut down by people.
The bank was robbed yesterday.
My daughter was cheated.
The professor was criticized by the students.
The professor now allows the students to criticize.
Mom let the children eat cookies.
A friend sent the fruit as a gift.
Agent is always assigned to the subject.
He confessed the fact.
You should stand up to speak.
Stand up.
He thinks he's so great.
If we let those bastards get dug in now, we'll have to level the building.
My intervention on your behalf is the only reason you still have a job.
I hear foetal heart sounds.
My grandfather was a miller.
Decide if being formal or informal before starting to write.
Let's do some exploring together.
Why do you always have to overcomplicate things?
She has no fear.
He has no fear.
What newspaper do you read?
I can't send my word.
From here on out things are going to change, for the worse.
I'm proud to have him as a friend.
If I knew you better, perhaps I would have let you in.
It's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent.
I wish you could pass this pain you're feeling onto me.
You deserve more than that.
Pedophilia is a crime.
Paedophilia is a crime.
I missed you today.
The photographs are the same.
Medical science can save lives.
Caution, the doors are now closing!
There are some technical difficulties.
There was a fly.
He wouldn't hurt a fly.
He wouldn't harm a fly.
She wouldn't hurt a fly.
She wouldn't harm a fly.
It wouldn't hurt a fly.
It wouldn't harm a fly.
I still have some doubts.
Which type of player are you?
Which kind of player are you?
I was afraid that it might hurt her feelings.
Today is a special holiday!
You will surely get over it!
It's a matter of time.
Tomorrow I have my German oral exam which I'm not too bothered about. On Thursday however, I have my maths exam on ring theory which I'm dreading.
Looks like it ended once and for all.
It seems like this time it's for good.
If you're happy, it's best to just leave things how they are.
I have a dentist appointment.
The discussions are ongoing.
The discussions are still in progress.
I prefer to stay out of the middle of this.
Withdraw your remarks!
English deformed several words of French.
I suggest you put that weapon down.
I don't trust this Tatoeba group.
My records show nothing of interest out there.
Leave me out of this!
My grandfather, who has an old-fashioned attitude, complains about how girls dress nowadays.
Little is known about Pluto.
He spoke well of his son.
The goods will only be available to buy next weekend.
This run of good luck won't last forever.
This lucky streak won't last forever.
He got the runs in Mexico.
Suicide is an act of revenge against yourself, and I personally have nothing against myself.
I will get revenge for this insult, you can be sure of that!
There's nothing worse than the revenge of a spurned woman.
Revenge is sweet.
The role of politics is not to avenge what has happened, but to ensure that it doesn't happen again.
Get away from here!
Sometimes, in the still of the night, I imagine how much better the world could be if everyone learned Esperanto.
I broke open the door because I had lost the key.
Do you have a house in Italy?
My daughter is a communicative and inquisitive girl.
I propose to investigate the vegetation of the island in great detail.
A prayer is one way to appeal to a deity.
The vise is closing again.
Everyone in my family is happy.
I used to live in Bydgoszcz.
I lived in Bydgoszcz.
Leicester is a city in the East Midlands.
I like watermelon.
I am going.
Does anyone know what it means to die of thirst in front of the sea?
This can be found in any dictionary.
The man was banging a blow-up doll.
This is even worse!
He is an albino.
He's an albino.
What are your reflections on this issue?
So many people spend their valuable time in vain.
Oops, I farted again!
Paul jumped everywhere, delighted to have won.
In order to bang a blow-up doll, you shouldn't have too sharp a dick.
Mistreated by his owner, this dog was a sad thing to see.
You've been spotted.
I don't waste ammunition.
I don't waste rounds.
Some people talk too much and do too little.
I wish there were more hours in the day.
You always deserved to get good grades.
He threatened me, but I wasn't scared.
He threatened me, but I didn't get scared.
We've never seen anything like it.
I've dropped a bomb on Moscow.
It was me who killed Kennedy.
She simply cannot keep her mouth shut, not even for a second.
But CNN has learned that, due to her husband's guidance, Kate feels she has already adapted to her new life.
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
They are often together, and go to the opera or visit art galleries.
They get on well together.
In the documentary, CNN explores how the royal family has supported their latest member as she finds her feet.
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March.
The Queen has gone to a lot of trouble for the Duchess.
When they were in Leicester it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship.
She has achieved her goals.
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion.
It doesn’t matter whether he will stay with us or leave.
It is important that we build up our health.
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power.
He was injured in the leg.
A new classroom building was built in our institute last year.
He was considered very qualified for the job.
An old worker was found repairing machinery in the workshop.
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital.
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in 60 years.
They were given a hearty welcome.
The aggressors are bound to be defeated.
It’s clear that we’re going to the church.
We expressed the hope that they could go abroad again to study geography.
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery.
He was allowed to go swimming on condition that he be kept near the other boys.
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.
Can you produce any evidence that he was not at home that night?
The discovery that electric currents can be produced by magnetism is extremely important in the field of electricity.
Smith replied that he was sorry.
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others.
I feel that something is going to happen really soon.
I already sent an email to the Support department.
A vampire can paralyze people just by looking at them.
I was surprised, shocked even.
We took advantage of the day's nice weather to play tennis.
We spoke in a low voice to avoid waking up the baby.
We have to prevent such an accident from happening again.
That's why I don't approve of your plan.
The man wearing glasses is an old Chinese author.
He's the only survivor in the village.
Things are the same, but people have changed.
It's changed so much, there are some places I don't even recognise.
The city isn't the one I left six years ago.
In the darkness, she could hear him and his guests chatting and laughing.
We very much enjoyed the meal we had at her home last Sunday.
She likes all the dresses he bought for her, old and new.
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.
We felt full from eating the lobster and other seafood.
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd.
I waited for her for one hour.
He is not too old to do it.
Chinese is not too difficult to learn.
The change is too small to be observed.
An increase in the number of cars will affect the urban environment.
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.
She wrote down their name so as not to forget it.
It's national tell-a-lie day! And yes, I made that up.
She wrote down that person's name so as not to forget it.
I fucked lots of friends.
I don't think I want to see what a fly considers paradise.
I'm going to Korea and weat to eat good food.
It's already been 4 years since we met. How time flies.
It was a joke.
Him and me are cousins.
This is Ken. He loves his dog.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest building in the world.
A strong draft is getting in, close the door !
A strong draft is getting in, close the window !
You can buy the ticket from the vending machine too.
Please check the attached file.
In case something is not clear, please contact us.
With this cool autumn wind blowing, we can feel the change of season.
At last I finally arrived too.
It seems I made a mistake in the text message because I wrote it while transferring lines in the underground.
It seems I'll be late today too.
He translated this piece of writing on Zen Buddhism.
There is no stop between Suwon and Incheon.
You have to memorize this sentence.
The music is in balance with the structure of the movie.
The reason I'm saying this movie is good is that, not only is the artistic content good, the music is too.
The problem with this movie is that the violent scenes and the funny scenes are mixed together.
Who am I currently speaking to?
Starting is half the task.
How do you read this kanji?
Tanaka has said that he got up this morning around eight o'clock.
Who sings this song?
If there's a cheap kanji dictionary in Japan, I will buy it.
"That is an indiscrete question." - "There are no indiscrete questions, only indiscrete answers."
When he returned home, the kids were already asleep.
Some sicko chopper fucked up a lot of his friends.
May I ask you an indiscreet question?
Questions are never indiscreet. Answers sometimes are.
Is the patient prepared for surgery?
This surgery has a successful outcome.
There is little chance of success.
Only an immediate operation can save the patient's life.
The surgery is quite difficult.
Remove the bandage.
I think we're all a bit crazy.
She is powerful.
I'm not wasting rounds.
Love and desire are two different things; for not everything that is lovely is desired, nor everything desired worthy of one's love.
The books were so valuable that they were handled with the greatest care.
I speak from experience.
We're going to the cinema. Come with us.
I know which of these two girls you like.
Apparently, all this still doesn't work perfectly, but the system doesn't lack interest.
You have made the same mistake.
Take as many peaches as you want.
He had long hair.
She used margarine instead of butter.
Iron is used in shipbuilding.
Iron is used in ship construction.
Do you want another cup of tea?
There is nothing more important than friends.
I am from China.
I don't want to watch television this evening.
The river's water level has risen.
He gave me an apple.
I don't go to school.
Yesterday there was an earthquake.
The atmosphere mostly consists of nitrogen and oxygen.
The telephone rings, but nobody answers.
The telephone is ringing, but nobody is answering.
The African elephant has bigger ears than the Asian elephant.
You need to be more careful!
Tom began to worry about how he would pay for his son's education.
The tap is off.
I'm a tourist, too.
Unfortunately, I already have plans for that day.
I worry about your health.
Unfortunately, I don't have time today.
Have you decided?
This book is written in simple English, so it's easy to read.
Osaka is Japan's second biggest city.
Osaka is Japan's second largest city.
My German friend's name is Hans.
Would you like me to make coffee?
It is hot today.
Greta is going to the embassy.
Last year, we traveled to London.
For years I have been struggling to reduce the sloppiness in our office to a tolerable minimum.
Which drinks don't you like?
It seems to me that the pictures speak for themselves.
Performance and responsibility are not in their vocabulary; sloppiness comes as standard.
Alcohol damages the liver.
I know your names.
The moon doesn't have an atmosphere.
There is no doubt about his honesty.
That is an excellent idea!
Chris can't come to work tomorrow.
There are no doubts regarding his integrity.
Thanks. See you next time.
Spring has arrived. It's getting hotter each day.
I have no opponents.
There is enough room for everybody.
If the right moment comes, then act swiftly and boldly!
We shall have the ability to respond rapidly and decisively to terrorism directed against us wherever it occurs.
Will Israel attack Iran?
Will Iran attack Israel?
At that time, Google Translator didn't exist yet.
Even if I don't get a high salary, I'm not willing to quit this way of making a living.
We take particular pride in providing efficient solutions.
This is between you and me.
This stays between you and me.
Women feel that men are often very complicated.
The rich have many friends.
I understand the sentence, but I'm not able to translate it.
Metal cases are undoubtedly tougher, but much more expensive.
For whom have you brought the bone?
Let's all drink wine at work!
That tree grows next to her house.
There are three dogs sleeping on mum's carpet.
I gave my books to those people.
We don't have any potatoes any more.
Why does nobody eat my potatoes?
Nobody wants to look for my car.
I thought there was nobody in the kitchen.
Nobody lives with me.
I'll find my car on my own.
He had to look for his room by himself.
I told her what he was doing in her room.
What did he do to my meat?
Do you want to hear what that person said about you?
That person thinks that my cat lives on the tree.
What does she think about my car?
Today, he is not allowed to eat anything sweet.
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?
That person doesn't want to do anything.
He doesn't want to wait for you.
She'll have to wait for him.
He has to wait until I bring him some warm milk.
Wait until I'm done eating.
She'll wait until you climb off the tree.
Wait until I sit down.
We had to wait until she found a chair and sat down.
I'm waiting for her to climb into her car.
Students study in school.
Today she learnt how to find out the real truth.
He read a really long book today.
What word is this?
Today, we'll learn three new words.
They bought a new car.
Where is your new tablecloth?
He didn't say anything new.
I read four new books.
What do you need four cars for?
Is that car too small?
Her students study too much.
I'm too hungry to study.
This tea is too sweet.
Bring her a plate of salad.
Where is my plate?
Where can I find them?
I don't like this store.
She saw them next to your store.
What kind of help do you need?
I like the colour green.
What colour are her eyes?
I don't like to paint.
She's painting her room white.
Why did you paint this wall black?
Do you really have no home?
She wants to dye her hair red.
She has very long hair.
What's the colour of her hair?
His mum doesn't remember what she found in that room.
The students didn't remember what they read in that book.
I can't remember where I hid my money.
Bring all your money.
Where's your money?
You can't buy anything if you have no money.
Why aren't you helping me at all?
Did you see how big their house is?
He still remembers you.
She's already forgotten about you.
Have you already forgotten me?
All the students forgot to read that book.
I didn't say anything wrong.
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?
Do you know how many cats she has?
She doesn't remember how many plates we have to bring.
How many people do you know well?
You forgot to tell me about that book you read.
The hospital is next to the school.
Can you tell me where I can find a hospital?
I forgot to buy one pillow.
What does your car look like?
Her hair didn't look dyed.
Why are you always so evil?
We'll teach you how to read.
She forgot everything and can't remember anything.
If you don't want to go there, then we won't go there.
If you don't want to read, then don't read.
If that car wasn't black then what colour was it?
Where do you live if you have no home?
He can't remember where he lives at all.
My mum doesn't know him at all.
I don't like my hair at all.
I didn't ask him for anything.
Ask her to give us some money.
She asked for your help.
He's asking you to help him.
Mum asked me to buy her a new blanket.
Where did you find their cat?
You can procrastinate and play with the settings on the massage bed!
Today is Friday, May 18.
Cats don't like dogs.
The car is moving fast.
Did you buy some potatoes?
Is he still sleeping?
It's warm under the blanket.
She wants to drink some warm milk.
She's heating the water.
It's very warm in my room.
There are two cats hiding under her car.
I bought myself a small car.
Her room is very small.
There's some milk in the small cup.
There's no sugar in my tea.
I bought myself a dog.
We've never lived here.
She doesn't live here any more.
Why don't you eat meat any more?
They will never find us.
This cat is not ours.
He doesn't know anything.
Your room isn't empty any more.
His car was empty.
He's sitting at an empty table.
The cat climbed up the roof of my house by himself.
She can read very well.
This book is very good.
Those students are from a very good school.
Where did you learn to drive so well?
Why don't your students read that well?
This carpet is very long.
Why is he sitting there for so long?
Why did he have to wait for you for so long?
They've eaten too much salad today.
Give me four white plates.
Don't eat from this plate and don't drink from that cup.
Teach them how to make a salad.
She's driving them to school.
Can you drive them here?
She drove them there by car.
Drive me to the store.
This store isn't very big.
He's painting his house.
Do you know when he'll learn to drive?
Why did you repaint your house green?
When will we repaint her room?
He always drives his car too fast.
He bought me a very fast car.
Help me learn how to drive.
Do you know his mum?
Everybody knows her.
Do you remember that store?
He doesn't remember whether that room was empty or not.
She doesn't remember if his car was yellow or not.
That person doesn't have any money at all.
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.
I'll drive you to the new store.
I forgot where my school is.
If you've forgotten everything, then why do I remember everything?
We forgot to bring one plate.
She has one cat.
I don't know any of her students.
He knows me well.
How could I help you?
He doesn't know that I have a cat.
Do you have a table in your room?
Where did you take my blanket?
Why do you not want to tell him about her?
Why did your cats hide under the blanket?
I bought all the apples.
They all can drive.
All the apples are there.
There are two cats sleeping on the bed.
He hid behind the black car.
He's standing behind the wall.
Her bed is next to the wall.
This bag is not small.
He likes sweet tea.
I don't want to drink cold tea.
I've never drank milk with tea.
There's still some warm tea in my cup.
Your cup is on the table.
I want some tea without sugar.
Why didn't he buy a cup for himself?
We don't have any tea any more.
They don't have any sugar any more.
Why doesn't he have a car any more?
My cats aren't sleeping under the bed any more.
I don't drink milk with sugar any more.
There's nothing in my cup.
I don't have an empty cup.
Give your carpet to that person.
He didn't learn anything in school.
That room is very long.
They are waiting for you next to the long white house.
I bought four new tablecloths.
Buy four big potatoes for me.
Why is your cat so big?
He has large blue eyes.
When did she say those words?
When will you go to school?
When will we drive home?
When will we go home?
Her dog isn't very fast.
He never helps me out.
Why didn't she help you?
Help me find an empty room for myself.
I have to see it!
I'm sitting on a very small chair.
She's sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea.
He needs a cup of sugar.
Bring your cup to the kitchen.
That is not your cup.
They bought themselves some sugar.
Dentists examine teeth with x-rays.
It's already nighttime.
I have many Esperanto friends.
I have many Esperanto-speaking friends.
Some people try to explain the truth of the Bible through science.
In winter I like to eat chocolate.
The bread went hard.
Your English has improved considerably.
Look, calm down everyone and tell me: what happened?
The court judged that the witness committed perjury.
I hope I see it again.
He quit.
He resigned.
He spent three years in jail.
I'll never talk during class again.
Please follow the school rules.
She refuses to say more about it.
I was a child, I remember, my mother would rock me in the cradle.
What say you?
We both are friends.
Lions and tigers are called big cats.
It was the proudest moment of my life.
Despite the many tragedies she has had in life, she remains to have the pureness of her heart.
It was one of the quietest boats I've ever been on.
A raindrop splashed on her cheek.
I work.
Not trying is failing.
Sometimes I like a lie-in until noon on Sunday mornings.
I had been up all night trying to finish the presentation.
Please tell me when he arrives here.
All these apples are very sweet.
Why are you telling this to me now?
They are standing there and eating potato chips.
I did not learn everything I need to know in kindergarten.
You should not stay up too late.
The warranty for my TV is expired.
The cat is sleeping in a chair.
You realize it's very different?
I won't stake my reputation on it, but I think it's a genuine alien life form.
The little boy goes for a walk with his mother.
I would like to draw a tree.
This pasta is very healthy, in it you can find lots of vegetables!
It's just a fantasy.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Sunday.
Stay a while and listen.
Have you spoken with Tom yet?
You will know soon enough.
Third time's the charm.
Tom did a sloppy job.
I was caught with my pants down.
That's like a kick in the nuts.
Mary goaded Tom to do it.
Tom abandoned them.
The sanctity of this place has been fouled.
You are absolutely correct.
I felt the same way.
How may I serve you?
I do not fear death.
The king's son was kidnapped.
Prepare yourself.
It's hot down here.
It's always a pleasure to see you.
I can hardly believe it.
I must be getting close.
Please, don't kill me.
He served his king faithfully.
I am in your debt.
This does not bode well.
Does it offend you?
He's the king's most trusted advisor.
Tom is a traitor.
You are too late.
Do you want something?
We traveled together.
Greetings, stranger.
Maybe she can tell you more.
You have restored my faith in humanity.
I could do nothing.
Many were slain.
You must stop him.
I have misjudged you.
This is a great victory.
It is only suspicion so far.
But how are you going to decide what is important, and what isn't?
Everything matters.
I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to me relevant or not.
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but who, as a group, can meet and decide that nothing can be done.
All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it.
I didn't even see you once last year.
Why am I doing this you ask? Because I can.
Procrastinating is an art.
The hardest academic exam of my life is coming up. Fluid Mechanics.
He can speak and write French.
It's hard, but I'm going to make it!
One may live in a big house and yet have no comfort.
Where can I make a phone call?
Farewell, Cuba.
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.
There's plenty time for one more nap.
The Pacific Ocean alone covers an area larger than that of all continents put together.
The piston does not come into contact with the cylinder cover.
This truck has a maximum load of 5 tons.
I have received your letter and read it with delight.
I have received a letter from a friend.
The first electronic computer was produced in our country in 1941.
Beer is sold by the pint.
Milk is sold by the pint.
A square has four angles.
I'm not a poet; I couldn't write a single line to depict its beauty.
A goatherd drove his goats, all white with snow, into a deserted cave for shelter.
It was a stormy day, and the snow was falling fast.
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.
It's getting hotter and hotter.
When pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
The snow lay on the ground, frozen into a thick, hard crust.
The night was cold.
I'll spend all afternoon listening to music.
Where have you been all afternoon?
I'm just doing it for the dragon's blood.
Dragons are creatures long like snakes, winged like birds, and wise like man.
If not, how do you explain the acceleration?
I'm not used to be treated like that.
I'm beginning to recall.
I just saw a shooting star.
Just looking at her, you can see that she loves you.
You don't need to know everything, you just need to know where to search.
Ouch, nobody translates my sentences...
It's Christmas, and the sun is shining brilliantly.
He was caught stealing apples.
Once upon a time lived a king who had three daughters.
Our team is seeded in the ping-pong competition.
The China National Table Tennis Team had a month's closed training in winter.
His brave actions are worthy of a medal.
This room is too big.
You can buy yourself a dog in that store.
Wait for me next to that tree.
Tell her to help him.
Our new car is not very big.
I hold Mary in the basement and rape her every day.
Everyone is capable of learning a foreign language, but it's all much easier for those with talent.
It's very likely that the bus will be late. Why don't we call a taxi?
Have you ever done anything right?
Even if I wanted to, I could never explain what happened in there.
For corn's sake!
I told her not to let the rope go, but that's what she did.
After spending four years in jail, he was set free for good behaviour.
Ask at the police station over there.
What is your maiden name?
I was wrong, you were wrong, and both of us need to correct this mistake.
They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
He deserves six of the best for being so rude.
Whenever he moved, the wound sent pains all along his arm.
Take two aspirins for your headache.
The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain.
Be careful! There's a cow in the road!
I bought a dog for him.
He can't hear him.
Will you find me?
You are not allowed to leave here.
I like your cat, but she doesn't like me.
I need to find her.
I have to find her.
Who taught you that?
How did you find that book?
Take the cat to my room.
We would like to eat the lunch together.
My children are in school.
It's a skilful card player.
He stayed here for a short time.
We're under attack!
This will improve the performance.
We have added greater 64-bit server support.
That all you've got?
We at Tatoeba appreciate your cooperation.
People used to be afraid of the future. Today, it is the future that should be afraid of people.
Choose a good restaurant to go to eat at.
How do you calculate the volume of a cube?
People, like metal, only shine on the surface.
Children and drunks don't lie.
Tom embraces Marie.
Learning French is difficult.
This woman is very good looking.
It was only a nightmare.
All efforts have been unavailing.
I'm just doing my best.
In autumn, leaves change color and fall.
Termites are destroying the houses.
Have you ever been run over?
My favorite nonalcoholic drink is an avocado shake. Yum, it's so delicious!
Your threats don't scare me at all.
The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference.
I build houses out of stone.
How are you doing, miss?
No, I am English.
No kidding?
It was Sunday and I wasn't about to get up early.
His last play was a big hit.
There is no antidote for the venom of this snake.
Christmas is just two weeks away.
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.
Please hold my place in line.
Just the other day, with no time to send for help, many people lost their lives.
I'll miss you terribly if you leave Japan.
No, I'm English.
Is there any app for that?
You live freely if you don't have a reputation to lose.
Tuna quickly became Japanese food.
I don't like very long holidays.
That man is mulatto.
I'm mulatto.
I am mulatto.
Choose alternative questions.
Let me know the next time you will visit, so I can make some cookies, tea and coffee.
Did somebody hear something?
Did someone hear something?
Dreaming costs nothing.
It's a good camera.
"Are you Swedish?" "No, I'm Swiss."
He's got two cars.
He can do what he wants!
Finely chop an onion, some garlic and a chilli, and saute on a little oil until the onion is brown.
To be successful, you need to look like you're already successful.
Once you start dating the sleazy old professor, disillusionment sets in.
Avocados are the fruit of the avocado tree.
The eggs are still hot.
Call me Ismaël.
Kim is two years older than him.
It's the last one.
There was once a king who had three daughters.
Hey! Nobody is translating my sentences!
I like the rain and the snow.
I'm visiting my grandmother in hospital.
He's got a large family.
I like Korean cuisine.
I'll build a large building.
Please don't forget my name!
He's asleep.
Empowered, informed citizens are the scourge of any tyrant.
Who came to see us in Birmingham?
Anti-foreign sentiment is often stoked by the Chinese government in order to bolster cheap nationalism.
Take it down a notch, Bob.
You need to accept your role.
The guitar is so expensive that I can't afford it.
I want to write a book.
He made his will last year.
I know a good lawyer who can help you.
I love that you love me.
Fish is normally accompanied by white wine.
Could you send me your last catalogue, please?
A new bar has opened up near where I live. It's called "Wählbar", a German word. Funnily enough however, the staff can't pronounce it.
Why don't you give her some flowers?
She meant this gift for you.
If you want to earn money, America is the best.
I've never said such a stupid thing.
I'll have you committed.
He must be stopped at all costs.
Make haste.
This is a serious setback.
This is most unfortunate.
You will always be welcome.
Tom seems to know the way.
It goes in one ear and out the other.
I don't know how long it'll last.
You're new here, aren't you?
You must get going.
I must get going.
Thank you, my friend.
You have done well.
It is good to see you.
"An unfinished sentence" is a sentence unfinished.
Tom is the best at what he does.
I cleaned out the fridge.
I saw that you cleaned that nasty pot too!
The pot was mine.
I forgot about it again.
I was just gonna do it for you.
She painted a beautiful picture of her mother.
Mr Nakajima can, as well as English, speak fluent German.
Jehovah's Witnesses are known for their door-to-door preaching.
The tenant must pay the landlord the rent at the end of each month.
It's my horse.
Diving in the Philippines was incredible, but I'm excited to be heading back to Sydney now!
I apologize for being late.
How to say it?
We ought to go out tonight.
I've paid a little for that.
Nobody knows the future.
How about playing golf tomorrow?
Next week, I will probably read a book and watch TV.
My name's John.
I learned French, before going to Europe.
We have half a dozen eggs.
From space, the earth looks quite small.
I am sorry that I haven't written to you in such a long time.
How many times do I have to repeat that she isn't my friend?
Is this information correct?
I am looking for a book about medieval Spain.
Remember these rules.
He never breaks promises.
He never breaks his promises.
I have quit smoking and drinking.
It doesn't matter to me whether she lives in the city or in the countryside.
I don't understand why he didn't tell the truth.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
She brought me a cup of tea without sugar.
What colour is the car she bought herself?
What colour is the car which she bought for herself?
No one other than you knows how to make such a tasty salad.
The washing machine has broken down.
She cried and cried, but nobody came to comfort her.
This poor cat almost died of hunger.
Over my dead body!
This book is really old!
This coffee has a bitter taste.
Tom is doing everything he can to save money.
Tom is doing everything possible to save money.
She likes to go to the library.
She likes going to the library.
He found me a good place.
He found a good place for me.
Quiet!
I bought a return ticket.
The last Russian Emperor, Nicholas II (Nikolay Alexandrovich Romanov), was born 144 years ago (in 1868).
You are the only one who can help me.
Mary is a strong woman.
The next morning, he was gone.
Don't believe him!
Tom did this to me.
There are 150 museums in Kazakhstan.
You deserve a medal.
No, I am an Englishman.
I don't know any of those three.
I don't know anything about potatoes.
Her room has red walls.
The walls of my room are green.
I found her cat in an empty room.
All of your cats are grey.
There is nothing here.
He has two cars.
Sugar is sweet.
There are many parks in London.
She is buying a toy for her child.
I have the dictionary.
Is this bike yours?
We were playing in the park.
Some boys are swimming in the sea.
Tom giggled like a schoolgirl.
Look at what Mary is doing.
Tom likes Bloody Marys.
The barbells are heavy.
We finally did it.
Tom and Mary moved into their new house.
Tom worked day and night.
You've got the wrong person.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
He's just trying to be popular.
The Persian Gulf is located between Iran (Persia) and the Arabian Peninsula.
Iranian people strongly believe in the Persian character of the Persian Gulf.
Persian Gulf is an element of historical identity of Iranian People.
I came to kill him.
Take the chair to your room.
The reconciliation report was issued in violation of the legislative requirements.
I don't like chocolate.
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.
No pain no gain.
All good things come to an end.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
This isn't going to end well!
There is no point in deluding yourself; you know it well that she's just playing games with you.
You don’t have to reinvent the wheel; it already exists.
Please take that baggage to the post office.
He never saw his parents again.
The whole country was buried under snow.
I go for a walk every morning.
Are you tired of living?
Don't you recognize me?
You sent me your photo.
One of my suitcases is large, and the other one is medium.
My gloves are size medium.
Get me one in size m please.
A large or medium-sized one?
You only need a medium size.
He worked as a diplomat for many years.
My nail has broken.
The door handle is broken.
You don’t need to have to fear, because the god, about which they talk, doesn’t exist; and if they tell you, it would still exist, then they are either wrong or they use the word “exist” with a different meaning and thereby just make a point about themselves.
It keeps raining.
The time has come.
It's very difficult to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Could you please refrain from interrupting me constantly!
The match was stopped due to a thunderstorm.
They've sold their house and car in preparation for leaving the country.
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
Need they have sold the farm?
I think Tatoeba is slow today.
How do you learn Esperanto?
How do you study Esperanto?
I thought your house was downtown.
The story continues.
I see the book.
Kate was obliged to read the book.
This is my brainchild.
I appreciate your answering my enquiry so promptly.
I apologize for the delay in replying.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction.
Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
I would like to thank you in advance for the information.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
Let's be frank in this question.
Bill Gates is the founder of Microsoft.
I have no more ideas.
I don't have any more ideas.
Without air we would die.
Where art thou?
He does nothing but cry.
I got out straight after getting my century because I was being too complacent. I let my team down.
Mars was a desert for many centuries of human colonization until terraforming was developed.
Martian colonists initially opted to build habitats underground and in domed enclosures.
There is evidence that water was abundant on Mars eons ago.
Faster-than-light, aka superluminal, space travel was not discovered until centuries later.
The first centuries of superluminal space exploration proved that neighbouring space was mostly desert as other life discovered was in a primordial state.
Theorists theorized that lifeforms far advanced of humanity may be hidden from view.
My expertise at the Space Academy was astrobiology, aka exobiology.
We'll take lunch at noon.
I will go to Australia by train.
Like a chook with its head cut off.
Like a headless chicken.
Aardvarks are amazing! They can dig and hide in the dirt in less than one minute!
Without music, the world is a valley of tears.
I always try, when I'm translating sentences, to make the translation as similar as possible to the original sentence. Since this makes the language learning much easier for the non-native speakers.
Religions are the biggest lie ever told.
Pollution problems on Earth necessitated finding homes outside of Earth.
Environmental engineers on Earth were hard at work as they tried to clean up global pollution.
Mars was the safest bet for human colonization.
Industries increasingly became geared for outer space.
On Earth, policymakers decried the "all-in-one-basket" doctrine of the Earth Is Our Home Society.
He talked about her illness.
Space exploration of the Solar System for the first few centuries was full of trial and error.
A cost-effective way to explore the Solar System was to send thousands of robotic probes to scour celestial bodies for data.
Centuries later, there were "lighthouse" outposts as far as Pluto and its moon Charon.
Some religious groups set up gigantic generational ships that travelled many years away from the Solar System to distant stars.
Certain industries advocated creating megastructures in space for habitation with artificial gravity.
Centuries later, there were more humans in outer space than there were on Earth.
During centuries of space exploration, there were strange, unexplained anomalies that were linked to possible nonhuman sentient life.
Space explorers were not without religion.
He is washing your car.
We are learning Spanish.
I have acrophobia.
We two know that you two lie.
Last night I puked.
The snail draws in its feelers.
The snail drew in its feelers.
A snail's shell is spiral in form.
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails.
Snails have been eating our lettuces.
The snail retreated into its shell.
The cave was toward a torrent.
What's the best advice you've received?
Don't fry bacon naked!
Don't pee on an electric fence.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Pierre, come here!
This place is open to everybody.
That place is open to everybody.
All lawyers are liars.
Time was running out for the Earthlings as their planetary environment was in decay. Space travel became a necessity.
An enormous space station oribiting around Jupiter overlooked the rainbow stripes of the gas giant.
Was Venus, a desert planet with thick clouds of sulfuric acid, foretelling the future of Earth?
Venus is like Hell. The oven-like surface temperature hovers over 450 degrees Celsius.
Environmental pollution triggered climatic changes all over Earth.
Terraformers wanted to modify the Venusian atmosphere, so that some day it may support life.
Venus is only slightly smaller than the Earth and Mars is bigger than half of Earth.
Now I'm here with you.
The surface gravity on Mars is more than a third of Earth's.
Every Esperantist should write sentences here.
For centuries, it was thought that Venus could not be habitable without terraforming.
That woman knows where I live.
It seems that Tony bought an expensive car.
Your god—where is He now?
It is an ancient midden, presently an archaeological treasury.
I don't have the time to read this book.
I don't have the time to read that book.
There's something wrong with this yoghurt.
Here's a basket full of fruit.
If I knew how to use a computer, maybe they would pay me more.
He knows ten languages.
When his daughter was born, he had already been living in Nagano for seven years.
Two women sing.
Tom craves attention.
Things got weird.
Tom was livid.
All of the tree's leaves turned yellow.
They're dragging their heels.
My daughter is getting married in June.
My daughter will get married in June.
Mary is a woman of dubious virtue.
They didn't know what to do with him.
The country is headed on the wrong track.
The country is heading in the right direction.
This rule can be read in two different ways.
He discussed the problem with his son.
Whoever doesn't know a foreign language doesn't know their own.
Can it really be this bad?
At low temperatures, water turns to ice.
This book costs 4 dollars.
If I was your boyfriend, I never let you go.
Do you know why he wasn't at school?
Ken is a good swimmer.
She heard someone calling for help.
He is a true gentleman.
I work as a consultant.
We had no drinking water.
We had no potable water.
They say there are ghosts in this old house.
My grandfather cannot walk without a walking stick.
Her house was sold for ten thousand dollars.
He's poor, but he has a good soul.
Tom fell in love with Linda.
I always get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
I get up at 6 o'clock every morning.
They try to offer something for everyone.
The wide range of products on offer really means that there is something for everyone.
That's a long way to go for work!
We didn't understand anything you said.
I wonder where that child went.
As I thought, it seems to have been an impolite question.
Ann has lots of friends.
A "soroban" is a type of Japanese abacus.
Farmers are very busy during the harvest.
You don't understand how fortunate the country you live in is.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season.
I feel like holding hands now would be incredibly boorish.
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls.
The cut is no longer weeping and is starting to heal.
They watched her gradually weaken as the disease progressed.
His hopes faded.
His visits became less frequent as time passed.
"Why me?" "Because, by process of elimination, there was no other choice."
Let's get along.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
She has always repeated that she is innocent.
The Mongolian dinosaur was sold in New York for a million dollars.
This proposition is demonstratively false.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
You had better invite them or they will be offended.
He isn't supposed to come here.
The earrings are very pretty.
Justin is feminine.
I want a room with a shower.
Ken can swim well.
I spent my vacation in a foreign country.
I want to see everything!
The stakes are high.
It's a tempest in a teapot.
Tom got special treatment.
He was dead wrong.
There's blood in the water.
This would be a mistake.
It was just the beginning.
Tom worked all night.
Tom is an autodidact.
Good to see you, Tom.
We are puppets to the gods.
Tom is deranged.
Tom is a Luddite.
There's not enough water.
That's beautiful. I love it.
Tom didn't tell everyone.
It was a complete clusterfuck.
They do not understand how mobile phones work.
Your shirt is iridescent!
I would truly appreciate your kind understanding of my reasons.
Tom is tolerant.
Again?
I have the master key.
I don't know what we will do.
I'll stay for three months in Paris.
I did the job in three days.
We can go now.
He did the work in two days.
Tom has never done anything like this before.
Tom stole his father's car.
Tom joined the Army.
Tom got her pregnant.
It didn't take you long to get here.
Mary sings in the church choir.
Tom is a fakir.
Tom is a fire swallower.
Tom is a fire eater.
Tom is sitting by the campfire.
Tom was elected class president.
Tom has not slept for two days.
The suspect is armed and dangerous.
Tom is the happiest person in the world right now.
Jakov's mother gave birth to a most creative and positive being.
I wanna destroy YouTube.
YouTube is a scam site.
YouTube is the source of fame of brand new stupid singers like Justin Bieber.
Is hacking youtube a crime?
Tagalog has artistic value, like a carved Pacific Islander statue, Mr. and Mrs. Matsuo opine.
The end of something is not necessarily the "butt"; it could be the "tail" or the "feet."
The strange man in the strange land says that the future of the world is the Philippines.
Whether I be rich or poor, intelligent or stupid, I have nothing to prove to you.
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.
The doctor recommended that he take the purple pill.
The Anglophones always complained about the vowels /a e i o u/ in artificial languages. Those sounds are used because most other sounds other people cannot pronounce.
Lojban has six vowels, /a e i o u ə/ written <a e i o u y>. The last vowel is all you need for the "marshmallow effect."
Anglophones cannot pronounce the last vowel in "Volapük."
I have a Carioca accent when I speak Portuguese.
If you thought that we were "on a little planet with little peoples," you would not want to propagandize anything.
Some things are said at the end for emphasis.
He said that speaking Chinese is like eating pineapple. It makes him itchy all over.
The Earth is just a little island and we are little islanders.
In his science fiction story, everyone in China speaks Esperanto at least as a second language.
His wife is a Frenchwoman.
After breakfast, we went for a walk.
It's not possible to do two things at once.
When did you begin learning English?
When did you begin to learn English?
There is a church at the back of my house.
Suddenly it began to rain.
Tomorrow, I'm going to take my mother out in the new car.
Where is the girl studying?
He's going to climb the ladder.
She's going to buy the red sweater.
She's going to sit on the yellow couch.
I hope you have fun.
The mirror is on top of the dresser.
Inside the closet are some clothes.
There's a red candle on top of the bathroom sink.
There's a lot of dirty dishes in the sink.
No one would offer him a job.
Tatoeba was down yesterday.
The voice acting is horrible.
yeaa I know it's random, but my douchebag ex cheated on ME so i'm on a manhunt hehe... I found your username on a hotmail directory, I'm Gabby, you are?
It's pretty incredible.
Frito – Fried. Salado – Salted. When I first arrived in Medellin, everyone wanted to know what I was finding to eat. So I posted about the fruit, but though important, it’s only
Accidents happen.
Tom had to wear a dunce cap.
Tom had a panic attack.
Tom began coughing up blood.
Tom fell and scraped his knee.
The kids are playing dodgeball.
Is this seat free?
Excuse me but, would you mind if I opened the window?
I would like to check yesterday's stock prices...
Have you rode on an express train lately?
Have you been on an express train recently?
How many brothers do you have? How many sisters do you have?
Are there still some empty seats?
Mr. Tanaka, do you have any stock?
Are any seats still available?
Are you free on Wednesday?
It's a pretty smart decision.
I have work on Wednesday.
Such things happen all the time.
Tom is running around like a headless chicken.
Have you played Minecraft?
Where's the catch?
Is he just a one-trick pony?
Tom is claustrophobic.
Mary is fascinating and mysterious.
I'd need a whole eternity to explain everything.
The effectiveness of this method was confirmed by the experiences of many people.
The effectiveness of this method was confirmed by many people's experiences.
The plot twists were predictable.
You're not the only one.
None of this makes any sense to me.
I won't tell you.
You will never defeat me!
Mary works in a massage parlor.
That's a famous mountain.
Drugs can ruin your life.
Tom is wearing suspenders.
Tom is wearing braces.
Mary has braces.
They don't really care.
Tom vomited blood.
They need to change their mindset.
Tom has dual citizenship.
I'm still riveted by day-long sports.
That way if there are any fire drills in the morning I can deal with before the call.
I never laid a finger on her.
My parents know about it.
You get used to it.
Don't ask too many questions.
Why are you so insecure?
Tom loves horses.
We went there for a week.
There is no going back.
Tell that person where my house is.
You yourself need to learn how to drive a car.
She read all my books on her own.
She read all my books by herself.
You guys suck.
The damage has been done.
Tom is just warming up.
Tom has been embezzling money from the company.
Do you have any idea why Tom disappeared?
Tom is rather weak.
Mary is a pole dancer.
Yes, I really like him.
Tom respects his elders.
Tom is a kind and obedient man.
Women seem to like him for some reason.
Tom is a heavy drinker.
Hello? Are you still there?
Nowadays, few ordinary city dwellers ever use the word "wattle".
She wants you to learn how to read.
Now it's time for the weather forecast.
As it got colder, I began to want a sweater.
If I had the money, I would immediately purchase this computer.
Before long, it'll be cold again.
In that country, people thought that Market Capitalism was the natural order.
In that country, people worshipped money like a god.
Today, Tokyo will get very cold.
He always feels cold because he does not have enough fatty layering on his body.
The weather will be clear, followed by clouds later on.
He said that he had Eskimo ancestry.
He loved looking at grey sky with the sun peeking through the thick clouds.
They said that he was a talkative, noisy Oriental.
They made money by selling drugs into the huge market.
Depending on your location, there's a chance of snow.
The profit from drugs they used for buying lots of real estate.
He advocated State Capitalism over Market Capitalism.
Money is everybody's problem in a Market Capitalistic economy.
The family never had enough money for vacations.
The family tried to save money by scrimping on food to the detriment of their own health.
She said that her life was so boring. It figures because all she did was watch TV all day.
He murders English.
He speaks English like a Spanish cow.
To work in medicine, you should have a vocation on it.
The farmers had brought five oxen and nine cows and twelve little sheep to the village; they wanted to sell them.
Today the people are all out in the field mowing.
Go ahead, the brown dog won't do you any harm.
I drove back there with the people, over the meadow into the grain.
The words 'small' and 'little' are synonyms.
What kind of little birds are sitting up there on the little wall?
Our neighbor has broken a rib.
That looked bad.
Now he's standing right in the doorway and wants to go in the church.
We still have to turn the hay and chop wood.
Our ladder is broken in two.
I can't lift the sack either.
Girl, come forward!
We still have to look for the hook.
I'll light your way home for you.
Mary considered herself unworthy of the affection Tom offered her.
I speak only the truth.
The lovers exchanged numerous letters.
When the lion roars, the zebras tremble.
"I have a very sweet husband," said Mary.
The poor rabbit, terrified, whimpered in the hands of its owner.
Elephants trumpet when they are scared and when they are angry.
My cat purrs with pleasure when I pet it.
In a scary scene, it never fails that there is either an owl hooting or wolves howling under the full moon.
The pig snorted while rooting around in search of truffles.
Peter succeeded in finding the lost sheep thanks to its bleating.
At sunset, the crickets begin to chirp and the fireflies light up the night.
The prancing chestnut mare neighed as she tried to get rid of the rider.
The prancing chestnut mare whinnied as she tried to get rid of the rider.
On Saturday I went to the zoo, and a monkey, who wouldn't stop screeching, pulled my hair.
The rooster crows, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" in the morning.
The cock crows, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" in the morning.
The buzzing of the bees makes me a little nervous.
A fish bone has stuck in my throat.
I hear the storks clacking from up in the belfry.
If a wife commands, a house knows no order.
Where a woman rules, bad is the end.
I have a bowl of cereal every morning.
Go and help wash up at the sink!
Mathematics is that branch of science which you could continue to pursue, even if you were to get up in the morning and notice that the universe had disappeared.
It's even worse than it looks.
I want to dedicate this song to Tom.
I saw Tom in concert four times.
Tom was homeschooled.
Mary has no self-esteem.
He wants to reach a wider audience.
This time you went too far.
How did we reach this point?
Mary is smart and funny.
Mary has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen.
Do you have something for me?
I want to dedicate this song to him.
She has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen.
She has no self-esteem.
No, my name is not Maria. My name is Teresa.
They stood on the hilltop.
Now the ball is in your court!
Now let's see what you can do!
The ground rocked.
Searing pain bit through skin and muscle.
Then, she lost consciousness.
My dream is to be fluent in Chinese.
The other day I met my former neighbour in the city.
He said that Esperanto was a "Japanesque Latinate language."
State Capitalism could be democratic or authoritarian.
He believed the superstition that Christians were averse to learning.
Yesterday I dreamt everything was words.
Join the ends and we're done.
I have to peel a whole bucket of apples for a jam.
The devil is in the details.
He is wealthy, but his older embroidery is poor.
My granny spoke longingly of the halcyon days of her childhood.
She never told anyone about her secret longings.
Tom is a hero.
Tom is a firefighter.
Tom rescued the cat from the flames.
Tom is a rebel.
Tom lives in a squat.
Always arrive on time.
It makes me nervous.
I like dragon fruit.
Tom has to share a room with his brother.
Stop bugging me!
Tom is playing frisbee.
Disconnect the plug.
Guess what's going to happen if you unplug that wire.
It brings me great joy.
Everything's fine.
Weigongcun subway station has three exits.
Anteaters and aardvarks are similar.
Aardvarks are normally confused with anteaters.
I used to think that only bears hibernate, but the teacher said that turtles do as well.
It's wonderful that we're all gathered here today.
You don't eat anything.
Where's my other shoe?
Where's my other sock?
He's English.
I put the washing powder behind the bathtub.
Don't make a face like that.
Don't make that expression.
What do you think is the chance that that will happen?
I feel unwell.
One of the bullets damaged his spine.
It's lucky that his parents are so equable.
It's fairly mild for this time of year.
They traveled together.
The storm sent the temperature down.
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.
There was a drop in temperature after the rain.
Even after sunset there was little moderation in the temperature.
A large quantity of air-conditioners has been sold since the temperature is high.
The temperature has stayed hot this week.
"What would you like to drink?" "A dry martini."
She got the ticket for free.
You need to talk to Tom.
His English is better than mine.
It's dark in here.
We went to the video store.
Tom lives in a rough neighborhood.
It made me laugh out loud.
I laughed out loud.
We're being watched.
Please move back.
Nobody's perfect.
We all have our faults.
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world, in which one person whispers a message to another, which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
Our memory is like a sieve, as we forget almost half of what we have learned within the first twenty minutes.
You can improve your learning results by repetition.
Can you come pick me up?
Bring a bucket of apples.
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
Does he have a doctorate ?
Ing, lover of the reigner, a too-grand tourin' leads / In clover, of th'arena to Grand To'er, in Leeds.
Gall, lover the the Queen, went - magnanimous tour - / Gallantly from the arena to the Tower Grande, in Nîmes.
This is true love.
Thank you for sharing!
Mary is now studying in her room.
Are you home alone?
Have you ever eaten purple-yam ice cream?
You want to eat nata de coco, right?
I'm horrified.
I am horrified.
I've heard that Tony bought an expensive car.
Medicine containers should be kept out of reach of children.
The French monarchy seemed invincible, however, it was overthrown.
I only have a few books.
I'm making coffee.
This lemonade tastes too sweet.
Is there a garden in front of the house?
I don't drink wine.
We played and laughed.
I'm going to Berlin to visit my friend.
Close the door and open the window!
The book is for me; the flowers are for us.
I use a flashlight to illuminate dark areas.
I know that some people appreciate my work.
No one will lay a finger on you as long as I live.
No one will go through this door as long as I live.
Her results last year were lackluster.
I don't know the way home.
Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.
Don't try to walk before you can crawl.
Mirabelles are equally delicious in a compote.
Mirabelles are also delicious when pureed.
Love doesn't forgive.
Cows are large and their horns are long; sheep are small and their horns are short.
Horses don't have horns; cows and sheep have horns.
That was an eagle owl.
I have not yet seen a Northern Shoveler duck.
I joined the navy.
He's a movie buff.
Tom was an unathletic child.
That's what you think.
Sure, why not?
People always make fun of me when they find out I'm colorblind.
I have no desire to try.
How late does the train run today?
I can't eat more.
Who is your favorite rock singer?
The common fish swims beautifully.
I love rabbits ... with French fries and a good glass of wine.
I love rabbits ... with chips and a good glass of wine.
Did you see that small mouse?
On Sunday he often went fishing.
This is not a pipe.
This isn't a pipe.
Don't you want to study?
There is a bench on the balcony.
I'm staying over at my friend's place.
It's hectic at my place. How about we go back to your place and watch the game there?
Humanity is rapidly destroying the Earth's environment.
The oceans are turning acid.
Once a species goes extinct, it's gone forever.
We are overfishing the world's oceans.
My friend only eats organic food.
It's simple and intuitive.
No one seems to care.
It calms me down.
These politicians are corrupt.
Companies are less loyal to their workers.
I was astonished.
From 1988 to 1994 he lived in Lebanon.
It isn't just for show.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
That's my mom's chihuahua.
The Van Horn family was wealthy.
The Van Horn family was affluent.
The Van Horn family was prosperous.
Tom and Mary went to the Luna Park.
I need to get out of here.
I need to keep my eyes open.
He didn't want to leave.
The experiment seemed to be going well.
I'm going to jump.
This is the lover's lane.
I showed him who's boss.
I'm glad that makes you happy.
Whatever floats your boat.
Remain seated, please.
They were caught off-guard.
He is considered the prime suspect by the police.
Why stop at a kiss?
Tom was the subject of numerous jokes.
He died before the ambulance arrived.
I'm not proud of that.
That will please my father.
I ran into a deer.
I never asked for it.
I'll never see him again.
He was transported to a local hospital.
He was crushed to death.
The man leapt to his death.
He never fully recovered from his injuries.
Tom was stabbed with a knife.
Mr Yamada, there's a call for you.
Mr Yamada, there's a phone call for you.
Last night I threw up.
Last night I barfed.
Last night I lost my cookies.
Last night I woofed my cookies.
Last night I blew chunks.
Last night I hurled.
Last night I ralphed.
Last night I tossed my cookies.
Last night I lost my lunch.
Last night I prayed to the porcelain god.
It used to be nearly impossible.
I think we're all a bit loco.
Last night I chundered.
I think we're all a bit cuckoo.
That question naturally invited discussion.
That problem naturally invited discussion.
That question naturally invited debate.
I want this fruit.
I want that fruit.
I don't want any fruit.
Interestingly, Hogwarts Quidditch players are allowed to use whatever broomsticks they like or their sponsors can afford, despite the fact that more expensive brooms often confer great (and arguably unfair) advantages in speed and manoeuvrability.
Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.
There was always a minority afraid of something, and a great majority afraid of the dark, afraid of the future, afraid of the past, afraid of the present, afraid of themselves and shadows of themselves.
Mysteries abound where most we seek for answers.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Usually Tom uses a fleshlight for self-satisfaction.
We have been friends.
We've been friends.
I am a radio ham.
I can't think about anything else since Saturday night.
I tried to install a new browser.
She knows she is wrong, it's just that she doesn't want to admit it.
Bees are social animals.
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.
Ants, termites and bees are social animals.
Buckminster Fuller is famous for the geodesic dome.
Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead.
I went to bed at midnight.
One day he will return to Japan.
He criticised the destructive power of financial markets.
We have talked about them.
My maternal grandfather was a murderer.
How dare you!
It's all custom made.
It has its benefits.
Tom is hard at work.
It was a bold decision.
He will be delighted to see you.
It will be very, very hot.
He will wait.
You're being silly.
You need to sit down and rest.
It hasn't been done before.
It makes sense now.
Look at the size of that thing!
I'll put you out of your misery.
Don't leave me here.
You're just comforting yourself with a fantasy!
I certainly didn't think of it!
Is that sarcasm?
At least you pulled a guy.
You look so keen.
Unfortunately, it's not a photomontage!
Sadly, it's not a photomontage!
Tell me it's a photomontage!
I couldn't believe it.
I have understood what you mean.
This news makes me sad!
I hope it is an old photograph or a very beautiful photomontage.
I hope it is an old picture or a very beautiful photomontage.
Excellent!
Don't forget that we'll play a very special acoustic show.
The instructor advised me to exercise every day.
None of my students failed.
He knows neither of his two brothers.
Who are you, how did you come here, and why?
I wish to talk to your daughter.
I sell rice in bulk or packed in 1 kilogram bags.
I am not sure.
We have finished talking about the exercise.
I've galloped for three days only to tell you that I could not care less for you.
This is private property.
It's been so many years.
We'll soon find out.
You'll find out soon enough.
They abandoned the ship.
He couldn't help himself.
Let's be happy.
I want to try it.
He's out of town.
Why don't we go check it out?
Tom grew up in a loving home.
It didn't work out.
They'll be very afraid.
I thought you would understand.
We were outnumbered.
They're coming for me.
Tom discovered the secret of life, but he won't tell me.
He won't tell me what happened.
It's too late for them.
It's too late for me.
This is my last offer.
Tom went berserk.
Will he ever change?
I'm highly impressed.
It's very dry.
This is a good suggestion.
This will not be tolerated.
When children play Go, they use a board with 5x5 or 7x7 lines.
Are you for real?
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.
It's still in good condition.
The streets are clean.
Tom is going to the festival.
You're afraid?
Let us agree to disagree.
One of Jesus' disciples was named Paul.
When I saw the sight, tears came into my eyes.
Kids want to play.
Give me an orange.
Would you call me for your wedding party?
I will have some vacation days.
Stop saying trifles! Focus on the main point.
He is spare in words.
Erase to the start of discourse or text; drop the subject or start over.
That's the spirit!
I want to ask him for his phone number.
I want to ask what his phone number is.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
Admittedly, it wasn't the best meal I've ever eaten.
His failure to observe traffic regulations resulted in a serious accident.
Mary smiled, but her voice had some irritation in it.
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride.
My brother may have acute appendicitis, in which case he’d have to have an operation.
The jobless became desperate for work – any work that would help them to support their families.
We know that a cat, whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes, can see clearly at night.
She took Chinese medicine, which relieved her symptoms.
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.
Computers seem to play the role of the human brain, so they're often called "electric brains".
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread and eating more vegetables.
Over the past ten years, people have become increasingly aware that they need to change their eating habits.
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue.
I tried to in vain to deal with the problem.
We love this working class.
The puppy wants to sleep.
Tom likes cockfighting.
There's a cockfight in the courtyard.
Cockfighting is banned in many countries.
This guy is great.
It really hits the nail on the head.
C# is similar to Java.
That's where we'll go.
Is it true that you gamble?
He frequents the company of wicked women.
This is a great book.
The more you play, the better you'll get.
You are my hero.
The night is upon us.
Isn't that true?
It's such a pain in the ass.
They saved us.
I did it in a couple of days.
Tom shot himself in the head.
It's still warm.
We better tell the others.
It's incredibly powerful.
I can defeat any chess player.
Nobody does that.
We just have to do it.
There's no way to win.
The answer is yes.
The answer is no.
Everyone needs to work together.
We all need to work together.
Is there place for this box in the van?
Humans have five senses: sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell.
He probably meant that people go to demonstrations just to show up instead of actually protesting.
Vuvuzelas are stupid!
There are too many commercials on TV.
Thanks for warning me.
We're scared because we've heard two people are going to be fired.
I'd never leave my house in slippers.
When the night falls, dreams come to life!
Lack of inspiration is the worst enemy of creativity.
Don't you dare!
It's an amazing song!
I laughed my ass off when they told me that joke.
If you hurt him, I'll cut your balls off.
Stop lazing around and look for a job.
I don't give a damn about you and your circumstances!
We need someone with guts to do it.
I can't buy that car - it costs an arm and a leg.
Dating is exhausting.
How can I find my G-spot?
With this wig, this mustache and the glasses, nobody recognizes me.
If you want something done right, sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
Bath salts are products that can be added to a bath.
We took a mud bath.
How do you know it won't break down?
Spa is a spa town.
Sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature.
I hope it won't rain this afternoon.
What are you looking for in there?
Why didn't he stop smoking?
Take care and have a nice day.
Feeding pigeons is prohibited.
Please do not walk on the grass.
It's illegal to walk on the grass, but what about running?
How far are we going?
I was here first.
You will get the worst beating of your life.
It was dark when we reached the hotel.
Let's go to bed.
My children won't listen to me.
Why should I go?
The house is beautiful.
It was just a matter of time.
It's just a matter of time.
Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans.
Life is like licking honey off a cactus.
If I had not gone to India, I would have been sitting at a beach in the UK now.
Can I get you anything else?
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in slums.
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in favelas.
Germans are said to be hardworking.
Doctors save lives.
Someone has to pay the bill.
Spain will need to borrow 100 billion euros.
I am sure that we will be very happy here.
The parents will be invited to the school celebration.
I would not be the same without you.
Without your help, I would not have succeeded.
Is there place for this box inside the van?
I had to go through hell and high water to get my driver's licence.
You have a mail.
Chin up!
For some reason he could not say the whole truth.
She didn't have a brother.
Suicide is an act of desperation.
They won.
They were victorious.
I told her that she was right.
What the hell is wrong with me?
I want to live in Curaçao.
He won't live more than one day.
He will not live more than one day.
Five years have passed since I came to Japan.
She speaks English and German.
Describe your ideal breakfast.
My daughter does her chores like an eager beaver when I promise her ice cream after she finishes.
I cannot come up to your request.
Her mother and her sister came to visit the young worker, and sometimes they spent a day with her.
Sarah's young friends were starting to be scared. Only she kept her cool and reassured her friends.
Women like men with moustaches.
Summer is coming.
I'm a member of the team.
This is how it has always been.
In hindsight, this was a mistake.
He's a world-class scientist.
My work is done.
If you can't explain it easily, you don't yet understand it.
Hello! I'm a new user.
This is the important part.
The grass always seems greener on the other side.
This man is a legend.
It's worth every penny.
Let me show you something really awesome.
I'm going to teach you a lesson.
You know the law.
It will only take a minute.
It's not real.
Do you know how to program?
It's an important step.
We must learn to walk before we can run.
Learn to walk before you run.
He's one of the best.
The police will be here any minute.
There was nothing I could do about it.
See for yourself.
I'm getting old.
It's a fine day.
It's working as intended.
There's something in here.
I'm happy you liked it.
I just came from there.
Hello there!
I will repeat it so you will not forget.
They forgot to wake me up.
Let's go to the beach!
I hate the way I look.
I need to lose five pounds.
Mary is anxious about the way she looks.
We mean you no harm.
Tonight is the night.
They all did it.
Because of the rain, we didn't play tennis outside.
Haven't you learned your lesson?
You look really good.
It looks easy when you do it.
Jorgen loves his wife.
Not this shirt, the other one.
I spurn your offer.
I can not give you an immediate answer.
It is your responsibility to bring the class together.
A small amount of brandy is added to the whipped cream.
He took the proper steps to meet the situation.
It is clear that the Americans can't even solve their own problems, so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world's problems?
Is she healthy?
Marilla had problems with her lungs.
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Further testing is needed.
Further testing is required.
This is pretty extreme.
This isn't a bad thing.
That's exactly how I want it.
Let me show you an example.
It doesn't sound too bad to me.
Thank you all so much.
Have you seen the uncensored version?
They're keeping it under wraps.
When I was your age, we had to walk uphill to school, both ways.
Can I see you a moment?
I know I can do it.
I know we can do it.
Tom was spot on.
His identity must be kept secret.
I've never been so proud of Tom.
Tom doesn't like math.
Math doesn't suck, you do.
I ended up winning.
I did it once.
It just came out.
I've never done that in a car.
Does it make a big difference?
I'm a little bit jealous.
I print 100 pages.
It keeps getting harder and harder.
It's enormous!
Nature knows no boundaries.
I'm not angry at you, just very disappointed.
We will begin the match when he comes.
Christopher Columbus drank unfiltered seawater.
Catch the ball.
Mary made some egg sandwiches.
I'm going to analyze the experimental results, and write a report.
The company's president makes a conclusion.
Selflessness is the best thing you can do for yourself.
I admire the culture and the politeness of the Germans.
There are many sentences about DNA, but none about RNA.
You have to put an adjective after "不够."
The world economy is in grave danger.
Do you speak Georgian?
Sooner or later his luck will run out.
She wants to work in a hospital.
This wall is cold.
That wall is cold.
Cast iron is an alloy of iron and carbon.
Go back to your bed.
I'll eat my breakfast and go back to bed.
We're on the same boat.
We are on the same boat.
You cannot analyse the data efficiently unless you draw a plot.
Honestly, I don't believe it is a matter of plagiarism.
Honestly, I don't believe it's a matter of plagiarism.
Only plagiarism was missing to him!
Did you accept his invitation?
The master's will be easier.
That's why I asked.
I'm flabbergasted to hear that from you.
I'm flabbergasted to hear that my best friend died last night in a car accident.
We are looking for you!
His house was valued at $6 million.
Is it possible?
Check back later today for the answer!
"As soon as I introduced it to a new companion, my goldfish started to kiss it all over" - "Is it a he or a she ?" - "Dunno" - "It kinda came out, then..."
I saw a cat on the roof.
Example sentences are the future.
I confess my translation is not perfect.
Can anyone recommend me a good monolingual German dictionary?
I'm paid biweekly.
We dreamed of five thousand subscribers but instead succeeded with a mere tenth of this number.
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.
Simplify your life. Take advice from native speakers.
There is some truth in that.
There won't be a next time.
Even though they look like it, a hedgehog, a mole, an otter, a rabbit or an opossum are not rodents.
Since experts have been unable to translate the ancient text, museum officials are asking the public to take a crack at it.
I enjoy playing chess.
It is not far from the hotel.
I didn't bring my wedding ring with me.
I'm not as lucky as you.
I haven't all that experience.
I have nothing to do.
I have nowhere to spend the night.
I have nowhere to stay.
I have no home.
I rushed out to see what was going on.
You have a feather on your coat.
You have a feather on your hair.
I don't know what happened, but there are feathers all over the place.
They didn't take credit cards, and we had to leave the place.
I don't care who you are, I care about what you do.
He went running by me.
I went running by them.
They didn't take credit cards.
We were having fun until you came.
The kids are having fun.
They're on commercials.
"Don't wait for me." "I wasn't going to wait for you."
It's a cruel world.
That's an obsolete model.
How does the Internet work?
There are windows on the floor, and doors on the ceiling.
Any doubts with the assignment?
If I die, I want to die where nobody ever finds me.
How many books can I borrow?
If I die, I want to die a virgin.
If I die, I want to die in my house.
I'll tear a page out from that book.
Someone tore a page out from the book.
What is hell like?
Listen to how he snores.
Think of a sentence no one would ever think of. There's your contribution to entropy.
Go out and look at the blue skies.
Will you keep playing all night long?
Will you keep playing all day long?
My birthday was last week.
Get laid with me.
Come to bed with me.
Today, I'll sleep on the couch.
The guilty left hints everywhere.
We made a sand castle.
There's a spider in the bathroom.
Victory is bitter.
There is no cure for nightmares.
I know myself just as I know my nightmares.
The plague came from the swamp.
Your dreams are almost as twisted as my nightmares.
Write down each word.
Did you see his face?
Did you see her face?
Did you see their faces?
Did you see the new commercial?
Did you see yesterday's episode?
Are you going to record today's episode?
I have a present for me.
Somebody explain to me what's going on here.
Don't stop playing.
My guitar will never betray me.
I can reach higher with my voice than you with your feet.
Treacherous fire, bring relief to my torment.
I was born with twelve fingers.
I know you are left handed since you wear your watch on your right arm.
The night is my accomplice.
Night, accomplice of diseases and nightmares.
Leave the window open for a while.
Leave the dog out for a while.
You forgot to let the dog in!
You forgot to water the plants!
You forgot your backpack!
Don't forget to let the dog in.
Don't forget to water the plants.
Don't forget anything.
Do not open the box yet.
Do not open the present yet.
Your soul belongs to me.
What's more important?
What's more important to you?
What does that have to do with anything?
What's so important?
Who called me?
You'll be forever mine.
I burnt my tongue.
Count to one hundred.
We must call a cat a cat.
It's very simple.
We must not wake a sleeping cat.
Among the manufacturers of so-called "consumer electronics", there exists ruthless cut-throat competition.
You are so intelligent.
Click on the link.
I'm printing 100 pages.
I have printed 100 pages.
What kind of plant is it?
I have to print 100 pages.
I don't need your permission.
Tom didn't want Mary to find out.
He isn't rich, but he's happy.
I'm sorry, Tom. I'm afraid I can't do that.
I never asked for this.
All women are the same.
The cold war ended along with the fall of the USSR.
A small forest fire quickly spread and became a huge conflagration.
This candidate benefits from telemetric looks.
We'll be having a slap up lunch.
The train arrives on platform number 5.
They don't know us.
I like rice more than bread.
I like rice more than I like bread.
My school marks were average.
You look younger.
He will follow my advice.
Do you watch TV?
How much does a kilogram of pineapples cost?
Will you report everything truthfully?
The 24th of May is the Day of Slavic Writing and Culture.
Insects are arthropods.
Birds have sharp vision.
85% of foreign investors working in Kazakhstan consider it the most attractive market in the CIS.
I've always wanted to learn to cook like you.
Her face grew pale.
Her face paled.
Her face turned white.
They like to reminisce.
They like to remember old times.
I have lots of things to do.
If you're smart, you'll cash out while you're ahead.
My mother told me that if I masturbated, I'd go blind.
He kissed her goodbye and left, never to be seen again.
I wouldn't put it past him to cheat if it served his interests.
Now we can make plans to see each other!
Fish food is used in fishing.
I quit playing soccer.
I quit playing football.
I quit playing the bass guitar.
I quitted playing the drums.
I quitted playing the guitar.
In autumn, the moon is very beautiful.
In the name of the Brazilian president, Luiz Inacio Lula de Silva, Claudio Soarez Rocha expressed admiration for the continuing effort which Esperanto-speaking people throughout the world are always making, for the greater spread of Esperanto. He wrote, amongst other things,"We know that in the history of mankind, there have been languages that have become intrusive as a result of political power, such as Latin, or to a certain extent French and lately, English. We very much wish, in fact, that one day Esperanto could be accepted by the majority of the nations, as a language adopted to facilitate communication without linguistic privileges."
The cylinder head of the car is broken.
How long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?
That's twenty dollars off your pay.
Tom lost more than a hundred pounds.
It's a no-brainer.
It was shorter than he expected.
It was shorter than she expected.
This is not what we want.
The problem should be solved.
Did you hear that?
Someone, please help me.
Let's clean this up.
Is there something we can do?
Which one should I use?
It only works on Windows.
It's a bit too complicated for me.
I did something wrong.
I think I did something wrong.
School is boring.
Where is the rubber duck?
Here's the tricky part.
Howdy folks.
Howdy folks!
You can invite other people.
My son's rubber duck is yellow.
You touched my heart.
It doesn't work yet.
Mary fell in love with a German officer.
Get ready for some action.
Stay sharp.
Stay frosty.
Good hunting.
How cool is this?
Welcome back.
It's extremely unfair.
Please help!
It's not what we want.
We've gone too far.
He inserted the key in the lock.
I cannot forgive him just because he is a child.
I am your father's spirit, doomed for a certain time to walk the night, and during the day I am confined to burn in fires, until the evil crimes I had done in my life are burnt and purged away.
Some people just want to see the world burn.
The attack on your ex-wife was pitiless. I'm satisfied that you were prepared to use extreme violence to get your revenge.
Where did you sleep last night?
The old man is angry and bitter.
No means no.
Mary was mugged on her way home.
You have no one to blame but yourself.
Women today drink as much as men.
What just happened?
I can't believe you would do that to me.
That sounds familiar.
My sister always makes fun of me.
Mary is a gold digger.
She's out shopping for shoes.
Don't you have enough shoes?
Don't worry. We are well.
What the fuck is going on here?
She was completely nonplussed by his unexpected behavior.
He's bisexual.
She's bisexual.
Sea levels around the world are rising.
The ice sheets are melting.
Glaciers around the world are melting.
Tom is a glaciologist.
Spain was ruled by a dictator until 1975.
Tom is a Francophile.
French was the language of diplomacy.
Most people can't tell the difference.
Tom is an audiophile.
It's actually very fun!
I feel good after a workout.
I feel good after exercising.
Let's celebrate!
It is bisexual.
You've got to try this.
How happy I am today!
It's always disappointing when you lose a match on penalties.
As a team, we are disappointed. We should have won the game.
Even though we lost the game, I have to say that we played the better football.
I think he is so qualifed for the job.
Tomorrow I'm going to visit my mother in the hospital.
I hate to be alone at home on the weekends.
Please don't ask stupid questions. It's ridiculous.
The manager will be out of the office all morning so call him back in the end of the day.
Nobody has enough knowledge to adjust this equipment like John did.
Susan will be ready to the party in one hour and will need someone to pick her up.
He has already told the police what happened.
I have eaten a lot this morning.
Unfortunately he has already left.
Are you pleased with the results?
Is your brother a ski instructor?
He works as a ghost writer.
Money influences everything.
My friend who lives in England will come to Brazil next week and will stay five months expecting to get a good job here.
That's actually pretty cool.
I was on my knees.
Get on your knees.
Gardening is fun.
He has never spoken with your supervisor since the day that he was hired.
Nature is awesome.
Nature is scary.
When did Susana get back?
My friends prefer to travel by car than by plane.
Everyday I go to work by car but I'm wondering to rent an apartment close my job.
She has lent me a new CD of a very good Brazilian band called Tinastacia.
I will buy drinks for you all.
He spoke to me when he saw me.
Unfortunately, our team didn't win like we expected.
Don't get so nervous there is a plenty of time to answer all the questions.
I will make some tea.
He made the coffee too strong.
Listening to my neighbor's music at three o'clock in the morning makes me wake up in a very bad mood.
The most famous painting in the exposition depicted a starry sky with bats flying over it. It was a little sinister.
The sad part is that nobody will ever know.
When I saw you, I thought you were the most ugly thing I've ever seen in my life.
Believe it or not, there are people who like these stuff.
The sculptor said the work represented a window to the sky, but to me it looked like a senseless twisted piece of metal.
Her insistence was right. She did not need to feel ashamed.
I was coming home from some place at the end of the world, about three o'clock of a black winter morning, and my way lay through a part of town where there was literally nothing to be seen but lamps.
I got into that state of mind when a man listens and listens and begins to long for the sight of a policeman.
All at once, I saw two figures: one a little man who was stumping along eastward at a good walk, and the other a girl of maybe eight or ten who was running as hard as she was able down a cross street.
The two ran into one another naturally enough at the corner; and then came the horrible part of the thing; for the man trampled calmly over the child's body and left her screaming on the ground.
It sounds nothing to hear, but it was hellish to see.
He was perfectly cool and made no resistance, but gave me one look, so ugly that it brought out the sweat on me like running.
But there was one curious circumstance.
That organization is corrupt to the core.
You know I hate you for this!
After skiing, relaxing in a hot spring bath, one can get fully warmed up.
The chair is made of wood.
It's freezing out here!
I had taken a loathing to my gentleman at first sight.
I knew what was in his mind, just as he knew what was in mine; and killing being out of the question, we did the next best.
We told the man we could and would make such a scandal out of this as should make his name stink from one end of London to the other.
If he had any friends or any credit, we undertook that he should lose them.
And all the time, as we were pitching it in red hot, we were keeping the women off him as best we could for they were as wild as harpies.
I never saw a circle of such hateful faces; and there was the man in the middle, with a kind of black sneering coolness — frightened too, I could see that — but carrying it off really like Satan.
If you choose to make capital out of this accident, I am naturally helpless. No gentleman but wishes to avoid a scene. Name your figure.
Today is a very exciting day.
My friends don't know where I am.
I'm completely wrecked.
It's a sequel.
I can't predict the future.
Now I'm sad.
All the stones have been moved.
There's a crop circle in the field.
He was fully clothed.
She was fully clothed.
This changes everything.
Mary is a hot girl.
She's hot.
I'm going to sleep.
I'm going to make you an offer that you can't refuse.
I'm going to a monster truck rally.
We didn't learn anything.
Which one will they choose?
Which one will you choose?
Which one will he choose?
Which one will she choose?
As it is the wedding of my younger brother I have no other choice but to attend it.
Since it is the wedding of my close friend I have to attend it.
It was a huge success.
Try to make it last a little longer.
Keep trying.
Invite him over to watch a movie.
Invite her over to watch a movie.
Are we just friends?
That is the worst thing you can do!
That's the worst thing you can do!
Why don't we take some time to think about it?
We had to react quickly.
According to a survey, 1 billion people are suffering from poverty in the world.
There's nothing nefarious going on here.
He's open-minded.
She's open-minded.
I'm sorry. I hadn't realized.
My enemy's enemy is my friend.
May the Force be with you.
May the Force be with you!
Your English is flawless.
It hasn't rained for two months.
I'm colorblind. I can't tell red from green.
You're a lie.
According to a survey, 1 thousand million people are suffering from poverty in the world.
I'm going to live my life, with or without her.
I totally feel like this right now.
This is my drug!
My father left for China.
Mr. Straddle called me aside.
Did you buy the medicine?
What did the doctor tell you?
I have to go to the doctor today.
Do you know any good doctor?
I don't think there is a doctor here.
I didn't find a single doctor.
My ear was bleeding this morning.
What have you done to your ear?
Did you find a doctor?
I haven't found a doctor yet.
She looks exactly the same as she was at school.
His life has completely changed when he married her.
Who would have thought Tom would change?
This town hasn't changed a bit since the 1970's.
I should have known they would betray me.
I don't know much about you.
I don't know much about your family.
I don't want to be alone all my life.
They call this planet 'Earth'.
You don't know anything about me.
I don't know anything about the future.
Everything is going too fast.
Maybe it's not going to last.
Could you show me how to start this machine?
Why did you draw a face on the wall?
They changed it very recently.
Tom took a bad fall.
The zone above 8000m is known as the death zone.
The old system works.
It may be the last time.
This patient is suffering from hypoxia.
Are we alone in the universe?
We did not evolve from monkeys. We share a common ancestor.
It's market day.
There's something about Mary.
It's all about technique.
Nice job, man!
It was a bad idea.
The special effects are excellent.
When did you start smoking?
Mount Everest is also known as Qomolangma.
The first step to correcting a mistake is patience.
A true heart should never be doubted.
What keeps you awake at night?
Believe in yourself or no one else will.
Mary went to the beauty salon to get a manicure.
Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint ends and the orange tint begins? Distinctly we see the difference of the colors, but where exactly does the one first blendingly enter into the other? So with sanity and insanity.
The pitfalls of easy generalization are to be avoided.
I should be so lucky!
Let's start the week with a good swim!
Which is the book we're talking about?
We work from dawn until dusk.
You won't be selling anything if you don't lower the price.
Hopefully, you will come back.
"Granny, what kind of berries are these?" "Black currants." "But why are they red?" "Because they are green."
"Do you need a T-shirt?" "Yes, a red one."
Ken is tall, I am not.
Love is the light of our lives. The marriage brings us the note.
Bill, Bill! How do you feel?
I wanted to do it, but could not.
This meal would be enough for three.
We can travel through time. And we do it with an incredible rate of one second per second.
I don't have sugar with my coffee.
I completely forgot about that.
She always says no.
I want to have nothing to do with you.
Do you really believe that this guy is a magician?
You left the door open.
Do you really want to know what happened?
I can't tell you what happened.
No one knows what happened.
What about you? Do you trust this man?
I think Tom knows things that we don't.
I have always trusted her.
Did you find anything in the room?
Why don't you come to the party with us?
I know a lot about you.
We can talk here. No problem.
I can't explain everything now.
You will need time to understand.
You came here because you wanted to know the truth.
I would like to visit the Great Wall this year.
Do you know how I can get there?
Are the Niagara Falls far from your town?
You can go there directly by bus or by train.
It seems to be a lynx.
He's a bit naive.
She's a bit naive.
I didn't really want to win.
I have done everything I was supposed to do.
Many people are upset.
I liked your picture.
I liked your photograph.
What a dick!
That guy is a douche.
Nobody saw it coming.
That sentence doesn't exist in any song.
That sentence does not exist in any song.
Making a trip by plane, you must first check in at the airport. You get a boarding card which shows that you are accepted for a certain flight and indicates the number of your seat.
The assembly is really easy because most of the parts just snap into place.
It's a work in progress.
It's not as easy as people think.
He's a freshman.
He's a sophomore.
He's a senior.
I've stopped paying attention to arrogant, materialistic and unpleasant people.
It looks like he died from asphyxiating himself.
Don't panic.
Would we be something beyond our emotions?
I'm afraid to cross the street in Beijing since drivers don't respect pedestrians there.
For everything you gain, you lose something else.
I consider this to be a good initiative.
Sometimes, accepting help is harder than offering it.
If sex were a martial art, I would have a black belt.
I'm not really a talkative person. It's just that I have a lot of things to tell you.
Those who look outward dream, but those who look inward awaken.
I would therefore like to draw attention to the Report of the Committee on Invisible Members of Parliament.
Americans who love sushi are not in short supply.
Don't forget to take an umbrella.
There is nothing that can't be bought with money.
Compared to Snoopy, Charlie Brown is not well known at all in Japan.
I'm thinking that lately, maybe the students are making fun of me.
I think therefore I am.
This argument doesn't go into sufficient deep.
If I'm late again, I'm going to be fired.
I have been watching you.
I wanted to talk with you.
I wanted to meet you.
I don't know whether you are ready to see what I want to show you.
What do they want with me?
You'd better get out of there.
You must do exactly what I tell you.
Stay here for a moment.
Stay there for a moment.
Stay here a little longer.
Stay there a little longer.
How do you know all this?
Where are you hiding?
Don't be controlled by your fear.
There are only two ways out of this house.
This is insane.
I cannot let them catch me.
I cannot let them catch you.
Why is this happening to me?
I know I'm going to die.
Who said you were going to die?
I didn't do anything.
Why did they arrest him?
You are here because we need your help.
You will help us, whether you want to or not.
You think that I'm wasting my time with him.
It's obvious that you are an intelligent boy.
She put her glasses back on.
I know my rights.
I hate football.
I hate soccer.
Do you still want us to meet?
I'm in a trance-like state.
I am in a trance-like state.
I'm very reserved.
I am very reserved.
I'm very discrete.
I am very discrete.
Who told you I would help you?
We have never done it before.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
It won't take me a long time.
Hi, friend!
Go straight, then turn right.
I'm looking for Tom.
Don't smoke in the toilet.
One of them smokes in the toilet.
He smells like a goat.
Please, tell me. I wanna know.
If Jo doesn't want to tell you, I will not tell you either.
You are not invited, so this is not your business.
You are still sick. You have to stay in bed.
I want to go with you to the movies.
This happened to me.
The doctor wants you to stay one week more in bed.
Please let me go with you.
If she goes to the theater, I'll stay at home.
We are coming.
Sleep problems are called insomnia.
We forgive him.
Having, as you know, sleep problems, I woke up 3 times last night. So, this morning I was very sleepy.
How long does it take for light from the sun to reach the earth?
What are you doing out here?
What are you doing out at this time?
Can we ride with you?
Put this shawl on.
It's easier for me to wear this dress now that I'm thin.
If you don't hurry up, you'll never get to the village.
Come on, hurry up!
Let me look at you.
Your face is dirty.
Her name is Nina?
Is this a sheep or a goat?
I'm alright.
I'm taking these sheep to the market.
Look there.
She is with Peter.
I translated this text for nothing.
I know that he is not going to pay me.
You have to pay me for all my translations.
I don't translate for free.
If you invite him, he'll probably come.
If there were no books, life would no doubt be very dull.
I will never translate something for free.
She's old enough to take care of herself.
She took the shawl off.
Where did you leave your shoes?
She likes to play with this lamb.
Don't whistle at school.
She's trying to whistle, but she doesn't know how.
Just call me Ken.
Why do you like to give yourselves foreign names?
He has a funny name.
Aren't you scared?
Why should I be scared?
What do you do with all these goats?
I'm taking these goats to the mountain.
Where are your clothes?
My clothes are there.
My clothes are down there.
My clothes are over there.
Bring me my clothes.
This must be my grandfather's house.
Take your dog away.
This is Nina, your granddaughter.
You probably don't recognize her.
The last time you saw her, she was just a tiny baby.
What do you want me to do with this little girl?
You are late this morning.
Take these goats to the mountain.
You stay with us now.
I would like to leave this girl with you.
It's about time you did your share of work.
When she starts to cry, what shall I do with her?
You won't have that problem.
I have taken care of this child ever since his parents died.
I didn't find anyone to tell me what to do.
What's this dog's name?
He has a big house on the mountain.
I want to see what you have inside your house.
Let's get inside.
Bring the rest of your luggage with you.
Where shall I put my suitcases?
Put your clothes on the bottom shelf.
They were three and they were all armed.
One of them went to hide.
There were two left.
There is one less.
Where did the other one go?
There was only one left.
There was a man sitting in the sun.
It was time for breakfast.
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.
I'm not a professional.
He could not swim.
She could not swim.
There must be some way of traversing the river.
Beware of jellyfish.
He touched me.
Did he touch you?
We want to reach a wider audience.
Nobody tells me anything.
He ranked fourth on a total of 56 runners.
He took part of this non-profit organisation to help make his vision of the world become reality.
I was young and stupid.
Tom took advantage of a tax loophole.
It's morally repugnant.
You will need a bodyguard.
You will need an armed escort.
I need an escort.
The issue is not settled.
Mary works for an NGO in Africa.
She runs a charity.
If it wasn't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
This movie is rated PG-13.
This movie is rated R.
Why would he lie?
Why would she lie?
I live in a small fishing village.
The dancers spoke a little and only with each other.
Tom was abandoned by his parents.
The money has been put to good use.
Can you believe it?
They did not listen.
He did not listen.
She did not listen.
Protesters tried to disrupt the meeting.
You're not listening!
He agreed to give us an interview.
She agreed to give us an interview.
They agreed to give us an interview.
He was knocked unconscious.
We are not here to arrest you.
This made me cry.
The effects are reversible.
The effects are not reversible.
I used to do that as a kid.
That's not what she said.
That's not what he said.
Have you read the FAQ?
That is really good news.
I love BBQ.
I love barbecue.
Push!
The company announced hundreds of layoffs.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Keep your hands on the wheel.
Keep your hands above the table.
Pay what you want.
I do not remember any of it.
Hypnotism works.
I was skeptical at first.
Oh, I forgot. Today is garbage day!
I had an out-of-body experience.
That's a bit of a problem.
I'd do it again.
It was horrendous.
He could die.
She could die.
A team of paramedics is standing by.
Is college worth it?
You know, when that guy drinks he changes. He keeps talking on and on, so I don't really want to drink with him.
He's out of position.
She's out of position.
Tom wants to be one of the cool kids.
This is very impressive.
I didn't expect that result.
It appears to be working.
Tom exceeded my expectations.
He acts like a rock star.
You crossed the line.
You know that feeling?
It's a bunch of nonsense.
Tom has no memory of what happened.
Buy low, sell high.
The peace we have today is the result of lengthy peace talks.
You've got to have a strong will to study something unrelated to your job after you've finished working.
I drive to work.
An enormous number of insects hatched this year, wreaking havoc on crops.
All of them are connected.
Let me stop here.
Websites collect information about you.
When you surf the web, you may be tracked by websites.
According to folktales, cats have nine lives.
I wonder if we're alone in the universe.
Have you listened to this TED talk?
They're hard to find.
One of my dreams is to study the Icelandic language.
I asked whether she could sew for me.
It's cute, and more importantly, of good quality.
That organization is corrupt to its core.
Wash your hands with a bar of soap.
Don't curse or I'll wash your mouth out with soap.
Parents think of the new generation as one that is widely removed from reality and only chasing after unfulfillable dreams.
Every rose has its thorns.
Who stole the apples?
Is it a cat or a dog?
This is Doraemon.
I am Doraemon.
Even if I try, it's no use, anyway.
'Cause I don't really change my E-mail address.
I moved to the neighborhood about two years ago.
You won't really be able to hear the difference between sounds that you can't distinguish by pronouncing, so even if you don't feel like communicating, pronunciation is important. Pronunciation can also be a hint for remembering how a word is spelled.
Well, I'll take my time.
What I want to ask is how roundabout should I be?
On Monday, his condition improved slightly.
Because you demanded that I hold your hand.
Shika are verses and 31-syllable poems.
He gave his remembering of race horse names when he was a child as the source of his language ability.
I can't give any more of an answer than that.
I would have gotten conceited.
Um...am I mistaken in some way?
Well, I thought if anyone could do it, it would be you.
Um, so you don't understand? Well, I just assigned this one specifically for you because these are all too simple and it's insulting to you. Remember it if you have time.
No, I just thought that since you can use an abacus, you might be good at doing calculations in your head.
Aah! Hang on a minute!
Yikes, wait a second!
The food is terrible.
It's not in my contract.
I don't want to hear it.
Hang on a minute. There's quite a few black chess pieces over there.
Oh no, there are more straight ahead!
Woof, woof, woof!
Move forward at full speed!
You're picking on someone smaller than you again!
You're bullying someone smaller than you again!
So cute!
I once had a teacher who used to throw chalk at inattentive students and those very students then had to bring it back to him.
When in a bus, I always sit at the front.
I do this work for free, simply for the pleasure of doing it.
Will you send someone go get a doctor?
I can't find my red hat anywhere.
These fishes are accustomed to high pressures and to the presence of light.
He jostled me by clumsyness, not for being mean.
I told to myself that it was perfectly normal for him to be homesick.
Her name was unknown.
Would you know a cheap hotel in the near?
So as to keep himself awake, Tom drunk a few cups of coffee.
The association counts thirty members.
Let's relax a little.
Nobody has been forgotten and nothing has been forgotten.
I know he's still in love with you.
I'm still in love with him.
Who would you like to fall in love with?
What is hemoglobin?
What is haemoglobin?
So you're politicians, right?
Affirmative, sir.
Give me the ball!
I drink a bottle of Coke for breakfast. Is that healthy?
We must fix this.
Many children at this school are malnourished.
He has holes in his clothes.
These girls are wearing skimpy clothes.
They rely on the foodbank.
Sometimes adults behave like children.
It doesn't have to be like this.
It gets worse.
Tom is a recluse.
He's dating my daughter.
Some countries suffer from “the curse of natural resources.”
Norway is the richest country in the world.
Africa is the poorest continent.
You must work hard to succeed.
Tom suffers from asthma.
Where do babies come from?
This is due to conservation of angular momentum.
If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold.
Evil isn't born, it is taught.
The path to evil may bring great power, but not loyalty.
He who surrenders hope, surrenders life.
Several animals escaped from the zoo.
They met in high school.
He who seeks to control fate shall never find peace.
Would you do it?
I feel bad for him.
I feel bad for her.
I feel bad for them.
I feel bad for that guy.
Adaptation is the key to survival.
Anything that can go wrong will.
Without honor, victory is hollow.
Without humility, courage is a dangerous game.
Don't trust, don't be afraid, don't ask!
In for a penny, in for a pound.
I do need a vacation!
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing!
It's not what you think!
I don't think they heard us.
The house is well insulated.
I got what I needed.
My room's a little messy.
It's what we expected.
This just happened to me.
I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
Write carefully and legibly.
He would give an arm and a leg for that.
A horse is an equine.
I can't put up with this man anymore
The cellphone came with several applications already pre-installed.
Mother will be furious for sure!
Don't push it too far!
He wrote this book as he was twenty years old.
Is this Arabic ? - No, this is Uighuric, a language spoken in North-West China.
I would have bought this watch if it wasn't this expensive.
I am almost scared to talk with you.
We are planning to organise a party for M. Osa next summer.
Ken already went to England.
This elderly person said something.
The largest part of my life is already gone.
Do not give up and keep writing.
I would like to discuss about the price with you.
Would you have a suggestion?
Your house be my house.
Green tea is said to have great properties.
Nowadays, this is not like this anymore.
Without wearing a tie, you won't get in here!
As you say, there are cases where "iu" is replaced by "ossharu".
This will require a huge investment of time and money.
Revenge is a confession of pain.
This chapter of the book describes the crime as seen by the criminal.
Trading with Japan is not easy.
In a general maner, one can say that the learning method suited for a particular student is not suited for another student, in such a way that the efficiency of the learning method relies mostly on the modification of the ranking of the students.
Choose what is right, not what is easy.
Most probably every one of us has already experienced difficulty with language, for example when on a trip abroad.
The most dangerous beast is the beast within.
I found the Japanese sentence weird, but since it was written by a native, I thought that it was probably correct.
We asked experts to make an unbiased study on the linguistic problems experienced in the framework of international communication.
The reader will quickly realise that my analysis is precise and that her results are reliable.
Brothers in arms are brothers for life.
The one who reads this report obtains all statements that are necessary to be able to check the facts by himself.
Maybe he is Italian or Spanish.
The boat sunk and everyone died.
In the last weeks, there has been some strong storms.
No one knows whose corpse that was nor where it came from.
A cloud passed the sun.
The war is not inevitable.
"Peace is evitable", said the old general.
When a cloud passed in front of the sun, I felt chilly in my wet clothes.
Do you know where exactly Hannibal crossed the Alps?
I’ll pass the information to our sales department.
Maybe Tom did the right thing for the wrong reason.
What are the rules of engagement?
I've heard enough.
Come here boy.
The cat scared me.
I don't see what's wrong with that.
All the other kids do it.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Have you tried it?
We're trying to have a serious discussion here.
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.
The world feels so empty, when one only sees mountains, rivers and cities. But realising that there are people here and there, who could match with us, who we live with silently : that changes this earth in a living garden.
Walking is nice.
Tom got the scholarship.
You have my word.
I'm not a soldier.
I'd rather be at home.
Dad knows what he's doing.
The nightlife is better in New York.
I need some cash.
No criminal charges will be filed against you.
I'm going to study my ass off.
Close your eyes! Tom is walking around naked.
Watch the rear.
Watch the front.
Watch the rear. I'll watch the front.
What's that picture inside your locker?
Tom threw a big party at his house while his parents were on vacation.
Tom threw a big party at his house while his parents were away on vacation.
It was the best party ever.
Everyone is going to be there.
That's so rad.
That was totally rad.
The neighbors called the police.
Take his car keys.
Just tell him the truth.
You should ask your parents for permission.
Ask your parents for permission.
Stop staring at her breasts!
Treat her with respect.
Be polite, but firm.
His parents were furious.
My parents were furious.
Show me everything.
What do you think of when you look at this photo?
Tell me who they were talking about.
He is taking an advanced course in Esperanto.
Do you want me to teach you?
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
Have you ever been kissed before?
What can you teach me?
I tried, but I did not succeed.
She took hold of my hand to teach me.
You must teach me what you know.
You must kneel at my feet, kiss my hand and swear that I am an angel.
What will become of me?
What will become of the child?
The game's almost over.
This is a frightening place.
The boss is very upset.
My wife is very upset.
I ain't no quitter.
Just do your best.
Your story is hard to believe.
It's not as easy as you think.
I accept your challenge.
He's a fine young lad.
Something has gone terribly wrong.
We have a lot of time.
Do you know exactly where Hannibal crossed the Alps?
People suffering from low level of blood sugar disorder, because they lack the power to suppress their emotions, get easily frightened and angry.
Frankly speaking, I actually wanted to stay at home, instead of going out.
Oh boy, that's embarrassing.
I am disappointed that my friends are not here.
Thank you God that I'm not a Moskal.
Search and you will find!
Being alone sucks.
Taste buds are very useful.
Taste buds are needed to taste food.
Nothing is left to chance.
He's rough around the edges.
He likes to play rough.
He was 19 at the time.
She was 19 at the time.
The bigger boys torment the little ones.
He keeps his age a secret.
She keeps her age a secret.
He's a terrible driver.
She's a terrible driver.
Tom refused to go to the hospital.
Do you have an air conditioner?
Did you know that his wife was cheating on him with the milkman?
I suspect that his wife is cheating on him with the postman.
They're more than friends.
This is so tasty.
Where the bloody hell are you?
You're bloody well right.
Where the hell are you looking at?
What the hell are you looking at?
Size does matter.
Sometimes, size does matter.
I have to feed my cat.
I'd like a hot tea with honey.
You'll be shocked at what you can find for under a 100 dollars!
I'd like some hot tea, please.
Tom is a gamekeeper.
He's an old plutocrat.
The service was very bad.
The waiter was insolent.
The mosquitoes are annoying.
It cost me more than fifteen shillings.
We visited Corfu.
They cast furtive glances at one another.
Not a word was said.
My wife is chaste and pious.
It's more than enough.
You're a waste of oxygen.
My name is Alex, but I prefer that you all call me Augusto.
Why was I banned?
The animals are treated well.
This image is not safe for work.
That story about an apple falling on Newton's head is most probably apocryphal.
It may save your life.
These tips may save your life.
What should I do if I'm attacked by a grizzly bear?
It's really tough.
I'm a fan of Uruguay's president.
You're missing the point.
I am not missing the point.
Look in the mirror, pal.
We're smarter than they think.
She's smarter than you think.
Very simply, because you are missing the point.
Paris will always be Paris.
The English people believes itself to be free; it is gravely mistaken; it is free only during the election of the members of Parliament; as soon as they are elected, the people become slaves; they are nothing.
An artist is a sheep that strays from the flock.
I would hope that my teachers were eager to work.
Let's have the party in peace.
Have mercy on me!
I called a cab, because it was raining.
And so one thing leads to another.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate.
I accepted the offer.
Hydrotherapy is the use of water to relieve pain and cure illnesses.
The government of this country oppresses its people.
What is the size of this district's greenery area ?
Be careful when you pass through the street's busy traffic.
You shall not marry my daughter!
Things are changing quickly.
This is very exciting.
That is very exciting.
I have not kissed her yet.
You want me to do what?
The picture is in black and white.
But wasn't it expensive?
What is he hiding?
What kind of nonsense is that?
What kind of nonsense is this?
Watch out for rowdy or drunk customers.
It's dirty work.
It's dirty work, but someone has to do it.
I don't want to do your dirty work.
Run for it!
Danger, danger!
God gave you a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
There's a price on his head.
There's a price on her head.
He took on more than he could handle.
She took on more than she could handle.
They took on more than they could handle.
I'll turn the power on.
It's alive.
The peach tree is beautiful when in flower.
This ingredient is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
Do you like broccoli?
She's a cutie.
I'm not sure if it's a boy or a girl.
I'm not sure if it's a male or a female.
If only I knew what those things are all about.
This winter we experienced many rainstorms.
You'll be safe here.
Tom went to a Catholic high school.
Mary went to a Catholic high school.
Don't be evil.
This is bad for the environment.
Eating meat is bad for the environment.
He is much smarter than I am.
Tom works for NASA.
Life's a funny thing.
The horse does the work and the coachman is tipped.
Tom is an unrepentant sinner.
There's no safe and effective treatment.
I can do that if you let me.
Hello, girls.
I have been looking for lemon juice all day long.
Do you know where I can find it?
We sell orange juice.
Mrs. Smith asked me to go to the city.
She made the juice by herself.
This is certainly the most delicious juice I have ever drunk in my life.
You have forgotten your change.
It's possible that the victim is wounded in the head.
Tom hit me in the head with my laptop. Now it's cracked!
How do you know this?
There is no time for explanation.
Give me your money or else I'll beat you up.
There is a window on your left.
Mary sued her own mother.
Which of the two ways do you choose?
You promised me.
You promised me to come back before summer.
Tom has fallen for Mary's trap.
It's the best I can do.
I'm grateful for what he did.
I'm grateful for what she did.
Do you like your sister?
Do you like your brother?
He called me fat.
It's not pornography, it's art.
It's not porn, it's art.
I won't allow it!
My father won't allow it.
How dare you?
There's no need for violence.
As for incomplete sentences...
Do you like this city?
This photograph reminds me of my childhood.
"I am the most beautiful tree in the garden," exclaimed the peach tree, "or even in the whole world!"
Sister, don't let this patient out of your sight.
He behaves as if he were insane.
I know I'm right.
Stop this infighting! I took you in when no one else would!
Next time I'm at the beach, I'm going to send a message in a bottle.
Spain walked rings around their opponents. The French looked sluggish.
In my country, there is a shocking amount of mathematical ignorance.
My boyfriend never leaves the flat without cigarettes.
The train arrives at platform number 5.
What about you?
I like snow.
I swear I didn't see anything.
I decided to study stenography.
I never argued with my stepmother, nor she gave me the reasons.
He tried to draw the bow with all his strengths and shoot an arrow distantly.
I am still waiting to be told what happened.
Although no one understands, I always tell the truth.
It seems like you're looking for something...
May I help you find something?
The wind still blows strongly.
"Good morning. You're late today, aren't you?" "Yeah, I got a bit caught up."
I have a very beautiful dog.
Do you like juice?
Do you want to go with me or do you prefer I call you a taxi?
I hope you have sweet dreams.
If I had the time, I would visit you with pleasure.
When you have difficulties, I will help you.
Give me back my money!
Why do you like something like that?
Instead of taking notes, I spent the whole class doodling.
Draw me a seven-pointed star.
Philip is nicer than you.
Philip is prettier than you.
I don't know exactly yet.
Please, be creative when posting new phrases on Tatoeba.
There are only food supplements in that mayonnaise!
He's my old friend.
In the worst case scenario we'll just have to look as happy as we can.
Yes, yes, of course.
This isn't Little Black is it?
Is this your family's cat?
Does this cat belong to you?
Thine eyes are as doves.
I want to visit Egypt some day.
It is necessary to know our enemies if we want to defeat them.
No problem, we can help you.
Send us what you want to translate.
This dictionary can also help you.
If you don't find a word in this dictionary, tell me and I will add it.
Thank you for agreeing to help me.
I will have a driving test tomorrow.
Tell me what you need.
This lawyer has never lost a case.
He defends everybody, whether they are rich or poor.
He moved to Istanbul with his wife.
Ken spends an increasing amount of time at work.
I refused to let her take my son.
He was accused of murdering his wife and child.
His work separates him from his wife.
His new job further separates him from his family.
He began to fall in love with his co-worker Mary.
Where did you leave your bike?
This thing seems very plausible to me.
I found him covered in blood.
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife.
Your lawyer should step down from this trial.
It's not music.
It is not music.
It isn't music.
There don't say it it's forbiden, but it's mandatory.
Can someone explain how this always happens?
I think you're my best friend.
I think you are my best friend.
Are you Arabic?
You shouldn't hold people accountable for things they can't control.
The frogs' croaking helped me fall asleep.
He was jailed on trumped-up charges.
The suspect was holed up in an abandoned factory.
I can't hate you.
I cannot hate you.
You won everything!
A little mischief can be a good thing.
She is too young to understand that her father died.
Suddenly, the unicorn approached to me majestically, touched me with its horn and... I woke up with this mark.
She says she can't play billiard, but she wins every time. It must be the beginner's luck.
She's very hard to please.
She's hard to please.
She's insatiable.
She's impossible to satisfy.
He's very hard to please.
He's hard to please.
He's insatiable.
He's impossible to satisfy.
She complains about everything.
That happened to my friend.
We are worn out because we fucked all day long.
There's nothing that you can do about it.
JingXiang is so cute.
Tom is a redneck.
You take there and save inside this. Put it near that.
This dog and that fish are mine, but that bird not.
No gift is more precious than trust.
Attachment isn't compassion.
Easy isn't always simple.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
Searching for the truth is easy. Accepting the truth is hard.
A wise leader knows when to follow.
Courage makes heroes, but trust builds friendship.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
If you ignore the past, you jeopardize the future.
There’s work and there’s your life’s work.
Are you still a virgin?
I don't care about that.
They might take the car.
I have two sons and two daughters.
Come lend me a hand, please!
I'm not taking a vacation this year.
That woman has had a child.
Just themselves know what they're saying.
I'm going on vacation!
That's nice you came to visit me: I'll go get a bottle of red wine from the cellar.
She looks a little young to get married.
My new laptop is thinner and lighter than my old one.
I can't buy it because I have no money.
I can't buy it because I don't have any money.
There are more than seven thousand languages in the world.
Who needs rhetorical questions?
He is similar to his father.
He is like his father.
He appeared unexpectedly after three years of absence.
Our true hope is that there exists life in other worlds.
He is homeless.
He said that Interlingua would be a practical language.
He would prefer to live in a developing country because of the exchange rate.
On the language website, he could not find the selection for Lingua Franca Nova.
He found few Tagalog books amongst the mostly English books at the Filipino bookstore.
The Ministry of Education increased the proportion of indigenous language usage in the schools.
Which peoples of Earth are curious enough to want to venture into outer space?
My neighbour thinks that people do not know what to expect in increased awareness of outer space because it could cause a paradigm shift in society.
Her education was so minimal that she could not even name the eight planets of our Solar System.
How is your religion relevant on planet Mars?
Is the concept of wanting to colonize Mars worthwhile?
Mars' equatorial radius is a factor of 0.533 of Earth's.
In his fantasy, Mars is like Australia.
This is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
That is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
The atmosphere on Mars is over 95% carbon dioxide.
He's a physicist working on teleportation.
Dad, do you believe in ghosts?
The mean radius of Saturn's moon Titan is a factor of 0.404 of Earth's.
Over 95% of Titan's atmosphere is nitrogen.
Titan's surface gravity is 0.14 g.
Studying the surface features of Mars is still referred to as "geography."
Titan's surface pressure is 146.7 kPa, whilst Earth's is 101.325 kPa.
If there are the smallest signs of life on Mars, it could prove the theory of Panspermia.
Astrobiologists wonder whether life outside the Earth is based on DNA as on the Earth.
Hundreds of extrasolar planets have been discovered.
The pharmaceutical company is looking for the Elixir of Life to stop the ageing process.
His uncle approved the development of human cloning.
Living in a colony on Titan, Tomas' grandson was a clone of his son, who was a clone of himself, Tomas. They were three generations of clones.
The army decided to clone hundreds of copies of the handsome, athletic man.
The handsome soldier was one of thousands of clones of himself.
I'll take you home.
He said that Raëlism was his religion.
I'd love to hold you in my arms.
I would do anything just to hold you in my arms.
She doesn't even remember me.
Clean up your own mess.
I won't forgive what you did to me.
Does money bring happiness?
He's gone senile.
That boy is in love with his teacher.
We're planting seeds.
Someone's here to see you.
I won't let anyone hurt you.
I won't let nobody hurt you.
Cut the power!
I'm not like you.
This is all your fault.
You're nothing but trouble.
Girls are nothing but trouble.
He broke my heart.
She broke my heart.
To hell with them.
It's a feel good movie.
The acting is very good.
I cannot stop it.
I cannot stop him.
I cannot stop her.
He cannot stop it.
He cannot stop him.
He cannot stop her.
He cannot stop them.
She cannot stop it.
She cannot stop him.
She cannot stop her.
She cannot stop them.
They cannot stop it.
They cannot stop him.
They cannot stop her.
They cannot stop us.
He cannot stop us.
She cannot stop us.
They cannot stop me.
He cannot stop me.
She cannot stop me.
I can't stop laughing.
He can't stop laughing.
She can't stop laughing.
They can't stop laughing.
The ring is cursed.
I can't stop it.
I can't stop him.
I can't stop her.
He can't stop it.
He can't stop him.
He can't stop her.
He can't stop them.
She can't stop it.
She can't stop him.
She can't stop her.
She can't stop them.
They can't stop it.
They can't stop him.
They can't stop her.
They can't stop us.
He can't stop us.
She can't stop us.
They can't stop me.
He can't stop me.
The Galapagos Islands giant tortoise known as Lonesome George is dead.
Lonesome George passed away.
The giant tortoise Lonesome George has died on the Galapagos Islands.
Lonesome George, the last remaining tortoise of his kind, died of unknown causes.
Lonesome George was the last giant tortoise of his kind.
Biologists released some turtles into the sea.
Giant tortoises were decimated by pirates in the 18th and 19th century.
His campaign is playing on the fears of the voters.
I don't know what I said or did to make him think that we're close friends.
I hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Knock, Knock. Who's there?
The stick is sticky.
I work all day long.
I don't know where to turn to.
It's a tough pill to swallow.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
You must swallow the pill.
I have trouble swallowing pills.
It just needs a little love.
It really whips the llama's ass!
Are you circumcised?
It's just a money making scam.
My son wants to go to med school.
Here we go again.
I brush my teeth every morning.
It's about fucking time.
It's your body.
It's your body. Take care of it.
They no longer sell the product.
I like my friends.
Mary likes to bake bread.
It's not deep enough.
The story is awful.
You would never do such a thing.
I would never do such a thing.
Tom works on Wall Street.
Tom likes reality TV.
Did you have a good time in Vegas?
I don't even know him.
I don't even know her.
I don't even know them.
Why are you showing me this?
I'll teach you a lesson that you won't forget.
I'll teach you a lesson you won't forget.
You should stay away from that woman.
You should stay away from that guy.
I think my leg's broken.
You should stay away from her.
You should stay away from him.
There is no path through fire.
Music and sound are very related.
We've been making music from even before we began writing.
Music is a form of entertainment.
Music is a good way to fight silence.
Hares have long ears.
She wants to work at the hospital.
That's so cute.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Nothing can stop you.
Thanks for your time.
I'm in your debt.
That's not my problem.
Ave Maria.
Do you believe in magic?
I'll be late to work.
You're the only one.
We'll make a fortune.
He's taking a nap.
She's taking a nap.
The kitten is taking a nap.
I know what I'm doing.
He knows what he's doing.
She knows what she's doing.
What a loser!
You're no fun.
Will you try this on?
Will you try this on for me?
Don't get too excited.
Please, do not get excited.
I feel so embarrassed.
Fashion is a vicious cycle.
We will meet again.
Be a good boy.
Be a good girl.
This isn't a game.
How can you be so selfish?
I haven't been sleeping well.
She's my friend.
They're capoiera dancers.
I'll play along.
I don't think he can handle the truth.
Tom isn't looking for a relationship.
Did I say something?
Did I say something wrong?
Did I do something wrong?
Did I do something?
You don't get it, do you?
I don't know your real name.
But, soft! Methinks I scent the morning air; brief let me be.
Can you tell where this is?
Do you happen to have the time?
What's happened?
It was a national scandal.
This cyclist uses EPO.
She won a medal when she was just 15 years old.
Why pay when you can get it for free?
Is this time different?
Tom called me a party pooper because I left the party just after midnight.
I have to stop procrastinating.
I must stop procrastinating.
That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Is there the subtitled version?
That man is just a bigot.
I want it even without subtitles!
Nothing is written on the helicopter.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
I'm just a little dizzy.
I can't breathe.
Tom and Mary get along very well.
What did you expect?
The boy grabbed his sister by the legs and dragged her all over the room until she admitted defeat.
I wish she could have come.
Don't drag the table! You lift it and then you move it.
Why do you have so many handkerchiefs?
Someone help me.
Could you drop me at the bus station?
They can't do that.
She can't do that.
I can't do that.
The cat can't do that.
Finish cleaning of the swimming pool and the boss will pay you.
I'm not so sure anymore.
You don't have the right to work at the meeting room.
My children are too young to eat solid food, so I make mashed food for them every day.
I'm not so sure that I like Mary as much as the first time I saw her.
This is a meeting room, it's not an office.
Who left their belongings in the meeting room?
The meeting room must be clean.
We take all the company visitors to the meeting room.
I tied a stick to the plant to straighten it.
Please, get into the meeting room.
This meeting room is small.
This meeting room is not big enough for twenty workers.
The meeting room must be able to receive all the workers of the company.
I have found a dead cockroach in the meeting room.
This is a recipe for disaster.
What would a cockroach do in a meeting room?
Don't try too hard!
What brought a cockroach to a meeting room?
Somebody has been eating in the meeting room.
It is forbidden to eat at the meeting room.
What are your measurements?
Tom is very sweet.
You leave me no choice.
That's how it started.
I broke up with him.
I broke up with her.
I think about it often.
I think about him often.
I think about her often.
I think about them often.
She's acting on her own.
He's acting on his own.
They're acting on their own.
This made me very sad.
That made me very sad.
Have you ever flown in a blimp?
It's about as easy to start a union in a Walmart as it is to start an atheist club in the Vatican.
Yesterday I was clever and tried to change the world, and today I have become wise and started with myself.
Don't look into the abyss. Otherwise, the abyss will gaze into you.
Love comes in all shapes and sizes.
The future has many paths - choose wisely.
Fear is a great motivator.
Those who enforce the law must obey the law.
When destiny calls, the chosen have no choice.
Only through fire is a strong sword forged.
Crowns are inherited, kingdoms are earned.
A person's true value can't be seen by eyes.
Where is the meeting room?
This company doesn't even have a meeting room.
Where do you hold your meetings?
And you call this a meeting room?
A lot of pictures are hung in the meeting room.
Please, don't forget to close the door of the meeting room.
There is somebody in the meeting room.
There is a stranger in the meeting room.
I forgot my phone at the meeting room.
Did you find my phone in the meeting room?
Who is working at the meeting room?
When you leave the meeting room, please, switch off the light.
Why did you leave the light on in the meeting room?
I don't want anyone smoking in the meeting room.
I thought there was somebody in the meeting room.
Take this chair to the meeting room.
Take this chair back to the meeting room.
This chair belongs in the meeting room.
There are not enough chairs in the meeting room.
Our meeting room is dirty. It's a shame.
Don't leave any computer in the meeting room.
Wait for me in the meeting room.
I waited for an hour in the meeting room.
I had that test in the meeting room.
In our head office, we have two meeting rooms.
This meeting room has three doors.
Our meeting room has no windows.
Take some bottles of water to the meeting room.
The shy Chinese cleaner brought us tea to the meeting room.
I saw many signs written in Chinese in the meeting room.
I had my job interview in the meeting room.
This is the meeting room but there are almost no meetings held here.
"Where is everybody?" "In the meeting room".
I saw her in the meeting room.
I sometimes pray in the meeting room.
We had lunch in the meeting room.
Is it possible to lock the doors of the meeting room?
I didn't know that it was possible to lock the door of the meeting room.
There is a cat in the meeting room.
How many meeting rooms do you have in this building?
Did you check whether your phone was in the meeting room?
There are only two sockets in the meeting room.
Two sockets are not enough for a meeting room.
There is no sign indicating that this is a meeting room.
Don't let anyone wait in the meeting room.
This is a meeting room, not a waiting room.
We have a meeting room in the second floor and another one in the third floor.
The general manager is in the meeting room.
This meeting room needs to be repainted.
I have so many things I don't need.
People walk on the sidewalk. Cars cross the streets.
A cat has a tail and four legs.
My house is empty.
Buildings have several floors.
Neurons are cells.
We only have a limited number of neurons.
Stand up if you hate Scotland!
Not all species of spiders are poisonous.
It's a series of tubes.
The tubes are clogged.
These politicians want to build a bridge to nowhere.
I smell blood.
I'm not telling you.
Where's Tom when you need him?
I hope you're happy.
I'm not your friend.
Get away from me.
He did a good job.
She did a good job.
They did a good job.
This is where I was born.
Are you satisfied?
Is he satisfied?
Is she satisfied?
Are they satisfied?
What makes you think that isn't true?
Can you go faster?
Can you do it faster?
The world is cruel.
He's still young.
She's still young.
I just want to cry.
Tom is insanely rich.
You're not my friend anymore.
It's not going to end well.
This is not going to end well.
I'll play with you.
It was very painful.
Corporations aren't people.
Corporations are not people.
The nurses are very nice.
Antares is a red star.
My frightening tale is based on facts.
We start in half an hour!
I can resist everything but temptation.
The door of the meeting room is open.
Mr. Wang went to the meeting room.
Mr. Wang is waiting for the manager in the meeting room.
There is a bad smell in the meeting room.
Who left food on the table of the meeting room?
What are the drivers doing in the meeting room?
Only cleaners are authorized to enter into the meeting room.
Mr. Wang usually has a nap in the meeting room.
I said that this was a meeting room, not a bedroom!
It takes so long for my baby to fall asleep.
On the days he doesn't take a nap, he's bad tempered.
I had a nap for about an hour.
After lunch, they usually have a nap.
He unexpectedly met her in the market.
Lida is a close friend of Mary's.
Mary and Tom experienced happy times together.
He befriended a thief called Tom.
Tom realized that he had fallen in love with Mary.
It was revealed that Mary was pregnant.
She decided she will not continue her relationship with him.
Tom proposed to me.
They stayed one more day together.
He gave her a gift that would remind her of the happy days they experienced together.
She asked him to leave and take all his belongings.
Tom was completely confused.
This is how I want to be remembered.
She will return home to her family.
One may only catch the tiger cub by entering the tiger's den.
Where can I buy a live tiger?
We're in danger.
He's in danger.
She's in danger.
They're in danger.
You're in danger.
He's not stronger than me.
She's not stronger than me.
He's stronger than me.
She's stronger than me.
They will be evicted in July.
Tom's house doesn't have electricity.
He gave me a big hug.
She gave me a big hug.
I owe you my life.
I knew there was something wrong about that girl.
Don't try to fool me.
A country without enough labour force cannot be self sufficient.
Is this appropriate?
We thought that you would not come because of your commitments.
I need to press the button.
You need to press the button.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
Keep your eye on him.
Keep your eye on her.
The policeman who is easily frightened is funny; the policeman who is indifferent to the misfortunes of others is terrible.
Monday begins on Saturday.
The dawns are calm here...
A great student is what the teacher hopes to be.
I am self-catering.
I only did my duty.
She will live forever in our hearts.
He will live forever in our hearts.
He will forever be in our hearts.
She felt something crawl up her leg.
The real name of Obamacare is the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Tanning can cause skin cancer.
You've got a cute friend.
Wanna try the hot tub?
How does it feel?
How did it feel?
Trust me on this.
I didn't steal it.
It's a luxury we can't afford.
He knows the truth.
She knows the truth.
They know the truth.
Ain't she cute?
Ain't he cute?
Tom has a big heart.
He's down to earth.
She's down to earth.
Did you see that?
It's my turn.
You made my day.
How does she do it?
How does he do it?
He took me for everything I had.
She's so hot!
He's so hot!
The heart is located in the chest.
The sun shines during the day; the moon during the night.
No one can step twice into the same river.
I live in a country where the cost of a liter of petrol is cheaper than of a liter of water.
It's over nine thousand!
Do you like confectionery?
There is nothing to be proud of.
I should follow the example.
I have to let off steam.
I must let off steam.
Let's see it.
I have a question to pose you.
What's Christmas like at your house?
We can't wait for the weekend.
There's hope for everybody.
There is hope for everybody.
Do you like the taste of truffle?
That tax is completely useless.
The farm!
Where is the nearest tavern?
Where's the nearest tavern?
Let's go get drunk at the tavern.
Why did I never make a movie during my numerous journeys?
What I don't want to lose is love.
I crossed the dark street.
This is a fact.
We wish him the best in his future endeavors.
We wish him all success in his future endeavor.
I wish him the very best in his future endeavors.
I wish her the very best in her future endeavors.
We wish him well in his future endeavors.
We wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors.
The above stated facts are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Tom works in a call center.
What is the purpose of the stock market?
Everybody knows what he wants, but not everyone knows what he can.
You owe me one.
We must protect the children.
We can't give up.
You can't give up.
I can't give up.
We can't give up now.
You can't give up now.
I can't give up now.
What's wrong with him?
What's wrong with her?
What's wrong with them?
He does it fast.
She does it fast.
He does it faster than me.
She does it faster than me.
They do it faster than me.
He does it faster than you.
She does it faster than you.
They do it faster than us.
You are a bad person.
I am a bad person.
He is a bad person.
She is a bad person.
She's a yoga instructor.
There's nothing we can do.
What is a life worth living?
He's screaming, not singing.
She's screaming, not singing.
He wants to study music and dance.
She wants to study music and dance.
You've been warned.
Save the rainforest!
The world's rainforests are currently disappearing.
I'm not the only one who feels that way.
You're not the only one who feels that way.
This is one of the reasons why I love Tatoeba.
Do you have health insurance?
It wouldn't surprise me.
She's very experienced.
He's very experienced.
It's completely irrational.
Don't call 911! You have to call 112.
Tom has prostate cancer.
My country is the greatest country in the world.
He lives in a trailer park.
She lives in a trailer park.
He's demented.
She's demented.
Are you smoking crack?
Are you smoking crack or something?
I'm just curious.
He's the owner of the company.
Nothing has changed.
I'm new here.
Hi! I'm new here.
This is nothing more than wishful thinking.
I wish I was kidding.
It works pretty well here.
Tom went to the massage parlor.
I was born during the Cold War.
Stop being fucking retarded!
Stop being so fucking retarded!
Stop being so silly!
It's more complicated than that.
This is nothing more than xenophobia.
This is not the first time this has happened.
Do you think I can use my cellphone in the shower?
The public demands answers.
Tom's dream is to be a schoolteacher.
I heard strange noises coming from his bedroom.
My job is boring.
The child is suffering from the heat.
My cat is suffering from the heat.
There are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood.
He was my first boyfriend.
She was my first girlfriend.
I don't want to die!
They worked through the night.
He worked through the night.
She worked through the night.
There is little hope.
Tom wears a gold wristwatch.
Tom was roughed up by the police.
These cops are dirty.
Tom smelled a rat.
It could have been any one of us.
It's a popular vacation spot.
It's a perfect day.
Mary is playing with her doll house.
The mic is yours.
Would you like to take the mic?
Give me the mic.
It's your turn to read.
"Would you like to read?" "No, thanks. I'm just listening."
Why the long face?
Today is the end of independence.
I confess I'm miserable.
Life is rich in sacrifices and poor in retributions.
My folding bike is the cleverest piece of kit, ever.
The excitement is palpable!
I have a palpable proof.
I have an evident proof.
By the sponsorship of the sponsors you see here we humbly send this program to you.　
Are you able to solve it?
Tom doesn't like maths.
Tom doesn't like mathematics.
Her dress is blue with white spots.
You had just turned on the radio.
He is a doctor, but also a writer.
Do you like oysters?
He won the lottery.
She won the lottery.
They won the lottery.
It was just a one-night stand.
It was one of the best nights I've had.
He's really gorgeous.
She's really gorgeous.
She has gained a few pounds.
He has gained a few pounds.
Her husband was also her high school crush.
He is having an affair with his secretary.
They went to Italy for their honeymoon.
They played strip poker.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
This joke relies on a double entendre.
I don't understand British humour.
He doesn't understand British humour.
She doesn't understand British humour.
He was wounded in a burglary.
He could not resist the temptation.
She could not resist the temptation.
He spied on her while she was bathing.
They spied on her while she was bathing.
She spied on him while he was bathing.
They spied on him while he was bathing.
I have lucid dreams.
Do you have lucid dreams?
He had an out-of-body experience.
She had an out-of-body experience.
He wears an eyepatch.
She wears an eyepatch.
I'm not in the mood anymore.
They had a pillow fight.
There are no rules.
He was late to his own wedding.
She was late at her wedding.
It was just a fling.
My boyfriend sometimes flirts with other girls.
My girlfriend sometimes flirts with other boys.
My apartment is near.
You don't understand British humour.
She regretted it afterwards.
He regretted it afterwards.
Her book has sold more than 20 million copies.
It's perfectly normal.
You're perfectly normal.
Don't worry, you're perfectly normal.
True friendship is precious just because it's rare.
True friendship is precious just because it is rare.
Watch out! This monkey is vicious.
I don't know what's going on.
He doesn't know what's going on.
She doesn't know what's going on.
When she saw me naked, she started laughing.
He started laughing hysterically.
She started laughing hysterically.
He tried to hide what was really going on.
She tried to hide what was really going on.
They tried to hide what was really going on.
Does it hurt?
Can you give me that?
He got his tongue pierced.
I'd like you to give me that.
She got her tongue pierced.
I want to buy that.
Please sell me that.
She's wild in bed.
He's wild in bed.
Who sells this?
Please, I'd like you to lend this to me.
Let's get down and dirty.
How long can I borrow it?
They bought a home with a pool.
I'm starting to feel desperate.
He's starting to feel desperate.
She's starting to feel desperate.
Give me some more.
He fell asleep during class.
She fell asleep during class.
Where is a doctor?
Where is a hospital?
Everyone laughed.
My head is too hot.
They had a heated discussion.
They had a debate on same-sex marriage.
I would do anything to get a job.
It's obvious that he's not used to living on a tight budget.
Do I need doctor's permission to use this medicine?
I have a stomach ache.
Where is a nearby pharmacy?
Do you live with someone?
Do you find me pretty?
How much do you earn?
What is your father's name?
I prefer the blue one over the red one.
I speak English.
You will have a new brother.
You will have a new sister.
He was surprised by what he learned.
She was surprised by what she learned.
I was surprised by what I learned.
They're smiling at each other.
What you just said about yourself is true for me too.
I just got my first tattoo.
I love you - I love you too.
I'll never forget my first experience.
I request.
I do not agree.
I'm on holiday.
Take this three times a day for the next two weeks.
It's a matter of personal taste.
It's an acquired taste.
How do I get to the train station?
It's a cultural thing.
Take your time. There's no rush.
I'd like a ticket to Boston.
"One way or round trip?" "One way, please."
What platform does the train leave from?
When is the first bus to Boston?
Please let me off at the next stop.
Where is a Chinese restaurant?
The world has ended yesterday while I was sleeping.
That's all right.
They stole my lover and all the colors of happiness.
What is your size?
My pants are ruined.
Have you already been to place ...?
I've got something for you.
Do you have a lover?
Do you have lovers?
Did you know that ...?
I live in America.
You can take the bus to the station.
I bought an electric car.
I bought a hybrid.
She has small breasts, but I don't mind.
He broke my nose!
Tom got into a fight with his brother.
I'm sure we can work this out.
He kicked him while he was down.
Tom lives with Mary in Memphis.
They want to get married.
After he awoke, he realized that he was on a desert island.
This boat is made with high grade aluminum and high strength iron.
Just ignore him.
Just ignore her.
How many dolls do you have?
Do you shower every day?
He has frequent arguments with his wife.
He has regular conversations with his wife.
Her parents hate me.
Her parents hate him.
I hate her parents.
He hates her parents.
Tom fell from the boat and was lost.
Tom was given up for dead, but he reappeared.
I understand the risks.
He understands the risks.
He doesn't understand the risks.
She doesn't understand the risks.
He grew his beard and hair in order to look old.
Parents need to set the rules around the house.
Parents should monitor their children's whereabouts.
Parents should monitor their children's activities.
He's old enough to be her grandfather.
He's skilled at videogames.
You're spending too much time watching TV.
You're spending too much time on the computer.
He's spending too much time watching TV.
She's spending too much time watching TV.
He's spending too much time on the computer.
She's spending too much time on the computer.
He was the only one not invited to the party.
She was the only one not invited to the party.
I was the only one not invited to the party.
I don't have time to do the laundry.
I don't belong here.
Children should obey authority.
His parents hate me.
His parents hate him.
With eyes or with hands, we started greeting but I don't remember that day who started the talking, but I do remember my eyes running toward him, and in seconds, I found my heart full of affection of him.
I hate his parents.
She understands the risks.
You understand the risks.
I don't want to see you here again.
What a poor flower!
That's what I told him.
That's what I told them.
Where did you bring these plates from?
How do I get to the city?
How do I get to the bus station?
How do I get to the airport?
How do I get to the post office?
How do I get to the library?
How do I get to the used bookstore?
How do I get to a restaurant?
I'm pleased with his performance.
I'm pleased with her performance.
I'm pleased with their performance.
You can't just walk in here.
Keep your hands to yourself.
Life's unfair.
That tradition has fallen into desuetude.
You don't belong here.
Tom believes that the rich deserve to be rich and that the poor deserve to be poor.
I'll call the police!
If you can understand this sentence then you need to have sex with someone.
I named my daughter Nairu wishing her long life.
It's bad for business.
We had a lot of rain this month.
Why do you look so distraught?
He looked into the sky and at the stars.
Yaakov fed the sheep.
I can't remember what I ate last night.
He put the gun to his head.
This needs political action.
I work every day except Saturday.
My brothers left and we stayed here.
I see you as in reality.
Courses in Ladino from the 8th of November.
He works day and night to provide for his family.
I'm travelling alone.
Tom was the first to the table.
Tell Tom to give you some scissors.
Divide and conquer.
The day after going to the gym, parts of my body hurt that I didn't even know I had.
It will grow back.
Your hair will grow back.
Dolphins are curious.
Don't add me on Facebook, I've already told you that I don't want anything more to do with you.
Don't worry, I'll be back before twelve.
She got more than she bargained for.
He got more than he bargained for.
We were hoping something interesting would happen.
We'll have to pull an all-nighter.
You should get some rest.
Don't get the wrong idea.
How can you be so optimistic?
I want to be normal.
Only cats are born simply like that.
Everything's gone wrong.
It's not even on the map.
Is there some ketchup?
Would you pass me the ketchup?
What a kitsch programme it is!
This man is Kenyan.
I thank you for your helpfulness.
I thank you for your willingness.
France should be full.
What's this anglicism?
This is an easy route.
This is an easy way.
Let's hope that tomorrow he'll transform himself again!
That man is Kenyan.
That is a unicellular organism.
You answered by yourself.
I say this as a compliment.
So, how should one behave?
Define for me stupidity!
I've been told your name.
I knew he didn't die.
Who is the fifteenth?
It's a newspaper like all the others.
But did they watch the match?
Don't watch soccer anymore.
Prisons aren't enough.
What is bullfighting?
Do as the other newspapers do!
I don't have a salary because I don't have a job.
Do not touch the fruit!
That tambourine is broken.
That drum has a very strange sound.
My left heel is inflamed.
You must keep calm!
What is the thaler?
Pass me that notebook.
Let's go to shoplift the supermarket.
I can't understand this table.
The water is ice-cold.
The water is icy.
We're already mounting it.
We are already mounting it.
If you can't read, it's not my fault.
Why shouldn't they let you pay for it?
I always loved your delicacy.
This is romanticism.
This is sentimentalism.
They said he's very rich.
You should have been more prudent.
I'm very surprised to see you here.
Today, I have a good appetite.
I haven't seen them in a long time.
I'm truly sorry for having offended you.
I was naive.
He was naive.
She was naive.
They were naive.
Don't get too familiar.
We are three hours from São Paulo.
Hi! You are Peter's friend, aren't you?
How do babies communicate with their parents?
I can't say anything about that.
If you don't like it, then don't eat it.
With a hammer and nails in her hand, she headed straight here.
If I hear one more sentence about tennis, I'll go crazy.
Where are your grandchildren?
And with that we finish the activities for today.
Try to look ahead.
Come and keep me company.
The dog is peeing on the sofa.
There are significant differences between those two countries.
Spain is a European country.
I was always a loner.
Marcos is a geologist.
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city.
In Hungary they speak Hungarian.
Romania is a Balkan country. Its capital is Bucharest.
Bucharest has a population of 2.1 million.
There may be others.
There's no sign of infection.
He smells bad.
She smells bad.
They smell bad.
Did you keep in touch?
Can we hurry this up?
You don't know that.
Is there anything I should know?
There is no food left.
He won't live much longer.
She won't live much longer.
It was the happiest time of my life.
That boy is really shy.
That girl is really shy.
I want to help.
I'm sorry, I just wanted to help.
Try to go slower.
You're the last hope for humanity.
The earliest civilizations arose in Mesopotamia.
I made her cry.
I made him cry.
He made her cry.
She made him cry.
There's no way to escape.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
You should be able to walk in a few days.
What trouble can she cause?
What trouble can he cause?
We will defeat them.
He will defeat them.
She will defeat them.
Lots of religious songs in Ladino are translations from Hebrew.
She's not a liar.
The capital city of France is Paris.
He's not a liar.
I don't want to live.
I want to write an article.
I really hate job hunting.
The plural of ox is oxen.
This is a time of rejoicing.
We better hurry.
The old man has missing teeth.
She's feeling much better.
He's feeling much better.
Tom says he did not mean to kill her.
Mary says she did not mean to kill him.
Someone spiked her drink.
I saw her spike his drink.
You're spoiling the mood.
It's not legal to keep wild animals as pets.
What utter nonsense.
This author is critical of the mainstream media.
Tom believes that the government wants to hide the truth about aliens.
She didn't get caught.
He didn't get caught.
He got caught.
She got caught.
I have a flexible schedule.
She looks confused.
He looks confused.
Is it too small?
Is it too big?
It's just the right size.
We can't stay here.
We can't stay here. The roof is about to collapse!
It's the house specialty.
It's a bit intimidating.
Say something!
Don't just stand there.
Don't just stand there, say something.
It was a great trip.
I will not let you do it.
He came from the south.
Do good for a villain, he'll shit in your hand.
I am Macedonian.
You just don't get it, do you?
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
I'll eat almost anything, but I'm very fickle when it comes to cheese.
Toyota's new car sports a hefty price tag.
With our lesson plan you can learn at your own pace.
It took a little cajoling but I finally got her to eat her broccoli.
When you stand so close to death, knowing that it will not touch you, you feel something special!
I think that whoever created the Universe, a hole in the sky above him, also had no idea what is the "Universe".
Destiny is not a fool, it will not make people meet for nothing ...
The truly wise people usually lack the obsession.
Best travel is one that has no end.
Do you like fruit salad?
The world will be what you're going to see it.
I refuse to be taken in by her guile.
She is an absent-minded and unreliable person.
Who is the prettiest of the girls?
How did you get this money?
It is difficult to make him happy.
Here is the hospital where I was born.
I have an abnormal appetite.
Water is liquid. It becomes solid when it freezes.
Though he is busy but tommorrow may be free.
Who remembers him?
It becomes hell and heaven even if the hearts who see the same worl mistake.
He is Ethiopian.
You must accept your role.
You have to accept your role.
Doctor, help me!
Doctor, can you hear me out?
We really didn't know anything.
When will you have enough?
Everybody leave.
That day really was very scary.
I really don't know him.
Animals follow their instincts.
The third movement affectionately parodies village musicians and their playing.
I have the conviction that a few weeks in a well-organized summer camp may be of more value educationally than a whole year of formal school work.
I don't want to tell that to anyone.
My husband is useless.
I was feeling guilty in the beginning; it was frustrating to be successful when a lot of my friends weren’t.
If I knew what the picture was going to be like I wouldn’t make it. It was almost like it was made already. The challenge is more about trying to make what you can’t think of.
This recording is distinguished by a successful synthesis of structural clarity and a manner of music-making based on the affects intrinsic to the music.
The antiquities collection is housed in a state-of-the-art facility.
The apple is red.
It is John's apple.
I give John the apple.
We give him the apple.
He gives it to John.
She gives it to him.
He is beyond help.
Look, my house is cleaner than yours.
I'd like to stay here overnight.
She's been learning German for a year now.
The pressure builds.
I'm not English.
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
My grandparents were German, and the language has been passed down to me and my brother.
I spent a year at a school in Russia.
It's been a year since I last saw Shoshannah.
I eventually want to be fluent in German.
I like a lot of things.
I want to give mum a plant.
Tom reads slowly.
Tom drives slowly.
Tom speaks slowly.
Tom writes slowly.
Tom works slowly.
Tom eats slowly.
Tom translates slowly.
Tom is reading a book.
Tom is having dinner.
Tom is watching TV.
Tom is drinking juice.
Tom is taking a shower.
Tom is writing letters.
Tom is watering the garden.
Tom is shaving his beard.
Tom is driving his car.
Tom is sweeping his room.
Tom is cleaning his house.
Tom is reading a novel.
Tom is brushing his teeth.
Tom is washing his car.
Tom is doing the dishes.
Tom is cooking the dinner.
Tom is talking on the phone.
Tom is looking for his keys.
Tom is having a nap.
Tom is swimming.
Tom is playing with his son.
Tom is heating the car.
Tom is singing.
Tom is teaching English.
Tom is learning English.
Tom is brushing his hair.
Tom is repairing his car.
Please revise regularly every day.
Tom is thinking.
Tom is praying.
Tom is crying.
Tom is joking.
Tom is waiting for his friend.
Tom is painting his room.
Tom is laughing.
Tom is coughing.
Tom is throwing up.
Tom is explaining the lesson.
Tom is calling his mother.
Tom is sneezing.
Tom is wiping his nose.
Tom is getting dressed.
Tom is undressing.
Tom is picking flowers.
Tom is running.
Tom is helping his wife.
Tom is memorizing a poem.
I am reading a play.
I am eating a sandwich.
I am watching a film.
I am drinking milk.
I am having a shower.
I am writing an SMS.
I am shaving off my beard.
I am driving a truck.
I am sweeping the yard.
I am cleaning the kitchen.
I am brushing my teeth.
I am washing the windows.
I am doing the dishes.
I am cooking the lunch.
I am talking to my sister.
I am looking for my phone.
I am having a nap.
I am swimming in the lake.
I am playing with my daughter.
I am heating the room.
I am singing with my children.
I am doing shopping at the market.
I am teaching Berber.
Tom is listening to music.
I am learning Chinese.
I am brushing my hair.
I am repairing the washing machine.
I'm trying to figure out a solution.
I am praying.
Tom is working at the garage.
Yes, I am crying.
I am joking.
I am waiting for my driver.
I am painting the garage.
I am laughing at you.
I am coughing.
I am throwing up.
Tom is playing piano.
Tom is downloading games.
I am explaining the rules.
I am calling my father.
I am sneezing.
I am wiping my nose with a handkerchief.
I am getting dressed.
Tom is trying to understand.
I am undressing.
I am picking apples.
I am running to the station.
I am helping my grandfather.
I am memorizing a text.
Tom is dialling a number.
I am listening to a song.
I am working at the workshop.
I am playing guitar.
I am downloading books.
I am trying to help him.
Man, you're drunk.
In 1984, Coke started using HFCS instead of sugar.
It's like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank.
Right. So you had three months.
Can it be that you don't have a bit of creativity, to the point of always inventing the same apology?
After everyone left, he remained, friendless.
Tom, I'm going to ask that you read me the letter.
I love Hollywood movies.
I have some food.
He has talked for a full hour.
Found him, he is over there.
Found it, it's over there.
You'll never have my psychedelic pencil!
They will have money, you will not have the land.
Notice the difference between a sigh of relief and a sigh of grief.
In 1984, Coke started using high-fructose corn syrup as substitute for sugar.
Five or ten minutes would not have made any difference.
She got her hair cut because she likes it not because she had lost her love towards it.
The jet plane took off in an instant.
A good thing cannot be done too soon, no matter how soon you do it.
They passed time by playing cards.
She is concerned about his safety.
Man is a product of his circumstances.
Even if we wanted to, we would not have done it.
You do a great job.
You're fine with short hair.
Investors must distinguish between genuine value creation and wishful thinking.
I would like to live in France.
It is my fear that in an understandable but foolish wish for the European Union to have its own defence capability, politicians are forging ahead with plans that are at best wishful thoughts, and at worst dangerous.
I knelt down to tie my shoes.
She knelt down as she came into the church.
She came completely naked into the room, rendering him speechless.
She has a talent for music.
I've just signed the divorce papers; I'm free at last!
When I came to class late the teacher didn't let me in.
Is a punishment for latecomers being considered?
I am sorry to all of you for being late.
Your order will be ready within half an hour.
It's getting late so I'd better get going.
I didn't expect you to come so soon.
The earliest I can come is around 3.
I'm a vegetarian.
I'm really tired; I think I'll go to bed.
She earns more than she spends.
I've got a bad stomachache.
I can speak Esperanto as if it's my mother tongue.
There's a cat on the table.
His gamely gesture was much appreciated.
I have too much homework today.
Their trip has been cancelled due to rain.
These tomatoes don't have any taste.
She was the first girl to win that contest.
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman in space.
Tell me, what do you remember?
I'm very grateful to you.
Come here. I'll show you something.
Could you show me the way to the theatre?
You have to choose your own path in life.
We can't find a good sewing machine anywhere.
I can't remember where I put the good sewing machine.
Which one of these two is the good one?
She can't understand other people.
We'll stay here until the next contest.
Until next year!
Tom is aiming at a bird.
Tom is annoying Mary.
Tom is arguing with Mary.
Tom is asking questions to the teacher.
Mary is baking a cake.
The dog is barking.
Tom is baking a pizza.
Tom is beating Mary.
The dog is biting Tom.
Tom is blinking his eyes.
Mary is breast-feeding her baby.
Tom is breathing.
Tom is calling back.
Tom is calling Mary names.
Tom is changing his clothes.
Tom is checking his mailbox.
Tom is chewing something.
I will focus on the explanation of the festival.
It is an ancient, popular and traditional festival.
Beautiful fireworks conclude these two joyful days.
The festival was created in 1869 and it was organized by the millers.
The cat is clawing Tom.
Tom is clearing his throat.
Tom is clearing the garden.
Tom is climbing a tree.
Tom is closing the store.
Tom is complaining to the manager.
Tom is correcting exam papers.
Tom is digging a hole.
Tom is disturbing Mary.
Tom is dozing.
Tom is dozing off.
Tom is adding sentences to Tatoeba.
Tom is calculating his salary.
Tom is drawing something.
Tom is dreaming.
Tom is drilling the wall.
Tom is driving the car into the garage.
Tom is drowning!
Tom is dying.
Tom is dyeing his hair.
The temperature is falling.
Tom is fanning himself.
The forest is burning.
Tom is extinguishing the fire.
Tom is feeding the cows.
Tom is feeling nauseous.
Tom is inflating a balloon.
Tom is filling a bottle with water.
Tom is finishing his work.
Tom is fishing on the river.
Tom is encouraging his students.
Tom is following Mary.
Tom is frying an egg.
Tom is boiling an egg.
Everything is getting cheap.
Everything is getting expensive.
Tom is going down the stairs.
Tom is going to the bank.
Tom is going up the stairs.
Tom is grilling meat.
Tom's hair is growing.
The baby is growing up.
Tom is harvesting in the field.
Tom is having a rest.
The wound is healing.
Tom is imitating the teacher.
Tom is ironing his shirt.
Tom is folding his shirt.
Tom is jumping of joy.
Why does he always behave so badly?
Tom is decorating his room.
Tom is kissing his wife.
Tom is kneading the dough.
This can is leaking.
Tom is lighting a cigarette.
Tom is limping along.
Tom is lying.
Tom is making faces.
Tom is gesticulating.
Mary is making herself up.
Mary is mending the carpet.
Tom is milking the cow.
Say what you want.
Tom is miming Mary.
Tom is mixing flour with sugar.
Tom is packing up.
Tom is paling.
Tom is parking the van.
Tom is patting his dog.
Tom is paying a fine.
Tom is picking his nose.
Tom is plucking a chicken.
Tom is pouring a glass of milk.
Tom is pruning the trees.
Tom is pulling Mary's hair.
Tom is putting his cigarette off.
Tom is putting his pens into the pencil case.
Tom is receiving treatment.
Tom is remembering the names of his friends.
Tom is riding a bicycle.
The cat is meowing.
The horse is neighing.
The bull is mooing.
Tom is building a wall.
The pigeon is cooing.
The engine is purring.
Tom is rinsing the dishes.
The temperature is rising.
Tom is scaring the crows away.
Tom is scolding Mary.
Tom is fighting in the street.
Mary is screaming.
The baby is screaming.
The car is screeching.
Tom is sending a fax.
Tom is sewing his jacket.
Tom is shaking.
Tom is consoling Mary.
Tom is shaking hands with the manager.
Tom is shearing the sheep.
Tom is shouting at Mary.
Tom is showing his wound.
Tom is braking.
Tom is signing documents.
Tom is slaughtering a sheep.
Mary is smelling the flowers.
Tom is smiling at the baby.
Tom is smoking.
Tom is sticking a bill on the wall.
Tom is hanging a picture on the wall.
Tom is basking in the sun.
This fish is stinking.
Tom is warming himself by the fire.
Tom is stirring his coffee.
Tom is stuttering.
The chicken is cackling.
The jackal is howling.
The sheep is bleating.
I'm not wearing any underwear.
I am not wearing any underwear.
Who hired you?
The billy goat is bleating.
Always look on the bright side of life.
The baby is sucking his finger.
The baby is suckling.
My neighbor complained about the noise.
Tom is swearing.
My roommate complained about the noise.
Tom is sweating.
Tom is taking a rest.
Tom is talking in his sleep.
Tom is taking pictures.
Tom is telling a story.
Tom is massaging his knees.
It's an indie movie.
It's a Hindi movie.
It's an Indy movie.
This is not funny anymore.
I'll save the money for the next time.
Tom is throwing stones at birds.
Tom is training.
Tom is treating a patient.
Tom is trying on shoes.
Tom is turning down the sound of the radio.
Tom is turning up the sound of the TV.
It's healthy and normal.
Leave me a bit of ice cream.
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.
I didn't do it for you.
It was all for nothing.
She is always trying new things.
She's very understanding.
He's very understanding.
The teacher has never made fun of the students' mistakes.
Tom is very talented.
He is not angry anymore.
Oww, it hurts. I'll pay attention next time.
No, you misunderstood.
The price is good.
I'll open the window a bit.
There are a lot of books in our school's library.
Only peace can save the world.
Could you tell me?
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?
There are 30 students in our class.
Tusnelda was the wife of Arminio.
Tusnelda was Arminio's wife.
I work as a salesman.
When it comes to animals, this can't be considered as being something cruel.
But that's not the last train, right?
Tom is repeating what he said.
Tom is swearing at Ken.
Tom is recruiting new workers.
You will be killed!
Tom is mocking Ken.
Foxes eat hens.
I receive a million messages a day and I can't answer them all.
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger.
I prefer translation to teaching.
I have never thought about becoming a teacher.
What do you think of this place?
I would always go swimming in the sea when I was little.
Be a good child!
You're doing it right.
He's doing it right.
She's doing it right.
They're doing it right.
Sorry, I still don't know enough to reply in Esperanto.
We were waiting for news from downstairs.
What exam were you taking?
Tom is waking up.
Tom is wasting his time.
Tom is sharpening a knife.
Tom is wearing his coat.
Mary is weaving a carpet.
Mary is spinning wool.
Tom is whistling.
Tom is winking at Ken.
Tom is wiping the table.
The snake is wriggling.
She has nothing against it.
Tom is yawning.
He has nothing against it.
We have nothing against it.
They have nothing against it.
How can you concentrate?
Tom is standing in the garden.
I need to stop.
You need to stop.
Tom is yelling.
I am adding examples to Tatoeba.
We all would be better today.
I am aiming at that duck.
I am annoying my sister.
Tom is bragging about his new car.
We won't forgive you.
Mary is hanging up washing.
I'm arguing with my friend.
Mary is hanging out washing.
I am asking questions to my father.
You did the right thing.
He did the right thing.
She did the right thing.
They did the right thing.
I am baking bread.
Could you come back a little later?
We are baking cookies.
The dog is barking at Tom.
Dolphins are weird.
I am basking in the spring sun.
Mary is beating her daughter.
I am beating my dog.
The chicken is pecking at Tom.
I have a vivid imagination.
He has a vivid imagination.
She has a vivid imagination.
This is not my specialty.
Can my friend sleep over tonight?
Motivation is the key to success.
It's not my style.
It's not your style.
It's not his style.
It's not her style.
The important thing is that they are all fine.
When air dries, the throat dries, and cough comes out.
When air dries, it makes thirsty and cough.
How am I supposed to eat?
Tom is a real man.
I'm a real man.
He's a real man.
He won't make it.
She won't make it.
They won't make it.
Instead of complaining, maybe you should help.
Where's the girl?
Where's the boy?
Where's the cat?
It's your ex-wife.
It was the best thing that ever happened to me.
In London there are a lot of different events which one would like to join.
I went not once, but twice.
How long will this take?
I caught them in the act.
He thinks his job is pointless.
I think my job is pointless.
This is my dream job.
How about tonight?
Safety is not guaranteed.
He likes new experiences.
She likes new experiences.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
She pushed him into the swimming pool.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
Who are you trying to impress?
He thought that it would be interesting and fun.
She thought that it would be interesting and fun.
She's cleaning out her closet.
He's cleaning out his closet.
Tom is selling his sheep.
I am blinking my eyes.
I am boiling water.
I am braking.
I am breast-feeding my daughter.
I am breathing polluted air.
I am building a wall.
I am calculating my salary.
I am calling my brother.
I am calling back my wife.
Mary is calling her sister names.
I am carding the wool.
I am changing my clothes.
I am checking my mailbox.
Mary is chewing something.
Boys can't enter the girls' dormitories.
As there are many absentees because of the flu, we were told that from tomorrow the classes will be temporary closed for 3 days.
Don't shoot!
I'm right behind you.
I'm right behind him.
I'm right behind her.
She's right behind you.
He's right behind you.
They're right behind you.
He's right behind me.
She's right behind me.
They're right behind me.
This is no joke.
He's the most popular boy in the class.
She's the most popular girl in the class.
She slapped her friend in the face.
He's the only one who survived.
She's the only one who survived.
I'm the only one who survived.
Don't think about it too much.
I'll keep it a secret. Don't worry.
He has a bottle of milk every morning.
Shut up, idiot!
I eat live rats.
Industrialisation is a matter of Kazakhstan’s competiveness in the globally developing world.
The dragonfly gracefully passed over the water.
I want to let the world know about Japanese gardens.
Why do you want the world to know about Japanese gardens?
So where were you?
I cry whenever I listen to this song.
This joke is not funny.
His jokes are not funny at all.
I got back to home after two years.
I don't like his jokes.
I don't like this joke.
He went to the station out of breath.
Any new jokes?
I don't know a lot of jokes.
I like to read jokes.
When I was at high school, I knew a lot of jokes.
Everybody likes his jokes.
This joke is crude.
Kindly finish up the content of brochure hurriedly.
Don't tell crude jokes in the presence of my father.
I don't like dirty jokes.
I know dirty jokes, but I don't tell them.
The weather has been pleasant all week.
I know dirty jokes, but I never tell them.
He tells dirty jokes to children.
He tells dirty jokes even to children.
One must try the shoes before purchasing it.
What was served in the party?
Tell me some jokes, but don't tell me dirty ones.
This book is full of dirty jokes.
I hate dirty jokes.
I never listen to dirty jokes.
He knows how to tell jokes.
I'm looking for a book of jokes.
I like clean jokes.
Don't tell your dirty jokes in the presence of children.
I don't remember a single joke.
I have already heard this joke.
I know this joke.
I didn't understand this joke.
I will explain this joke to you later.
I don't like this kind of joke.
His jokes are meaningless.
In a section that is separated from mainstream of Jews and orthodox school, apocalyptic has achieved success in typical movements.
His jokes make no sense.
He never laughs when I tell him a joke.
What's wrong with my jokes?
Have you understood this joke?
Tell me a joke.
Don't tell me this joke.
Is Mary with you?
Bring Mary back. I need her.
Take me back to the office. I have forgotten my phone.
This is not a joke to be told in the presence of your parents.
I didn't find any jokes in this book.
Tom is bringing down a wall.
I am bringing down this old wall.
I am clearing my throat.
I am clearing my orchard.
I am climbing a palm tree.
I am closing the garage.
I am consoling Mary.
I am correcting my mistakes.
I am crawling like a baby.
I am decorating the classroom.
I am digging a well.
I am disturbing Mary because she always disturbs me.
I am dozing.
I am dozing off.
I am drawing a bird.
I am just dreaming.
I am drilling the door.
I am driving the van into the yard.
I am dyeing my hair brown.
I am encouraging my brother.
I am extinguishing the fire with water.
I am fanning myself with a magazine.
This joke doesn't have anything to do with you.
Why did you tell this joke?
Tom is alluding to divorce.
I am alluding to Mary.
It's too late. I'm dying.
Tell us that joke again.
I am feeding my baby.
I am feeling nauseous.
Tom is feeling dizzy.
I am feeling dizzy.
Mary is fighting her friend.
We agreed to elaborate a strategy.
I am filling this bottle with oil.
We agreed to elaborate an action plan.
Tom is coating the wall with plaster.
I am coating the wall with lime.
I am finishing my translation.
I am fishing on the lake.
I am folding my dress.
I am following that car.
I am frying fish.
Clothes are getting cheap.
Cars are getting expensive.
Mary is gesticulating at the manager.
I am going down the stairs.
I am going to the post office.
I am going up the stairs.
I am grilling fish.
I am growing up fast.
I am hanging up a picture of my grandmother.
I am hanging out the carpet.
I am hanging up my shirts.
I am harvesting wheat.
Everything starts from the basis.
I am harvesting rye.
"Good morning. You were a bit late today." "Mhm, I got a tad delayed."
I am having a nap in my room.
I am taking a rest in my car.
The scar is healing.
The she-wolf is howling.
I am imitating the President.
I am inflating my balloon.
Tom is applying ointment to his wound.
I am applying ointment on the spots.
I am ironing my dress.
I am jumping of joy.
I am kneading the dough.
My jar is leaking.
Mary is decorating her pottery.
I am decorating my room with Berber symbols.
I am lighting my cigar.
I am limping along.
I am listening to country music.
Mary is lying to her father.
The actor is making up.
I am massaging my foot.
The ice cream is melting.
I am mending the curtain.
I am memorizing the national anthem.
The cats are meowing.
I am milking my goat.
I am miming the manager.
I am mixing mayonnaise with ketchup.
I am mocking him just as he mocks me.
I am mooing like a cow.
I am barking like a dog.
I am cooing like a pigeon.
I am meowing like a cat.
The donkey is braying.
I am braying like a donkey.
While the car driver obtains an approximate view of a blooming meadow the city cyclist notices the different colors and scents of the blossoms, the smell of freshly mown grass, the swoosh of leaves of a chestnut tree, the sunlight twinkling through trees shimmering green in springtime.
The horse is galopping.
I am neighing like a horse.
Mary is making the bed.
I am making my own bed.
I am packing up my things.
Tom is assembling a machine.
I am assembling the washing machine.
People are gathering.
Mary is mopping the floor.
I am mopping my room.
I am parking my car near the office.
I am patting my cat.
The cat is licking itself.
I am licking an ice-cream.
I am paying the phone bill.
The rooster is pecking at my leg.
Mary is picking her nose.
I am plucking the turkey.
I am pouring a cup of tea.
I am pruning the pear trees.
I am pulling my own hair!
The cat is purring.
The cats are purring.
The lion is roaring.
I am putting my cigarette off.
I am putting my pencils into the drawer.
Tom is putting his son into the bed.
I am putting my baby into the bed.
I am receiving treatment at the hospital.
I am recruiting drivers.
I am remembering their addresses.
I am repeating the answer.
I am riding a motorcycle.
The only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules.
She's the perfect housewife.
They don't teach you that in school.
I am rinsing the linen.
Tom is eating a cake.
I am eating a doughnut.
I am roaring like a lion.
The dog is drooling.
It's just how things work.
Tom is hanging up the handkerchiefs.
I am pegging up my baby's clothes.
Don't ask questions.
Don't ask questions. Just follow orders.
Tom's shirt is drying.
He wears a bow tie every day.
I am scaring the sparrows away.
I am scolding my students, not yours.
Mary and Jane are screaming.
The chick is hatching.
The babies are screaming.
I am selling my goats.
I am sending the invoice by fax.
I am sewing my shirt.
I am shaking with cold.
The sparrow is cheeping.
The sparrows are cheeping.
I am shaking hands with my worst enemy.
Tom is shaking salt on his salad.
I am shaking salt on my omelette.
I am sharpening my sword.
I am shearing the ewe.
I am shouting at my kids.
I am showing my teeth.
I am signing my contract.
Tom is hearing something.
I am hearing a voice.
I am slaughtering a chicken.
I am smelling the roses.
I am smiling at that little girl.
I am smoking a Cuban cigar.
Tom is helping Mary in her revision.
I am helping my sister to do her math exercises.
Mary is snoring.
I am spinning wool.
Tom is spreading butter on the bread.
The law is the law.
I am spreading mustard on a slice of bread.
Tom is cutting the bread.
I am cutting the meat.
I am standing in the middle of the schoolyard.
I am sticking a picture on the cupboard.
I am stirring my tea.
I am stuttering.
The little girl is sucking her finger.
The babies are suckling.
The snake is swallowing an egg.
Yes, I am swearing!
I am swearing at that jerk!
I am sweating in my bed.
Wasn't she your girlfriend?
The kid is peeing.
The little girl is peeing.
I am swimming in the river.
I am taking pictures of the bridge.
Mary is talking in her sleep.
I am telling a story.
I am throwing stones at crows.
Tom is tidying his room.
I am tidying my office.
I am training with my friends.
We were surprised by his behaviour.
There's no evidence that Tom has done anything illegal.
Tom died in strange circumstances.
If the universe is an answer, what is the question?
They took a leap of faith.
This is not a good sign.
Although I was exhausted, I continued to work.
Revenge is the best revenge.
To really succeed, you must enjoy eating poison.
If you are afraid to die, you have already died.
The war is liked by only those who haven't seen it.
Our gods are dead.
It is impossible to be always a hero, but you can always remain a man.
Do I please you?
Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
I will become angry.
It will take a little time to get used to wearing a wig.
He died of honorable dysentery.
I am the god of the new world.
You are tired from doing nothing.
We will never fall in love again.
I'm coming home.
Shallow are the souls that have forgotten how to shudder.
This country has become a plutocracy.
Tom now lives in the Cayman Islands.
He's an independent thinker.
She's an independent thinker.
This researcher does not disclose the source of his funding.
The cat is playing with the ball.
This is nonsense.
Wasn't he your boyfriend?
This is my first time contributing to Tatoeba, so I'm a little nervous.. please be kind with me.
This is my first time, so I'm a little nervous.
That's what the boss wants.
Ninety-five percent of orphans are older than 5 years old.
He doesn't have to know.
She doesn't have to know.
They don't have to know.
Mary is a hula dancer.
Eat local.
The girls had a catfight.
Stop pulling my hair!
He's a libertarian.
I participated in that English specch contest.
He could buy bread and milk with the money he had.
He is excellent in finding faults.
Where will it be OK to put this, I am uncertain.
I do not have any account in the branch office of Tokai bank.
Shopping makes me happy!
I want to eat a fried egg and croissant.
I will pick you up after work.
Where will we rendezvous?
What did you have for today's lunch?
Check your mobile before you finish work?
A glass of cold water, please!
Tom is the outstanding singer of this club.
I've just gotten home and had dinner.
My mom bought me this toy when I was 8.
This girl sings pretty well.
Does anybody know what hour it is?
I don't need a new TV.
Can you take this?
A few old buildings need to be demolished.
Do you know where my old glasses are?
We'll have to wait for five hours.
Do you remember where he left his umbrella?
Time to get married!
A year has passed since then.
I'll go there.
We'll have to wait for the next day.
We couldn't buy a few guns anywhere.
Climb onto the roof.
Son, go back to your mother.
Son, help me fix my car.
He wasn't as handsome as she told me.
That's not nice. Apologise to her.
I thought it was impossible to sleep for so long.
This plan has no flaws.
Don't step on my head.
I don't even know what's happening to me anymore.
Wasn't it him who stole your wallet?
Since I have no money, I can't come there.
He can read thoughts.
A great thought came to my head.
What kind of bed would you advise us not to buy?
However badly you want it, it will never happen.
Did he really do that?
You'll have to start.
I'm very sorry, but we can't let you out.
How do you know that he's already dead?
Mum says that I speak too quietly.
Which team is ours?
He'll try to find everything out.
When will you buy yourself a new laptop?
My brother damaged my new computer.
What happened to you?
Tom is a solid and determined man, but sometimes he's as impetuous as a river of molten lava.
In order to be sure of the words I learnt today, I review them again.
If you add sauce to curry rice, the taste will be more dense.
Everything was delicious!
I would understand if you cannot talk about it.
She was caschiered in no time.
About this time tomorrow, we will be in London.
We eventually came to terms with our fate.
Wait until your father gets home.
He keeps on asking me for money.
She keeps on asking me for money.
He's a meth addict.
She's a meth addict.
The employee stole money from the cash register.
He's wanted for grand theft auto.
I got a call from the school today.
When I was eight, my mom bought toys for me.
I just found out she was pregnant.
He ran off with another woman.
She's sexually promiscuous.
Thanks for all your great photos!
Mary is Tom's girlfriend.
How brave you are!
How vigorous you are!
How strong you are!
That was the point.
Tom is old-fashioned.
His father is conservative and old-fashioned.
Her father is conservative and old-fashioned.
She was born in Mexico.
She married an American.
I was attacked and robbed on my way home.
Things would never be the same.
Teach me how to play a reed pipe.
This is an elephant's tusk.
He's helping me.
She's helping me.
I'm really worried about my child.
Libor is the London Interbank Offered Rate.
Barclays manipulated Libor.
I owe you big time!
They trust each other.
They don't trust each other.
I bought a new scratching post for my cat.
Tom resigned this week.
He never recovered from the death of his son.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, she immediately knew something was wrong.
You know what'll happen if you ever try anything like that again.
He sent his son to an English boarding school.
He wore a hat, which meant that he wasn't being followed and it was safe to proceed.
When does the shop close?
Will you watch the Olympics?
The teacher warned us that the test would be difficult.
It looks like we're almost out of the woods.
She worries that she might be suffering from an anxiety disorder.
The game is rigged.
Mary had a panic attack.
There are too many choices.
The default value is zero.
Don't worry Tom, you are doing well.
Don't worry, you are doing well.
Don't worry, you're doing well.
Don't act like a bitch!
Can you program in C?
Let's not do this again.
He was kind enough to let me borrow it.
He was a good and decent man who had become ensnared in this dreadful affair through no fault of his own.
I'd understand anything coming from you.
The system is rotten.
No one really knows what's going on.
No one knows what's really going on.
The man set himself on fire.
Tom likes to tell dirty jokes.
I find my job fulfilling.
She likes to tell dirty jokes.
I'm not proud of this.
His condition is critical.
Can we enhance the image?
I don't need a history lesson.
If not for the ozone layer, we would be in imminent danger.
The priest said that this book could be harmful to youth.
This is the official website.
Let's hear the other side.
Are you sure this is real?
He's an animal.
You might find this interesting.
They're just evil.
He's just evil.
She's just evil.
"It's so huge!" "Yes, it's an IMAX screen!"
Let's get moving.
How much do you weigh?
This stuffed animal belongs to the little girl.
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
I was just curious.
We were saved by the bell.
It's not clean.
He likes chicken nuggets.
Mississippi is the fattest state in America.
That is correct.
I don't want to know.
I will never forgive you.
He locked himself in the bathroom.
She locked herself in the bathroom.
Love is like oxygen toxicity.
Love is like oxygen.
The television is making a hissing noise.
The discs are audible but the sound quality is terrible.
I'm not one of them.
If you had only listened to me, none of this would have happened.
I gave you fair warning.
If the police had arrived five minutes earlier, all the outlaws would have been caught red-handed.
I finally found a use for this old thing.
The book, being read, was under the table.
The most terrible enemy is a former friend.
Being determines consciousness.
The couple who came on a shrine visit, said, "We prayed that our child would grow up healthily."
Sometimes you should sometimes make a mistake to be properly understood.
Well, would you look at that!
Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle!
The poor man didn't live long enough to see his son's happiness.
She was tall enough to touch the ceiling.
Get the money ready by evening or I'll come back with the police.
You are as guilty as I am, because you knew this was going to happen.
Don't get excited.
Everything will be perfect.
What happened to the German girl?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I know who you were with.
I'm with exactly who I want to be with.
Does this video remind you of something?
You should not worry so much because of the things that happened long ago and not with us.
I'd like to sell my books!
I would like to sell my books!
No one wants to go there.
She's no spring chicken.
Now my daughter fears me.
Now my daughter is afraid of me.
There's the smell of napalm.
This singer was made popular by his good looks.
Many consider seven to be a lucky number.
There's an idiot where I work and it gets on my nerves.
He wrote it down so as not to forget it.
His behaviour annoys me.
They are a bunch of inept and vulturous morons.
She is a massive dimwit and inherently apathetic and incapable of rational thought.
I was fine this morning until I noticed what they did to me. I'm feeling so aggrieved.
Many complicated-looking real integrals can be solved using methods from complex analysis.
Euler's identity really is remarkable.
It is widely believed that Einstein was awarded the Nobel prize in 1921 for his work on relativity. It was actually awarded for his seminal paper on the photoelectric effect.
Using a knowledge of complex analysis to calculate real quantities in the context of fluid mechanics amazes me.
They are reading their book.
A good knowledge of numerical analysis, stochastic calculus and programming in C++ is important for a job in banking my lecturer said.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
Did they play so badly that they don't even deserve a comment?
He's as blind as a bat.
I must be blind.
Thirty isn't that old.
The octopus only exits its lair to look for food or for reproductive purposes.
Do you want me to hate you?
We should make sopa paraguaya.
I don't want that, it is pourished.
I'll give it to you for 15.000 Guaranis. Would you like anything else?
I am studying electrical engineering at the University of Plymouth.
I'm stressed out due to their incompetence.
I'm so keen to go to Germany in October.
Do you have diarrhea?
Cabaret is a form of show.
That man is a famous cabaret performer.
Enter into that cabin.
I want a sub rosa investigation of the bodies.
You never know where you will be lucky.
Determination is everything.
Life is good because it does not always correspond to our expectations!
With a microwave oven like this, it's always New Year's Eve!
My father is the breadwinner.
Let me speak with the foreman.
My heart likes what it sees, not too regretting the missed opportunities.
I don't understand this diagram.
I don't understand this chart.
I don't understand this graph.
This line is diagonal.
This line is crosswise.
I'm the patrol leader.
I am the patrol leader.
Who is the patrol leader?
Who is the group leader?
He is the group leader.
He's the group leader.
You immediately rushed headlong into it!
I was dizzy.
My team is the leading team.
Which is the leading team?
Would you explain that diagram to me?
Would you explain that graph to me?
Would you explain that chart to me?
The diaphragm is a muscle.
Maybe you embank it.
Maybe you control it.
Maybe you contain it.
Maybe you stem it.
Get him out of here!
I had a nice long chat with my girlfriend's father.
Get her out of here!
I'm sorry about last night.
This can't be right.
That can't be right.
How did you get in?
It's the largest in the world.
It won't cost you a dime.
I heard that there were alligators in the sewers.
We thought it was hilarious.
I thought it was hilarious.
He thought it was hilarious.
She thought it was hilarious.
His wife died in childbirth.
Oh wow, you are fast.
Oh wow, he's fast.
Oh wow, she's fast.
This company's profit margin is very big.
He's a foreign exchange student.
She's a foreign exchange student.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his parents.
This is a dialectal word.
He's here to spy on us.
She's here to spy on us.
He ran through the streets naked.
They ran through the streets naked.
I have bad news for you.
He's not allowed to leave the country.
You can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store.
He wants the most bang for his buck.
She wants the most bang for her buck.
That doesn't add up.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
They ate some enchiladas.
Can you believe it? He's even lazier than me.
Can you believe it? She's even lazier than me.
"I'm already married," replied Mary.
He lives frugally.
The Germans are in favor of austerity.
No charges have been filed.
No charges have been filed against the suspect.
I need coffee.
She liked that.
He liked that.
She's dependent on her husband.
I'm still in school.
My father is old and boring.
My son likes to play with cars.
He's nothing more than a useful idiot.
She gave me a fake phone number.
He had no memory of the accident.
He says that he has no memory of the evening.
He doesn't even remember what happened last night.
You made the right choice.
He made the right choice.
She made the right choice.
They made the right choice.
Fire is without mercy.
I didn't see her.
I didn't see him.
He's a bad liar.
She's a bad liar.
You're a bad liar.
Flames have no mercy for anyone.
He's a good liar.
She's a good liar.
You're a good liar.
My hair is a mess.
Mary is in love with the boy with blond hair.
Buy or die!
He asked his teacher for advice.
Surrender or die!
She asked her teacher for advice.
She asked her friend for advice.
He asked his friend for advice.
If you do not surrender, you will die!
He asked me on a date.
Your veins contain water.
You have water running through your veins.
I will return to this house victorious!
That's really cute.
Look, there's a rabbit!
It isn't over until it's over.
And please, no chestnuts!
I'll be back by seven, I promise.
How do we get out of here?
Photography is writing with light.
In this town there's the need of a smith.
This town needs a smith.
That's a huge trophy.
He should be hibernated!
He should be freezed!
She should be hibernated!
She should be freezed!
I want to be put into cryogenic sleep.
It should be hibernated!
It should be freezed!
I didn't expect that question.
I didn't expect her to ask me that question.
I didn't expect her to ask me such a question.
I didn't expect this question.
I don't know what to answer.
Is there anyone who can answer?
Never tell him 'I can't answer'.
Never tell him 'I don't know the answer'.
Do all you can in order to answer.
Say something even if you don't know the right answer.
Continue to write until he tells you to stop.
How can I change this sentence?
Please add a full stop at the end of your sentence.
I need a driver to take me home.
I need a driver to take me to the station. It's raining.
Is that what you want?
Is that what he wants?
Is that what she wants?
I'm not sure I want to do this.
He's not sure he wants to do this.
She's not sure he wants to do this.
Which car did you buy?
Where did you buy your car?
How did you buy your car?
Why did you buy a car?
Why did you buy another car?
Why did you buy a second car?
Where did you buy your car from?
Who sold you this car?
Who did you buy this car for?
What did you buy this car for?
Who told you to buy a car?
Do you really need a car?
Why did you buy a French car?
Why didn't you buy a Japanese car?
Do you like your car?
Do you really like your car?
What are you going to do with this car?
What are you going to use this car for?
What is missing in this car?
Where is the money with which you're going to buy a car?
Do you need a car?
Where does this car come from?
What is this car doing here?
Is this car new?
Why do you have two cars?
Why do you have only two cars?
Can't you buy a car?
Why don't you buy a car?
Is this car yours?
That's all right. I understand you. You speak very well.
Keep going straight through the village.
Today I received a splendid news.
I will get up before the day is breaking.
At the next intersection, take a right.
It starts around 8:30.
Everybody laughs at me!
We hold live classes for groups of more than 5 people.
I think tomorrow is going to rain.
When are you coming to see me?
He said, "Is somebody there?"
The elderly couple died peacefully.
He was delighted at the result.
What an irrelevant question!
You don't lose what you don't have.
A delicate balance must be reached.
I'm friends with her sister.
I'm friends with her brother.
That's just how he is.
That's just how she is.
That's just how I am.
Hello, my friend!
Hello and how are you?
I'm fine, thank you!
I'm good!
Not so well.
I'm not doing well.
Nothing new.
He, as well as his sister, are invited to the party.
You're becoming sweet.
You are becoming sweet.
Can you do me a favor?
For this project I see myself as becoming a Japan and Europe go-between.
This base is now under our control.
I'm now unarmed.
Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
Where on earth were you?
I couldn't have prevented this.
Tell me what I need to know.
In some ways, I envy him; he knows exactly what he wants and he's not afraid to take it.
I apologize in advance for his behaviour.
What on earth were you thinking, bringing him here?
We get on OK.
He studied to be a doctor.
Officially, he works for us as an interpreter.
There is rarely a more beautiful exaggeration in the world than gratitude.
Nobody could catch those last few hens.
These shoes are old, but I still like them.
Who needs that old furniture?
We'll have to go back.
You'll have to cook more food.
He'll have to forget about you.
Bears hibernate during the winter.
There's never enough time to do all you want.
I killed a god.
She asked me if I could sew.
She is not ashamed of her misconduct.
This is not the proper way to hold a teacup.
The first person that I see playing a video game, chatting on QQ, or reading articles on Kaixin, is going to be shown the door. This is a classroom, not a cybercafé.
This house belongs to me.
He said that because he was tired, he'd go home early.
They spent their time playing cards.
I know of a place that you like.
The cat is playing with the children.
I frequently recall my happy childhood.
I lived in this house as a child.
You grabbed my ass!
He grabbed my ass!
She grabbed my ass!
This is just stupid.
Tom has already begun.
He has already begun.
She has already begun.
They have already begun.
He robbed me blind.
She robbed me blind.
They robbed me blind.
Tom took a picture of his own camera.
Tom took a picture of his old camera with his new camera.
The tires are very sticky.
The tyres are very sticky.
Tom is stuck in his sleeping bag. Should we abandon him?
You're too stupid to live.
How deep are the cuts?
The police set up a radar trap.
Have a nice life.
Have a good life.
Tom lives in North Carolina.
He's rather good.
She's rather good.
He is not an American, but he loves America.
She is not an American, but she loves America.
Will it fit?
Tom attended an all-boys school.
He's active and fit.
He has no spatial awareness.
She's active and fit.
She has no spatial awareness.
It's not the answer.
No child should be left behind.
It looks fun. Why don't we try it?
He went to a single-sex school.
She went to a single-sex school.
Meeting girls is hard.
Meeting boys is hard.
He led a vagabond life.
It's really cool here.
My sister is bugging me.
David Beckham is a good footballer.
David Beckham now lives in America.
This is a great theory.
Tom hid the book below his pillow.
This book is full of errors.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between a cathode and an anode.
Tom was eaten by a tiger.
It was handcrafted.
It wasn't an accident.
The crankshaft is broken.
I caught him in the act.
I caught her in the act.
How long is it?
How long did it last?
This Mustang is supercharged.
That's terrifying.
Tom died last year.
She was surprised too.
He was surprised too.
Everything is expensive in London.
Tom lives in Detroit.
Detroit is dangerous city.
He tried it with a friend.
She tried it with a friend.
Is anyone else excited?
There are holes in the floor.
There are holes in the roof.
I believe they're a perfect match.
She was the victim of domestic violence.
Tom needs to see a doctor.
She's a smart girl.
We must never do this again.
This boy has Tourette.
Tom has cerebral palsy.
Tom is a confident young man.
That's exactly what he wanted.
That's exactly what she wanted.
She's too loud.
It happens more often than you would think.
Yours is bigger than mine.
Mine is bigger than yours.
How does it feel to be back?
What was the girl called?
I'll be leaving now.
She's going to love this.
He's going to love this.
He likes sleeping.
She likes sleeping.
The cat likes sleeping.
How can I prevent this from happening?
Stay hydrated!
I hope for nothing, I fear for nothing, I am free.
One day, her dream to be dressed in haute couture came true in an unexpected way.
Are you coming to the party tomorrow?
Vote for your favourite place.
Are you a globe trotter?
Perhaps I am wrong.
It doesn't have any problem.
I just wanna strip my clothes off!
Now the fact is official.
I can't see my dad.
I cannot see my dad.
I'll make a video for you.
I will make a video for you.
I'll make a video of you.
I will make a video of you.
Book the flight to go back home!
I'll miss you these months.
Sarkozy defended a model of sustainable growth.
He had to withdraw.
Let me eat something today.
Let's follow his advice.
He got the short end of the stick.
She got the short end of the stick.
They got the short end of the stick.
It's the story of a boy, a girl, and a cat.
That's a beautiful piece of meat.
I hate the look of that!
There's more to it than that.
Tom had a car accident in Rome.
The drunk driver damaged a tree.
Tom never got an award.
Don't underestimate his determination.
Don't underestimate her determination.
Tom died from tuberculosis.
She died from turbeculosis.
Tom died from TB.
She died from TB.
It's been saved and printed!
I haven't seen any of his films.
I haven't read any of his books.
I haven't listened to any of his songs.
I haven't read any of his letters.
I haven't seen any of his pictures.
I haven't attended any of his conferences.
I just wrote a negative review about this estate agency.
I will have it uploaded by Friday.
I have a headache today.
She's not sure she wants to do this.
He was killed by a land mine.
He made a bad decision.
Victory is not assured.
I hate it when women say that all men are the same.
There is more than enough room for improvement.
Spanish on the way.
Nothing is as it used to be.
There was a pair of handcuffs on the bed.
We always have to make efforts to reach our goals.
I rub with pumice, in order to smooth the back of my feet.
It's always hard to say goodbye.
Because I want to confirm identity, I demand an identification.
This is a beautiful piece of meat.
I'm becoming a real man.
This is the first time I've ridden a horse.
This is the first time I've driven a car.
This is the first time I've waited this long.
This is the first time I've baked a cake.
This is the first time I've swum in a lake.
This is the first time I've read a book in Chinese.
This is the first time I've bought a newspaper in this city.
This is the first time I've yelled at Mary.
This is the first time I've gone to the beach.
This is the first time I've watched this film.
This is the first time I've paid a fine.
This is the first time I've called Mary.
This is the first time I've killed a mouse.
This is the first time I've kissed my father.
It's the first time I've thrown up in a train.
This is the first time I've gone to the movies.
This is the first time I've seen this animal.
This is the first time I've played this game.
This is the first time I've set a trap.
This is the first time I've lost my keys.
This is the first time I've written a letter in German.
This is the first time I've taken part in a play.
This is the first time I've drunk this.
This is the first time I've cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time I've smoked.
This is the first time I've added a sentence in Dutch.
This is the first time I've locked the door.
This is the first time I've fried an egg.
This is the first time I've translated from Italian.
This is the first time I've translated into Italian.
This is the first time I've heard this language.
This is the first time I've ever understood something in that language.
This is the first time I've invited Mary.
This is the first time I've sent flowers to Mary.
It's my first date with Mary.
It's the first time I pray in a mosque.
This is the first time I've ever made myself up.
It's the first time I use a computer.
It's the first time I finish a book.
It's the first time I give a speech.
It's the first time I touch a dolphin.
It's the first time I laugh this much.
It's the first time I do shopping in this city.
It's the first time I shake hands with the mayor.
It's the first time I build a wall.
It's the first time I eat camel meat.
This is the first time that I am managing a company.
This is the first time I've ever traveled by plane.
This is the first time I've ever lent money to Mary.
This is the first time I've ever borrowed money from Ken.
This is the first time I've ever learnt Chinese.
This is the first time I've ever helped my father.
This is the first time I've ever had lunch out.
This is the first time I've ever had dinner out.
This is the first time I've ever sewed on a button.
This is the first time I've ever met Mary.
This is the first time I've ever shaven my beard.
This is the first time I've ever passed an exam.
This is the first time I've ever attended a lesson.
This is the first time I've ever spoken in Danish.
This is the first time I've ever painted my house.
This is the first time I've ever taken a vacation.
This is the first time I've ever felt nauseous.
This is the first time I've ever got into a mosque.
Yesterday I met Christina.
This is the first time I've ever caught a bird.
This is the first time I've ever milked a cow.
This is the first time I have dug a hole in the backyard.
This is the first time I've ever wasted so much time.
This is the first time I've ever needed help.
This is the first time I've ever asked Mary to help me.
If we're going to do this, let's do it right.
This is the first time I've ever made Mary cry.
You've neither written nor phoned.
This is the first time I've ever beaten my dog.
This is the first time I've ever got angry.
This is the first time I've ever visited my grandmother.
And in a moment we smashed up, what it had taken us years to build.
Would you like me to repeat the question?
This is the first time I've ever started the engine.
This is the first time I've ever sweated so much.
This is the first time I've ever come to Paris.
This is the first time I've ever come across a word like this.
This is the first time I've ever found a coin purse.
This is the first time I've ever broken a glass.
This is the first time I've ever told a joke in Swedish.
This is the first time I've ever sung in Russian.
This is the first time I've ever driven Mary to work.
This is the first time I've ever been absent.
This is the first time I've ever tried this dress on.
This is the first time I've ever fixed this machine.
This is the first time I've ever missed the train.
This is the first time I've ever slept in the street.
This is the first time I've ever danced with Mary.
This is the first time I've ever commented a sentence.
This is the first time I've ever breast-fed my baby.
This is the first time I've hugged Mary.
This is the first time I've ever felled a tree.
This is the first time I've ever smelt this perfume.
This is the first time I've ever made a mistake like this.
This is the first time I've ever switched on this lamp.
This is the first time I've ever brought a painter home.
This is the first time I've ever taken the dog out.
This is the first time I've ever fired a worker.
This is the first time I've ever given an example.
This is the first time I've ever memorized a poem.
This is the first time I've ever interrupted the manager.
This is the first time I've ever argued with Mary.
This is the first time I've ever asked the teacher a question.
This is the first time I've ever walked with a stick.
This is the first time I've ever worn a coat.
This is the first time I've ever had a rest in my office.
This is the first time I've ever squashed a cockroach.
This is the first time I've ever had a nap in the classroom.
This is the first time I've ever been pregnant.
This is the first time I've ever greeted Marika in Finnish.
This is the first time I've ever taught Marika a Berber word.
This is the first time I've ever pronounced this word correctly.
If you do this, you will regret it for the rest of your life.
This is the first time I've ever revised English grammar.
The football match was broadcasted live on television.
This is the first time I've ever crossed a river.
This is the first time I've ever knocked a dog down with my car.
This is the first time I've ever corrected exam papers.
This is the first time I've ever shot with a rifle.
This is the first time I've ever planted a tree.
This is the first time I've ever talked to Marika in Finnish.
This is the first time I've ever applied this ointment on my wound.
This is the first time I've ever jumped from a train.
This is the first time I've ever forgetten Marika's number.
This is the first time I've ever made Marika happy.
This is the first time I've ever made Marika laugh.
This is the first time I've ever dropped Marika at the hospital.
This is the first time I've ever dreamt about Marika.
This is the first time I've ever smiled at Marika.
This is the first time I've ever mentioned Marika.
This is the first time I've ever mopped my room.
This is the first time I've ever washed my car.
This is the first time I've ever hired a driver.
This is the first time I've ever breathed pure air.
This is the first time I've ever burnt my pants with a cigarette.
I didn't knit it for him.
This is the first time I've ever called Marika back.
This is the first time I've ever upset Marika.
This is the first time I've ever addressed Marika in Berber.
This is the first time I've ever accepted a gift from a customer.
This is the first time I've ever won a prize.
This is the first time I've ever thought about this.
This is the first time I've ever phoned Marika.
This is the first time I've ever boarded a plane.
This is the first time I've ever got on a boat.
This is the first time I've ever got tired of translating.
This is the first time I've ever received a letter from Marika.
This is the first time I've ever stamped a document.
This is the first time I've looked Marika in the eye.
This is the first time I've ever searched Marika's name on Google.
This is the first time I've ever got across this river.
Do you smell that?
I'm not drunk.
I have a giant's strength to win your favor; but to lose you, none.
Poor piteous reasoning. Weak beyond contempt your haughty minds!
Near such high virtue, every maiden fear takes wing at once.
They live in peace.
We're just pretending.
How is your progress?
She's just a child.
This is where you're wrong.
I doubt there's anyone following me.
He asked for a pay raise.
Russia is the largest country in the world.
There's still so much to do!
To make things even worse, he got sick.
To make things worse still, he became sick.
We're positive that they forgot to call us.
That man sold his soul to the devil.
We'll try one more time.
Let's give it one more try.
The important thing to remember is that no one is ever one hundred percent anything.
Compared to before, it's already improved greatly.
He can also speak a little Greek.
It's probably just a phase.
Against all expectations, we became good friends.
What they did next was bad, even by my standards.
And who did you learn that from?
His hair is so long it reaches the floor.
We can see who's laughing, but not who's crying.
I got the autograph of a celebrity.
Dora is an explorer.
A man who chooses to commit himself in politics to the extent where he becomes a visible figure, would do himself a favor by not having skeletons in the closet.
I can't understand if you speak Norwegian.
How's your arm?
You have to like teaching in order to do it.
Are there books on the table?
You have to take a shower.
The question is who's going to do it.
I just wanted to see if you knew it.
I do not know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult.
He lives in the city.
Where did you lose your umbrella?
To maintain a friendship, there must be mutual affection.
The award should be for me!
According to AMeDAS, the amount of precipitation in the village has exceed 1,200 mm in three days.
You are free to say what you think.
There are plenty of funny expression in Japanese, like for example "Chi no kayotta".
Thou know’st the mask of night is on my face, else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek.
It will be five or ten years before the technology is ready.
I cannot accept this student in my school.
I cannot add a sentence like this to Tatoeba.
I cannot address the manager in a language he doesn't speak.
I cannot aim at the bird. It's too far.
I cannot argue with Taninna. She's my uncle's wife.
I cannot ask the teacher about that.
This is the first time I've ever assembled an engine.
I cannot assemble this engine. I have no experience.
I cannot attend the conference.
This is the first time I've ever told Taninna 'I love you'.
I cannot bake bread. I don't have an oven.
I cannot bark like a dog. I'm a cat.
I cannot bask in the sun. It's too hot now.
I cannot be absent. I'm the manager.
I cannot beat my dog. I love him too much.
I cannot bleat like a sheep. I'm a shepherd dog.
I cannot board a plane. I am afraid of planes.
I cannot boil water. There is no gas.
I cannot borrow money. I hate this.
I cannot brag about my team. It always loses games.
I cannot brake! The brakes are broken!
I cannot leave my money here.
I cannot stop from thinking about this problem.
I cannot deal with this problem without help.
I cannot bray like a donkey. I'm a horse.
I cannot break this computer. It's not mine.
I cannot breast-feed my baby. I don't have milk.
I cannot breathe pure air. I live in a large city.
I cannot bring my car. There is no parking.
I cannot step on the grass. It's forbidden.
I cannot bring this wall down by myself.
I cannot build a house. I don't have money.
I cannot lie to Taninna. She's my wife.
I cannot buy this book. It's too expensive.
I cannot calculate this. I am not an engineer.
I cannot call the manager now. It's too late.
I cannot call Taninna back. I don't have money.
You were probably too much tense and that prevented you from sleeping well.
I cannot call Taninna names. I respect her.
I cannot card the wool. This is Taninna's job.
I cannot catch birds. I don't like that.
I cannot change my clothes. There is no room where I can do that.
I cannot check my mailbox. There is no Internet here.
I cannot cheep like a sparrow. I'm a pigeon.
I cannot chew anything. I am toothless.
I cannot bite. I have no teeth.
This is the first time I've ever bitten my tongue.
"This is the first time I've ever clawed my owner", said the cat.
"I cannot claw my owner", said the cat.
I cannot scratch. I don't have finger nails.
I cannot clear the backyard by myself.
I cannot climb this mountain.
This is the first time I've ever climbed a mountain.
This is the first time I've ever closed my store at four.
This is the first time I've ever coated my house with plaster.
I cannot come next week.
I cannot authorize Ken to go abroad.
I cannot comment this sentence, as I don't speak Russian.
This is the first time I've ever complained to the manager.
I cannot complain to the teacher. She's very hard.
I cannot console Taninna. She doesn't want to talk to anyone.
I cannot coo like a pigeon. I'm a hawk.
I cannot correct this sentence. I don't know Polish.
I cannot crawl like this. My knees hurt.
I cannot cross this river. It's too wide.
You only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out.
I cannot cut the meat by myself. Help me.
I cannot dance with Taninna. I'm too shy.
I cannot date Mary. She's Ken's fiancée.
This is the first time I've ever grown a beard.
I cannot grow a beard in the army.
I cannot shave my beard.
This is the first time I've ever decorated my house.
I cannot decorate this house. It's not mine.
I cannot dig a hole in the middle of the street.
I cannot disturb the doctor at this time.
I cannot do shopping in this country. I don't know a word of Spanish.
I cannot draw a car. It's too difficult.
I cannot drill the door. This is Ken's job.
I cannot drink this. I don't know what it is.
I cannot drive a car. I don't have a driver's license.
I cannot drive Taninna to school. My car is broken down.
I cannot drop Taninna here. There is a policeman.
Please do not forget capital letters.
It's good to talk to you.
Is anyone else excited about this?
It has begun.
It's not supposed to happen.
This was not supposed to happen.
She was better than I expected.
He was better than I expected.
They were better than I expected.
He managed to escape through a window.
That was just plain stupid.
What was the boy called?
My cat is really smart.
I cannot dry my hair. I don't have a hairdrier.
I cannot dye my hair. My mother would kill me!
I cannot eat carrots. I don't like them.
You are such a crazy driver; you drive me crazy.
I cannot live in water. I'm not a fish.
I cannot encourage Ken. He's my opponent.
This is the first time I've ever put out a fire with sand.
This is the first time I've ever fallen down the stairs.
This is the first time I've ever fanned myself with a true fan.
I cannot fan myself with Taninna's magazine. She would get mad at me.
This is the first time I've ever fed Ken's dog.
I just wanted to see what would happen.
What happens if I press this button?
I cannot feed John's dog. It's too vicious.
I wonder what happens if I press this button.
This is the first time I've ever felt dizzy in a car.
He does not understand modern technology.
I cannot fell this tree. It's very big.
This is the first time I've ever fought at work.
This is the first time I've ever filled my pitcher with honey.
He likes to dress up as a police officer.
She likes to dress up as a police officer.
She likes to dress up as a nurse.
I cannot fill my pitcher with water. It's cracked.
I cannot find a solution. Help me.
I cannot finish my work today.
The world rests on the back of a great turtle.
The world rests upon an elephant and the elephant rests upon a tortoise.
I cannot fire Ken. He's a good worker.
This is the first time I've ever fished at the dam.
I cannot fish on the lake. It's forbidden.
I cannot fix this machine. It's very difficult.
For the time being, we must give him the benefit of the doubt.
I am fixing the washing machine.
Tom is fixing the refrigerator.
This is the first time I've ever folded the big carpet by myself.
I cannot fold this big carpet by myself.
This is the first time I've ever followed someone to know where they live.
I cannot live in such a neighborhood.
I cannot forget Taninna's face.
I cannot fry these eggs. They are rotten.
I am getting across the river.
Tom is getting across the river.
I cannot get across this river. It's too deep.
I cannot get angry with Taninna. She's my only sister.
I cannot get into this office if the manager is not here.
I cannot open this box without breaking it.
I cannot get on this boat if I don't find my luggage.
I cannot get pregnant. I am sterile.
I cannot get tired of Taninna. I love her so much.
I cannot give this dictionary to anyone.
I cannot go down the stairs. Both my legs are broken.
I cannot go to the stadium by myself.
I cannot go up the stairs by myself. I'm old and I need an elevator.
I cannot greet Tania in Slovene. I don't know this language.
This is the first time I've ever grilled meat in my home.
I cannot grill this meat. It has gone bad!
This is the first time I've ever hung a picture in my office.
I cannot hang a picture in my office. It's forbidden.
This is the first time I've ever hung out washing in the balcony.
This is the first time I've ever hung up my washing.
The more you know him, the more you like him.
I was left behind.
Put your gun down.
He's an ordinary looking guy.
She's a plain looking girl.
I believe we can get that done.
I'm familiar with the situation.
You're completely delusional.
This sentence is too long.
It happened in Rome.
You know the drill.
This is not good at all.
I'm happy and satisfied.
She's happy and satisfied.
This is insubordination.
I have faith in the future.
My hands are tied.
No one was punished for the fiasco.
You know how it is.
I'll see you around.
That poor family survives on food stamps.
She screamed bloody murder.
This is plagiarism.
You're very observant.
He's good at what he does.
She's good at what she does.
This is not about money.
I'd love to know everything about you.
No one told me.
Your pants are unzipped.
He unzipped his pants.
She unzipped her pants.
Nobody except the king admires the king.
The tallest and smallest men in the world both joined the circus.
I'd like a word with you in private.
There are exactly two goblins who each hate every wizard.
The Queen of England is related to the King of Sweden.
Not every country belongs to the U.N.
Tom likes to wear tight pants.
I assumed it was free.
I think Tom is acting a little suspicious.
Call security!
Is this legal?
She kept her promise.
He kept his promise.
Is this cool?
Is this nice?
He doesn't play video games.
Tom is embarrassed about buying condoms.
Respect your elders.
You must respect your elders.
This is very true.
Tom is lazy and spoiled.
I'm outraged!
Stay out of my way!
This is not what I ordered.
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
She believes in naturopathy.
He was killed by a blunt weapon.
We're getting closer.
You're getting closer.
I saw a shadow move behind that tree!
I feel like someone is watching us.
Africa is not a country.
You must RSVP by the end of the week.
Respect your parents. They pay for the internet.
What an unfortunate coincidence!
Some people believe that polar bears walk around freely in the streets of Norway. Luckily, it's just nonsense.
I was beginning to worry about you.
Have you heard from the rest of the team?
He wants you to come home.
The aim is to be out of the country within the hour.
I had a nagging sensation that I'd seen him somewhere before.
She kicked me in the balls.
He kicked me in the balls.
"That bitch kicked me in the balls." "You deserved it."
This scares the shit out of me.
They used truth serum.
I can't stay for long.
We'll do it together.
Don't touch this!
The check bounced.
What the hell is that thing?
We make a great team.
They make a great team.
I want some information.
She's the girl of my dreams.
We made waffles.
Do you want to see some magic?
They were high school sweethearts.
We've all done it.
Tom was caught masturbating by his mother.
He was caught masturbating by his mother.
Tom still believes in trickle-down economics.
Enjoy the show.
Stop him!
Stop her!
This should be good!
They're all dead.
Mary likes decorating cakes.
They found out.
She's smart and beautiful.
He's smart and beautiful.
I think Tom is hurt. Blood is coming out of his head!
Tom came home drunk from a party.
I took care of her cat.
That can't possibly be true.
I will try to sleep again later.
When they swore at my father, they swore at me too.
They know what they have done to me.
They are pleased to see me suffering.
Killing a person's culture is like killing them.
This is exactly what happened here.
They tried to eradicate my culture.
They tried to exterminate my people.
We should not lose courage.
We should not lose patience.
We should not lose hope.
We should try to do something.
This is the list of all the people buried here.
This cannot be called life.
Every morning I ask myself why.
It wasn't just my children who died in the war.
Thousands of other children were murdered in that war.
In Africa, there is no difference between a white and a black.
They were killed just because they were not whites.
Despite all this, I forgave the people who killed my children.
I wouldn't wish this to anybody.
Nothing is more difficult than having something and then losing it.
God, give us patience!
It is very difficult to talk about what happened.
I no longer have anything to lose.
They couldn't defend themselves.
It is worth fighting for future generations.
We have to leave something to our children.
He doesn't have his phone on him.
Please don't hang up.
Put it on speaker phone.
It wasn't my wife on the phone.
It wasn't your fault.
Who used to do this?
Who're you calling now?
This is the first time I've ever asked Taninna out.
I cannot ask Taninna out. I don't speak Berber very well.
This is the first time I've ever backed up this car.
I will never have a son.
I will never have a daughter.
I sometimes have a hard time choosing whether I should listen to reason or my feelings.
Floppy disks became obsolete long ago, but I still have some, and I still use them.
An historical event on Tatoeba: on July 12, 2012, Esperanto outstripped Japanese concerning the amount of phrases and took the second place on the language poll.
Where I live, I enjoy spring the most, because the winter is too cold, the summer is too hot, and the autumn is too wet.
Marika is Finnish, but she looks like an Asian girl.
Now I love you guys even more!
This is the first time I've ever harvested with my father.
I cannot harvest. I don't have a sickle.
I cannot have dinner out. I'm very busy.
I cannot have lunch out. I have a meeting after a while.
I cannot have a nap at the office.
I cannot have a rest now. I have a lot of work to attend to.
The wounds are healing.
I cannot hear anything. I'm deaf.
I cannot help you. I myself need help.
Coherence is dead.
I cannot hire a driver. I don't have money for that.
I cannot howl like a jackal. I'm a goat!
I cannot hug Taninna. She doesn't love me anymore.
I cannot imitate the President. I dislike that.
I cannot inflate all these balloons.
I cannot interrupt the manager. He's gonna fire me!
I cannot invite Taninna. We don't talk to each other.
I cannot iron my clothes. I have no iron.
I cannot jump to the sea. I don't know how to swim.
I cannot kill a mouse, let alone a little bird.
I cannot kiss Taninna. We are not married yet.
I cannot knead this dough by myself. I need you to help me.
I cannot laugh in front of the cameras.
I cannot learn Icelandic. It's too difficult.
This is the first time I've ever left my car without locking its doors.
I cannot leave. It's too early.
I cannot lend this dictionary. I always need it.
I cannot lick my fingers. I'm not a cat.
This is the first time I've ever lied to my father and I am ashamed of myself.
This is the first time I've ever lighted a candle with a lighter.
I cannot light this candle. It's wet.
This is the first time I've ever listened to Hungarian music.
I cannot lock the door. I have lost the key.
I cannot look at these pictures. They are horrible.
This is the first time I've ever lain on this grass.
I love technology, but like most people, I've never played an active role in its development.
Open source is a philosophy that encourages openness, sharing, and modification.
I cannot lie on the grass. We are at the royal palace!
It's the first time I make my bed!
The president of every country knows the president of every other country.
I'm always going to be looking for ways to use technology to automate or improve production, to make projects replicable by others.
The result of dividing the circumference of a circle by its diameter is equal to pi.
No house has only one roach in it.
I cannot make my bed. I don't have time for that!
The Queen of Hearts' only daughter is loved by exactly three suitors.
Why is open source such a sausage fest?
At least two known terrorists are hated by everyone except themselves.
The lord of the elves will cross the sea only if the lord of Mordor is defeated.
So did Hitler really only have one ball?
Anyone who respects someone who respects the current president of the United States is not respected by at least one person.
The wall from which Humpty Dumpty fell is not the Great Wall of China.
I want everybody to know what open source is, how it works, what it can be used for and what its implications are.
I cannot make Taninna happy. She doesn't love me.
What do I do all day?
I cannot make Taninna laugh. She doesn't like my jokes.
So where do I go?
Where do I go then?
The woman Argyle hoped to marry was the woman the man she hoped to marry hoped to marry.
Something's happening here, and what it is ain't exactly clear.
This is the boy who played with the toy that scared the frog that splashed the dog that chased the cat that ate the rat that killed the mouse that lived in the house that Jack built.
I cannot make such a mistake. Russian is my native tongue.
Jihad Against Islam's Call for Jihad.
Every human envies the human admired by every Vulcan.
Someday the USA will elect a woman president, and it won't be pretty.
Nothing is the greatest positive integer.
Checkmate.
Now that's a pretty little girls' school.
They were attacking people, not peaceful people.
"Bad hair day".
I cannot make up in the month of Ramadan.
I cannot manage a company. It's too hard for me.
Will he come? I don't think he will come.
If at least two people are great, then no one is the one great person.
The dog next door is dangerous.
The fridge is not empty, unless the repairman took the last beer.
Al is married to Betty's only daughter.
The red house is the house that Jack built.
Russell is not the only author of Principia Mathematica.
The person who shot JFK worked for the CIA.
Jeremy is Cory's oldest son.
All hail the king.
The exam that every student failed is harder than the exam that every student passed.
If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with.
The coach of the basketball team is looking for the tallest student.
The coach doesn't know who the tallest student is.
The coach is looking for a certain student, and the speaker describes that student as "the tallest student". The coach may not even know that that student is the tallest.
The king of Sweden's only son is married to one of Herbert's daughters.
Carla is the one freshman who aced every course in which she enrolled.
The CEO of IBM is the spouse of someone present.
The former president of the United States is the only American who knows the president of every country.
The teacher ordered the students to gather around the big tree.
This is the dog that chased the cat that stalked the mouse that lived in the house that Jack built.
The square of the length of the hypotenuse of any right triangle is equal to the sum of the squares of the lengths of its base and vertical sides.
Bill hates George only if Pat hates Bill.
Being careful and diligent is necessary, but not sufficient for passing this course.
Some professors don't understand this problem.
Danny DeVito and ferocious lions and tigers are best avoided.
Lawyers and real estate agents are rich or obnoxious.
If all professors bore all of their students, then all professors are wasting their time.
Some lion Bruce Willis is chasing is a formidable animal, but is not ferocious.
The only students who pass are the ones who work.
Only slackers fail if and only if the only unfair professors are on sabbatical.
Someone is not respected by anyone.
Any professor who is bored by everything bores all of his or her students.
Some underpaid professors are also secretaries, and some overworked administrators are professors, but no administrator is a secretary.
I don't have time to explain in detail.
Others thought of the blue cross.
If a student and his or her professor bore each other, then both are wasting their time.
This doesn't concern us.
Esperanto is a small language, but...it keeps on growing.
Brazil is a big country with great people.
It all seems pointless.
The question was obviously unexpected.
It's clear that the passport is a forgery.
Tomorrow's laundry day.
There's always tomorrow.
Everyone who respects oneself is respected by everyone who respects someone.
Cicero is Tully.
Daniel is the only child of Jacob.
The police followed up all their leads, but came up empty handed.
I hope you realize that I'm putting my reputation on the line by helping you.
If you want to get a hold on your spending you should start by cutting up all your credit cards.
Rebecca has at least two daughters.
Cain was not his brother's keeper.
The basic design of the humble paper clip has not changed in over one hundred years.
Men have an X and Y chromosome; women, two Xs.
People used to buy their smokes at a tobacconist. Now they buy them at a convenience store.
Carl is the tallest man alive.
The only pear left on the tree is rotten.
There are only two primes between 10 and 14.
Every affluent person owns at least two cars.
At most, one Richmonder will win the lottery.
Every positive integer has exactly one successor.
There are no more than two villains in Gotham.
Batman and Robin are the only heroes in Gotham.
Kay respects everyone but herself.
Everything is identical to something.
Exactly one student respects every professor.
No more than one professor is respected by every student.
Aristotle and Descartes are the only philosophers who are smarter than all of their disciples.
Two is the only prime whose successor is prime.
No one respects anyone who respects everyone but him or herself.
For nothing this wide universe I call, Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.
For I call the whole universe nothing, Except you, my rose; in it you are my everything.
The scientists of Canada are revolting.
This is the first time I've ever massaged my knees with this ointment.
I cannot massage my back by myself.
Correlation does not equal causation.
I cannot meet him out. It's raining.
I cannot melt this ice. There is no fire.
The snow is melting away.
The candle is melting down.
This is the first time I've ever mended a carpet.
I cannot mend this carpet. It's too old.
I cannot memorize such a poem. It's too long.
This is the first time I've ever memorized a dialog.
I cannot mention Taninna's name in presence of her father!
I cannot meow like a cat. I'm a mouse!
I cannot milk this cow. It's sick.
It was the first time I mimed the teacher and I made all the students laugh.
I cannot mime Ken in presence of the teacher.
I cannot miss the train. I always come to the station on time.
I cannot mock Ken. He's my brother.
I cannot moo like a cow. I'm a mare!
I cannot mop this floor. It's too dirty.
I cannot neigh like a horse. I'm a donkey!
This is the first time I've ever opened this door.
I am painting my garage.
The dog is panting.
I cannot paint this house in one day.
Taninna is paling.
This is the first time I've ever parked my car in the woods.
I cannot park my car in this neighborhood. There are a lot of thieves here.
I cannot pass this exam. It's very difficult.
This is the first time I've ever patted a lion.
I cannot pat this dog. I am afraid it might bite me.
I cannot pay this fine. I don't have money.
This is the first time I've ever pegged up my clothes.
This house has triple–pane windows.
I cannot peg up my clothes. It's too windy.
This building has a low ecological footprint.
I cannot phone Marika. She lives in Finland!
It's the first time I have picked my nose in the presence of the teacher. I didn't know she was looking at me.
I cannot pick my nose here. There are too many people.
I cannot plant trees here. This land is too dry.
I am planting an orange tree.
Tom is planting a palm tree in his backyard.
I cannot play this game. I don't like it.
I am playing a computer game.
This is the first time I've ever plucked a chicken.
I am plowing my land.
Tom is plowing his field.
This is the first time I've ever plowed this land.
I cannot plow this land with one bull. I need a second one.
I cannot pluck the chicken. I cut my fingers with a knife.
This is the first time I've ever poured a glass of this drink.
I cannot pray now.
Amayas is praying.
I am praying in my room.
I cannot pronounce this word. It has no vowels.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
Tom is pronouncing Berber words.
This is the first time I've ever pruned this plum tree.
I cannot prune this tree. It's too high.
It's the first time I pull Taninna's hair just as she pulls mine!
I cannot pull Taninna's hair. She's much taller than me.
I cannot purr like a cat. I'm a dog!
It's the first time I put a cigarette out before finishing it.
I cannot put this fire out without help! Come to help me!
This is the first time I've ever put away my computer into this cupboard.
I cannot put my clothes into Taninna's cupboard. She would be mad!
This is the first time I've ever put my little son into bed. His mother is too busy.
Tom is reading a history book.
I am reading short stories.
I cannot read this magazine. It's for women.
I cannot receive messages. My mailbox has problems.
The station replaced cartoons for yet another sports broadcast.
This is the first time I've ever recruited a cook.
I cannot recruit a cleaner. I can clean my office by myself.
I cannot remember Taninna's last name.
This is the first time I've ever repeated a year.
I cannot repeat the year. I must pass the exam.
I am revising my Chinese lessons.
Tom is revising for his exam of tomorrow.
I cannot revise with this noise.
I cannot ride a horse. My leg is broken.
I cannot rinse the dishes. There is no water.
I cannot roar like a lion. I'm a jackal.
Tom is running in order to catch the bus.
I am running in order to catch the train.
I cannot run. My feet hurt.
This is the first time I've ever run in order to catch the train.
I cannot scare the birds away. I am not a scarecrow.
This is the first time I've ever scared a dog away just by shouting.
This is the first time I've ever scolded a student.
I cannot scold Taninna. She's still a little girl.
It's the first time I scratch Taninna just as she scratches me.
I am screaming because I saw a mouse!
The Canadian governement has closed the Experimental Lakes Area research site.
It's the first time I scream in presence of the manager. I saw a big cockroach on the table!
The Canadian governement has cut back funding for environmental research.
Where is the Red Cross?
Where's the Red Cross?
I keep on not understanding.
I have to be home tonight before it gets dark.
I always felt like she was hiding something.
The shops were so many!
You didn't answer me.
There are a lot of people.
I like to sail when it isn't really windy.
It's better if you put all that in a box so that you don't lose anything.
You have to learn to respect people as they are.
I know the president of that club very well.
Hey John, how's it going?
Cocoa can be very bitter.
I have to go shopping. I will come back in an hour.
Jack doesn't have enough money to buy himself a new bicycle.
They trusted you.
He trusted you.
She trusted you.
I know that you know.
He knows that you know.
She knows that you know.
I know that she knows.
I know that he knows.
This is today's newspaper.
How many times a week do you do fun things with you children?
I believe that's correct.
He's a job creator.
He's a successful businessman.
She's a successful businesswoman.
I'm hungry because I haven't had lunch.
Sometimes we teach, sometimes we learn.
She went ballistic when I said that.
He went ballistic.
If you only have the B antigen, your blood is type B.
This company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins.
This house runs the risk of collapsing.
What car did he take?
We didn't see anything.
This is an excellent point, Professor Tom.
The strange food has a good taste.
Tomorrow, I start the diet.
The radar broke.
This summer is incredibly hot.
This girl is incredibly hot.
Some would say that he's playing with fire.
She fell in love with a young artist.
They were worried about getting caught.
The United States has officially ended economic sanctions against Burma.
I'm happy with it.
There must be a misunderstanding.
There must be some misunderstanding.
As soon as I see him, I'll kill him.
Is this microphone live?
Act according to the rules.
If it's sunny, let's go to the club.
I'll call you as soon as I can.
I'll do as you want.
I can help you if you let me.
The book you brought is not mine.
The book that you brought is not mine.
If you're going to the party, let me know.
If you can't come, we'll understand.
If I tell him the truth, she will never forgive me.
If I tell her the truth, she will never forgive me.
If you tell me your name, I can tell you mine.
If you teach me your language, I can teach you mine.
Don't do anything he asks.
When you feel lonely, remember the happy moments we spent together.
This mug is made of iron.
I'm very hungry today.
You're not born evil; you learn how to be evil.
Look at him. He doesn't deserve that.
Look at those people... they don't deserve that!
Few people can type using all fingers.
Are all the doors locked?
I cannot search this word in the dictionary. I don't know the Arabic alphabet.
I cannot see the stars. It's cloudy.
This is the first time I've ever sold a house.
I cannot sell this car. I still need it.
I cannot send money to my family. I don't have a job.
I cannot set a trap here. It's forbidden to hunt.
I cannot sew buttons on this jacket. I need a stonger needle.
This is the first time I've ever shaken with cold.
I cannot shake hands with the mayor. I had an argument with him last week.
This is the first time I've ever put pepper on my eggs.
This is the first time I've ever sharpened my knives.
I cannot sharpen this knife. It's too old and rusted.
I am shaving in the bathroom.
Tom is shaving in his room.
This is the first time I've ever sheared my sheep.
I cannot shear my sheep now. It's still cold.
I cannot shoot with a gun. My fingers are broken.
Tom is shooting with a machine-gun.
I am shooting with a Russian machine-gun.
This is the first time I've ever shouted at Taninna.
I cannot shout at Marika. She's a guest and she comes from abroad.
I cannot show my teeth. They are in a bad state.
This is the first time I've ever signed a contract.
I cannot sign a contract without reading it.
I cannot sing in Chinese. It's too difficult.
Tom is singing a beautiful song.
I am singing in Berber.
This is the first time I've ever slaughtered a sheep.
I cannot slaughter a bull by myself. I need two people to help me.
I cannot sleep in the street. It's too cold.
I cannot smell this perfume. I would sneeze.
I cannot smile at Taninna. She doesn't like me.
I cannot smoke. I am sick.
This is the first time I've ever sneezed this much.
That was the first time I ever snored.
I cannot speak Chinese. I can just read it.
I am speaking in Finnish. It's the only language Marika knows.
Tom is speaking in Dutch! I didn't know he knew this language.
This is the first time I've ever spun wool.
I cannot spin wool. Only my grandmother knows how to do it.
During the meeting, Tom was assigned to a long list of action items.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
Everyone who respects exactly one classmate is respected by exactly two classmates.
The shards of thought were scattered on the ground.
Excessive choice results in the inability to choose.
And the Devil did grin, for his darling sin is pride that apes humility.
It is presently very difficult to calm down and treat oneself with a book.
Translation is a scholarly discipline.
Internet is very slow.
Translation is a kind of special skill.
There have been many revolutions over the last century, but perhaps none as significant as the longevity revolution.
We are living on average today thirty four years longer than our great-grandparents did.
The end of the world will have to wait.
We have everything under control.
Say it to your sister!
This song sounds like one I heard a few minutes ago.
The forward of his command should learn to admit defeats.
As I lost so much, I finally started to find myself.
It's a fabulous game!
Why is it necessary to resolve conflicts?
What does your sister do now?
My team is always losing.
They accepted each other.
Write these new vocabulary words in your notebook.
I need some cardboard boxes to pack my possessions.
Isn't it Tuesday?
What is your favorite sport?
They say you should use your imagination.
This meat has a bad smell.
He deserves his share.
Math is my least favorite subject.
I hate math most of all.
I cannot understand anything he said.
So, what do you serve at your restaurant?
I tried to pretend I was something I wasn't.
I'm allergic to gluten.
I weigh 58 kilograms.
You shouldn't drink stagnant water.
You can't pay someone to sleep for you.
Is it possible to drink salt water?
It depends on how strong it is.
He died a few days later.
You're so beautiful in that dress.
I do it because I have to.
It was not always this way.
I'd like to be a dentist in the future.
This bird can fly.
I got one!
He got away.
Let your imagination run wild.
Can you catch the chicken?
He caught the chicken.
She caught the chicken.
I would like to punch Tom in the head.
This needs to change.
It's popular in China.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Shopping malls are popular among teenagers.
He's young, naive and inexperienced.
She's young, naive and inexperienced.
Who controls the internet?
Who owns the Internet?
This is the perfect place.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
They offer free condoms.
I never said that it wasn't a good idea.
Many young people in Spain are unemployed.
My phone is vibrating.
You have cream on the top of your nose.
My head is full of words for you.
I have so many words in my head, that I feel they wouldn't exhaust even if I'd write to you every day and all my life.
Tom is suspicious of Europeans.
I'm hungry and thirsty.
He's hungry and thirsty.
She's hungry and thirsty.
I've never done this in my life.
Now listen up well, these might well be my last words.
I need some mental stimulation.
It's a proven fact.
It was a resounding success.
The words in my head form streets and buildings, entire cities. I want to take you there.
It sounds easy.
It sounded easy.
I am the laziest person I know.
He's the laziest person I know.
She's the laziest person I know.
You're the laziest person I know.
He was very pleased with the result.
She was very pleased.
He opened the bag's zipper.
Tom could go there within 20 minutes.
There is always something to translate in Tatoeba.
It was thought that seaweed and plants were similar, but today they correspond to two different kingdoms.
Lungs, heart, veins, arteries and capillaries form the cardiovascular system.
The stomach and the large and small intestines form the digestive system.
Bacteria usually form colonies.
Are you ready to put it in?
We're ready to put the boat in the water.
Things are looking great.
Where's the oar?
Our budget is very limited.
They used a high-speed camera.
I need to warn my mom.
She was in the shower.
He was in the shower.
They were in the shower.
She's in the shower.
He's in the shower.
They're in the shower.
Why are we doing this?
Why are they doing this?
Why is she doing this?
Why is he doing this?
Why am I doing this?
You did it in front of the staff.
They did it in front of the staff.
She did it in front of the staff.
He did it in front of the staff.
He began to sweat.
She began to sweat.
I began to sweat.
Where is everybody?
Let's get back to work.
They're dangerous, and they have no natural predators.
They have no natural predators.
The clock is ticking.
Steam is coming out of the engine.
It's more dangerous than I thought.
The world is more dangerous than I thought.
Europe is more dangerous than I thought.
I am delighted to be here.
I'm delighted to be here.
I had a fender bender on my way to work.
Don't try this at home.
It's only effective at close range.
I need more power.
This is sometimes called the walk of shame.
Tom faces a conundrum.
I can't show you.
You want me to show you how to do it?
I'm ordering you to leave immediately.
This is a scam.
Can you please look the other way?
He jimmied the lock.
Jimmy jimmied the lock.
I don't care what you do with your money.
Let's see what happens.
I live in Yolo County.
I wish she would stop complaining.
Take it off.
She has red hair and freckles.
He has red hair and freckles.
I don't care what you do.
She was panting.
He was panting.
They were panting.
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
This is the perfect location.
A dust storm is coming.
This is Tom's camel.
He's nervous and excited.
She's nervous and excited.
I'm nervous and excited.
This is for your protection.
It's go time.
The stranger challenged Tom to a streetfight.
It's perfectly understandable.
He's young and healthy.
She's young and healthy.
They're young and healthy.
He's walking around in his underwear.
She's walking around in panties and bra.
Everything is possible.
Tom's dream is to live in a small town in the south of France.
We love our customers.
It's every man for himself.
She deserved it.
You deserved it.
I deserved it.
They deserved it.
Do you want to touch it?
That doesn't work at all.
This guy is really hot.
This girl is really hot.
He's adorable.
She's adorable.
He's very talented.
She's very talented.
I was worried for nothing.
He stood up for what was right.
She stood up for what was right.
They stood up for what was right.
He's innocent.
She's innocent.
It's just too soon.
She maxed out her credit card.
He maxed out her credit card.
I maxed out my credit card.
You were perfect.
He was perfect.
She was perfect.
It gets better.
The French like to eat frog legs.
The French like to eat snails.
The girls won.
How can this be done?
How can it be done?
This is extremely awkward.
I danced in the fire.
He danced in the fire.
They danced in the fire.
She danced in the fire.
I know as little as you do.
Men don't drive as well as women.
Women don't drive as well as men.
She's very good at parallel parking.
It may seem odd.
Our clients are the most important to us.
Women are better at this than men.
Men are better at this than women.
They hid in the cellar.
She's multilingual.
Tom is in charge of the barbecue.
Tom is the man of the house.
He came out on top.
She came out on top.
He's looking at dinosaurs.
That ended better than I expected.
Tom studied German in college.
She's an Asian-American.
He's an Asian-American.
He was not impressed.
She was not impressed.
I've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life.
One day, we'll all have to die.
The children are full of energy.
Even angels can't satisfy everyone.
Could you loan money to my brother?
From whose hand should I take something?
It is said that truth always triumphs.
I've been sick since Sunday.
The percentage of lipids in an animal cell is about 8%.
He's always busy.
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten.
One day when I was around the fountain, a poor woman came up to me asking for something to drink.
Do not play with the key.
I just got a good idea.
I work in an accounting office.
I get it.
I'm available in case you need something.
In a morning stroll, I was able to take excellent photos.
I signed the form.
Where can I buy it?
You're reliable.
This spoon is for soup.
This spoon is for tea.
Where's the pan lid?
I am not a dwarf. I am of short stature.
It's a fortnight trip from here.
I read only detective novels.
They went on a cruise and bought jewellery, paid for by Health Canada dollars.
I guess I fell through the cracks.
Tom is tall and strong.
We met them at the youth hostel.
Before using this product, carefully read this manual and the additional information in the expanded version of this manual available at our Web site.
Retain this manual for future reference.
To reduce the risk of fire or electric shock, do not expose this apparatus to rain or moisture.
To prevent fire or shock hazard, do not place a container filled with liquids on top of the console.
To avoid electrical shock, do not open the cabinet. Refer servicing to qualified personnel only.
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.
The use of optical instruments with this product will increase eye hazard.
Caution: risk of electric shock. Do not open.
This symbol is intended to alert the user to the presence of uninsulated "dangerous voltage" within the product's enclosure that may be of sufficient magnitude to constitute a risk of electric shock to persons.
Let's see what tonight will bring.
This symbol is intended to alert the user to the presence of important operating and maintenance (servicing) instructions in the literature accompanying the console.
A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights.
Certain conditions may trigger previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy.
If you, or anyone in your family, has an epileptic condition or has had seizures of any kind, consult your physician before playing.
If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video game - dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions - immediately discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play.
These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference when the equipment is operated in a residential installation.
This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
There is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures.
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Germans have the same amount of words for meetings than Eskimos for snow.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help.
If you have questions about this product, call our technical support line.
You are cautioned that any changes or modifications not expressly approved in this manual could void your authority to operate this equipment.
It's not us.
This app automatically signs you in when you open it.
I'll buy one of those computers if they can sing you a different song each morning.
The model and serial numbers are located on the bottom of the console.
Record the serial number in the space provided below.
Refer to the serial number whenever you call for technical assistance.
For more information, visit our website.
The lithium coin memory back-up battery inside this product contains Perchlorate.
For your protection, please read these safety instructions completely before operating the appliance.
Read these instructions.
Keep these instructions.
Heed all warnings.
Follow all instructions.
Do not use this apparatus near water.
Clean the apparatus only with dry cloth.
Do not block any ventilation openings.
Install the apparatus in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Do not install the apparatus near any heat sources such as radiators, heat registers, stoves, or other apparatus (including amplifiers) that produce heat.
Do not defeat the safety purpose of the polarized or grounding-type plug.
A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other.
A grounding-type plug has two blades and a third grounding prong.
The wide blade or the third prong is provided for your safety.
If the provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consult an electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet.
Protect the power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at plugs, convenience receptacles and the point where they exit from the apparatus.
Only use attachments or accessories specified by the manufacturer.
Use the apparatus only with the cart, tripod, bracket or table specified by the manufacturer, or sold with the apparatus.
When a cart is used, use caution when moving the cart or apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over.
Unplug this apparatus during lightening storms or when unused for long periods of time.
Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel.
Service is required when the apparatus has been damaged in any way, such as power-supply cord or plug damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have fallen into the apparatus, this apparatus has been exposed to rain or moisture, does not operate normally, or has been dropped.
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety.
Any electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical shock or personal injury.
To help ensure accident-free operation, follow these guidelines.
Observe all warnings, precautions and instructions.
Stop use and unplug the AC power cord from the electrical outlet immediately if the device functions in an abnormal manner or produces unusual sounds or smells.
Contact the appropriate customer service helpline if the device does not operate properly.
If I told you, you wouldn't understand.
I'm keeping three secrets from you.
She knows. She always knows.
I moved to England from Germany when I was nine.
I hate Tom. He's so popular!
Do you know why I hate Tom? Because he is everywhere.
Hey, Tom! Did you know changing your name is actually possible?
Have you got any ideas yet?
Tom finally changed his name.
I'm happy Tom managed to change his name.
You can change your name if you have good reasons to. And I'm sure you have, Tom!
Mum, dad, I've got something to tell you.
This isn't what it looks like.
I don't want to be your secret.
She learnt English incredibly quickly.
They were polar opposites: one was honest and reliable, whilst the other was unpredictable and irresponsible.
His long absences were starting to provoke suspicion.
That sounds like the kind of thing he'd do.
I spent a week in Berlin living with a German family.
I said enough.
Every year I take my family to the capital.
Why don't you go fly a kite?
Invite your friend for dinner.
Chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three-year low because of the world economy.
I dedicate this triumph to my friends.
I dedicate this song to my people.
I dedicate this song to you.
I dedicate this tears to all the deceased.
When operating the unit, play in a well-lit room and keep a safe distance from the screen.
Avoid prolonged use of the console. To help prevent eye strain, take a break of about 15 minutes during every hour of play.
Do not throw or drop the console or accessories, or expose them to strong physical shock.
I'm looking for a mango to eat.
Do not place the console or accessories on surfaces that are unstable, tilted or subject to vibration.
Do not expose the console or accessories to high temperatures, high humidity or direct sunlight (use in an environment where temperatures range from 5 °C to 35 °C or 41 °F to 95 °F).
Do not place the console or accessories in locations subject to sudden temperature change (for example, changes of 10 °C or 18 °F per hour or more).
Do not leave the console or accessories in a car with its windows closed (particularly in summer).
I'll return to Australia in two days.
Do not expose the console to dust, smoke or steam.
Do not allow liquid or small particles to get into the console.
Do not put any objects on the console.
Do not touch or insert foreign objects into the connectors of the console or accessories.
Do not place the console close to magnetic fields produced by magnets or loudspeakers.
Do not set the console other than in the vertical or horizontal position.
Do not place any rubber or vinyl materials on the product exterior for an extended period of time.
Thank you, this will do.
You're too meddling.
You are not going to die here.
The careless IT manager died by getting run over with his own Porsche.
Geology is divided into various branches such as mineralogy, petrology, and physical geology.
Young people have new ideas very often.
I didn't know he was dead.
Where was the body found?
The tradition of making a wish when you see a shooting star is very old.
This landscape is of indescribable beauty.
"Am I going to die?" "No, you are going to sleep."
"Am I going to die?" "No, you are going to rest."
He died doing what he loved.
He passed away, but his memories will be with us forever.
Mary can face death with so much serenity.
John says he wants to die in the same place he was born.
When I die, I want to be cremated.
John was born in a hospital and he died in a hospital.
John died in the same bed he was born.
John had his body cremated and the ashes thrown into the sea.
John says when he dies he doesn't want anyone to cry for him.
When I die, I want to be buried next to her.
If I die, I want you to keep this ring.
I'm going to die, and I want you to stay here with me.
Mary died in the priest's arms.
You have to understand that he died.
Don't worry, you did well.
For God's sake, get me out of here!
Whenever he sees me, he pretends he doesn't know me.
The street has been closed.
Mom, where's the cat?
I had a huge dog.
They found the body of a newborn baby in a freezer.
I can't play that song without a capo.
Do not touch the plug of the AC power cord with wet hands.
Do not touch the console or connected accessories during an electrical storm.
Do not touch the console or AC adaptor for extended periods of time while the console is turned on as extended contact may cause low-temperature burns.
To help ensure safe operation, regularly inspect the AC adaptor and AC power cord. If damaged, stop use immediately.
Do not use a power cord other than the supplied AC adaptor and AC power cord.
Check that there is no dust or lint on the power plug before inserting into an electrical outlet.
If the plug becomes dirty, wipe it off with a dry cloth before connecting.
I have no cell phone, no showy photos, no funny personality. Just medicaments.
I spend all my money in medicaments, but I have a good time.
It won't work without the final piece.
My plan is to get out of here and think of a better plan.
If no one has a better proposal, let's get to work.
He was not just a father to me.
Life without a credit card is hard.
Yesterday, there were three good films at the same time on the TV. And I saw none of them.
The movie will be showing in this movie theater.
The movie is showing in movie theaters next month.
The movie will be showing on TV when I get old.
The plague has devastated entire cities.
Entire cities have fallen at the hands of the enemy army.
Could you help us translate this text?
What time do you start school?
What time do you finish school?
What time do you start work?
What time do you finish work?
What time do you get up on workdays?
What time do you get up on schooldays?
What time do you get up on Sundays?
What time do you eat dinner?
What time do you all eat dinner?
What time do you put your son to bed?
What time do you get off?
What time do you get to work?
What time do you leave?
What time do you have a break?
What time do you have a nap?
What time do you take a bath?
What time do you take a bath in the morning?
What? I can't hear you guys.
What time do you take a bath in the evening?
What time do you want me to come?
What time do you want me to be here?
What time do you arrive at school?
What time do you arrive at work?
What time do you go to the market?
What time do you arrive home?
What time do you usually wake up?
What time do you watch TV?
What time do you go to the beach?
What time do you call your wife?
What time do you do your homework?
What time do you watch the news?
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
What time do you usually wake up while on vacation?
What time do you water the garden?
What time do you take the children out?
What time do you walk the dog?
What time do you prefer to work?
What time do you turn the lights off?
When will you be back in Italy?
Do you see the smile?
Just say you don't know.
Old people have difficulty understanding new technology of the time.
Keep on controlling.
They speak about us.
Why should you be on it?
She is not as patient as you.
One hundred years is called a century.
Seeing those tasks, I did not feel the burden.
Which is your favorite song?
Trust the bear!
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.
She may be proud of her daughter.
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.
A bear will not touch a corpse.
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.
The problem is that the money is not of such importance as the time.
Boys run fast.
It explains a lot.
Are you in favor of the new law?
An intelligent friend of mine has a name meaning "freedom" in Lojban.
If a person is dishonest, he is dishonest to the end.
I wonder if he will win both races.
Good night, Tatoeba. See you tomorrow.
This movie is indeed a timeless masterpiece.
Tom is not an M.D. but a Psychologist.
The dog bit the cat on the tail.
He knows I don't like face to face meetings.
Where are you planning to spend the night?
In the morning I'm taking the first ferry to Greece.
The further we are from one disaster, the closer we are to the next.
You can go to the bus station.
The leading brand of disposable chopsticks is Otemoto.
Gekkyoku is the leading company in the parking business in Japan.
Camels have either one or two humps.
I have no one to blame but myself.
I wet the bed until I was ten years old.
We should respect our ancestors.
The show turned out to be just as disappointing as they said.
Was that intended as a joke?
My parents got divorced.
My nephew is as old as me, and we are in the same class.
The wise man provides for the future, the foolish man ends up with nothing.
She was kind enough to come pick me up at my house.
He is not as clever as my brother.
More and more Americans go abroad.
I'm ready when you are.
I played with friends.
I'm playing with my friends.
This isn't what I asked for.
She's ashamed of her body.
He's ashamed of his body.
I'm ashamed of my body.
Tom is now a happy little boy.
Mary is now a happy little girl.
A fight broke out between two schoolboys.
He was excommunicated.
She was excommunicated.
I'm new in town.
He's new in town.
She's new in town.
They come from the same village.
They come from the same town.
They come from the same country.
How big is your house?
"You've got a crush on this girl." "No, I don't!"
He has a crush on this girl.
She has a crush on this boy.
He slammed his door shut.
She slammed the door shut.
She's brushing her hair.
I grew up in a small town.
He grew up in a small town.
She grew up in a small town.
You don't have to believe me.
You're late to the party.
My mother's going to kill me.
My father's going to kill me.
My sister's going to kill me.
My wife's going to kill me.
We can do it right now.
This company has been spying on its employees.
They live in a commune.
Tom lives in a commune with hippies.
Tom believes in equality between women and men.
The parking lot is empty.
Mary likes to wear flowers in her hair.
Mary wants to have a balanced lifestyle.
They're self sufficient.
No, please go just the both of you. I don't want to play the violin for you two.
He started taking salsa lessons.
She can't assemble Ikea furniture.
His girlfriend did it for him.
The children are riding their bikes.
I want the best.
He wants only the best.
The children are singing around the camp fire.
My children rarely go outside.
Make sure it's well lubed.
You should keep this machine clean and lubed.
Have you measured it?
It's an honest question.
How far can you stick your finger up your nose?
It's popular among senior citizens.
It couldn't have come at a better time.
It couldn't have come at a worse time.
My signature is meaningful, majestic and inimitable.
We arrived too late. There was nothing we could do.
If you weren't so scatterbrained, you wouldn't always fall for the same trick.
I have the power to find out when someone is reading my mind.
I just want to hear you sing one more time.
It was night when he parted.
It was night, and a veil of darkness covered the streets.
The time we've spent together is irreplaceable.
The time we've spent together has taught us everything about each other.
It was already past seven, and the darkness slowly consumed the houses and the streets.
Where did you find it? Somewhere in the forest. I couldn't say precisely.
The squad was leaded by the general, who stood firm as the hours passed.
This bridge looks steady.
I work delivering pizzas.
I'm glad you ask me that question.
I'll examine the patient right away, but before let's check his medical history.
I'm sorry to call you this late at night, but I really needed someone to talk to.
I'm very mad at you. I don't want to hear from you. Now, out of my sight!
I hope we meet again someday soon.
Someday I'll beat you.
I'll have everything I want someday soon.
Our baby will be born someday soon.
I'll return to my country someday soon.
I'm sorry, but we cannot meet your requirements.
So let's be friends and enjoy our very cooperative community as well as the richness and diversity of languages ​​and their cultures!
I like to walk barefoot on the beach through the sand.
Well, you've convinced me.
The product of two negative numbers is positive.
I slapped him.
He's in prison.
My father loves to play the guitar.
I don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
She was pleased with the new dress.
A bold man has half the world.
How do I access the Internet?
Have you called Lucy yet?
I lost my film.
I took the cake out of the oven.
He died of gastric cancer.
I enjoy the challenge of translating the untranslatable.
I like the challenge of translating the untranslatable.
How many languages does Charlotte know?
I won't sleep tonight.
I wanted to sleep tonight!
You're too young to die.
Charlotte, what's this language?
He took out a book about the history of coins.
I couldn't have said it any better myself.
He was envious of his way of living.
Which is the date of your birthday?
Here they are!
I like the slow rhythm of this song.
This guy is a bandit.
This guy is a crook.
This guy is an outlaw.
That guy is a bandit.
That guy is a crook.
That guy is an outlaw.
Promotions encourage translators.
Who approved this intolerable rubbish for TV?
He was satisfied with his new car.
I couldn't have expressed it better.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
Go back home and call the police!
Is it the last lesson?
It's totally useless.
What does that tall man play?
I don't act like you.
Act like I do!
He is my colleague.
The later they will contact me, the better. Because it buys me time.
I already saw it.
We are aiming at the pigeons.
We are alluding to war.
We are annoying the teacher.
We are applying butter on our bread.
We are arguing with the neighbors.
We are asking the mayor questions.
We are assembling the engine.
We are baking a delicious cake.
We are baking in the kitchen.
We are barking like dogs.
We are basking in the summer sun.
We are beating our donkeys.
The bitch is biting her owner.
We are bleating like sheep.
We are blinking our eyes.
We are boiling water.
We are bragging about our new boat.
We are braying like donkeys.
We are breast-feeding our babies.
We are breathing pure air.
We are bringing down the old house.
We are building a bridge.
The bush is burning.
The houses are burning.
We are calculating the benefits.
We are calling the police.
We are calling back the manager.
We are carding the wool.
We are changing our clothes.
We are checking our mailboxes.
We are cheeping like sparrows.
Mary is clearing her throat.
We are clearing our backyard.
We are climbing the palm tree.
We are closing the store.
We are coating the wall with clay.
I am complaining to the principal.
We are consoling his mother.
We are cooing like pigeons.
We are correcting spelling mistakes.
We are crawling like babies.
We are cutting the wood.
We are decorating the pottery.
We are decorating the conference room.
We are digging a well in the backyard.
We are disturbing Tom because he always disturbs us.
We are dozing off.
It's late and we are dozing.
We are drawing animals.
We are dreaming of a better future.
We are drilling the roof.
We are driving the trucks into the garage.
I am drooling like a dog.
Hurry up! We are drowning!
Did you sign?
Mary's dress is drying in the sun.
We are dying one after the other.
We are dyeing our hair brown.
Dioxin is very dangerous.
Even the mayor breathes dioxin.
You really need a woman.
You really need a psychiatrist.
I wanted them to win.
The relaxing sounds will carry you away.
Now the only ones I really like are the Italian sisters, but they won't win.
I tried to write him.
I like the boys from the start of the marathon.
The emperor passed away in January of 1989. Therefore, the name of the era changed from Showa to Heisei.
These glasses are cool.
Welcome to this brand new week!
Who started unwrapping a new jar of Nutella?
We cannot be naked enough.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
You guys were fucking awesome last night!
Romain deserves a standing ovation for his incredible collection!
I can't put up with his rudeness.
I can't bear his rudeness.
I can't tolerate his rudeness.
Is there anything strange?
Why don't you ask him for help?
I was welcomed.
The strike hindered the national economy.
This fruit tastes bad.
How do you access the Internet?
Authorized personnel only.
This is not a free translation. It's a nonsense translation.
I'd like to go to the hair salon this weekend, if I feel like it.
He seems healthy.
He seems to be in good health.
The quality of life of the citizens is always of secondary importance.
Oh, the streetlights have turned on.
What he said turned out true.
It's not "gorilla rain", but "guerrilla rain"; do you understand?
I hear that it's good to cool the back of your neck when it's hot.
I hear that it's good to cool the back of your neck when it's hot outside.
Now, as a test of courage, won't you go into that abandoned building over there? It's famous as a place haunted by spirits.
I can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
My teeth ache. I need to make an appointment with my dentist.
I had my decayed tooth removed.
I'm going there. No one can stop me.
Today was a tiring day.
We will separate our home's large land equally for our children.
But it's true.
Don't forget that there are exceptions.
He's not disciplined enough.
She lived there for many years.
Is that so? Let's go there next then.
She explained the rules in detail.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
It's important to do it with a textbook adapted to your level.
There's a man here that wants to see you.
I wasn't told much to study in my home. It's because before tests I used to concentrate and study quite a bit.
I'm sleepy. I'm going to sleep. Good night.
Of course, I welcome advice taken from your experience!
I can't teach well at all today. I realize that I was just lucky until today.
Just because a sentence is owned by a native speaker, it doesn't mean that it's natural or that it's an example of modern daily usage.
Auctions are annoying, so I bought it instantly with a buyout.
What's your aim in Tatoeba?
The next generation will never know racism.
This T-shirt costs ten dollars.
I wouldn't want it even if they were giving it away.
I've got mine, so screw you.
Mary is speaking to strangers.
He looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
Their house is organized according to Feng Shui.
Tom is a highly gifted man.
Did they ever play in Italy?
The U.S. incarceration rate is the highest in the world.
We're up a creek without a paddle.
This is something to consider.
The work has already begun.
Have you tried it before?
I felt out of place.
What a beautiful shirt!
This shirt costs more than fifty dollars.
I'll be thinking of you today.
The curfew is at 10 pm.
She snuck out to meet up with a boy.
He snuck out to meet up with a girl.
We have tried everything.
The local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town.
When I got home, I had a nice, ice-cold shower.
Tom posted an unboxing video, but it's extremely boring.
This packaging is hard to remove.
The goods arrived undamaged.
These pills come in a blister pack.
Tom bought some croutons.
Tom bought some condoms.
I cut my finger while trying to open the package.
Her book quickly became a bestseller.
She doesn't want to play with her toys.
He doesn't want to play with his toys.
You should buy him new toys.
You should buy her new toys.
Tom wants to become rich and famous.
The mind is nothing but a plaything of the body.
She just wants attention.
He just wants attention.
You are the one.
It was a wise decision.
Tom is a shy and lonely boy.
He enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time.
Many men have larger breasts than women.
It won't happen again.
It won't make any difference.
How about a cup of hot coffee?
How about a cup of coffee?
A surfer was eaten by a shark in Australia.
We've been there before.
We've been here before.
Are we doing this?
It's a bad time.
My house is your house.
This area is off-limits.
My instinct was right.
Even my mom knows.
You can only use it once.
It's a sign of the times.
He's a fast learner.
She's a fast learner.
He's a talented writer.
She's a talented writer.
She's wearing low-rise jeans.
They're looking for you.
They went whale watching.
I saw a whale tail today.
Do you want to tell me what this is?
She won the wet t-shirt contest.
Drop your weapons!
Tom is wearing leather shorts.
She knows many folk dances.
The cyclists are wearing cyclist shorts made of spandex.
He knows many folk dances.
My brother's going to kill me.
My husband's going to kill me.
Her boyfriend did it for her.
There is a serious problem.
There's a serious problem.
She hasn't changed her mind.
He hasn't changed his mind.
They haven't changed their mind.
This is inappropriate.
The price of that book is five dollars.
Language can be used in many ways.
There is nothing to be scared of.
Hatred doesn't just appear out of thin air, it usually starts from envy or fear.
It's like the knife.
It's a great truth.
In 48 hours, everything will be over!
What are hymenoptera?
We always love the people that admire us, but not always the ones we admire.
My father is going to kill me.
I'm going to take the ticket.
Even though great men flatter themselves with their great accomplishments, they're rarely the result of great planning, but more often of mere chance.
If we didn't have any flaws, we wouldn't take such a great pleasure in noticing them in others.
What color is your urine: clear, dark yellow, reddish, or brown like beer?
When I was in middle school, I had a friend in the track club who normally studied 3 hours a day. He didn't speed up the pace before tests. On the contrary, he didn't have any club activities and so had lot of free time, so before the test we would go to his house and play video games every day. If we hadn't done that, I would have gotten better grades too.
You may bill the foot only if you are a podiatrist, otherwise, you may just foot the bill.
My Latin is getting rusty.
She works with single-minded determination.
How odd!
Very strange.
And if I was homosexual, would that be a sin?
She recently came out as a lesbian.
Wake up, sleepyhead! You've been asleep for twelve hours!
Does she really think that she can just waltz in here as if nothing happened?
She suspected that it was too late.
My characters all have something of the hero archetype about them, in that they are largely stripped of context.
Nobody knew where those kids came from, but nobody wanted to receive them for fear of their disease.
That's a church.
I admit that the average Chilean is quite a cheater.
They are such cheaters!
So that's where all my chocolate goes!
He looks scared of mum.
Women share everything.
You're free to say what you think.
The anger in her face was unmistakeable.
You can easily judge the ripeness of a banana by the color of its peel.
Foreigners often feel unwelcome here.
There were penguin footprints in the sand.
They investigate whether the fingerprints found on the door were the thief's.
She became rich by making ceramic pieces.
Thanks for playing along with us!
If I told you, I'd have to kill you.
Who's the guy in the mask?
Why doesn't that surprise me?
Be very good and don't tell your parents about it!
In many African countries south of the Sahara there is poverty.
In many African countries south of the Sahara, poverty exists.
Why don't you answer your dad?
The maelstrom of passions is not what we need now.
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
I accept this proposal.
We accept credit cards.
You accept the money he gives you.
You accept Tom's suggestions.
You accept Tom's checks, so why don't you accept mine?
He accepts gifts from students.
She accepts good suggestions.
They accept students like Tom.
They accept other opinions.
We are adding examples in Berber.
I add examples to Tatoeba in many languages.
We add examples in languages we know.
We add long examples.
You add short examples.
You add examples but you don't translate them.
He adds examples in Russian.
She adds a lot of examples.
They add articles to Wikipedia.
They add pictures to their album.
I address my teacher in Berber.
I ask questions to my doctor.
We ask questions to our teachers.
You ask Tom a lot of questions.
You ask questions about everything.
You ask your husbands about love.
He asks questions to his father.
She asks questions about the education of children.
They ask questions directly to the President.
They ask questions to their mothers.
I assemble car engines.
We assemble water heaters.
You assemble cranes.
You assemble trucks.
You assemble sewing machines.
He assembles washing machines.
She assembles computers.
They assemble planes.
They assemble typewriters.
I attend scientific conferences.
We attend our classes.
You attend conferences abroad.
You attend all the meetings.
You attend all the parties.
He attends medical conferences.
She attends cultural meetings.
They attend every meeting.
They attend every class.
I authorize my workers to leave early.
We authorize the workers to take company cars home.
You authorize your workers to smoke in the office.
You allow your children to play in the street at night.
You authorize your children to watch bad movies.
He authorizes his workers to eat at the office.
She authorizes her children to grow their hair long.
They authorize Muslim workers to leave early in Ramadan.
They authorize their children to play with dirt.
I bake traditional cakes.
We bake traditional bread.
You bake in your kitchen.
You bake bread in your ovens.
You bake delicious pies.
He bakes bread in a very old oven.
She bakes bread in her new oven.
They bake good cakes.
They bake a delicious pizza.
I love my home.
My father loves us.
My father misses my mother and me.
I want that shirt too.
The time is now.
This street is closed for transports of dangerous goods.
Women not only see things differently from men, but they see different things.
I absolutely agree.
He participated in the horse dressage competition.
Hi, Source_VOA!
The students held the male student down and cut his hair with a pair of scissors.
Tom believes in life after birth.
I boil water in a sauce pan.
We boil water to cook spaghetti.
You boil water to cook eggs.
Legalize it!
You boil water to kill all the microbes in it.
You boil water in an oven.
He boils water in a coffee pot.
She boils water to wash her hair.
They boil water to drink it.
They boil water for tea.
I borrow books from the library.
We borrow German dictionaries from Pfirsichbaeumchen.
Fuck, we're old!
You borrow money from Taninna.
You borrow pens from your friends.
You borrow jewels from your friends.
He borrows the car from his neighbor.
She borrows novels from Tom.
They borrow books from the teachers' library.
They borrow magazines from Taninna.
Your body is saying yes.
As Ralph Waldo Emerson puts it, "language is fossil poetry".
Because, in the same way as painting, practice is essential for novels.
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was studying.
And honour the face of the old man.
On what grounds were you fired?
At first, I felt they were right to have fired me.
I have been long willing to say this.
If he doesn't eat, he will cry.
If he doesn't drink, he will die.
If he doesn't write, I will not write him anymore.
If he doesn't go to school, I will not talk to him anymore.
Marika translated my book into German.
Marika is Finnish, but she knows German.
Marika helps me in English.
Marika is Finnish, but she is fluent in German.
I didn't ask Marika to teach me Finnish.
I cannot learn Finnish because I don't want to live in Finland.
Finnish is the mother tongue of my children.
Finnish is the language of my wife.
Finnish is the language of my in-laws.
Marika taught me some Finnish.
Marika wanted me to learn Finnish.
Marika loves her language, Finnish.
All the Finnish love their language.
A lot of Finnish know German.
Marika is Finnish but she speaks German just like the Germans.
My new girlfriend is Chinese.
That is massive!
Now let's have a big portion of spaghetti and a cup of tea, my dear lords and ladies.
Look at all the cool stuff.
Mike Tyson is a boxer.
Charlie Chaplin is an actor.
Steven Spielberg is a film director.
Barack Obama is the President of the United States.
Many students like to study in the morning.
Tom and Ken play tennis every afternoon.
Taninna goes to the library and studies every day.
I tried to speak Chinese and Mr. Wang tried to speak French.
I bought an umbrella.
We bought a new washing machine.
You bought an expensive coat.
You bought a new house.
You bought a lot of jewels.
It's beyond reason.
But while we will never know fully what causes somebody to take the life of another, we do know what makes life worth living. [...] Our time here is limited and it is precious.
That's why I think I'll be chosen.
Don't forget who you are.
I got home and took my shoes off.
I got home and the first thing I did was taking my shoes off.
I got home, took my shoes off and went to bed.
I took my shoes off and threw them out the window.
I threw the shoes out the window.
I put my shoes under the bed.
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.
I put the gifts in the attic.
I put the gifts in the attic so you wouldn't find them.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, and today I put them under the bed.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, today I put them under the bed and tomorrow I'll throw them out the window.
I'm the ghost of a sad poet who died a terrifying death.
My bed is large, and ghosts come and sleep on it during the day.
At that time, I used to have terrifying hallucinations.
Something terrifying happened that day.
The gloomy house was like a ghost.
The ghost visits her in her dreams.
Her daughter is not the same since she saw a ghost.
A ghost is moving things around the house.
I supposed a ghost would appear.
It's a ghost, and only I can speak to him.
As a kid I was possessed by a ghost.
A ghost is looking at me.
Having once tasted ink, she became thirsty in that regard, as tame tigers are said to be after tasting another sort of fluid, and wanted to sign everything, and put her name in all kinds of places.
The vehicles jumped frantically and their alarms shouted for help.
All the houses were shaking and alarms were ringing everywhere.
The ground started to shake and the alarm rang.
In case the alarm rings walk, don't run.
I won't wake up even if the alarm rings.
The alarm rang and everyone rushed out.
The alarm rang and everyone had to evacuate.
Our prayers go out to those affected by the shooting in Colorado.
Our thoughts are with all those affected by this terrible event.
Alone against everybody.
The people fear war.
You know, money is just paper, and that is a real car.
This paper is magical, it can turn into anything you want.
She was always very secretive.
It happened two years ago.
I should go home.
I should go to bed.
Yay! I'm happy that it's an apple that I'm eating!
I'm happy the apple I'm eating is green!
You have a habit that I'm happy about.
I need the book! Where is it?
Are you no longer in pain?
Have you caught that Unicorn yet?
They say he's the richest person in the city.
I love Spanish!
Loving who hates us sets us free.
Could I please receive by monday, by FAX or email's attachment, a proof of the bank transfer for the payment.
A crocodile ate a dog.
You worked more than I did.
Mary has a nice figure.
Judy is a very intelligent student.
In C language, There are two ways to pass parameters to a function: to pass by value and to pass by reference.
The third generation Japanese communication methods are W-CDMA and CDMA2000.
He sketched an apple.
The Japanese translation of computer languages, like C language for example, is a bit strange but there are predefined appropriate terms.
We're very attracted to the country life.
You're the only one who bought it.
I progress steadily. My efforts are paying off.
I think that it is impossible to master a foreign language by self-learning.
Actually, I am poor at talking.
A thing doesn't please God because it is good; rather, because it pleases God, it is good.
Recently, I came to think that it's impossible to become able to speak a foreign language unless you're in a classroom with a teacher teaching it to you properly.
Let us touch base on this issue every morning at the beginning of the day.
It was an awful performance.
Thank you for doing me this favor.
Thank you for dedicating a poem to me in Berber.
Thank you for decorating my house.
Thank you for dancing with me.
Thank you for cutting the dead tree in my garden.
Thank you for helping me to cross the road.
Thank you for accepting my invitation on Facebook.
Thank you for asking this question.
Thank you for attending this meeting.
Thank you for authorizing me to leave before time.
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.
"Thank you for biting me," I told my cat.
Thank you for boiling the water.
Thank you for borrowing money from my bank.
Thank you for braking. You almost killed us!
Thank you for breaking my phone.
Thank you for bringing your computer.
Thank you for building this wall.
Thank you for burning my shirt with your cigarette.
Thank you for buying me this magazine.
Thank you for calling me on time.
Thank you for calling me back.
Thank you for carding the wool.
Thank you for catching me a butterfly.
Thank you for changing your clothes.
"Thank you for clawing me," Taninna told her cat.
Thank you for clearing the backyard.
Thank you for climbing this tree to help me.
Thank you for closing the door.
Thank you for coming early.
Thank you for commenting on my article.
Thank you for consoling me when I was sad.
Thank you for correcting my text.
Thank you for crossing the river to help me.
Thank you for dealing with this problem on time.
Thank you for decorating this glass for me.
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.
It isn't the first time and it won't be the last.
Every time that I see you, I think of my father.
Seeing you always makes me think about my father.
My sister plays with dolls.
Our problems are nothing compared to his.
The loss of her father was very painful for her.
The main person who caused that financial scandal is the president of ABC investment bank.
Do you happen to know the date of the exam?
We never forget the first amnesia.
We postponed the conference to next Friday.
I quickly turned my gaze to the door.
If there were no such thing as display in the world, my private opinion is, and I hope you agree with me, that we might get on a great deal better than we do, and might be infinitely more agreeable company than we are.
Good company in a journey is worth a coach.
Under normal conditions, the boiling point of water is 100 degrees Celsius.
Light travels faster than sound. Therefore some people seem bright until you hear them speak.
Have you ever seen snow?
Have you ever touched a hedgehog?
Have you ever caught a fish?
Have you ever called Taninna?
Have you ever driven a van?
Have you ever lied to your mother?
Have you ever danced in a party?
Have you ever broken your glasses?
Have you ever cleared this garden?
Have you ever cleaned your kitchen?
Have you ever added an article to Wikipedia?
Have you ever argued with your manager?
Have you ever asked me a question and I didn't answer?
Have you ever assembled a computer by yourself?
Have you ever attended one of Tom's conferences?
Have you ever authorized me to leave early?
Have you ever baked a pizza?
The hotel has a pleasant atmosphere.
Have you ever basked in the sun of the Sahara desert?
Have you ever been absent at work?
Have you ever been to Germany?
Have you ever beaten your dog?
Have you ever borrowed money from your company?
Have you ever breast-fed a baby?
Have you ever breathed pure air?
Have you ever brought your dog to this beach?
Have you ever built a house?
Have you ever burnt your coat with a cigarette?
Have you ever bought a rifle?
Have you ever changed your clothes?
Have you ever checked your mailbox?
Have you ever changed your password?
Have you ever brushed your teeth?
Have you ever brushed your hair?
Have you ever carded wool?
Have you ever climbed Mount Everest?
Have you ever coated a wall with lime?
Have you ever come to our meetings?
Have your ever come across an animal like this?
Have you ever commented a sentence on Tatoeba?
Have you ever complained to the manager?
Have you ever consoled a friend?
Have you ever corrected a sentence on Tatoeba?
Have you ever connected to the Internet?
This is the first time I've ever connected to the Internet in the country.
I am connecting this computer to the Internet.
Tom is connecting his phone to the Internet.
I cannot connect my phone to the Internet.
Have you ever crossed a river as big as this one?
Have you ever cut a tree with an ax?
Have you ever dated a girl?
Have you ever dealt with a problem like this?
Have you ever decorated pottery?
Have you ever decorated your house for a party?
Have you ever dedicated a song to the orphans?
Have you ever dug a hole as deep as this one?
Have you ever done shopping in a foreign country?
Have you ever dozed in the classroom?
Have you ever drawn an animal?
Have you ever dreamt about Taninna?
Have you ever drilled this wall?
Have you ever drunk carrot juice?
Have you ever dried your hair with a hairdrier?
Have you ever dyed your hair red?
Have you ever eaten this dish?
Have you extinguished fire with sand?
Have you ever fallen into a well?
Have you ever fed a crocodile?
This word doesn't exist in French.
Have you ever felt dizzy on a plane?
Have you ever felt nauseous on a train?
Have you ever felled a tree?
Have you ever cut your finger with a knife?
Having arrived at the station, he immediately called a taxi.
Have you ever encouraged your children to go on a diet?
Have you ever fought at high school?
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.
Have you found an answer to this question?
Do you ever do your homework?
Have you ever fired a worker?
Have you ever fished on this river?
Have you ever fixed your car by yourself?
Have your ever followed the White Rabbit to its hole?
Have you ever forgotten your phone number?
Have you ever fried mushrooms?
Have you ever got across a river by swimming?
Do not wander in speech!
Have you ever got angry with Marika?
Have you ever got on a boat?
Have you ever got pregnant?
Have you ever gone to work on Sunday?
Have you ever greeted Pfirsichbäumchen in German?
Have you ever grilled fish?
Have you ever grown a beard?
Can you see what's wrong with this picture?
It was charming to see how these girls danced. They had no spectators but the apple-pickers on the ladders. They were very glad to please them, but they danced to please themselves (or at least you would have supposed so); and you could no more help admiring, than they could help dancing. How they did dance!
Have you ever hung up washing?
Have you ever had dinner with your family?
The two girls, quite unconstrained and careless, danced in the freedom and gaiety of their hearts.
Is the world more mad than usual this morning?
The heart and mystery of his philosophy was, to look upon the world as a gigantic practical joke.
Don't speak lightly of a true heart, which is all your own.
I don't know that there's any great merit in that.
You can't write "Pfirsichbäumchen"? It's so simple!
There should be no kinks.
Thank you for advising me.
I cannot advise Tom. He never listens to me.
This is the first time I've ever advised a friend to do this.
Have you ever advised a friend?
Have you ever had lunch at this restaurant?
Have you ever had a nap at the library?
Have you ever had a rest at your office?
Have you ever heard this word?
Have you ever helped your wife in cooking?
Have you ever hired a maid?
Have you ever hugged your children?
Have you ever inflated a balloon as big as this one?
Even for quarrels, a common language is needed.
Have you ever interrupted your manager?
Have you ever invited Tom to your parties?
Have you ever ironed your clothes by yourself?
Have you ever jumped from a bridge into the sea?
Have you ever killed a lion?
Have you ever kissed your children? You don't even look at them!
Have you ever kneaded dough?
Have you ever knocked down a dog with your car?
Have you ever laughed at the teacher?
Have you ever learnt a language in a week?
Is it true that you learnt Esperanto in a week?
Have you ever left your office open?
Have you ever lent your car to someone?
Have you ever lighted a cigarette with a blowtorch?
Have you ever listened to this song?
Have you ever lived in a big city?
Have you ever lived in an old building?
Have you ever locked the door of your room at night?
Have you ever lost your luggage at the airport?
Have you ever made your bed by yourself?
Have you ever made your wife and children happy?
Have you ever made yourself up?
Have you ever managed a company?
Have you ever massaged your legs with this ointment?
Have you ever met Taninna at the library?
Have you ever mended your carpets?
Stop meddling.
Have you ever memorized the national anthem?
Have you ever mentioned this to the teacher?
Have you ever milked a cow?
Have you ever missed a plane?
Have you ever missed your parents?
It's the first time I miss Taninna so much!
It's the first time I mix chilli with mayonnaise.
I cannot mix chilli with my food.
Have you ever mixed chilli with mustard?
I live in an old house.
The joke was at my expense.
I put my fate in your beautiful hands.
Two weeks have passed and I haven't seen you.
Some people dislike the traditional New Year's ritual.
‘What is the brook without burning thirst for?’, Arkadź Kulašoŭ asks in his verse.
All the photographs and videos of the aeroplane dropping teddy bears are claimed to be falsification and provocation by Belarusian authorities.
The Lvov city council once more draws attention to the false information regarding the intention to ban speaking Russian in Lvov.
Would you be so kind as to give me a glass of water?
The dogs were happy.
John went back to work after a two-week hospital stay.
The coccyx is a vestigial, that shows the common ancestry of mankind and apes.
They close their eyes.
I remember this story.
But how does this story end?
The ending is much more interesting.
It isn't a prophecy.
The U.S. gun homicide rate is 15 times higher than other populous, high income countries.
The U.S. gun ownership rate is the highest in the world.
You are probably wrong.
He's probably wrong.
She's probably wrong.
We should all stick together.
It's an extreme case.
Tom ordered a bottle of wine.
I have no idea what to expect.
I had no idea what to expect.
He had no idea what to expect.
She had no idea what to expect.
They had no idea what to expect.
Tapas are a typical Spanish dish.
He likes potato salad.
She likes potato salad.
I like potato salad.
Waaaa...
This has to stop.
It has to stop.
Don't worry. They will be supervised.
Tom is a bibliophile.
It's now fairly common.
Tom is self-centered.
There are downsides to being pretty.
The intern is lazy.
I danced all night long.
We danced all night long.
They danced all night long.
He danced all night long.
She danced all night long.
There are colapsible solar cockers.
There are foldable solar cockers.
Kawa is an implementation of Scheme for JVM that allows to take advantage of all the Java’s libraries.
A. Lukashenko said that “parliament is a school, and the people who graduated from this school shouldn’t be lost”.
The matter is very worse.
The refugees took shelter in a refugee camp from the Red-Cross.
It happens that innocents are sentenced to death.
The closing ceremony of the Olympics was wonderful.
Yesterday was the school closing ceremony.
Feast all night and feud in the morning.
Feast all night and sleep all day.
You may feast all night, but return to your grave before dawn!
Feast all night and fight all day!
They feast all night and fast from dawn to dusk for one month every year.
You need a thief to catch a thief.
You've made my day.
She's a real estate agent.
Don't judge a man by the clothes he wears.
This girl is not ashamed of anything.
I'd like to apologise to Volgograd's police.
God's tired of loving us.
A man who swallowed a tree becomes a tree which swallowed a man.
The costs of living have raised dramatically.
His heart is filled with sorrow.
He lives in Tokyo now.
She's two years older than you.
My sister loves sweets.
I would do anything for love.
I would do anything but kill.
You may do everything but criticize me.
The chairs will be here tomorrow.
I wanted to go to Paris.
Perhaps it is true.
Relax.
What a brainless numpty !
The sun and the moon cause tides.
I'm here. Is there anybody home?
This effect was noticed by the creators of the full-screen editors, such as PyRoom, FocusWriter and DarkRoom.
There is no doubt that enhancing user experience is the last thing webmasters think about when they add social bookmarking widgets to their sites.
For some reason I couldn’t select unifont even though I’ve installed it, so I had to build dmenu with the xft patch to get Chinese menu entries displayed correctly.
If you live to seek revenge, best dig a grave for two.
You’ve given me access to the Wordpress Dashboard, but what I need is an FTP account.
Just then I heard footsteps in the stairwell.
Who told you to bring me here?
I stayed longer than I thought I would.
She started at the top.
She started from the summit.
Doctors write prescriptions in the language, in which electric train drivers announce stations.
Have you ever mopped your house?
Have you ever needed help?
Have you ever opened this door?
Have you ever painted this house?
Have you ever parked your car on this street?
Have you ever patted a tiger?
Have you ever paid a fine?
Have you ever peed on the street?
Have you ever pegged your clothes up in the balcony?
Have you ever phoned Marika?
Have you ever picked your nose in the presence of the teacher?
Have you ever planted a tree?
Have you ever played dominoes?
Have you ever plowed a field with a horse?
Have you ever plucked a chicken?
Have you ever prayed in a mosque?
Have you ever pronounced this word?
Have you ever pruned a tree?
Have you ever put your cat into a cage?
Have you ever put your baby into bed?
Have you ever read a book in Chinese?
Have you ever recruited foreign workers?
Have you ever reviewed your lessons in a park?
Have you ever ridden a bicycle?
Some think that the Berber language might die out.
But Berber will never die.
Projects like Tatoeba can help the Berber language survive.
Have you ever scared a dog away?
Have you ever scolded your daughter?
I wish there were more African languages in Tatoeba.
I wish there were more minority languages in Tatoeba.
I wish there were more Native American languages in the Tatoeba Corpus.
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority language in Tatoeba.
I wonder how Tatoeba can attract speakers of minority languages.
Tatoeba can help people to learn minority languages.
There should be more sentences in minority languages in Tatoeba.
It is very important to add sentences in minority languages to Tatoeba.
Have you ever scratched your back with a backscratcher made in Japan?
Have you ever screamed in a movie theater?
Have you ever searched this word in the dictionary?
Have you ever seen this flag?
Have you ever sold a car?
Have you ever sent a letter through DHL?
Have you ever set a trap for a bear?
Have you ever sewed on a button?
Have you ever shaken with cold?
Have you ever shaken hands with the President?
Have you ever sharpened this knife?
Have you ever shaved your beard?
Have you ever sheared a sheep?
Have you ever shot a rifle?
Have you ever shouted at Taninna?
Have you ever shown your scar to someone?
There are few parking opportunities here.
Five different contractors made the renovations.
How could I go the heaven ?
Very happy to see you.
In 1940, life was difficult.
Let us think about the worst that could happen.
Dirty stories are prohibited!
I am going to Europe next week.
This is strictly a private matter.
She became a woman.
The one who does not work, does not eat!
This we can discuss.
The children returned home at dusk.
This is unbelievable!
I share his opinion.
Do you enjoy working from home?
The United States of America export wheat throughout the world.
The woman that my sister killed ought to be hung.
The tank is empty.
How much longer will the thunderstorm last?
I am buying candy and cookies.
I am calling to make an appointment with you.
Good actions are never in vain.
Humble and not imaginative, Justin only knew evil through hearsay.
This project is a gold nugget.
I am starting the year as sick as a dog.
You really have a talent for translation.
I do not even know what to say to that.
In what kind of city do you live?
This guy can do amazing things.
He draws straight lines.
The orbiting of Earth around the Sun obeys to many complicated laws of physics.
Whether he comes or not is irrelevant.
I think that she has not lied yet.
I mostly do not want to think about anything anymore.
That the politicians keep their promises.
Since I couldn't make up my mind about my future position, I got advice from my younger brother.
Maybe I should also add sentences without translations? It is a very fast way of improving the popularity of one's own language.
There are no mistakes in your essay.
People were evacuated because of the flood.
Since I am not familiar with tax, I will participate in a consulting service to receive advice.
Here is a big sign.
The child came aboard the plane in a good mood.
You arrived three days ago.
I do not know the train schedules, could you find out for me?
He comes every day to visit his sick friend.
We were proud of our strength.
There is no problem between us. So much the better!
Put the luggage somewhere.
We live far from the airport.
We ate at the restaurant for ten euros per person.
If a hen has ten chicks, how many hens does a chick have?
"Yes!", he whispered in my ear with his charming voice.
Emma is cross-eyed.
I kissed her on the mouth.
The wedding took place at the Ritz Hotel.
For me he is neither a brother nor an acquaintance.
The only way to get rid of a modern dictator is to assassinate him.
It does not matter which magazine.
"There are no cakes left?" "I ate them both..."
My mother uses my father's old short as a dust rag.
She extended her arm to grab the magazine at the top of the shelves.
You sent an email.
Now let us talk about serious matters!
It seems that Jeff knows who she is.
Let us forget this problem.
I am a naive sheep.
Is there anything to drink in the fridge?
Have you already completed this task?
At night he goes out to have a drink.
We live only from day to day.
It took me ten minutes to walk to the metro station.
Even he stopped smoking.
I will teach you a tough lesson!
Heavy clouds were suspended in the air.
Contact me tomorrow.
May I charge my cell phone somewhere around here?
It could cost you your head.
Did they write a letter?
She is discreet.
That is actually what I wanted.
The woman promised to go on a diet, to stop smoking, and to do physical exercises.
Tell me a little bit about yourself.
The children got lost in the woods.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
He was a widower, but a year after his son's wedding, he could not hold it any longer and also got married.
Tom broke up with Marie.
I took nice pictures.
He showed us a few pictures.
All the answers are correct.
Yes, it happens sometimes.
I would need some advice.
The nerves of that one!
That one's got some guts!
Open your mouth one more time and I will beat you up!
That guy's got a big mouth.
Let's try to read.
Japanese is a quantum language. It is to languages what quantum physic is to physics.
Can you help me with Japanese?
I haven't finished my breakfast yet.
Have you ever tried to think about nothing?
The snow stopped falling.
If you left now, the consequences would be devastating.
If you left now, it would have disastrous consequences.
We owe part of our success to luck.
The reasons of our failure are the following.
I will not be able to open the box without breaking it.
I would like a piece of cheese.
I do not like the house.
I am not a lion but I too can roar.
I am no longer young, but I can still bite.
I have no friends supporting me.
I have not crapped all week.
I am going to wash your mouth with soap.
This is an extremely serious matter.
Already two weeks went by and I have not seen you.
Being handsome also has its downside.
Being cute also has some inconvenients.
The apprentice is lazy.
You need sleep.
I am after him.
Cut in half.
A lot of guys ignore the laugh.
Where are the gold bars you were supposed to pull out of that bank vault with your Transmatter Ray?
This world is a mess, and I just... need to rule it.
I see you are once again afraid to do battle with your nemesis.
It's an ambush!
It was everything I hoped for.
It was everything he hoped for.
It was everything she hoped for.
Tom is too trusting.
The gun is jammed.
It's a nice party.
It was a nice party.
I'm going to put a curse on you.
"I'm going to put a curse on you", said Mary.
I know what you are thinking.
I know what she's thinking.
I know what he's thinking.
I know what they are thinking.
So, how did you like it?
So, how did he like it?
So, how did she like it?
We need to get out of here.
I don't like being told what to do.
He doesn't like being told what to do.
She doesn't like being told what to do.
We can't go back.
He made me do it.
She made me do it.
They made me do it.
They've done it before.
John has a ready tongue.
I have done it before.
She has done it before.
She's done it before.
He's done it before.
He has done it before.
That is pretty awesome!
That's pretty awesome!
I tried to help her.
I tried to help him.
Leave her alone.
No one knows the cause.
It's not right.
This game is so hard.
Tom said he had blue balls.
I'm doing this for them.
I'm doing this for her.
I'm doing this for him.
At this time, some advice would be greatly helpful.
I need some advice.
We are left with having to postpone our departure.
There are no other choices than postponing our departure.
When pimple face uses the bathroom, it takes him at least two hours!
He is a complete idiot.
He stood in front of me.
For starters, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
First, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
The clock is broken.
The clock is defective.
It could rain tonight.
Would you like to tell me something else?
Would you like to read this magazine?
Would you like another drink?
Let us go right away.
What a day!
Apparently, it's getting more difficult to find a good job.
Apparently, it's getting difficult to find a good position.
How long can a dead language survive?
I do not like any of these hats.
He is an angry drunk.
Have you ever been pregnant?
Have you ever been fat?
Is the world more twisted this morning than usual?
Why are you torturing me with that?
Why are you tormenting me with that?
I am talking about your lover. It is about him that I am talking.
This car looks pretty cool.
My painting is starting to look pretty cool.
Our apartment is starting to look pretty cool.
My mouth is numb.
It is starting to look pretty cool.
We discussed the topic at length.
I would prefer the black one, there.
I have known that for a long time.
There, here is the other clown asking for more!
This sentence is linguistically correct but that is not how we say it.
It is extraordinarily hot today.
I have no idea of what to expect.
Is that your real name?
Don't get me started.
It is completely natural for her to be mad.
She's very flexible.
He's very flexible.
I think that China will play an active role.
Is it not a bit extreme?
They're just students.
She's the love of my life.
He's the love of my life.
Where did you learn this?
Where did they learn this?
Where did he learn this?
Where did she learn this?
He's been doing this for over twenty years.
She's been doing this for over twenty years.
Please do not try this at home.
Many people worship you. Do not disappoint them.
His belly reminds me of postcards from Japan - flat and pretty.
We have to know. We will know.
He was caught red handed.
He is a quiet man.
She was caught red handed.
They danced to the sound of the music.
You should complement your nutrition with vitamins.
It's extremely dangerous.
Even though he was exhausted, he had to go back to work.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in money.
His proposal was worthless.
She owns many valuable works.
We finally meet. I have been waiting for this day for so long.
She picked the most expensive dress.
He owns many valuable paintings.
He owns a very valuable wristwatch.
He wanted the cab driver to turn left.
He blew on the tip of his fingers.
The police is trying to investigate the crime.
I think that his proposal deserves some thinking.
I am surprised to learn this.
Mathematics are the foundation of all sciences.
If you invite him, he may come.
Modern civilization is founded on science and education.
Let us try to swim against the current.
Next time it will be my turn to drive.
She was surprised to learn this.
He was surprised to learn this.
I can't collect my thoughts.
They formed a new government.
Just shut up and listen.
Do you want to come with us?
It was impossible to pull out the cork.
We must fuel the machine.
It made me forget about my problems.
They strengthened the dikes to protect the village against the flood.
Are you sure you can do this?
Are you sure he can do this?
Are you sure she can do this?
Are you sure they can do this?
What will tomorrow be? The beginning or the end?
It was nowhere to be seen.
When she came in, we were finishing the main dish.
You know I have to go.
Use the manual override.
She used the manual override.
We meant no harm.
A piano is expensive but a car even more.
He meant no harm.
She meant no harm.
He's uninsured.
She's uninsured.
I'm uninsured.
He wants more.
She wants more.
The result was disappointing.
He wanted to test his limits.
She wanted to test her limits.
I want to test my limits.
Have fun with that.
We had fun with it.
I had fun with it.
He had fun with it.
She had fun with it.
She had fun with him.
He had fun with her.
We had fun with them.
They had fun with us.
We had some good times.
Stop being so curious.
He's nervous and gets scared easily.
Today we celebrate Africa Day.
It's not a good car, but it's still a car.
I've seen this picture before.
Leave the book where it was.
I used to ride my bike to school, but now I take the bus.
He scares easily.
The Seine flows through central part of Paris Basin.
Not in there.
Not here.
I don't have it.
He kept on singing.
She doesn't drink coffee.
He doesn't drink coffee.
If only I used to socialize with people in the past, I might have turned into a different person, but, due to the inward personality I had back in the days, I'm now stuck with just few friends.
If only I had met more people in the past, today I'd be a different person. But, due to my introverted nature, I can now rely on very few friends.
When I will feel like writing a biography about myself, I will do it.
This means that you will never see a biography about me.
How much for that red hat?
I have to thank him.
I must thank him.
I used to eat like a pig.
Had I started to socialize with people in the past, maybe I would be a different person now, but, because of the shy temper I had at that time, now I really have few friends.
It would be very useful for me.
I was used to eating like a pig.
While walking down the street, I saw two white cats pissing near a car tire.
If I won a million euros, I'd probably move to another country with my mother.
The only hope is to escape.
The only solution is to escape.
I'm continuing to drink more than I should.
I had to show it to you!
Neither wine, nor opium, nor tobacco are necessary for people’s lives.
The police in Warsaw got the habit of searching people in the streets.
John got up much earlier than usual.
You’ve sworn to me, kid, — so find such a water for me, find it and bring, water my poor roots…
‘Look, there, at the large cauldrons, the fire always burns under them. At day and at night I fill them full of people’s tears from this lake and heat them, so that they dry, until I dry the whole lake, until the steam rises up to the sky!..’
Have you ever signed a contract?
Have you ever sung in Japanese?
Have you ever slaughtered a sheep?
Have you ever slept on the street?
Have you ever smelled this perfume?
Have you ever smiled at Taninna?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever sneezed in a meeting?
Have you ever snored?
Have you ever spoken in Berber?
Have you ever spun wool?
I cannot spread mustard on my bread. I don't like it.
This is the first time I've ever spread chili on bread.
Have you ever spread chocolate on your bread?
Have you ever squashed a fly with your hand?
I cannot squash flies with my book.
Have you ever started this engine?
I cannot start this engine. It's broken.
This is the first time I've ever repaired my computer by myself.
I cannot repair this refrigerator.
Have you ever repaired a TV?
Have you ever stepped on a tomato?
Have you ever slipped on a banana peel?
This is the first time I've ever slipped on a banana skin.
Have you ever squashed a tomato?
An offender escaped from a prison.
This is the first time I've ever stuck pictures in my room.
I am making noise with this drill.
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
This is the first time I've ever made noise in the middle of the night.
Have you ever made noise in the classroom?
I cannot cough. The baby is sleeping.
This is the first time I've ever coughed this much.
Who is born to be hanged will never be drowned.
My mom works in a factory.
The criminal escaped from the prison.
He is richer than anybody else in town.
They replaced coal with oil.
This has been a good day, right?
I left my watch at home.
The clock is made in Switzerland.
The gentleman best knows himself the value of his own life.
My friend never leaves the house without cigarettes.
The two brothers are still alive.
This story does not make sense!
How much time will she spend at Pierre's?
Without your help, I would fail.
This city is located in France.
I have a nosebleed.
I drank an herbal infusion.
Where God seems very close, the Devil is never far away.
This is the first time I've ever had a nosebleed in winter.
Have you ever had a nosebleed in summer?
When will Earth meet its end?
I am getting tall!
We will stay in your house for at least two hours.
The Japanese weather is milder than the English weather.
You should go to mass more often.
Do you know him personally?
He clearly lied.
The chest contained gold coins.
We'll pay for it.
She had an ashy color.
Each of us leaves life with the feeling that they were just born.
There is no TP left.
I am getting small!
I am getting big!
This picture has a very interesting history.
I am getting old!
The problem is not that they do not talk about me, the problem is that they do not talk WITH me.
I am getting fat!
I have at least five friends who can speak English.
I am getting short!
He is a member of the parish committee.
He lifted a side of the board.
I am getting strong.
The population of Osaka is larger than that of Kyoto.
I am getting weak!
Someone asked for you.
I am getting slim!
I am going grey!
This morning as I did not have any money with me, I could not buy my raisin bread, and this evening, even though I had taken money in the meantime, there was no raisin bread left at the bakery.
I am laughing at Tom.
Have you ever stuck a poster on a wall?
I was a volunteer for two afternoons.
How this author ended up on the program is a mystery to me.
You are such an idiot!
Have you ever stirred your coffee with a fork?
My brother always thinks that he has to prove himself, while in fact we love him the way he is.
It's right next door.
I open the door and I see two boys standing next to each other.
Stay out of it!
The water from the river had a color between yellow and brown.
Please forgive me!
He fixed the problem in a jiffy.
Have you ever swallowed an apricot pit?
Yesterday's vices are tomorrow's customs.
It's the first time I swallow a peach pit!
This is the first time I've ever sworn in the presence of my children.
Have you ever sworn in the presence of the teacher?
I cannot swear in the presence of my brothers. I respect them.
This singer is very popular with young people.
Truth is like the moon: you can only see one side of it.
This is the first time I've ever sworn at my car.
Have you ever sworn at a policeman?
My best friend is currently in Rome.
What makes one sad about love, it is not so much to not be loved when you love, but to still be loved when you do not love anymore.
I cannot swear at a policeman.
She rarely goes, if ever, alone to the movie theater.
Wear warm clothes or you could get sick.
Each kid had their own room.
She always knows better than the boss.
He took honey instead of sugar.
They are Canadian.
The neighbor's cat spilled its cup of milk on the floor tiles.
The lubrication system was poorly designed.
It was about time.
For me you are a good teacher.
Have you ever sweated this much?
I am going to Paris this weekend.
The battle goes on!
Have you ever swum in a lake?
Today is September first.
I cannot swim. My leg is broken.
I cannot switch the lamp on. The baby is sleeping.
Have you ever switched on all the lamps of your house?
I cannot switch off the lamp. Taninna is still studying.
This is the first time I've ever switched off the heater in winter.
Have you ever switched off the heater in winter?
Have you ever taken a rest in your car?
I cannot take a rest at the office. I don't want the manager to see me.
Have you ever taken a shower in the middle of the night?
I cannot take a shower at night.
I cannot take a vacation. I'm the boss and I'm very busy.
Have you ever taken a vacation?
This is the first time I've ever taken a picture of the Queen.
I cannot take a picture of this building. It's forbidden.
Have you ever taken a picture with Mike Tyson?
Have you ever taken part in this work?
I cannot take part in this work. I am very busy.
She required the employees to call her "Señora".
Have you ever talked to your wife in English?
I cannot talk to my workers in Chinese. Many of them don't understand this language.
Are you from England?
We took an airboat tour through the Everglades.
Be lenient!
Adam Mickiewicz’s narrative “Pan Tadeusz”, which paints the nature, customs, and manners of our Belarusian landowners of Napoleon’s times, is now (1859 year) already being translated into Russian.
A person can't be taught anything - he/she can learn only him/herself.
But what does all this have to do with Tatoeba?
Contributors from many countries, languages and cultures speak the language Esperanto in addition to their mother tongue and one or more other languages.
It has become evident that this is a very favorable factor for our project, which aims precisely at creating a network of translations in as many languages as possible in joint work.
I knew that he was reading.
I think that I should organize a little party.
I was canned.
A double espresso for here.
One hundred and twenty-five years have proven that Esperanto is more than a language.
As soon as a man is born, his path already leads to death.
Brussels is a symbol in itself.
Here they lay, the four pretty ones, on the grass or on the moss, in this charming place, at the time when the evening tiptoes in the woods.
One hundred and twenty five years have shown: Esperanto is much more than just a language.
Everything has a price, the good being more expensive than the bad.
I always look at this picture with disgust.
Great timing!
What do we call you?
Where does he work now?
She carries a positive image.
It's a co-worker.
This is a museum piece!
How does one live in a country where there is no freedom of the press?
No need to be able to fly to catch a bird.
If I knew an answer to this question, I would tell it to you.
It is uncomfortable to be sitting on this chair.
The teacher underlined the importance of daily exercises.
If the young does not learn it, the old does not know it.
They are happy with the result.
Do you love that man there?
I did not know that you could cook so well.
One should always give the impression that they can change the course of things.
Epicure used to write: "I do not fear death. When it is death, I am not, when I am, it is not death."
What became of these amounts?
I will go tomorrow morning at seven.
She is traveling now.
I stayed home because it was raining.
To whom are you speaking, prankster?
You are receiving this information letter because you have been in contact with our firm either as a client, a partner, or a prospect. If you no longer want to be on this list of recipients, please just send us an email with the subject "unregister".
I think that this fact is very serious.
It was accepted that the problem indeed existed.
It is not possible to teach something to man - he can only learn by himself.
I do not understand her.
Do not worry about that!
Is it possible to indicate a date on which a language came into life? "What a question!" you will be inclined to say. And yet such a date exists: the 26th of July, the Day of Esperanto. On this day in 1887 appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the "International Language".
On this day in 1887 appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the "International Language". Its size was modest, its motto ambitious: "For a language to be international, it is not enough simply to declare it so." The name of the author was given as "Dr. Esperanto".
After a few years in place of "The international language of Dr. Esperanto" the short name "Esperanto" came into use. Therefore on this day we celebrate all over the world the 125th anniversary of Esperanto.
Is there chicken for dinner?
Will you not lose your mind?
Fill her up with regular. I am paying cash.
The scandal was an obstacle to his career.
That one, it is in stock.
He will not do it anymore.
I eat breakfast there, most of the time.
Speaking about foreign languages, do you speak French?
She found the key to my heart.
The children caught butterflies.
I do not feel guilty.
I unfortunately drew a wrong conclusion.
A lie, told by a sensible man, remains a lie.
Politician, it is a shitty job, but strangely enough nobody ever wants to quit. Apparently, it is too much of a turn-on.
Do you prefer meat or fish?
He works the night shift.
The works of Jorge Luis Borges were translated into more than twenty-five languages.
You should not discriminate against people based on their gender.
What are you going to be using the frogs for, mister? Asked one of the boys.
Today we celebrate the 125th anniversary of Esperanto!
Specular image holds an important place in Lakan's theory of the Imaginary.
He expressed his dissatisfaction.
I am homesick.
I have spent three times as much money as you spent.
Have you ever taught Chinese to foreigners?
I cannot teach for free.
Tom teaches German to immigrants.
Dark tourism consists in getting kicks from the world's poverty and misery.
This is the first time I've ever told Taninna "I love you."
Have you ever told me the truth?
I cannot tell this to my father.
Have you ever thought about that?
I cannot think about that.
Have you ever thrown up in a bus?
Have you ever thrown stones at crows?
Have you ever tidied your room?
Have you ever folded a flag?
I am peeling apples.
I cannot peel potatoes. I don't have a knife.
This is the first time I've ever peeled potatoes.
Have you ever peeled onions?
This is the first time I've ever tidied my room.
I cannot tidy my room. I don't have time.
I cannot touch fire.
I cannot train with the military.
This is the first time I've ever trained at night.
I cannot translate this book.
I am translating an article.
Have you ever translated a book?
Have you ever trained at night?
Have you ever travelled by plane?
I cannot travel by plane.
I am travelling by plane.
"I am treating a patient", the doctor said.
This is the first time I've ever treated a wounded person.
I am trying on this dress.
Have you ever tried this coat on?
Have you ever treated children?
I am turning the sound of the radio down.
I am turning the sound of the TV on.
I am tying my laces. Wait for me!
I am tying the cow to the pole.
Have you ever understood something of what he says?
I am unmaking my bed.
Have you ever upset your mother?
I cannot understand Korean. I have never learnt it.
I cannot use a computer. There is no power.
Have you ever used a gun to kill a fly?
I am using a new computer.
Have you ever visited your sister?
I cannot visit the museum. It's too late.
I cannot walk without a stick.
Have you ever walked like a duck?
I am warming myself by the fireplace.
I am heating the dinner.
This is the first time I've ever heated the dinner.
I cannot heat the dinner. There is no gas.
Have you ever heated the dinner?
Have you ever taken your children to the beach?
This is the first time I've ever taken my children to the countryside.
I cannot take my children to the movie theater.
Have you ever warmed yourself by a fire?
This is the first time I've ever warmed myself by a fireplace.
I am washing my brother's car.
Have you ever washed your car?
I cannot wash my car. It's going to rain.
I am wasting my time.
I cannot watch this film. I don't like it.
I am watching an old film.
Have you ever watched this film?
I am watering the backyard.
Have you ever watered your backyard?
I cannot water the backyard. There is no water.
I am wearing my silver jewelry.
I cannot wear these pants. They are too tight.
This is the first time I've ever worn a white coat.
I am putting on my jacket. Wait for me.
I am weaving a Berber carpet.
I cannot weave big carpets.
This is the first time I've ever woven a carpet.
I am weighing myself.
This is the first time I've ever weighed myself this year.
I cannot weigh myself. I don't have scales.
Have you ever weighed yourself?
Mary is wetting her hair.
I am wetting my handkerchief.
I cannot wet my hair. It's cold.
This is the first time I've ever wetted my hair.
I am whistling in my house.
This is the first time I've ever whistled in the classroom.
I cannot whistle.
Have you ever whistled?
Have you ever won a prize?
I am winking at him, but he's not looking.
I am waving at her, but she's not looking.
I am wiping the shelves.
Have you ever wiped the table?
I cannot wipe the table. I don't have a cloth.
This is the first time I've ever wiped all the tables.
I am wriggling like a snake.
I am wringing my wet clothes.
Have you ever wrung sweat out of your clothes?
I cannot wring this carpet by myself.
This is the first time I've ever wrung sweat out of my clothes.
I am squeezing an orange.
I can't squeeze this orange. It's dry.
Have you ever squeezed an orange?
This is the first time I've ever squeezed an orange.
I can't write in Arabic. I don't have an Arabic keyboard.
I am writing an article.
Tom is writing a short story.
Have you ever waited under the rain?
Tom is waiting in the backyard.
This is the first time I've ever waited in the rain.
I cannot wait for the bus. It's late.
I am yawning because I feel sleepy.
I am yelling at the top of my voice!
I accept gifts.
I have never accepted a gift.
I add sentences.
I have never added sentences to Tatoeba.
One man, no man.
I address people politely.
I have never addressed Tania in Russian.
I advise customers.
I have never advised a friend.
I aim at ducks, but I don't shoot them.
I have never aimed at a bear with my rifle.
I have never alluded to marriage.
Is it true that you added a million examples to Tatoeba?
One fire drives out another.
Is it true you accepted to marry Tom?
Is it true you addressed the manager in Chinese?
Is it true you advised Taninna to sell her house?
Is it true that you aimed at an elephant and you missed it?
Is it true that you alluded to an intention to divorce Taninna?
Is it true that you annoyed Taninna?
Is it true that you argued with Taninna?
Is it true you assembled the engine by yourself?
Old birds are not caught with chaff.
I'd like to have Sex on the Beach. Please don't misunderstand me! I'm speaking about a drink.
We're excited for the Olympics!
Is it true that you can write in Chinese?
I cannot receive letters. I don't have an address.
Have you ever received letters from Marika?
This is the first time I've ever received a parcel from abroad.
Is it true that you received a present from Taninna?
Is it true that you attended a meeting with the nazis?
Translators often tend, consciously or not, to "explain" a text by making it more logical than the original.
Is it true that you authorized the driver to take the car home?
Is it true that you baked a pizza today?
Is it true that you were absent yesterday?
Is it true that you were on TV yesterday?
Is it true that you were pregnant then?
Is it true that you beat Taninna?
Is it the Pantheon in Athens or something like that?
Is it true that you were in Madrid then?
Is it true that you bit your sister?
Is it true that you boarded that plane?
I am rather happy.
The problem is that they only think about themselves.
Show me the content of your book shelves and I will tell you who you are.
I have been wanting to kiss you since the moment I saw you.
I am available the whole day, therefore I can come at whatever time is more convenient for you.
The pencil case is on the table.
Stand up when I am talking to you.
Monkeys do not complain about not having been made into men.
Some people are demonstrating against nuclear arms.
This might interest you.
I was stupid enough to believe it.
Let us try to compare his works with theirs.
The women in this film are dressed in a very conventional way.
Do I have the right to accompany you?
Smoking may lead to a slow and pleasant death.
Take your time to park correctly, I am not in a hurry.
She is around twenty years of age.
Our town does not have a corps of firemen.
What a pretty flower.
If I were rich, I would travel.
Are they now available throughout Switzerland?
Schopenhauer was a ferocious pessimist.
Let those pigs hang!
You met friends.
Prince Charles will be the next British king.
I believe that this is not a good idea.
"Go Ukraine!", screamed the fans.
For both translations, I often have to use the dictionary and I notice that there are too few scientific terms.
If he comes, give him my regards.
Law is on my side.
You work hard!
You are the one that I was looking for.
A day will be and food will be.
You're looking for a job, aren't you? Shouldn't you be out pounding the pavement?
I don't know who has the highest authority in Japanese grammar.
I cook well.
I'm good at cooking.
The school is on the hill.
Her sweater is blue.
I'm waiting for a train.
I've always played with my brother.
The population of Russia, as well as its progress in civilization, has considerably increased within these last hundred years.
By the register of 1764, it appears that the population amounted to 20,100,000.
In 1778, it was calculated to be about ten millions; and, by an enumeration made in 1787, the population was ascertained to be 10,409,879; and Boetticher, in his Statistical Accounts, states the population at 11 millions.
Monsieur D'Espilly, in the year 1772, calculated the population of France at upwards of 22 millions; namely, 10,562,631 males, and 11,451,726 females; consequently the proportion of females to males was about 14 to 13.
At the same period, in Queen Elizabeth's reign, the population of England did not exceed five millions and a half.
If you make your bed, you've got to lie in it.
You should exercise more.
The enemy has come to our country.
If you're gonna get into the Evil League of Evil, you have to have a memorable laugh.
It's a good day to be homeless.
It's a brand new day.
Gingerbread Man hanged himself.
Do not fool him.
I'm gonna shock the world!
Take the emergency exit!
Close the safe.
Cut off the gas!
Cut off the electricity.
Clear the corridor!
Put out your cigarettes.
I am injured.
Call home!
Call my husband.
Tom has a medical bracelet.
Call the fire department!
I hate infinite scrolling, because I strongly believe that users should have a right to choose if they want to load the next page or not.
It is not true that both of the parents tried hard in search of their daughter.
Hats are the secret to money.
I want her in my office.
I want you in my office.
Who are you rooting for?
You will never be alone with schizophrenia.
You'll never be alone with schizophrenia.
I believe I fell in love!
The composition has been written hurriedly, so it's probably full of errors.
Is it true that you boiled water in a paper bag?
Is it true that you borrowed a million dollars from the bank?
Is it true that you broke Taninna's computer?
Is it true that you breast-fed all your children?
Is it true that you brought your dog to the office?
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?
Is it true that you burnt your house with a cigarette?
Is it true that you bought a house in London?
Is it true that you calculated this without a calculator?
Is it true that you called Taninna in the middle of the night?
Is it true that you called the boss names?
Is it true that you caught a scorpion?
Is it true that you changed your name?
Is it true that you chewed tobacco?
Is it true that you cleaned the house by yourself?
Is it true that you cleared the garden?
Is it true that you climbed this mountain?
Is it true that you closed the shop at nine?
Is it true that you coated the wall with clay?
Is it true that you came by plane?
Is it true that you came across a bear?
Is it true that you complained to the principal?
Is it true that you connected this old computer to the Internet?
Is it true that you corrected all these sentences?
Is it true that you crossed this river by swimming?
Is it true that you cut this huge tree by yourself?
Is it true that you danced tango in that party?
Thank you for considering me for the job.
Thank you for your consideration.
I felt winded after running up the stairs.
He winded himself when he fell off the swing.
There are always so many unwanted gifts in the house after Christmas.
He is quick to voice his concerns.
He is good at voicing the concerns others are too nervous to speak up about.
The topping on the cake is her favourite bit.
He is experienced in valuing antiques.
Training for a marathon is taxing.
He was already springing into action when the director shouted 'Cut!'.
What exactly are we paying for?
What exactly am I paying for?
This smartphone uses an ARM processor.
It came as a surprise.
The number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years.
It's an ecological disaster.
I feel the same.
And we got a free pizza.
It's a chick thing.
You want to go out for a drink?
Tom is polite and sensitive.
When will you travel to Paris?
It sounds like a fun job.
The cat meant no harm.
He's too trusting.
Who did you give the house keys to?
You're too trusting.
She's too trusting.
The scientists examined dendrochronological records.
The scientists looked at tree-ring data.
She dislocated her shoulder.
He dislocated his shoulder.
I dislocated my shoulder.
Can you believe that she sold her virginity on eBay?
He seemed really nervous.
She seemed really nervous.
Have you dug up potatoes?
We are trapped in an alternative reality.
I am trapped in another dimension.
All your money won't get you off this island.
Your eyes let you see, your ears let you hear. Don't let them keep you from understanding.
Don't go further on that road.
I attempted to get up, but my body was heavy as lead.
The air mainly consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
Dim sunbeams on my eyelids, a faint tinge dyes the room.
I know. After all, the security camera grasped your silhouette yesterday.
Staying at home is not a pleasant thing.
They are boring me!
I hit him by chance.
A loved one is always smelled.
Celebrate! Tomorrow we may die!
The hunter does not lie down with the prey.
Her watch is superior in quality to mine.
Your legume is OK.
What does one call this?
Air is mainly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
In the next four years, 15 billion euro must be saved.
My tight wad husband took me to McDonald's for our anniversary.
He graduated from some rinky-dink college in Oklahoma.
It's hard to find a totally mechanical pinball machine. These days, they're all electronic.
Descartes thought that the mind and body were joined in the pineal gland.
I have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower.
The floorboards creak a bit when you walk across them.
The avalanche hurtled tons of snow down the mountain.
The handcuffed man headbutted the officer escorting him to his cell.
She's a kept woman.
Someone keyed the whole left side of my car!
He's almost always cast as a leading man.
A student's penmanship used to be graded, but the digital age has done away with that.
His health ebbed slowly away.
A lie detector works by detecting changes in pulse and respiration.
Normally, I'm a very peaceful man. But if my family is threatened, there's no telling what I'll do.
Forgive me, please, I meant well.
Good-hearted women are always beautiful, but beautiful women are not always good-hearted.
I'll leave this to your imagination.
I'm arriving at the station around one thirty-five.
Sometimes we don’t do things we want to do so that others won’t know we want to do them.
Apparently all that doesn't work perfectly yet, but the system is interesting.
You blocked me on Facebook, and now you're going to die.
Please keep it under your hat.
Most of the leaves have fallen.
Would you like to go out with me tonight?
How's the news?
He always listens to the news on the radio.
I asked him about what he did yesterday.
The plane was late because of the bad weather.
My father forgets everything.
We began to understand more.
What he's saying doesn't mean anything.
I really want to see this movie with her.
He has worked in France his whole life.
What's the capital of the United States?
Everything's done.
Is perfection boring?
Your cooking is delicious.
I'm truly grateful!
You're right, I'm sorry.
People chose to learn Esperanto, they are not forced into it.
I'd like to say "goodbye" and "thank you" in Esperanto. Can you help me out?
Eat this up.
How do you travel to work?
How do you get to work?
In February, I was in Sao Paulo.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
Certain teachers do not understand this problem.
At the moment the patient is out of danger.
He often reads contemporary authors.
What types of sandwiches do you have?
Ecstasy is the upper system's drug.
I will not unload the car because other workers have to do that.
I won't unload the car because that's somebody else's job.
Ask whether Russians have already flown in.
Ask whether the Russians have already flown in.
You either go with me, or with him.
I know neither this man, nor this woman.
How can I speak to a man I have not yet known ?
John is more qualified than Peter.
I wish you a good trip!
Bill is not as tall as you.
Back up!
I very rarely eat meat.
I phone him every day.
It's been a while. How are you?
I will study English at home.
I'm studying English at home.
He is really competitive when it comes to football.
Could you please speak more quietly? I feel hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I am feeling hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I am hungover.
I do it because I like to do it.
My sister has given me an iPhone, but I do not know how to use it.
According to climatologists, from tomorrow on the weather will be very hot.
There were many students in the room.
Two little squirrels, a white one and a black one, lived in a large forest.
He may have been right.
She may have been right.
Everybody I meet I say hello to him.
Thank you for the dinner, it's so delicious.
Wash your hands and then eat.
Drink if you're thirsty and eat if you're hungry.
I have a rottweiler.
He's overconfident.
She's overconfident.
It's far too small.
This house is far too small.
This house is too big for us.
It's not fake.
He missed the deadline.
She missed the deadline.
They missed the deadline.
We missed the deadline.
This statue is made of marble.
The villagers are dancing around the Maypole.
He's in a state of shock.
She's in a state of shock.
The Mont Blanc is the tallest mountain in Europe.
Can he do it?
Can she do it?
She broke the world record.
The girls are playing beach volleyball.
She plays beach volleyball.
He plays beach volleyball.
Tom is watching beach volleyball.
The boys are playing beach volleyball.
This is one of the basic rules.
It's a time-honored tradition.
She's a nymphomaniac.
It's not without risks.
He wants to be more independent.
She wants to be more independent.
It can be confusing at first.
When are you going back to your own country?
He was scared to admit that he didn't know.
She was scared to admit that she didn't know.
He promised not to say it.
He broke two ribs and punctured his lung.
He doesn't take vacations.
It's business as usual.
This is how it is.
The investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong.
Hello, I am new to Tatoeba.
I'm stuck in a traffic jam.
He's very skeptical.
She's very skeptical.
He's away on vacation.
She's away on vacation.
He lost everything.
She lost everything.
They lost everything.
It's a boys' club.
Girls aren't welcome.
Girls are not welcome.
Boys aren't welcome.
Boys are not welcome.
Tom is an investment banker.
He has a small advantage.
She has a small advantage.
What a mess!
It started a chain reaction.
Let's hope he's all right.
Let's hope she's all right.
The only way is up.
This is highly inefficient.
Tom is generous and kind.
Nobody moves!
Nobody asked.
You must think this is funny.
They should have the right to decide for themselves.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
She should have the right to decide for herself.
He's in pain.
She's in pain.
I don't give a rat's ass.
Tom has a fascination with Japanese food.
She has a fascination with French food.
He would not approve.
She would not approve.
What can be done?
The tactic worked.
He's tough on crime.
She says that she's tough on crime.
We have to go.
Tom resigned the next day.
Law doesn't protect the fools.
This law is paternalistic.
I did it out of curiosity.
There is nothing to be angry about.
I'm not sure why.
Who's in charge?
That's his weak spot.
It's totally normal.
Yesterday we prepared some delicious fish in a new microwave.
A third of this country's inhabitants is illiterate.
So, two times to the right, right?
From here we see the city.
Would you have the same thing?
The mass is over.
The sun is blinding.
The field of my research specialty is sociology.
I love to eat cakes.
I am against working on Sundays.
About distant relatives, one can complain to their heart's content.
Don't be so formal, please!
He learned it the hard way.
She learned it the hard way.
We're having a blast.
It goes without saying that he is a superb pianist.
It is not necessary to say that she is an excellent pianist.
It is enjoyable to play tennis.
That's why you're the best.
I went twice to Beijing and once to Shanghai.
You're so rude!
I don't work on either Saturday or Sunday.
Véronique loves bouquets of flowers.
Seen from space, Earth seems relatively small.
She held her two hands on her ears to not hear the noise.
You've got it coming!
Picasso is considered the greatest painter of the twentieth century.
From a small acorn grows a tall oak tree.
The stock collapsed overnight.
The bakery is located next to the butcher shop.
Once thawed, do not freeze again and use right away. Cook well.
The rain just stopped. We can leave.
Yes, I will come with you.
A cold wind was blowing on his face.
He knows his job.
Are you coming to my party?
See you at seven tomorrow.
Mistakes like these, you make them often.
He invested two hundred dollars in a promising business.
At this time, I am reading an action novel.
We will be back tonight.
Each can decide freely.
This word is not found in the list.
He wrote three books in three years.
He let me work in his office.
In what month were you born?
This is unbearable.
Why do you want to be introduced to him?
If I had to do it again, I would!
He speaks in his sleep.
My botched sentence must be the stillborn child of an aborted copy and paste.
If I were you, I would not do it.
We want to invest in profitable projects for future generations.
There are plenty of rocks.
We do not accept tips.
I think that you are twenty years old.
The dog runs out of the house.
The fraud goes on.
This is me, I'm eating a banana.
I'm eating a banana.
It isn't moralism.
It is not moralism.
It's not moralism.
Reveal your secret!
How do you get your children out of bed and off to play?
I have got two telephones: one is a mobile phone, another is a landline.
May God protect you from those who hate you!
May God bless the country I was born in !
My country is situated in North Africa, south of the Mediterranean Sea.
Turkish warships intercepted a Greek boat which was suspected to carry illegal immigrants
Stop reading.
Man is the only animal that writes books.
Can you show me the way to a bus stop, please?
What's the name of this town?
Where does this road lead, please?
That blonde girl with curly hair is from Sweden.
A washing machine is a must for a house.
It would have been better if you came yesterday so that many people would see you!
I wish all people loved peace!
He began to look for work.
This word has been in my notebook for a long time.
I wish this man would not die before his children grow up!
There is no need to talk about it.
This is another story.
I do not have any more time.
Smoking can kill.
Unfortunately, she lives abroad.
This is not a tiger.
I have been selected to participate in this program.
North Americans are more conservative in terms of sexual morality than Europeans.
You're not dogs.
Give my regards to your mother!
Answer the question!
He has no interest whatsoever in money.
It has been snowing for two days.
The nurses look after the patient day and night.
What is he looking for?
Thanks for your invitation to the party.
Could you please gift-wrap it please?
There was a watermill under the dam.
Mary does not have anyone to talk to, but she does not feel lonely.
I stopped buying newspapers in paper form a few years ago already; I only read them in electronic format.
If I had known that you were sick, I would have visited you at the hospital.
I am going to that place.
For dinner, we went back to my place.
Our company selected this office suite.
How did they meet? By chance, like everyone else.
"What were their names?" "Why do you care?"
Where were they going? Do we know where we are going?
The neighbors sent their kid on a linguistic trip to Ireland this summer.
This forum is great.
I am expecting some serious work from you.
She is much taller than me.
He is the head of the sales department.
This theory is scientifically controversial.
It is not appropriate for you to do this.
Cows have horns.
Cows have udders.
A cow has a long tail.
A cow chases away flies with its tail.
A truth that's told with bad intent, beats all the lies you can invent.
I can teach you a thing or two.
I can teach you how to sing.
I can teach you how to write.
I can teach you how to read.
I can teach you how to fly.
I can teach you how to bewitch men.
I can teach you how to pray.
I can teach you how to steal.
I can teach you how to fool people.
I can teach you how to translate.
I can teach you how to worship God.
I can teach you how to swim.
I can teach you how to repair your car.
I can teach you how to repair a computer.
I can teach you how to dance.
I can teach you how to hunt.
I can teach you how to fish.
I can teach you how to do this.
I can teach you how to cook.
I can teach you how to love children.
I can teach you how to show your love.
I can teach you something.
I can teach you things.
I can teach you how to sell.
I can teach you how to shoot.
I can teach you how to fight.
I can teach you how to argue.
I can teach you how to play.
I can teach you my language.
I can teach you guitar.
I can teach you how to bake a pizza.
This is the last time I'll accept a gift.
It's the last time I add a sentence to Tatoeba.
This is the last time I'll address Marika in French.
This is the last time I'll advise Taninna.
This is the last time I'll annoy the teacher.
This is the last time I'll apply this ointment on my skin.
This is the last time I'll argue with my sister.
It's the last time I ask Tom a question.
This is the first time I've ever attended these kind of meetings.
This is the first time I've ever authorized my workers to leave early.
This is the last time I'll allow the maid to drive my car.
This game is great!
This game is spectacular!
I've cut myself.
I've burnt myself.
My wallet has been stolen.
My purse has been stolen.
My handbag has been stolen.
My laptop has been stolen.
My car has been broken into.
I've been mugged.
I've been attacked.
The building is on fire.
The building's on fire.
The door opened and a man came in.
Are there other Berbers contributing to Tatoeba?
Can Tatoeba contribute to the saving of endangered languages?
Can Tatoeba help minority languages?
Can Tatoeba help students who learn foreign languages?
Can Tatoeba help you to learn foreign languages?
Does Tatoeba really help translators?
Do translators use Tatoeba?
Do you have friends on Tatoeba?
Do you love Tatoeba?
Do you love Tatoeba more than you love me?
Do you show Tatoeba to your friends?
Do you use Tatoeba when you translate?
How can Tatoeba help you in translation?
How many meaningful sentences can Tatoeba contain?
How many people contribute to Tatoeba?
How did you learn about the Tatoeba Project?
When did you see Tatoeba for the first time?
Ah, Alsace! It is usually known for the beauty of its half-timbered houses, its renowned gastronomy and its famous Christmas markets. However, it is also a cultural crossroads in the heart of Europe. It links France, Switzerland and Germany through an incredible diversity of landscapes where, flanked by mountains and the banks of the Rhine, open-air activities abound.
I found Tatoeba on Google and by accident.
How many visitors does Tatoeba have?
If you love Tatoeba, then marry it!
I'm not your wife anymore. Your wife is Tatoeba!
I see you visit a website called Tatoeba. What is it about?
Is Tatoeba like Facebook?
Is Tatoeba good?
Tatoeba is easy to use.
Tatoeba is not my wife. You are my wife!
Tell me about Tatoeba.
The manager knows that you always visit Tatoeba.
There are not many Berbers contributing to Tatoeba.
I wish there were many Berbers who contribute to Tatoeba.
What happened to Tatoeba?
What is Tatoeba?
Who are your friends on Tatoeba?
Who can add sentences to Tatoeba?
Who else uses Tatoeba in your office?
Who is your wife, me or Tatoeba?
Who uses Tatoeba?
Why do you always talk about Tatoeba?
Why do you spend most of your spare time with Tatoeba?
You have become a Tatoeba-addict.
You prefer to spend more time with Tatoeba than with me.
The house remained closed ever since.
Tom remained in England ever since.
They're also too good.
They are also too good.
I jog almost every day.
I buy milk almost every day.
I write letters almost every day.
I translate articles almost every day.
Sekkura is a qualified chef.
I speak Chinese almost every day.
I learn Esperanto almost every day.
My friend invited me to dinner at the restaurant.
I read jokes almost every day.
I tell stories almost every day.
I mop my house almost every day.
I wash my car almost every day.
I love Kabyle food.
I watch movies almost every day.
I play soccer almost every day.
Have a nice meal!
I revise my lessons almost every day.
I play guitar almost every day.
There are in my garden a lot of vegetables: lettuce, onion, garlic, etc.
I add sentences to Tatoeba almost every day.
I can not even cook an omelet.
Please make a cross in the appropriate box.
I visit Tatoeba almost every day.
The enemy attack ended at dawn.
I dream about Marika almost every day.
Hospitals request that the patients provide important details about family history, allergies, and their present condition.
I drink milk almost every day.
There is a plan of treatment at the end of the included leaflet.
I eat meat almost every day.
One does not simply walk into North Korea.
Go play on the highway, kids!
I fish almost every day.
I draw almost every day.
I sneeze almost every day.
I cry almost every day.
My mouth is dry.
I hunt almost every day.
Where's the nearest doctor?
I drive almost every day.
I go to the beach almost every day.
I call Marika almost every day.
I help Taninna almost every day.
What a cuss word!
I teach English almost every day.
I use Google almost every day.
I bake cakes almost every day.
I change my password almost every day.
The black cat purred, as if he was being petted.
I travel almost every day.
I dive almost every day.
I fight almost every day.
I wish all people had loved peace.
I argue almost every day.
I wish all people loved peace.
I have a nap almost every day.
I see Marika almost every day.
I wish all people would love peace.
I have lunch with the manager almost every day.
I have dinner with Taninna almost every day.
I repair computers almost every day.
I take the subway almost every day.
I cook almost every day.
I iron my clothes almost every day.
I clean my room almost every day.
I contribute to this forum almost every day.
I exercise almost every day.
I train almost every day.
I go to sleep at ten almost every day.
Tell her that I am in France.
Tell her that I am sick.
Tell her that I am busy.
Tell her that I am tired.
May I take a pen?
May I write on this sheet of paper?
May I open the door?
May I close the window?
You have to do it.
May I switch off the light?
May I switch on the light?
May I turn off the TV?
Where's the nearest hospital?
What is the telephone number of the ambulance?
This is ludicrous.
I may be wrong.
I am not going out because I have to revise.
I enjoy it more each time.
I am not going out because I have to finish the reading of this book.
What does the future hold?
I go shopping almost every day.
It's a cautionary tale.
I peg up the washing almost every day.
I am not going out because I have to mop my room.
I am not going out because I have to clean the house.
I am not going out because I have to tidy my room.
I make my bed almost every day.
I smoke almost every day.
I connect to the Internet almost every day.
She has started acting strangely.
He has started acting strangely.
I tidy my room almost every day.
The cat has started acting strangely.
The car has been acting strangely.
It took me several hours to prepare it.
It took me several hours to paint that room.
Tom got into a fight with the people who were staring at him.
It took me several hours to repair it.
It took me several hours to program it.
It took me several hours to reprogram it.
It took me several hours to wash it.
It took me several hours to clean it.
It took me several hours to sew it.
I recognize that pool!
It took me several hours to mend it.
Maybe you dreamed of it!
A visit to the city centre, listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is a must.
He's playing a tower defense game.
She's playing Tetris.
How self-important you are!
How stand-offish you are!
It took me several hours to translate it.
He's playing Tetris.
It took me several hours to find it.
I take a shower almost every day.
I shave almost every day.
Good luck convincing him.
Good luck convincing her.
I give charity almost every day.
I pray for Tom almost every day.
I practice sport almost every day.
I sing almost every day.
I won't see that gong anymore.
I send letters almost every day.
I check my mailbox almost every day.
Can you guess who I'm talking about?
It took me several hours to open it.
It took me several hours to decypher it.
It took me several hours to cook it.
It took me several hours to read it.
It took me several hours to assemble it.
It took me several hours to finish it.
Strasbourg is also an ideal starting point for excursions across the Rhine, to châteaux nestling in the heart of vineyards, villages perching on the mountainside between lakes and forests, and other delights.
I've never done it like that before.
Tom has strong hands.
You'll go far.
Tom hates everybody.
He moved out of his parents' place.
She moved out of her parents' place.
He's a construction worker.
She's a construction worker.
It's rather unique.
This sounds familiar.
Tom wore a silk shirt.
Mary wore a silk blouse.
He's mad at everyone.
She's mad at everyone.
I'm not going to dissuade you from going up that mountain. Just watch out for the yetis.
He drinks himself unconscious every night.
She drinks herself unconscious every night.
He's a slacker.
She's a slacker.
He gave me a ride home.
She gave me a ride home.
They had a heated argument.
Put your hands in the air.
There he is.
There she is.
We're on our way.
He took a protein shake.
She took a protein shake.
I never suspected anything.
She complained that the picture was too revealing.
She gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
He gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
He doesn't show his true feelings.
She doesn't show her true feelings.
Money isn't everything.
He hired a private investigator.
She hired a private investigator.
He lives paycheck to paycheck.
She lives paycheck to paycheck.
I'm watching you.
He's watching me.
She's watching me.
That's a big one.
He's right here.
She's right here.
I went to bed after I came home.
She doesn't know how to tell the difference between good and evil.
That system is clearly better than the current one.
What a beautiful field!
He often writes letters to his parents.
He's their only child.
"Do you want to leave a message?" "No, thanks."
At least they listened to me.
What are you trying to hide?
Don't tell your mother.
Don't tell your dad.
If I ever had the money, I'd buy a gigantic plot of land.
My parents don't know.
I think I've been here before.
The same word can mean different things to different people: "headshot" doesn't mean the same thing to actors and video game players.
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
You always repeat the same thing.
The suspects will face charges for importing and possessing drugs in a Sydney court.
Tom is like his father.
Noriko is like her mother.
Bulgarian is like Russian.
I am like my brother.
I am like my sister.
I am like my mother.
I am like my father.
I am like you.
I am like him.
I am like her.
I am like them.
Deal with it!
An Englishman, a Scotsman, an Irishman, a Welshman, a Gurkha, a Latvian, a Turk, an Aussie, a German, an American, an Egyptian, a Japanese, a Mexican, a Spaniard, a Russian, a Pole, a Lithuanian, a Jordanian, a Kiwi, a Swede, a Finn, an Israeli, a Romanian, a Bulgarian, a Serb, a Swiss, a Greek, a Singaporean, an Italian, a Norwegian, an Argentinian, a Libyan and a South African went to a night club. The bouncer said: "Sorry, I can't let you in without a Thai."
Two years ago, the idea of offering a research semester for particularly interested and committed teachers became reality. The aim is to improve communication between schools and universities. Since teachers are the best people for diffusing newly acquired knowledge, they will be given the opportunity to spend a research sabbatical at a university and to subsequently integrate this knowledge into classroom teaching.
The room wasn't tidied by Rosa.
The car wasn't washed by Tom.
Tell her that I am taking a bath.
Tell her that I am talking on the phone.
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.
Tell her that I am taking a shower.
Tell her that I am combing my hair.
Tell her that I am having dinner.
Tell her that I am writing a letter.
Tell her that I am dyeing my hair.
Tell her that I am eating.
Tell her that I am sleeping.
Tell her that I am watching the news.
Tell her that I am driving.
Tell her that I am coming.
Tell her that I am repairing the refrigerator.
Tell her that I am sewing.
Tell her that I am praying.
Tell her that I am training.
Tell her that I am helping Taninna with her homework.
Tell her that I am treating a patient.
Tell her that I am dressing.
Tell her that I am shaving.
Tell her that I am listening to music.
Tell her that I am breast-feeding my baby.
Tell her that I am washing the car.
Tell her that I am mopping the kitchen.
Tell her that I am pegging up the washing.
Tell her that I am heating up the car.
Tell her that I know who she is.
Tell her that I am carding the wool.
Tell her that I am reading the newspaper.
Tell her that I am ironing my clothes.
Tell her that I am pruning the trees.
Tell her that I am clearing the garden.
Tell her that I am peeling the potatoes.
Tell her that I am drinking juice.
Tell her that I am thinking about a solution.
Tell her that I am looking for the keys.
Tell her that I am waiting for her.
Tell her that I am in a taxi.
Tell her that I am basking in the sun.
Tell her that I am doing shopping.
Tell her that I am playing with the kids.
Tell her that I am swimming.
Tell her that I am having a nap.
Tell her that I am cutting the meat.
Tell her that I am fishing.
Tell her that I am learning driving.
Tell her that I am fed up of her lies.
Tell her that I am sated.
Tell her that I am hungry.
Tell her that I am thirsty.
Tell her that I am exhausted.
Tell her that I am angry.
Tell her that I am angry with her.
Tell her that I am proud of her.
Tell her that I am preparing dinner.
Tell her that I am joking.
Tell her that I am just joking.
Tell her that I am joking with her.
Tell her that I am just joking with her.
I spend time on Facebook almost every day.
I hear cicadas almost every day.
I talk to the manager almost every day.
I wear sunglasses almost every day.
I ride my horse almost every day.
I bring my children to the park almost every day.
I take my children to the beach almost every day.
Don't let him go out.
Don't let him leave.
Don't let him go.
Don't let him eat it.
Don't let him eat the bread.
Don't let him move.
Don't let him move the table.
Don't let him move it.
Don't let him take it.
Don't let him take the car.
Don't let him close it.
Don't let him close the door.
Don't let him touch the computer.
I wet my hair almost every day.
I sweep the yard almost every day.
Don't let him hit you.
Don't let him hit his sister.
Don't let him open the door.
Don't let him play with your phone.
Don't let him run.
Don't let him bite you.
Don't let him break glasses.
Don't let him follow me.
Don't let him watch this film.
Don't let him play piano.
Don't let him sleep.
Don't let him say anything.
Don't let him climb on the bed.
Don't let him put his feet on the table.
Don't let him take his shoes off.
Don't let him scream.
Don't let him sit there.
Don't let him stay there.
Don't let him read this.
Don't let him tear this picture.
Don't let him keep this picture.
Don't let him use this phone.
Don't let him drink this juice.
Don't let him damage the TV.
Don't let him listen to this music.
Don't let him associate with this kind of people.
Don't let him hang around with this kind of boys.
Don't let him lie on the floor.
Don't let him answer the phone.
Don't let him have a rest.
Don't let him talk to her.
Don't let him talk to Taninna.
Don't let him call her.
Don't let him call Taninna.
Don't let him take pictures.
Don't let him whistle.
Whose glasses are these?
"Whose glasses are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose shoes are these?" "They are my brother's."
"Whose socks are these?" "They are my sister's."
"Whose rings are these?" "They are my mother's."
"Whose jewels are these?" "They are Taninna's."
"Whose children are these?" "They are Marika's."
"Whose keys are these?" "They are Mary's."
"Whose earrings are these?" "They are Tania's."
"Whose teeth are these?" "They are my grandfather's."
Don't let him press this button.
Don't let him switch off the light.
Don't let him lick you.
Don't let him claw you.
Don't let him switch on the lamp.
It took me several hours to fold all the clothes.
It took me several hours to iron all your shirts.
It took me several hours to correct it.
It took me several hours to draw it.
"Whose dresses are these?" "They are Nabila's."
"Whose pants are these?" "They are Ken's."
"Whose pens are these?" "They are Tom's."
"Whose brushes are these?" "They are Picasso's."
"Whose pictures are these?" "They are Marika's."
"Whose sunglasses are these?" "They are Nabil's."
"Whose gloves are these?" "They are Lisa's."
"Whose pencils are these?" "They are Walt Disney's."
"Whose ears are these?" "They are Mickey Mouse's."
"Whose clothes are these?" "They are Mark's."
"Whose tools are these?" "They are my uncle's."
"Whose bags are these?" "They are my aunt's."
"Whose cakes are these?" "They are Farida's."
"Whose sentences are these?" "They are Amastan's."
"Whose soldiers are these?" "They are Alaxander the Great's."
"Whose medicines are these?" "They are Fahima's."
The meaning of this practice was obfuscated by centuries of the practitioners' subjective interpretations.
"Whose CD's are these?" "They are Samir's."
"Whose examples are these?" "They are Meryem's."
"Whose needles are these?" "They are Nadya's."
"Whose earphones are these?" "They are Fatima's."
"Whose cows are these?" "They are my grandmother's."
"Whose sheep are these?" "They are mine."
"Whose goats are these?" "They are Yamina's."
"Whose notebooks are these?" "They are Karim's."
"Whose newspapers are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose magazines are these?" "They are the doctor's."
"Whose knives are these?" "They are the butcher's."
"Whose screwdrivers are these?" "They are the repairman's."
"Whose boots are these?" "They are Lidya's."
"Whose letters are these?" "They are Linda's."
"Whose comments are these?" "They are Sysko's."
"Whose bracelets are these?" "They are Majda's."
"Whose cards are these?" "They are Fahima's."
"Whose pillows are these?" "They are Kenza's."
"Whose dogs are these?" "They are my neighbor's."
"Whose camels are these?" "They are Musa's."
"Whose documents are these?" "They are Michael's."
"Whose cats are these?" "They are Fatima's."
Samir hasn't finished yet.
Fahima hasn't finished yet.
Linda hasn't arrived yet.
Yanis hasn't arrived yet.
Kamal hasn't read the book yet.
Karima hasn't read the letter yet.
Lidya hasn't checked her mailbox yet.
There is nothing more interesting than languages.
Michael hasn't checked the doors yet.
Did you read them?
I know that you are vegetarians.
Give me a final answer.
I met a friend in town, and I drank a cup of coffee with her in a café.
He greeted his parents.
Last night, we celebrated a friend's birthday with cases of Champagne, we ended up completely wasted.
May I ask what you are working on now?
The Pope Benedict the 16th arrived in Germany on an official visit.
Why do you not answer?
What to make of it?
Would you help me if I moved?
The rioters threw cobblestones.
I do not believe in magic spells.
How many months along are you in your pregnancy?
It seems to me that she is almost fifteen years old.
How do we have to proceed in this case?
I don't want to meet her.
Truth or lie? It depends on the advertising.
I really enjoy your accurate questions.
You can only smoke on the patio.
Good night, dear friend!
They worshiped him as a hero.
For us too one day the sun will shine.
It is very short.
The story in published in all the newspapers.
Do you accept the explanation?
The restrooms in this hotel are first class!
The young wives of old husbands have the habit of thinking early on about choosing the one who will wipe their widow tears.
Nobody is interested in knowing what are your favorite sexual positions.
She pressed her nose against the glass.
Put the teapot on the burner, otherwise the tea will be cold.
That is my opinion.
You cannot walk the streets in such a strange outfit.
Hell! My network link is down.
I would like to go to Austria to study music.
The sales of this model took off.
Less words, more action.
The young ones wasted their money on drinks.
What kind of behavior would you generally consider as typically male?
I come as soon as I can.
I have an erection.
He feeds his rabbits three times a day: morning, noon and evening.
May I visit an art gallery?
Do you still remember them? Do you remember the happy days?
We already bought stamps on Monday.
Today I was coming to work by car.
His knowledge of Russian can, to be polite, still be improved.
One cannot make dogs out of cats.
Is there still something to add to his explanation?
It was my turn to straighten up the room.
She is as thin as a broom stick.
Yesterday, it was hot.
There is a lot of work at this time.
I thank you for your cooperation.
My body is painful, my head hurts, I have been affected in different ways.
You have not seen him.
You have not seen her.
You have not seen it.
What the woman wants, God wants!
He speaks as if he had really studied abroad.
Why do you see within?
The soccer ball is round.
A dog meets a crocodile. The crocodile says to the dog "Hello, fleabag!" The dog responds "Hello, handbag!"
I have to confess to you that I snore.
Why don't men hibernate?
This scarf is Jacqueline's.
Someone stained my invoice.
I really miss you a lot.
What a pain, why does he have to vacuum in the middle of the night!
I dreamed that I was buying this guitar.
He went abroad last year.
Remember it.
Smoking is really bad for your health.
Brush your teeth correctly before going to bed.
This river is the widest in Europe.
It's certain.
I'm ready for a vacation.
Why does nobody want it?
Madness has no more limits!
Tom hasn't revised his lessons yet.
Mary hasn't revised her lessons yet.
Mary hasn't cooked the dinner yet.
Mary hasn't prepared the table yet.
Tom hasn't eaten yet.
Mary hasn't eaten yet.
Tom hasn't called the police yet.
Mary hasn't called the fire department yet.
Tom hasn't had his dinner yet.
Mary hasn't had her dinner yet.
Tom hasn't had his lunch yet.
Mary hasn't had her lunch yet.
Tom hasn't cooked the eggs yet.
Tom hasn't fried the fish yet.
Mary hasn't fried the meat yet.
Tom hasn't grilled the fish yet.
Mary hasn't grilled the meat yet.
Tom hasn't painted his house yet.
Mary hasn't painted her room yet.
Tom hasn't listened to the song yet.
Mary hasn't listened to the speech yet.
Tom hasn't seen the video yet.
Mary hasn't seen the picture yet.
Tom hasn't heated up his car yet.
Mary hasn't heated up her Mercedes yet.
Tom hasn't talked to the manager yet.
Mary hasn't talked to her mother yet.
Tom hasn't paid the fine yet.
Mary hasn't paid the invoice yet.
Tom hasn't opened his store yet.
Mary hasn't opened her book yet.
Tom hasn't bought bread yet.
Mary hasn't bought milk yet.
Tom hasn't sent the letter yet.
Mary hasn't sent the parcel yet.
Tom hasn't cut the tree yet.
Mary hasn't cut the meat yet.
Tom hasn't watched TV yet.
Maria hasn't watched the news yet.
Tom hasn't connected to the Internet yet.
Mary hasn't connected her phone to the Internet yet.
Tom hasn't translated the article yet.
Mary hasn't translated the book yet.
Tom hasn't prepared the parcel yet.
Mary hasn't received the flowers yet.
He abandoned his purpose.
Tom hasn't watered the garden yet.
Mary hasn't watered her flowers yet.
Did you read all of it?
Did you read it entirely?
I do not know if it is love.
And did you know it, smart ass?
Many people easily understand the injustice of the current language situation in the world where English dominates. But they also see the collective advantages, as for example a relatively good and direct communication between intellectuals and leaders of different languages through the English language, and the personal advantages as their own knowledge of the English language. About a neutral language such as Esperanto, one does not know much and does not seek information.
You have to begin as soon as possible.
Does everybody want it?
A computer is for brain like a bike for legs.
I think none of these students will go on to the next grade.
I'm afraid I'll get sick if I drink cold water.
How much does she spend per month?
What do you think of this work?
Son of a bitch!
If I had to choose between those two books, I would choose the one with the yellow cover.
Asshole!
I haven't seen this spooky enemy before!
Does love exist?
We are never as vulnerable as when we love.
I would like to go and get my stuff.
You have a noodle on your nose.
The signature of the armistice put an end to years of bloody conflicts, heavy in human and material losses.
It is a great pity not to have enough wits to speak well, nor enough judgment to be quiet.
I'm from the city.
You must be in good physical condition.
He's in good physical condition.
She's in good physical condition.
How old are the kids?
How old are your kids?
The air is damp.
I am not on call tomorrow.
It blew my mind.
There was a strong wind on that day.
He hung on to his job.
They were surprised by what they saw.
We learned English.
Pleasure is not bad in itself, but certain pleasures bring more pain than pleasure.
It is not funny!
Gasoline is more flammable than fuel oil.
When the snow melts, it becomes water.
In the country of the Tuaregs, people drink camel milk.
She knits a wool sweater.
The water coming from Djurdjura springs are clean.
I will manage my life and my thoughts as if the entire world had to be the witness of one and could read into the others.
I almost passed out.
Is the product in the ad already out of stock?
The plan is not yet finalized.
When water cools, it can become snow or ice.
It is a lot easier for a philosopher to explain a new concept to another philosopher than to a child. Why? Because the child asks the true questions.
The idea to propose computer-based training to salaried employees is maturing in businesses.
Give the television remote control back to me.
He lied, without hesitation.
Excuse me, but I can barely hear you.
Even though I looked for it, I did not find it.
He sacrificed his own life to save them.
I can no longer find the Vivendi file.
On the radio, they said that it was going to be cold.
She was asking me if I was able to write.
If you churn goat milk, you'll get sour milk and butter.
Time waits for no one.
Money cannot give talent, and sometimes it can prevent to reach it.
Wait!
As for the new project, I disagree with you.
I was forced to do it.
I will sleep at my aunt's.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
He owns a dishwasher.
I have a little fever.
That will cost thirty euros.
The doors opens to the bathroom.
Yes, it is nice, but I do not like the red color very much.
When a medical doctor follows the coffin of a patient, it is in fact sometimes the cause that follows the effect.
Can you wait a little while?
He will end up in jail.
How much time do you intend to stay in Oxford?
In this picture, there are four persons: my father, my mother, my brother and my sister.
My sister's son is our nephew.
Who marries my daughter will become my son-in-law.
My children are twins.
This is my grandmother.
This exam is very easy.
Tassaadit is an intelligent student.
Mezian is writing a sentence on the whiteboard.
Idir is reading a Tamazight book.
Do you have a library in your school?
Which language do you teach?
How many pupils do you teach ?
I am a teacher of English.
I am a teacher in the secondary school.
Our pupils eat at the school restaurant.
Why do you use this font?
Why don't you write with the new font?
Now, I write with the new font.
What do you think about that?
I like to use the new font lately.
It's hot today. The temperature is up to 45° C.
How is the climate in your country?
It snowed much last winter.
In winter, when there is moonlight, there is ice.
Last winter, it was so cold that water froze in the wells.
Last winter, it snowed a lot.
How is the weather in your country?
Today is very hot; it is 45 °C in the shade.
In times of drought, there is lack of water in our villages.
I have to wash the dishes.
I have to peg up the washing.
I have to reply to this letter.
I have to open my shop.
I have to read this article.
I have to check my mailbox.
I have to breast-feed my baby.
I have to eat my lunch.
I have to watch this documentary.
I have to buy this medicine.
I have to change my clothes.
I have to take off my socks.
I have to exercise.
I have to send these letters.
I have to wear boots.
I have to drink this medicine.
I have to sell my house.
I have to run away.
I have to ask him a question.
I have to borrow some money.
I have to win.
Don't let him fall.
Don't let him get away.
Don't let him swim.
Don't let him approach.
I have to take my son to the doctor.
I have to correct this article.
I have to climb this mountain.
I have to peel the apples.
I have to work.
I have to go to hospital.
I have to visit Tom.
I have to dismiss Ken.
Dayxa is my wife's sister.
Sekkura is our married woman who visits us every Eid.
Mohand is my half brother.
I have to take a rest.
I have to leave the car here.
I have to understand the meaning of this sentence.
I have to park my car here.
I have to call my father.
I have to close the windows.
I have to hide.
I have to hide this bag.
I have to answer the phone.
I have to cut the wood.
I have to fell this tree.
I have to help Mary.
I have to receive treatment.
I have to shake hands with the President.
I have to pay the bill.
I have to know the teacher's name.
I have to try.
I have to try on this dress.
I have to clear the garden.
Give me five!
I like walking on dusty and rocky trails.
In spring, flowers grow and trees bloom.
I have to plant trees in the garden.
I have to water the flowers.
I have to use the dictionary.
I have to repair the refrigerator.
I have to take the dog away from the children.
She's cute, and more importantly, has class.
I have to teach Mary English.
I have to massage my knees.
I have to book a hotel room.
I have to give this book to Mary.
In our Mediterranean forest, there are lots of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, etc..
I have to comment on this article.
Why do I have to work overtime?
I have to look for my friends.
I have to jump off here.
I have to pass this exam.
I have to attend this class.
I have to fix the washing machine.
I have to solve this problem.
We mustn't burn our forest, because it is the source of the oxygen we breathe.
I am sorry, I've got to go.
On the right, there is a field of barley; while on the left, there is a field of wheat.
What time is it please?
I have read your book. It's very interesting.
Austria is a parliamentary republic in central Europe and consists of nine federal states.
Several flights were delayed due to an earthquake.
I have to smoke a cigarette.
I have to go back.
He dedicated his life to medicine.
I have to tighten these bolts.
I have to lock this door.
That was not my intention.
I have to disassemble this engine.
I have to create a new website.
I have to quit smoking.
We shall solve the problem without any difficulties.
I have to dry my hair.
I have to cook the vegetables.
I have to deal with this issue.
I have to introduce Mary to the manager.
I have to publish my book.
I have to wake Tom up.
It can't be that he is busy.
I have to pick some flowers.
I have to lose weight.
I have to drive this car.
I have to go on a diet.
The thief broke the window.
I have to teach Mary Esperanto.
I have never seen them anywhere.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf who lived in the woods.
He is only twenty six years old and already managing large companies.
I usually wake up at six o'clock.
I intend to stay there for a week.
In this shop we sell meat.
They sell meat in this store.
Which instruments do you play?
Two years ago, I traveled to Obihiro.
Never forget to lock up when you go to bed.
Your friends will miss you.
I saw how he fled from here.
He granted me permission to work in his office.
Without hesitation, he told his wife the truth.
My parents forbade me from seeing Tom.
My father does not like music.
My dad is not fond of music.
I do not like this song.
Soon, we are all going to sleep.
We decided to go to the mountains today.
He is worthless.
It is already lunch time, let's head to the cafeteria!
The woman sitting across from us is his wife at present.
He gave me all his money.
The defense appealed the verdict.
If you like.
If you wish.
Last year in the spring I attended a cooking class and learned how to bake bread.
Catholic leaders urge all of us to unite in the church.
Is there a difference between the way of thinking of men and women?
The birds chirp loudly while flying rapidly.
I suggest that you start a behavioral therapy in order to cure yourself of your obsession with comas.
She laid the magazine on the table.
Today, I got up very early.
To whom do I have the pleasure?
I think that we have to go now.
I would like to eat a hot soup.
After flying above the safe zone, the airplane went into unidentified air space.
Did you make up your mind?
May I have a piece of it?
Today it is on me.
You are both cute and nice.
Between the sweating tourists and the agonizing pigeons, Paris, during the summer, is madly elegant!
I miss that place.
Join us.
I took part in the discussion.
Life is so complicated.
He is a big prankster.
She is not wrong.
The atomic energy is expensive and dangerous.
She forced me to do it.
We take good care of them.
Those are the properties that she owns.
I'm not a lawyer.
He's a lawyer.
She's a lawyer.
He's a lifeguard.
She's a lifeguard.
Michael Phelps is now the most decorated Olympian of all time.
None of these things surprise me.
You need to see someone.
What is that supposed to mean?
This American flag was made in China.
I just love that.
This is pathetic.
She asked me to dance.
He asked me to dance.
It's not a coincidence.
I need to stretch my legs.
He did it while he was drunk.
She did it while she was drunk.
He did it while she was drunk.
She did it while he was drunk.
Give it up for Tom!
She's in fantastic shape.
He's in fantastic shape.
She had the right idea.
He had the right idea.
He has no real friends.
She has no real friends.
Do you want a bite?
I already apologized.
That was stupid.
This works every time.
He has no remorse.
She has no remorse.
He's not a member.
She's not a member.
He was really impressed.
She was really impressed.
Tatoeba is watching you.
You would do that for me?
Did you say yes?
It was my fault.
It was her fault.
It was his fault.
It was the cat's fault.
Are you alright with this?
What are you suggesting?
You weren't even there.
He wasn't even there.
She wasn't even there.
I wasn't even there.
Does she have a boyfriend?
Does he have a girlfriend?
You have no right to do this.
He has no right to do this.
She has no right to do this.
Not now!
Can't you see I'm busy?
You're not supposed to be in here.
It's really awesome.
He's an undergrad.
She's an undergrad.
Don't worry. He doesn't understand German.
Don't worry. She doesn't understand German.
I've seen it with my own eyes.
She was right the first time.
He was right the first time.
What the fuck is that?
I can't believe he did that.
I can't believe she did that.
In the human body, we find: hair, forehead, eyes, ears, nose, mouth, jaw, cheeks, beard, teeth, tongue, etc..
In the lower part of the head is the neck.
The human hand has five fingers with nails.
As all other animals, human being has a chest and a belly.
Under the thigh is the knee; under this one is the calf; under the latter is the foot.
In the foot, we find an ankle and five toes with nails.
Inside the chest, there are the heart and the lungs.
In the belly, there are intestines, kidneys, liver, etc.
If you want to unscrew these screws, you should use a screwdriver.
When the concrete is hard, we use an electric drill instead of a pin chisel.
What does it mean to develop a sound architecture?
Women dry clothes on a clothesline.
The ax is used for cutting firewood and trees.
I have a pick, two shovels and a wheelbarrow.
This is a hammer. It's not mine; I borrowed it from a friend.
A splitter is used for thick wood; a pin chisel is used for concrete.
You can cut wood with a hand saw, or with a jigsaw.
So as to dry them, women spread clothes on clothesline.
My poor Amazigh cost me my job.
These old people are my uncles.
In this group, there are my parents and my relatives.
This is my ship.
The rumor was baseless.
The rumor was not based on facts.
The simplest sentences are the most elegant ones.
We will play a tennis match.
Night cramps in the calf muscles are particularly painful.
Tell these people to move away, so that the helicopter can land.
The goods arrive by sea.
Did I not anticipate this?
Their two shadows overlap.
I did not understand at all what he said.
My father is quiet.
My father is not talkative.
Making such a decision is not an easy thing.
She has a large bedroom to herself.
Do you want to play tennis with us?
We left on July 15.
Why do you want to know what we are thinking about?
Their feet are dirty.
At what time did you wake up?
Call me one of these days.
His laziness is a bad sign for the future.
His laziness is a bad omen for the future.
On his shirt there was a sauce stain.
He is so old!
What about the carbon tax?
Who is the boss here?
We must take care of the elderly.
When you quote a stupid text, do not forget the context.
I kiss my rival, but it is to choke him.
We paid an invoice of more than one thousand dollars.
You sing a chorus.
Do not call him master.
Go play baseball!
I beg you, give me a bottle!
Not before tomorrow afternoon.
Wait for the bread to completely cool down before eating it.
He is in a wheelchair but he can organize his own day-to-day life.
Without shaking, she poured water in the glass with an elegant gesture.
The young girl lost her bracelet.
It is pointless to argue this topic with him.
These boys often play in the little streets.
I am eating with my bro.
On a pay stub are mentioned: the gross salary and the net salary.
He must stay in the hospital for a week.
Let me know as soon as he comes back.
Excuse me! May I open the window?
But you know well that this would have negative consequences.
She was able to kill two birds with one stone.
May I shave your sideburns?
I explained the rules of the game to him.
Leadership requires to manage men, but demands to reach compromises.
"I have never thought about it", said the old man. "What should we do?"
Brazil is comprised of twenty-six states.
Does he speak? He sings, rather! Since I seasoned it, we can no longer stop it.
I feel as if I was between a rock and a hard place.
If you anger the cat, it will certainly scratch you.
How about walking to the top of the mountain?
The meeting was held last month.
When is the last time you wrote a love letter?
You'd be better off staying home.
When was this church built?
Get rich!
They formed a circle.
When was the last time you accepted a gift?
From the rotten seed comes to us the nutritious fruit.
When was the last time you called Mary?
Do you also have this in other colors?
When was the last time you added sentences to Tatoeba?
This party's packed.
When was the last time you drove Tom's car?
What is for dessert?
When was the last time you sent a letter abroad?
Why do you not believe in God?
When was the last time you played soccer?
The man is sitting on on the other side of the stream.
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
You decide.
When was the last time you slept in this room?
He said it himself.
They did not go there.
When was the last time you caught a fish?
This machine is worthless.
When was the last time you parked your car here?
Try!
When was the last time you recruited workers?
And she still makes a funny face.
Should I make a cream pie or a pound cake?
When was the last time you bought shoes?
The vast majority of children love ice cream.
This memory weighs, as a nightmare would, on my soul.
When was the last time you cut your nails?
When was the last time you swam?
Who are your closest friends?
Our headquarters are located in another part of town.
When was the last time you washed the car?
When was the last time you mopped the room?
When was the last time you went hunting?
When was the last time you invited guests?
When was the last time you danced?
When was the last time you cooked?
When was the last time you took the children to the beach?
When was the last time you read this magazine?
When was the last time you watered the trees?
When was the last time you travelled by train?
When was the last time you brought your dog to the park?
When was the last time you visited your grandmother?
When was the last time you talked to Mary?
When was the last time you answered the phone?
When was the last time you borrowed books from the library?
When was the last time you slaughtered a sheep?
When was the last time you fed the cows?
When was the last time you dreamt about Mary?
When was the last time you had a nightmare?
When was the last time you exercised?
The girl, like her parents, was very sympathetic.
When was the last time you did shopping?
When was the last time you breast-fed your baby?
When was the last time you kissed your wife?
When was the last time you made your wife happy?
When was the last time you ate mutton?
When was the last time you fished?
When was the last time you used this dictionary?
When was the last time you helped your wife?
When was the last time you offered flowers to your wife?
When was the last time you took a shower?
When was the last time you rented a house?
When was the last time you jumped of joy?
When was the last time you drank this?
When was the last time you paid a fine?
When was the last time you taught driving?
When was the last time you shaved your beard?
When was the last time you combed your hair?
When was the last time you prayed?
When was the last time you fasted?
When was the last time you came to visit daddy?
When was the last time you squashed a spider?
When was the last time you killed a mouse?
When was the last time you changed your password?
When was the last time you checked your e-mail box?
When was the last time you smiled at your wife?
When was the last time you laughed?
When was the last time you argued with your wife?
When was the last time you broke your glasses?
When was the last time you climbed a mountain?
When was the last time you milked a cow?
When was the last time you connected to the Internet?
When was the last time you gave birth?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you made Mary cry?
When was the last time you massaged your legs?
When was the last time you painted your house?
When was the last time you sold a car?
When was the last time you felled a tree?
When was the last time you felt love?
When was the last time you listened to this song?
When was the last time you sang?
When was the last time you attended a conference?
When was the last time you spoke in Esperanto in public?
When was the last time you were on TV?
When was the last time you locked this door?
When was the last time you were sick?
When was the last time you voted?
When was the last time you chewed tobacco?
When was the last time you grilled meat?
When was the last time you made a dress?
When was the last time you made up?
When was the last time you circumcised a little boy?
When was the last time you hunted?
When was the last time you fried an egg?
When was the last time you switched off this lamp?
When was the last time you switched on this machine?
When was the last time you translated a book?
When was the last time you advised a friend?
When was the last time you applied ointment on this wound?
When was the last time you drew a plan?
When was the last time you calculated your salary?
When was the last time you lent your car?
When was the last time you authorized your workers to leave early?
When was the last time you left work early?
If one is suffering from sleep deprivation, one's attention can slip.
If you take this bus, you will reach the village.
When was the last time you stayed at a hotel?
When was the last time you swept the yard?
When was the last time you told your wife 'I love you'?
When was the last time you found money on the street?
When was the last time you ordered goods?
When was the last time you imported medicines?
When was the last time you exported fruits?
When was the last time you withdrew money?
When was the last time you received a letter from Tom?
There's no use crying for help. No one will hear you.
When was the last time you touched snow?
Please leave immediately.
When was the last time you heard Tom talking about Mary?
Please get out immediately.
When was the last time you had an accident?
When was the last time you had a nap?
When was the last time you had a rest?
They are walking barefoot.
When was the last time you fell off the bed?
When was the last time you angered your mother?
When was the last time you upset your father?
When was the last time you treated a patient?
When was the last time you baked a cake?
When was the last time you sharpened this knife?
When was the last time you plucked a chicken?
When was the last time you cleaned the sitting room?
When was the last time you tidied your room?
When was the last time you picked apples from the neighbor's garden?
When was the last time you rode a horse?
When was the last time you contributed to this project?
When was the last time you dived?
When was the last time you revised your lessons at the library?
When was the last time you smoked a cigarette?
When was the last time you got drunk?
When was the last time you gave charity?
When was the last time you had dinner with your wife?
When was the last time you had lunch out?
When was the last time you ironed your clothes?
When was the last time you jogged?
When was the last time you smelled gas in this room?
When was the last time you made a cake?
When was the last time you made your bed?
When was the last time you pegged up the washing?
When was the last time you did the dishes?
When was the last time you played violin?
When was the last time you spent time on Facebook?
When was the last time you took the subway?
When was the last time you trained?
When was the last time you watched a movie?
When was the last time you wore a coat?
When was the last time you wore your earrings?
When was the last time you won a prize?
When was the last time you commented a sentence?
Swimming is a sport that is practised in water.
Which sport do you like practising?
Which sport do you like to practise today ?
I am a football player.
I like handball; as for my friend, he prefers volleyball.
Today's match will take place in the 5th July Stadium, at 10:30 a.m.
Does your country have renowned boxers?
In Judo, we have many world-class judokas.
Hurry up! There's left only a short time for the start of the match.
Let's go to the stadium, because today's match will not be televised.
They're coming for us.
He works like a maniac.
She works like a maniac.
He's a smooth talker.
She's a smooth talker.
Next week, I will ask Mr Nemoto or Mr Sekiguchi to bring back the original copy.
The airport is close by.
Thanks for asking, my family's doing very well.
Here's my big brother. Doesn't he look good?
I see the crimes commited every day on the street.
You need two hours to get to my uncle by car from here.
Thank you for teaching me Japanese language.
Her brother goes to school by bus.
He who wants benediction shall make it with his own hands.
Hand in hand heaviness becomes lightness.
And this is true after all: no matter how good it was there, when such a good remains unchanged for the lifetime, it easily stops being good.
An affine algebraic group over a field k is a representable covariant functor from the category of commutative algebras over k to the category of groups such that the representing algebra is finitely generated.
There any many answers to this questions, and many legends are created about the Devil’s stone by the people: human mind cannot calm down until it explains to itself the dark, the unknows, the vague.
The neighbours from one side said, “You’re not yourselves, but you’re the same as us. So accept our customs, our schools, our language, because your language is the same as ours, only you’ve corrupted it”. The same was said by the neighbours from the other side, but in their own way.
At that very night when the fern blooms — I’m just retelling what has been composed in the fairy tales by local people — the mermaids, wood and house goblins, werewolves, nix, and different kinds of ghosts and sorcerer gathered together.
If you heat water at 100 °c, it boils.
If you get nearer, you're dead !
If you run every day, you'll reduce your weight.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go to the forest.
If you don't drink, you'll still feel thirsty.
If you don't come tomorrow, notify me by phone.
If he had drunk only a little alcohol, he wouldn't have been drunk.
We should brainstorm all the possibilities.
If man had wings, he would fly as a bird.
If he had started walking early, he would have arrived by now.
Let them eat if they want to.
If you want to get your rights, you must ask for them from your governours.
You dont have to give money if you don't have some.
Bite down, please.
You may sit down if you're tired.
They all understood your speech.
He had a mad crush on you.
Fate taught me a hard lesson.
It is their last movie.
Is this one the bus for Oxford?
She almost took him to the edge of bankruptcy.
You are not going to eat this apple, it is rotten!
Which meat dishes do you propose?
Today's special is fish.
They died on the battlefield.
Whether he is for it or not, we will not change our plans.
She is so tall!
My school grades have been average.
It seemed to be a good idea.
The farm is built at the bottom of the hill.
I will follow your advice.
You should see the doctor.
Do you really think that she is a virgin?
Can the baby walk?
Keep on working when I am not there.
He is cutting down trees on a mountain.
In this day and age, it is incredible that people still want to spend years learning some foreign language while they could learn Esperanto in a matter of weeks and broaden their reach to the entire world.
The city of Grimbergen in Belgium has passed a law that prohibits people from speaking anything other than Flemish in the entire city.
There is no such thing as a Belgian, there are only Walloons and Flemish.
As soon as I speak Dutch well, I will chat with Flemish women.
The two words that we hear the most in the Flemish language are "allez" and "voilà", two French words.
In fact, the difference between Bristish English and American English is more important than between standard Flemish and the standard Dutch of the Netherlands.
Wallonia is a beautiful country.
Almost all the American TV series of the last few years were written by homosexuals.
She apologized for her delay.
She is not as pretty as her sister.
Service by friendship.
The girls are excited.
The boys are excited.
His grades have improved significantly.
My grades have improved significantly.
Her grades have improved significantly.
Tom is calm and patient.
He's done this before.
She's done this before.
Rose is a loving and caring lady.
Tom is a loving and caring gentleman.
Victory, or death!
His father disapproved of him.
His father disapproved of her.
Tom received only one per cent of the vote.
He made mistake after mistake.
She made mistake after mistake.
He thinks he's a genius.
She thinks she's a genius.
He has overstepped his authority.
She has overstepped her authority.
You have overstepped your authority.
He doesn't understand sarcasm.
She doesn't understand sarcasm.
He's a professional photographer.
She's a professional photographer.
He does this all the time.
She does this all the time.
I do this all the time!
We don't need him.
We don't need her.
We don't need you.
That is a very good question.
That's a very good question.
This is a very good question.
It's a very good question.
I'd like to eat Nata de coco.
It doesn't look good at all.
He likes quinoa.
She only eats free-range chicken.
It cannot be done.
It wasn't very fun.
It was very fun.
It's very fun.
It's not very fun.
It's not funny.
The girl always looked happy, but she wasn't at all happy.
This is disturbing.
What do you think is going to happen?
It is not the best solution.
He took credit for my idea.
She took credit for my idea.
She was brought to tears.
She was moved to tears when she heard the news.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
He was brought to tears.
It didn't even cross my mind.
That's not even the worst part.
I want one!
She wants one.
He wants one.
My house works like my office.
I wish it would happen more often.
We should do this more often.
The player faked an injury.
Tom is ambitious and optimistic.
If you need some help, just inquire the higher ranking official.
When a new electronic device is released, everyone goes crazy.
After a day of visiting the amusement park, the children fell asleep on the car ride home.
We want to measure your blood pressure.
When all else fails, look elsewhere.
The assignment was very difficult, requiring hours of tedious work.
This exercise is simpler than I thought.
Many people dream about fantasy vacations.
My favorite season is Fall.
Whenever I feel tired, I go down to the river to wash myself and feel the refreshing air on my body.
Get the hell out of here!
Illegal loggers cut down the forest.
I sat at the riverbank, under the shade of an oleander.
Were you present at the crime scene?
This guy is a loser.
This girl is a loser.
I can't stand her.
He was the strongest. He won the match.
The wine and beer are good.
Your job is to gather dead leaves in the garden.
Mummy is buying me a toy.
The year starts on the first of January and ends on the thirty-first of December.
What do the papers say?
She told him all about her adventure.
You had better go to the dentist.
You're making me blush.
Stop. You're making me blush.
He cheated on me.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, December is the twelfth.
She cheated on me.
All my efforts were in vain.
I am very unhappy.
I want champagne, and make sure its super bubbly.
Don't play. Work!
He is not wearing a hat.
I'm very sorry but it seems I've lost my umbrella.
He's an oceanographer.
He was sentenced to community service.
You can't always avoid everything.
This bamboo is too thin to bear much weight.
"Gulliver's Travels" is all satire, in fact, his voyages never take him out of England.
Have a safe journey.
The suffix "inho" is often used in Portuguese names: Mariazinha, Pedrinho e Zezinho are some examples.
This is not happening.
It's too thin.
My father doesn't let me go out with Bill.
Last Saturday I bought a laptop.
I'll have to explain that to my father.
The kibbeh comes stuffed with cheese.
Don't keep me waiting.
He lost the watch he bought yesterday.
I have nothing to say to you.
Does anyone here speak Esperanto?
For me, it is difficult to express my thoughts in words.
I know some of these girls.
Is anybody hurt?
It's fast and fun.
It was fast and fun.
She had a Big Mac.
He had a Big Mac.
That's what I'm talking about.
Do you ever think about that girl?
Do you ever think about that guy?
I'm surprised by the similarities between French and Italian in some cases.
All the tournament's matches will be streamed live on the internet.
How long does a basketball game last?
We bought a pool table but have yet to play a single game.
Why do you buy this all the while knowing you'll never use it?
The packaging of this product is damaged.
You're leaving? Go then, because I don't give a shit.
"I think my radio burned out when we lost electricity." "But doesn't it run on batteries?"
You ask too much of me.
"I was only trying to help." "Except you just got in the way."
Get out of the way of the TV!
She and her uncle were sad and forlorn in their neglect and disgrace.
I have seen angels and talked with them.
The strangest thing is that I don't recognize anyone.
The strangest part is that no one recognizes me.
I would be sad, but I would not commit suicide.
Even when I recognize my room, my pet and myself in the mirror, I recognize I'm dreaming.
Death is the door that brings this mortal life that we have lived to an end and opens out to the eternal life to come.
This story is very famous; everyone knows it.
This man is not reliable.
We'll go by bus unless Elena wants to take a taxi.
He convinced us of his innocence.
He doesn't like traveling by plane.
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy.
"Rebellion in the Backlands", by Euclides da Cunha, is an enormous book with more than 300 pages.
The time has come to act.
You can see that every day.
At that time, my house was still being built.
A big house will be built.
Run or you'll be arrested.
When was the last time you crossed a river?
When was the last time you missed the train?
When was the last time you threw a party?
When was the last time you had your hair cut?
When was the last time you received treatment?
When was the last time you lost your keys?
He knows how to advise people.
He knows how to anger his sister.
He knows how to answer journalists.
He knows how to argue with the manager.
He knows how to buy used cars.
He knows how to break a computer but he doesn't know how to fix it.
He knows how to brush his teeth.
She knows how to brush her hair.
He knows how to calculate his salary.
He knows how to catch birds.
He knows how to change his password.
He knows how to check his e-mail box.
He knows how to circumcise children.
He knows how to clean his rifle.
She knows how to comb her hair.
He knows how to card wool.
He knows how to come to Tokyo.
He knows how to climb a mountain.
He knows how to connect his computer to the Internet.
He knows how to cook meat.
He knows how to cross a river.
You're blocking my view.
He knows how to cut huge trees.
He knows how to dance the tango.
He knows how to do the dishes.
He knows how to do shopping.
He knows how to dive.
He knows how to draw animals.
He knows how to drive a truck.
He knows how to eat with chopsticks.
He knows how to exercise by himself.
He knows how to feed his crocodile.
He knows how to fell a tree.
He knows how to find water in the desert.
He knows how to fish with a fishing rod.
He knows how to fry eggs.
He knows how to grill fish.
He knows how to help people.
He knows how to console people.
He knows how to iron his shirts.
He knows how to kill zombies.
He knows how to recognize aliens.
He knows how to lock this door.
He knows how to break the law without being caught.
He knows how to waste his time.
He knows how to spend his money.
She knows how to make cakes.
She knows how to make dresses.
He knows how to make women cry.
He knows how to make his wife happy.
She knows how to make up.
He knows how to massage.
He knows how to milk a cow.
He knows how to paint houses.
He knows how to play poker.
He knows how to play trumpet.
He knows how to pluck a chicken.
He knows how to read Chinese.
He knows how to learn a language quickly.
He knows how to fly a helicopter.
He knows how to pilot a plane.
He knows how to revise his lessons.
He knows how to ride a camel.
He knows how to sing in Japanese.
He knows how to sell houses.
He knows how to plant palm trees.
He knows how to bet.
He knows how to fight.
He knows how to sharpen knives.
He knows how to shave his beard.
He knows how to bind books.
He knows how to whistle.
He knows how to slaughter a sheep.
He knows how to speak to children.
He knows how to switch off this machine.
He knows how to switch on this machine.
He knows how to talk to customers.
He knows how to cheat people.
He knows how to cheat on his wife.
She knows how to plait her hair.
He knows how to teach languages.
He knows how to interrogate people.
He knows how to tidy his room.
He knows how to tell lies.
It's slow as shit.
He works as a gondolier in Venice.
Many Asians are lactose intolerant.
The students like it.
She's a single mother of two.
Do you have a scary book?
What did you recommend?
It is certainly possible if you want it.
He should thank you.
You're the best.
They must have agreed about this subject.
It's uncertain that she goes back to her husband's home.
Maybe they both definitely want divorce.
A little bird told me you are not attending Mass.
Being with you, I will always be happy.
They called the same witness to court.
Yesterday we painted the town red.
Yesterday we let our hair down.
We speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony.
You weren't expecting this to happen, were you?
Don't hate what you don't understand!
I already saw this thing.
When was the last time you sat up late?
When was the last time you cut the engine?
He knows how to cut the engine.
He knows how to mop his room.
Why don't I pick you up at your house?
It will not be a straightforward, universally accepted matter when the US one day elects a female president.
Someday, the USA will elect its first woman president, and it will rejoice in the long overdue occasion.
The US will one day elect its first woman president, and there will be rejoicing in the long overdue occasion.
On the way to school, I met my friend Karlo, who was walking.
I'll buy a tape.
We have lost a battle, but we will win the war.
Your intolerance reflects your insecurity.
The grandfather is about to die.
I can't believe they slept together!
How was your first night in Paris?
He'll come after me.
So you decided to become a criminal?
I always suspected him of using drugs.
I'll come after you.
You better not do that. I know where your parents live.
I only want to keep you safe.
Every man is a suffering-machine and a happiness-machine combined.
Here is a red spider, not so big as a pin's head. Can you imagine an elephant being interested in him—caring whether he is happy or isn't, or whether he is wealthy or poor, or whether his sweetheart returns his love or not, or whether his mother is sick or well, or whether he is looked up to in society or not, or whether his enemies will smite him or his friends desert him, or whether his hopes will suffer blight or his political ambitions fail, or whether he shall die in the bosom of his family or neglected and despised in a foreign land?
Same-sex couples should be able to get married.
He didn't see a thing.
She didn't see a thing.
We're going to lose him!
I still want to be here.
Can I bring my friend with me?
It's boring.
Our hero claims a warrior's heart.
Beware! Beware! The Dragonborn comes!
I tell you, I tell you, the Dragonborn comes!
With a voice wielding power of the ancient Nord art.
It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes.
For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows.
I think she'll ask him for divorce someday.
I think he regrets having divorced his wife.
Maybe the village elders will intervene to reconcile them.
Maybe they will go back on their decision about this subject of divorce.
We don't know if her parents will come tomorrow or not.
Who knows if her parents are alive or not?
It's unclear if they love each other or not.
Are you sure they won't talk to each other any more ?
The name of my city is Jhelum.
She lives across the street.
He lives across the street.
Everyone was stunned.
She was stunned.
He was stunned.
She was stoned.
He was stoned.
He's intelligent and good-looking.
She's intelligent and good-looking.
I'm not ready.
He's not ready.
She's not ready.
He crawled out of the window.
She crawled out of the window.
We're not getting married.
He's the sole breadwinner for the family.
She's the sole breadwinner for the family.
When I was your age, I was already married.
The bottom 40% of the U.S. population has only 0.3% of the wealth.
She's tall and gorgeous.
He's tall and gorgeous.
You should lower your standards.
She lowered her standards.
If I understood, I would tell you.
Not only cooks carry long knives.
When the Father asked the bride to repeat the oath, she stayed silent.
It's quite large.
It wasn't supposed to be this way.
They seem to be enjoying themselves.
They're enjoying themselves.
She's enjoying herself.
He's enjoying himself.
I didn't find any feeling in his speech.
He apologized to the employee.
Suddenly she felt tiny, worthless and miserable.
I lost.
I speak Lojban.
I speak Spanish.
The little girl is beautiful.
Together we can change something.
I study Lojban.
A stranger is just a friend you haven’t met yet.
He's in the joint.
I like chess.
It's very quiet.
Are you sad?
I am great.
Pfirsichbaeumchen writes in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows how to write in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen learnt the Berber alphabet.
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen wants to learn Berber.
Alexander wrote some sentences in Berber.
You don't need a whole day to take a shit! Come out now!
He likes to smoke while taking a shit.
Don't smoke again in the toilet!
He likes to smoke in the toilet.
A toilet is made for taking shit, not for smoking!
Next time I find you smoking in the toilet, I'll report it to the manager.
I bought a book for two hundred yen.
Never believe the mass media.
Never trust the mass media.
I found a note on the table, but I don't know who it's from.
Why were you fired?
What were you fired for?
The car jack was on the table.
When it rains a lot, it causes landslides in the mountains.
Today, it's cloudy and cold; it might snow tonight.
You've got nowhere else to go today; it's windy.
In winter, I like staying at home, around the fire, listening to the wind blowing.
I like classical music more than modern music.
Tiniriwin is a Berber music group from the North of Mali.
My favorite music instrument is the flute.
If you had to choose between piano and violin, which would you prefer ?
Who are the famous musicians in your country?
It was more and more hard to live in the village.
He likes smoking in the toilet.
I stumbled on a stone.
I tripped over a stone.
Curiosity has landed on Mars.
The Mars Science Laboratory has landed on Mars.
Curiosity has landed inside the Gale crater.
Employees are prohibited from watching the Olympics.
He's watching the Olympics.
She's watching the Olympics.
I'm watching the Olympics.
I want to relieve his anger.
He won a gold medal.
She won a gold medal.
She won a silver medal.
He won a silver medal.
She won a bronze medal.
He won a bronze medal.
That's a fact.
It was her best time.
It was his best time.
I'm very happy to be here.
Usain Bolt is the fastest man in the world.
It's an olympic record.
It's a world record.
He was wrong.
She was wrong.
He spends his evenings in front of his laptop.
She spends her evenings in front of her laptop.
He holds a senior position in the government.
She holds a senior position in the government.
She was mimicking the various people in our office.
They face up to seven years in prison.
It happened to someone I know.
He works as a gym teacher.
She's a gym teacher.
It was an evil bunny.
Your opinion is very important to us.
Auto-destruct sequence armed.
She's an excellent brain surgeon.
Auto-destruct sequence initiated.
Auto-destruct sequence was set.
I hate man pages without examples.
It's good to be back!
Who will the new teacher be?
Somebody stepped on his foot.
We'll see how it goes.
Yidir is a universal artist.
I like listening to Beethoven music.
Let's do this!
All people have seen that baby.
In Saudia, women do not drive cars.
This boy and this girl are very clean.
The children are playing in the house yard.
This is a man, that is a woman.
Young people should respect old people.
Then I will tell you.
All roads lead to Elsinore.
Cycle lanes are everywhere!
Bicycle lanes are everywhere!
It's popular among the elderly.
I am happy with my girlfriend.
Where in the U.S.A. is there a Swedish embassy?
Where is the Swedish embassy?
There's a Swedish embassy in Washington D.C.
Where is the French embassy?
Where is the German embassy?
I've always found Tinker Bell very sexy.
We saw many unusual plants in the botanical garden.
Where is the Chinese embassy?
Where is the Australian embassy?
Where is the Canadian embassy?
Where is the Danish embassy?
Where is the Egyptian embassy?
Where is the Finnish embassy?
Where is the Greek embassy?
Where is the Hungarian embassy?
Where is the Indian embassy?
Where is the Israeli embassy?
Where is the Italian embassy?
Where is the New Zealand embassy?
Where is the Norwegian embassy?
Where is the Portuguese office?
Where is the Russian embassy?
Where is the Spanish embassy?
Where is the Dutch embassy?
Where is the Turkish embassy?
Where is the British embassy?
Where is the American embassy?
Watching television is like studying, but perhaps about irrelevancies.
She doesn't like the word "study."
At last, you are going to be a June bride.
If that is not true, she is a liar.
Do not rent or sell this place, for it would be injudicious.
This speed is insane.
Betty killed your mother.
I'm currently working at the school as a teacher.
Is this a letter?
He is a strange person.
I don't need you to say "yes". I know that the answer is "yes".
I think social networking is so girlish.
I need some wholemeal bread.
Wholemeal bread is good.
He listened to music in his own room.
She listened to music in her own room.
I have no idea who that is either.
He's a strange person.
He studied after dinner.
Do you watch telly?
Which terrorist group did this?
I like to translate Charlotte's sentences.
Mary's sentences are easy to translate.
All her sentences are short.
All his sentences are short.
All of Tom's sentences are short.
She doesn't trust the doctor any more.
She has lost faith in the doctor.
We have to add more sentences to Tatoeba.
I dislike seeing her picture.
Take her picture away from me.
What's her picture doing here?
What are you still doing with her picture?
Why did you keep her picture?
Did you keep her picture because you still love her?
Are you still in love with her?
Why do you want my picture?
What are you going to do with my picture?
When did she give you her picture?
Is this the only picture of her you have?
Until 1962, Algeria was a French mandate.
In 1962, Algeria gained independence from France.
Since 1962, Algeria has been an independent state.
You can use Tifinagh alphabet to write in the Tamazight language.
I've corrected the mistake.
Do you have other pictures of her?
Where are her other pictures?
Where did you find her picture?
Show me her picture.
Why did you ask her to give you her picture?
Why did you ask her to send you her picture?
Is she more beautiful than me?
I found her pictures in your drawer.
When did she send you her pictures?
Do you like to look at her picture?
Where is her picture?
Don't show me her picture anymore.
Where did she take this picture?
Don't look at her picture.
Give me her picture!
I want you to burn all of her pictures.
You keep her picture and you tell me you don't love her?
Whose picture is this?
Did you find another picture?
Burn all of her pictures!
What's this picture doing in your book?
Why do you keep a picture of her in your book?
Do you still want to remember her?
Did you ask her to give you her pictures?
My father went to Germany when he was young.
My father stayed a few days in Frankfurt.
My father learnt some German when he was in Germany.
Germany is one of Europe's most beautiful countries.
I have a friend who lives in Germany.
My aunt goes to Germany every year.
When will you go to Germany?
When will you go back to Germany?
When will you move to Germany?
Why did you come back from Germany?
Why didn't you stay in Germany?
Why didn't you even visit Germany?
Why didn't you go to Germany?
Is it true that you wanted to live in Germany?
Is it true that you have a brother in Germany?
How was your stay in Germany?
What do you like in Germany?
Which places did you visit in Germany?
Were there a lot of Algerians in Germany?
Did you find a lot of Algerians in Germany?
Are there a lot of Moroccans in Germany?
Why didn't you learn German while you were in Germany?
I can't believe that you went to Germany and you didn't learn German!
If I go to Germany, I will learn German.
Is Germany as beautiful as the Netherlands?
The cat was sitting on the window and the dog was barking outside.
Is it true that you wanted to buy a car from Germany?
Why do you want to go to Germany?
Are there a lot of Africans in Germany?
Put your finger in your throat.
Algeria is a country in North Africa.
I don't know a lot of things about Germany.
Germany is a federal state.
Does Coca-Cola contain caffeine?
Are you sure you want to go to Germany?
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to work in Germany.
I'm too old to go to Germany.
I learnt a lot of things about Germany thanks to German TV channels.
Who do you know in Germany?
Where does he live in Germany?
Is Germany good?
Are there any beaches in Germany?
Tell me about Germany.
Tell me about the Turkish in Germany.
Which newspapers did you read in Germany?
What's the largest city in Germany?
Why did she remain in Germany?
Did anyone see him in Germany?
Is it true that Tom went to Germany?
But is it true that he wanted to go to Germany?
Why didn't he go to Germany?
Did you buy a house in Germany?
Did he get married when he was in Germany?
Did you drive when you were in Germany?
What did you study in Germany?
Why did you send your daughter to Germany?
What does your son do in Germany?
Does your brother have his own house in Germany?
Did you take these pictures in Germany?
How do you like Germany?
Did you go to a concert in Germany?
How's life in Germany?
Do you have any family in Germany?
Tom learnt even some Turkish in Germany.
I went as far as Germany but I didn't have time to visit Alexander.
Have you visited any beautiful places in Germany?
It is said that she studied translation in Germany.
You are such a coach potato.
Don't be such a couch potato!
The hut of that old trapper is not far.
Some Sioux gave that old trapper a golden nugget.
Here is the map.
I work at an embassy.
I will do my homework.
I will be doing my homework.
If you will need anything.
That will be better for you.
That is the Charles street.
A professor is teaching Czech.
Did you work in Germany?
Did you meet Jasmin in Germany?
Is your brother still in Germany?
I still dream about Germany.
I will never forget Germany.
Jasmin is a German girl.
Was it easy for you to find a job in Germany?
Did you bring this car from Germany?
I am calling from Germany.
I say this so that you understand.
Are you calling from Germany?
I don't think that this car was made in Germany.
Kaiser will go to Germany next week.
Does Jasmin still live in Germany?
Is this your letter?
Why didn't you get married in Germany?
Is this your beer?
Whose beer is this?
This is my beer.
How long did you stay in Germany?
What's the most beautiful city in Germany?
Is Germany near Italy?
If you didn't understand, you only had to say so.
Do you drink beer?
I am watching this video.
She's her daughter.
What's the longest river in Germany?
What's Germany's largest lake?
What's Germany's highest mountain?
Yes, this is my union.
What's Germany's largest forest?
Is this your union?
This is my union.
What's Germany's highest building?
Germany has two capital cities.
When was Germany reunited?
Germany has good football players.
Are there still wild bears in Germany?
Are there still wolves in Germany?
Are there scorpions in Germany?
Are you sure that this car was made in Germany?
This is an egg.
Why do you want to go as far as Germany to buy a car?
I didn't see any bear in Germany.
I drove from Germany to Italy.
Were these pictures taken in Germany?
Nobody knew that you were in Germany.
Do you drink beer or wine?
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.
I have told you everything I know about Germany.
He knows everything about Germany.
Saudi women are not permitted to leave their country alone.
His parents came from Germany.
Saudi women are not permitted to leave their country without their husbands.
He knows Germany like the back of his hand.
He doesn't know anything about Germany.
He studied art in Germany.
Kaiser was born in Germany.
Jasmin was born in Germany.
This is an eye.
Is it cold in Germany?
Are there floods in Germany?
We actually have four legs.
Are there earthquakes in Germany?
Is Germany as cold as Canada?
He flinches whenever he hears a loud, sudden noise.
Where did you put her picture?
He landed himself a really plum job.
I asked her to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
When you rob a bank, you go to jail. When a bank robs you, they hand out bonuses.
The criticism was trenchant but fair.
This legislation constitutes a full-fledged attack on consumer rights.
Don't upset mommy.
You ride a bike and climb a ladder. But what do you do with a hula hoop?
I want you to tear up her pictures.
Gather all of her pictures and burn them.
It will not happen again.
I don't want to bore you by repeating things you already know.
He knows how to manage a company.
He knows how to shear a sheep.
He knows how to recite the Quran.
He knows how to recite poems.
He knows how to pray.
There's a chance he won't play on Friday.
There are a lot of things to see in Germany.
You will like Germany.
He is able to recite the Koran.
Why don't you say it in Berber?
Why don't you write it in Berber?
Why don't you speak Berber with Berbers?
Why don't you write in Berber to Berbers?
Why don't you use your language?
He knows how to switch on the lamp.
He knows how to curse in Chinese.
He knows how to greet people in all languages.
How to thank him in Turkish?
We'll just have to see where he is.
There's someone trapped in the car.
He knows how to show love.
Now you can cross the road.
Write with a pen.
Where do you want to go? Anywhere.
Draw with a pencil.
Cut the meat with a knife.
Cut up the wood with an ax.
Burn this picture with a lighter.
Paint this room with a brush.
Kill that bear with a rifle.
It's not the first time I see this sentence.
Germany is a federal republic.
I like to advise people.
I like to anger Tom.
I like to annoy Mary.
I like to add new sentences to Tatoeba.
I like to receive letters from friends.
I like to answer this kind of question.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to go to Germany.
Although this chap came into the world in a somewhat impudent fashion, before he was sent for, his mother was pretty; we had fun making him, and the illegitimate fellow must be acknowledged.
He sent me a comic book from Germany.
I like to bring my daughters to the park.
He knows how to open this door.
He knows how to use this weapon.
He knows how to close this window.
I like to brush my teeth with this toothpaste.
I like to comb my hair with this comb.
I like to build bridges.
I like to water the garden.
I like to buy clothes.
I like to download books.
I like to calculate.
I like to card wool.
I like to wear a watch.
I like to wear a tunic.
I like to catch flies.
I like to chew tobacco.
I like to change my clothes.
I like to correct sentences.
I like to check my Facebook account.
I like to win prizes.
I like to chop wood.
I like to ask questions to doctors.
I like to give gifts.
I like to clean my room.
I like to climb mountains.
I like to conjugate difficult verbs.
I like to prepare the table.
I like to watch this series.
I like to call Tom names.
I like to call Mary in the morning.
I like to see these pictures.
I like to smile at Mary.
I like to take my children to the beach.
I like to repair phones.
I like to visit my uncle.
I like to peel apples.
I like to remind my mother of those days.
I like to remember that party.
I like to comb my hair.
I like to take a shower at night.
I like to spend my holidays in Germany.
I like to cook traditional dishes.
I like to try new cars.
I like to invent useful things.
I like to invest money in interesting projects.
I like to invite my friends home.
I like to cut trees with an ax.
I like to cut up wood in my backyard.
I like to dance with Mary.
I like to translate quotations.
I like to fry fish.
I like to dye my hair.
I like to do my homework.
I like to grow flowers.
I hope he isn't ill.
I like to pick roses.
I like to participate in this project.
I like to make my wife happy.
I like to make Mary laugh.
I like to make faces at Tom.
I like to mime President Bush.
I like to imitate Queen Elizabeth.
I like to praise Mary.
Come and catch me if you dare.
Our teacher is a real idiot.
The BBC is my favourite channel.
Who installed the new hard drive?
A sense of expectation is hanging in the air.
When can we meet again?
I haven't read all of her novels.
We will not be able to send the package first thing tomorrow morning.
All countries have a responsibility to preserve the ancestral relics of every people group within their borders, and to pass these on to the coming generations.
My notebook is pink.
Here's my pink notebook.
Does it rain much in Germany?
Are there big rivers in Germany?
Did you drive a Mercedes in Germany?
Did you work as a cab driver in Germany?
Did you keep a pet in Germany?
Were her children born in Germany?
I have never been to Germany.
Oh, my God! Frankfurt is in Germany, not in the Middle East!
My trip to Australia is officially booked.
I imagine music will be on a server somewhere - but not on a hard disk.
I'm glad that you want to support this project.
We need more Norwegian sentences.
Hey, that rhymes!
Some cookies are stored indefinitely on users' hard drives.
Germany is called "Deutschland" in German.
He talks a lot about Germany.
The embassy sent me a book about Germany.
I lent Tom a book about Germany.
He used to ask me so many questions about Germany.
Do you want to go to Germany?
Do you really want to go to Germany?
What do you want to do in Germany?
Do you think it's easy to find a job in Germany?
Don't tell me that you want to become a bum in Germany.
Stop dreaming! If you can't work, you can't go to Germany.
Do you still like to talk about Germany as before?
Why do you have a house in Germany and another one in Turkey?
I like to spend winters in Germany.
My grandmother was sent to a hospital in Germany.
My grandmother underwent surgery in Germany.
My uncle lives in Germany.
These cars were imported from Germany.
I didn't need to go to Germany.
Even if you're hungry, you must eat slowly.
He is not always happy.
I have wine.
I'm investigating a very interesting case.
Yes, this is a wine.
He has wine.
Is this your wine?
This is my wine.
Is this my wine?
This is your wine.
Whose wine is this?
Is the wine red?
Yes, the wine is red.
Is this wine?
She has wine.
You have wine.
We have wine.
They have wine.
Eat me!
Laurie is a beautiful girl.
Russia Today is a 24/7 English news channel.
This is their handbag.
This is your handbag.
This is our handbag.
This is her handbag.
This is his handbag.
This is my handbag.
She just wrote a book.
The sun is white.
I love your name.
I am gay.
This dog is gay.
You're gay.
He is gay.
Joshua is gay.
She's a dog.
I will live in the city.
I want to live in the city.
This is my dick.
This is my red pencil.
Is this your red pencil?
What colour is your pencil?
My pencil is red.
Is this your pencil?
This is my pencil.
Is this pencil red or white?
This pencil is white.
This pencil is red.
This pencil is not grey.
This pencil is not gray.
Your pencil is very dark.
Is today Friday?
Yes, today is Friday.
Beliefs are not liable to verification.
Does he come here?
Does he usually come here?
I am seeing it.
I am having a look at it.
Is that website good?
What do you think of our website?
I have never seen this picture on the net.
Can you call him?
He's rarely on the Internet.
I rarely see him on the Internet.
Hello again.
We have to ask after Tom.
We will come back tomorrow.
Now, Tom has a job.
Is there electricity in your house?
I looked for a job.
I'm a housewife.
Laurie is beautiful.
Laurie lives in Melbourne.
Where's Laurie's house?
Where is Laurie from?
Laurie is from Australia.
How old is Laurie?
I live in Moscow.
You live in St. Petersburg.
Laurie's family lives in Brisbane.
Laurie's family is here.
I'd love to get something to eat with Tom.
Casey lives in Tver.
Laurie was very kind.
Laurie is reading a book now.
The house is too cold.
This paper is white.
Is this paper white?
No, this paper isn't white.
Whose paper is this?
Whose tea is this?
Do you drink black coffee?
Where is Damascus?
Damascus is in Syria.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
It's raining but never mind, I can still go.
It rained today so he can't come anymore.
She left an hour ago so she should've arrived by now.
Have you ever written a blog?
You made me laugh.
I'm from Georgia.
I'm from Greece.
I'm from Croatia.
This isn't good.
Laurie loves me.
Is Laurie at home?
Laurie is a young girl.
Laurie is listening to music.
I read the old documents.
I'm from Romania.
I'm from Bulgaria.
He isn't our enemy.
Laurie means a lot to me.
Laurie is expressing herself.
This is your time!
Laurie fell in love with me.
Do you want to eat something, Laurie?
Please stop changing channels.
What will the newspapers say?
My house is small.
How big is your dog? Mine is small.
How many bedrooms does your house have?
My house has two bedrooms.
I have not understood anything.
I will explain to him until he understands.
I was expecting this.
Jobs are scarce.
Why did you leave your job on the farm?
I work at my friend's shop.
Tom doesn't like his work.
Why does Tom work at home?
Tom works at home.
I felt a deep pain.
Aki Yerushalayim is a cultural magazine written in Ladino.
The official language of Israel is Modern Hebrew.
Your dog is over there.
You can trust them.
You make me laugh a lot.
The freezer's in the garage.
Listen to your mother!
Finally, I've found her.
That English book is too difficult for me to read.
It's my picture, not yours.
Is this the reason why mom left dad?
Get down here!
I'm now watching Russia Today.
I watch the BBC.
No, I don't watch CNN.
Do you watch BBC or CNN?
This pear is green.
We have an orange tree.
Is this pear green?
This is a good time.
This is a very good time.
He is young.
She is young.
It is young.
They are bored.
This sentence does not belong to me.
Due to the lack of attendees, we have to postpone the general assembly.
Close all the doors and windows!
She thought that I was the doctor.
I will give you a call tomorrow night.
We invite you to listen to us again.
How much?
He saw the girl.
I like their house.
He's a gardener.
Whose jalousie is this?
The weather is cold.
The weather is stormy.
The weather is windy.
The weather is hot.
The weather is sunny.
The weather is cloudy.
The weather is foggy.
The weather is rainy.
The weather is snowy.
I live in Turkey.
The weather is good.
I love life.
This coffee is brown.
This is a good dictionary.
This dictionary is good.
Is this your dictionary?
Yes, this is my dictionary.
This dictionary is mine.
I want to live in Australia.
A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time.
We're working at the moment.
Do you like basketball?
I love you, Laurie.
American English isn't better than British English.
Whose son is Tom?
I said to Chad that you're in a position to influence people.
There are a lot of things that were unacceptable and can't continue to happen unless I make a stand and change it.
Would you open the window, please?
I love autumn.
I love summer.
These books are all mine.
Thank you for your attention.
You can't blame them.
I can't blame them.
You can't blame her.
You can't blame him.
I can't blame you.
I can't blame her.
I can't blame him.
Logic has no place here.
He was robbed of his youth.
She was robbed of her youth.
She has little contact with the children's father.
This will be on the test.
You can be anything you want.
It's 99.9% effective.
He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.
He's the cutest boy in town.
She's the cutest girl in town.
This is different.
He asked me to do it.
She asked me to do it.
I'm just calling to let you know I'll be late for the tomorrow dinner
Your father won't buy it.
Tom doesn't know the difference between wine and champagne.
You don't have a single reason to complain about anything.
That's what I wanted to ask.
Today is my little sister's birthday.
There's nothing more delicious than a seafood casserole.
We share a dream.
No one will change anything.
The bank is closed on Sunday.
I remember that I closed the door.
In contrast to many rumours, I don't know everything.
I closed the door so no one could hear us.
Graham Greene is my favourite writer.
Could you tell me how to delete this sentence?
I am very honored!
You speak Xhosa well.
Seventeen men on the dead man's chest, yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!
Do you drink green tea?
Pskov is in southern Russia.
Pskov is in the south of Russia.
I admit that I was wrong.
What's the air temperature today?
Tishrei is the first month of the Hebrew year.
It's as simple as two times two.
It's not worth worrying about it.
If she doesn't love you, what's the problem? You can love yourself.
Sorry for not answering your question. I didn't see it.
"I can't believe that they sleep together!" "Why not? It's perfectly normal to take a teddy bear to bed with you."
Cats don't like getting wet.
I think about it day and night.
I'd like to stay here a little longer.
If it gets boring, I will go home.
If it's fun, I will stay.
At what time are you leaving?
If it gets boring, I'll go home.
He plied her with alcohol until she was unable to resist his advances.
Cows spend hours just chewing their cud.
These new computers can crunch data faster than ever.
I've been way busier than expected.
Begin!
What's your favourite advert?
This clock is mine.
Really, I don't look at it that way.
And when the hourglass has run out, the hourglass of temporality, when the noise of secular life has grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end, when everything around you is still, as it is in eternity, then eternity asks you and every individual in these millions and millions about only one thing: whether you have lived in despair or not.
The media's the most powerful entity on Earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
It's important that you share your pain.
If I cared about all your criticism, I wouldn't be where I am.
Whoever thinks: "These days, everyone speaks English" or "The entire world speaks English" without asking what portion of the global population it is that speaks English, and how well they can speak it, is someone who does not want to see the reality in front of their eyes.
Can you keep the eggs outside the fridge?
I don't know if he was praying, but he stayed the entire morning in the church.
Laurie is tidying her room.
Did I touch a nerve?
I think I touched a nerve.
This country suffers from brain drain.
I'm very fortunate.
He's a law-abiding citizen.
She's a law-abiding citizen.
I find her intriguing.
I find him intriguing.
I find you intriguing.
That's just the way it is.
Are you interested in me?
Is she interested in me?
Is he interested in me?
This is infuriating.
That's not always the case.
This should be fun.
This is not a dating website.
Is this your idea of a good time?
What is your idea of a good time?
The principal presented the new teacher.
He is armed to the teeth.
She is armed to the teeth.
She leaves tonight, but she still haven't started packing up the bags.
Is something bothering you?
She has a new man in her life.
He has a new woman in his life.
She has fallen in love with me.
He has fallen in love with me.
They ate and drank wine.
Everybody needs one.
Don't be so impatient.
You can make your own.
It is what I would do.
It's what I would do.
It's shockingly inexpensive.
She drank straight from the bottle.
He drank straight from the bottle.
They spoke briefly.
We spoke briefly.
Let me deal with him.
Let me deal with her.
She cooked me dinner.
He cooked me dinner.
I cooked her dinner.
I cooked him dinner.
I'll rip your head off!
She'll rip my head off.
He'll rip my head off.
Tom is warm and generous.
He's self-employed.
She's self-employed.
Tom is open and trusting.
He's open and trusting.
She's open and trusting.
That's how it was.
Changes came quickly.
They know what's going on.
He knows what's going on.
She knows what's going on.
We should not have done that. It was wrong.
You should not have done that. It was wrong.
I should not have done that. It was wrong.
She was voted prom queen.
He was voted prom king.
Things happened very quickly.
He intrigues me.
She intrigues me.
It can't possibly work.
I was in the right place at the right time.
He was in the right place at the right time.
She was in the right place at the right time.
They were in the right place at the right time.
Everything went as planned.
She didn't win the prize, but she competed until the last moment and surprised everyone.
Jorge Luis Borges spoke English and Spanish since one of his grandmothers was an Englishwoman.
Eveyone had left, and he stayed there.
The leader ordered the troops to retreat.
I would give you the moon if I could.
Tom spoke to Mary from beyond.
You know it better than anyone else.
I am a nice, good-looking girl looking for the man of my life.
Sorry, good looking is not enough for me. Call me again when you will have grown beautiful.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk proclaimed the Turkish Republic in 1922.
I would like to say something.
I want to say something.
Was the soup tasty?
There is no situation that is without hope.
I didn't play tennis yesterday.
Yesterday I did not play tennis.
Don't hate something that you don't understand.
Do you know what this word's equivalent is?
She hummed a song.
I don't want to marry very early.
They are boiling water for tea.
Yesterday I put on a hat as it was very cold.
I donned a hat yesterday, because it was very cold.
My brother is two years older than me, but three centimeters shorter.
This is not my car.
My father loves everyone in the world.
I love my mother and she loves me.
I am your father.
Now I really started to talk nonsense.
When my interview was postponed until 3, I wandered around killing time.
The host carved the turkey for the guests.
The best don't always reap the rewards.
It's the best there is.
I have never known someone as hypocritical as you.
Not that much!
Our plane landed in Ankara late at night.
It could not be better.
The noise is going to wake the baby.
We've decided to move the meeting to next Sunday.
He's better than I.
He's never been better.
He can do better.
One's as bad as the other.
I did the best I could.
Have you seen anything down there?
There isn't anything down here.
There isn't anything down there.
What's going on up there?
What are they doing up there?
Did you break anything down there?
I didn't break anything down here.
I don't like to call it "the tricolor". I prefer the "French flag."
The "tricolor" isn't the only tricolor flag in the world.
He owns one cat and two dogs.
Are you down there?
He doesn't like any sport.
Everybody felt the earthquake, except me.
She doesn't like anyone.
Nobody likes her.
This is why nobody likes her.
Nobody can love him.
I go to work with my neighbor.
I like the new South African flag.
Nobody knows that I have bought a new car.
He bought a new car, but he didn't tell anyone about that.
He didn't come to work with his car.
He didn't want to park his new car on the street.
He said that he bought an old car.
She looks at me but I'm too shy to look at her.
Basically, it is the same thing.
In October, the leaves begin to fall.
It was very hard.
I have a different opinion.
Have you finished your question?
They are both very intelligent.
Now, let me answer your question, please.
Where did you buy this watermelon from?
Now I understand.
Now he has teeth and he can bite.
The eternal flame of love burned only half a year.
Where is the difference?
I want you to put down the magazines, the textbooks and everything else.
You've already had cake.
He is, more or less, my size.
We will be having some guests tonight.
In the evening, we will have some guests.
When did this happen?
Come taste!
What other option do I have?
I'm about to go to the cinema.
Success! This is the five-thousandth Klingon sentence on Tatoeba!
I need more examples to know how this word is used.
No need to translate this sentence. I understand it.
I am tired!
He's just buying time.
I translated all her sentences in Berber.
He has a meeting every Sunday afternoon.
I work on Sunday.
Did you buy juice?
When will you finish this translation?
Is Nady a boy or a girl?
Mary is very angry with her sister.
We had dinner at a restaurant with the manager.
Where does this word come from?
Miss Caifeng wants to teach me Chinese.
Next time I see this sentence, I will translate it.
A lot of people think that bats are birds.
A lot of people think that whales are fish.
If I read a thousand books in English, will I become fluent in it?
If I watch a thousand movies in English, will I become fluent in it?
How long should I live in England in order to become fluent in English?
Is it necessary to live in an English-speaking country in order to become fluent in English?
When I opened my eyes, I realized she was right by my side.
In case I don't survive, preserve my brain.
He has big problems.
I didn't feel very well, but I went to work anyway.
I will wait for you before school starts.
It costs around thirty Euros.
He is merely a child.
When did you pass the exam?
And now, it's my turn!
Their job is to shear the sheep.
Their job is to feed the cattle.
Their job is to wash the cars.
Their job is to wipe the tables.
Their job is to clean the garage.
Their job is to write articles.
Their job is to milk the cows.
Their job is to contact clients.
Their job is to make the king laugh.
Their job is to add examples to the dictionary.
Their job is to advise the president.
Their job is to confuse learners of the language.
Their job is to bake bread.
Their job is to bind books.
Their job is to build houses.
Their job is to bury dead animals.
Their job is to calculate salaries.
Their job is to call clients.
Their job is to make fake orders, in order to cause trouble for the rival company.
Their job is to buy fruit and vegetables.
Their job is to card the wool.
Their job is to check the security system.
Their job is to chop the wood.
Their job is to clear gardens.
Their job is to coat the walls with plaster.
Their job is to connect the computers to the network.
Their job is to cook for the soldiers.
Their job is to correct articles.
Their job is to cut the vegetables.
Laurie doesn't like Diet Cola.
Their job is to cut up the wood.
Their job is to do the dishes.
Their job is to download new softwares.
Their job is to draw plans.
Their job is to drive the limousines.
Their job is to dust the furniture.
When did you take the exam?
Their job is to fell the dead trees.
I'm OK with having just one friend.
Their job is to fry the potatoes.
The thing I hate most about him is that he boasts of having had good grades in school despite not studying.
Their job is to grill the meat.
Their job is to grow flowers.
Their job is to help old people.
I think that I'm not academically oriented.
Their job is to install new sotfwares on the company's computers.
Their job is to interrogate suspects.
Their job is to iron clothes.
I'm listening to a Harry Potter audio book with the Walkman I just bought.
I forgot to bring my book, so I'm free.
Their job is to do make-up for performing artists.
Their job is to mop the office.
Their job is to close the store.
Their job is to open the workshop.
Their job is to paint cars.
Their job is to organize exhibitions.
It was his decision.
It is his decision.
I've received the admission ticket for the exam, but I haven't decided yet if I will go. I haven't studied at all.
I bought many books in Classical Japanese and I'm studying them, but it's hard, isn't it?
Don't fall into her trap.
The girl wore a light blue kimono.
It's too risky.
Who doesn't want to be a millionaire?
Don't laugh.
There are things that women will never understand...
Actually, I have no intention to quit right now.
One male American student out of five said that he drank more than 10 drinks a day.
My mother is a lawyer.
Why don't we go somewhere together?
There's no entertainment in the countryside.
There's no entertainment for young people around here.
This program was brought to you by the sponsors here displayed.
Most of his friends are girls.
Most of her friends are boys.
I had the exact same feeling.
I'm super hungry.
I can talk to him for hours.
It's frustrating and confusing.
It was frustrating and confusing.
He's a junior employee.
She's a junior employee.
You can't handle the truth.
He can't handle the truth.
She can't handle the truth.
She had a perfect alibi.
Would you like to have some tea?
If you wanted to improve your Spanish, you shouldn't have come to Chile.
He wants something more.
She wants something more.
I want something more.
She said that she saw a suspicious man.
Are Osakans greedy?
This loaf of bread is big.
This loaf of bread is small.
Laurie ate the salad.
Laurie went to her favourite restaurant to eat.
Laurie went to London.
Laurie drank the cola.
This is Laurie's dictionary.
Laurie is going to the United Kingdom for vacation.
I fell in love with a matryoshka.
I live in Fiji.
Vanuatu is in Oceania.
She's Georgian.
He's Georgian.
No, Laurie isn't fat.
Laurie is slim.
Laurie is twenty years old.
Is Laurie fat?
Laurie is my girlfriend.
I love Laurie's hair.
I am fond of Australian food.
Most matryoshkas are wooden.
I'm Azerbaijani.
I'm Azeri.
I'm Icelandic.
I'm Turkish.
My son thinks that bats are reptiles because they're like pteranodons.
Graduating from university without studying is a victory, isn't it.
You must not give up.
I like things like horumonyaki!
I like grilled offals!
Would you like to eat some udon?
It is often said that Osaka is a city of commerce.
All the seats in this train are non-smoking.
I ate an Omurice.
I ate a Japanese rice omelette.
Please reconsider.
The patient has no pulse.
Don't be fooled by her appearance.
There are some people who think that they can't write a novel because they lack the vocabulary.
His house is small and moreover it's old.
Do you have some dango?
Lately, I haven't been able to see him, we just pass by each other.
We have one hour left until the train's departure, don't you want to drop by the bookstore?
Excuse me, can you make the sushi without wasabi?
I must be getting tired. I feel sleepy as soon as I finish eating supper.
Wow, I saw a car painted with anime characters for real. I think it's the first time.
My mother has been taking French lessons for several years.
This is a heartwarming movie.
What's that thing? I have absolutely no idea.
I don't smoke or drink. I just do pills.
I'm sorry. I will be 10 minutes late.
Have you ever wanted to make a comment, but posted it as a translation by mistake?
You should call the police.
The girls' conversation had no end.
Tom has passed away.
I am full of doubt.
He would rather go by train than by plane.
She would rather go by train than by plane.
February has only 28 days.
My daughter was in a light blue dress.
I prefer oranges to apples.
Jessie is my most attractive friend.
He is not so much a translator as a poet.
The German energy reform is unaffordable.
Could you possibly translate this for me?
What's the meaning of life?
I'm finished with you.
You're back again.
I don't know if I should stay or run.
"Where is my watch?" "It's in your drawer."
"Where are my shoes?" "They are under the bed."
"Where is my satchel?" "It's on the chair."
"Where are my keys?" "They are in my handbag."
"Where is my sandwich?" "It's in the kitchen."
"Where is my car?" "It's in the garage."
"Where is my book?" "It's in the classroom."
"Where is my wife?" "She is in jail."
"Where is my classroom?" "It's on the third floor."
"Where is my phone?" "It's on my desk."
To unsubscribe, click here.
The killer could have been stopped.
I yearn for victory.
How do you call this vegetable in English?
He lived alone in the countryside.
April is the cruellest month.
The majority of mankind is lazy-minded, incurious, absorbed in vanities, and tepid in emotion, and is therefore incapable of either much doubt or much faith; and when the ordinary man calls himself a sceptic or an unbeliever, that is ordinarily a simple pose, cloaking a disinclination to think anything out to a conclusion.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each. I do not think that they will sing to me.
Someone said: "The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did." Precisely, and they are that which we know.
The bad poet is usually unconscious where he ought to be conscious, and conscious where he ought to be unconscious.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality.
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
Grishkin is nice: her russian eye is underlined for emphasis; uncorseted, her friendly bust gives promise of pneumatic bliss.
This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper.
Prophesy to the wind, to the wind only for only the wind will listen.
It will do you no harm to find yourself ridiculous. Resign yourself to be the fool you are.
But you cannot understand. How could you understand what it is to feel old?
The one thing to do is to do nothing. Wait.
What is hell? Hell is oneself.
Half the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important.
Disillusion can become itself an illusion if we rest in it.
No, a dango is not a mochi.
Tom and Mary both have very few friends.
Your view of existence is different from mine.
Tom thinks that all Asians look the same.
It's an unpopular idea.
It's a popular idea.
People keep saying that she's beautiful, but really, she isn't.
People keep saying that he's beautiful, but really, he isn't.
He parties too much.
She parties too much.
I party too much.
You party too much.
He parties too hard.
She parties too hard.
You party too hard.
You are such a liar!
She married a hotshot lawyer from New York.
He doesn't have a computer.
All the passengers died, but he survived.
She doesn't have a computer.
I don't have a computer.
I hope you have a good time!
I'm a total wreck.
You're a total wreck.
She's a total wreck.
He's a total wreck.
He lied to his parents.
She lied to her parents.
I lied to my parents.
Did you lie to your parents?
She's cute and fun.
I really like her.
I really like him.
I don't really like her.
I don't really like him.
It's an excellent solution.
I have to go back to the office.
I want to get married, just not to you.
Why do you want to do this?
He declined to comment.
She declined to comment.
No one believed me.
No one believed him.
No one believed her.
No one believes him.
No one believes her.
No one believes me.
No one will believe him.
No one will believe her.
No one will believe them.
No one will believe you.
No one will believe us.
No one will believe me.
As far as I'm concerned, English is not easy.
He's brave and honest.
She's brave and honest.
He stayed at a nice hotel.
She stayed at a nice hotel.
I stayed at a nice hotel.
We stayed at a nice hotel.
He stayed at a cheap hotel.
She stayed at a cheap hotel.
I stayed at a cheap hotel.
We stayed at a cheap hotel.
I wear designer clothes myself.
She wears designer clothes.
You should thank me.
He should thank me.
She should thank me.
They should thank me.
He didn't want to talk about it further.
She didn't want to talk about it further.
I don't want to talk about it further.
I didn't know you had a girlfriend.
I didn't know you had a boyfriend.
I didn't know you had a cat.
Don't try to pull a fast one on me!
He tried to pull a fast one on me.
She tried to pull a fast one on me.
No one cares.
Pompeii is crumbling.
Thieves plundered the museum.
This archaeological site was damaged during the war.
Looters stole ancient artifacts from the tomb.
He was wearing nothing but his underwear.
She was wearing nothing but her underwear.
I know very little about her.
I know very little about him.
Tom was my great-great-great-grandfather.
The situation is critical.
There's a lot to do.
He works at a tattoo parlor.
She works at a tattoo parlor.
Tom's father was diagnosed with a brain tumor last year.
Is it true that in Spain there's a statue of Hernán Cortez stepping on the severed head of an indian?
Bring it back when you're done.
Have you got your ID with you?
He's busier than Taro.
A ship of dreams landed in a nightmare.
He asked me to write him a love letter in Arabic.
Does your sister live there?
Does your sister work there?
Does your sister study there?
Does your sister teach there?
I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.
I have just returned from a pleasant vacation at the seaside.
He studied Banking in London.
Wipe your nose.
I am employed as a librarian in an academic library.
He loves writing articles for Wikipedia.
He loves writing entries for Wikipedia.
What a tasty cake!
The seminar participants intend on exchanging experiences and in doing so learn from each other.
He hit me in the face.
She is always young.
Do not beat around the bush; we have a problem, don't we?
Is it possible that a 22 year old girl never had erotic dreams?
You did not call Marie.
Can you come and help me do this exercise? I have been pulling my hair out for two hours and I am still stuck.
You are so cute.
Are you criticized by your boss?
I cannot think any other way.
Excuse me, what is the name of this place?
Who wrote the book?
Did you find that on the internet?
Here, snow falls in large flakes.
East is a wispy matter.
An ancient bronze mirror studded with glass beads was discovered in the tomb looted by the robbers centuries ago.
He is not young.
How to say this sentence in your language?
Let's translate this sentence in all the languages of the world.
Not a single sentence has been translated in all the languages of the world.
He stretched his arms and welcomed us.
He is no longer young.
The threat was inexorably close.
We ran out of the building.
He ran away from her.
It's a timed competition.
We visited the hippodrome. We visited the horse racecourse.
She loves to run.
He knows many people.
She still hasn't got used to the mobile telephone.
At what time do you eat breakfast?
Miss Pizza and Mr Porridge were walking in the woods.
I slept from ten in the evening.
That whiskey is very strong.
He is arriving from Genoa.
This whisky is very strong.
This is an extremely important correction.
I corrected the sentence after almost one month without response.
Yeah, show us your t... ranslations...
That text is open-minded.
They did an unimaginable job.
All of a sudden, I realized I must learn Polish.
The young man is often foolhardy.
Consideration is very necessary.
Willingness to correct is a sign of wisdom.
Willingness to correct is an indication of wisdom.
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.
She has just graduated from college.
He has just graduated from college.
He's a well-known television personality.
He has four mobile phones.
He has only six months to live.
She has only six months to live.
I saw the movie.
Do you want to see my translations?
You have a really foul mouth!
Has Europe lost its soul?
The political leaders of Europe come together to try to save the euro, and with it the very project of European Union.
The market never reaches stable equilibrium.
The market tends to undermine the very values that gave rise to it.
What will it profit Europe if it gains the whole world yet loses its soul? Europe is in danger of losing its soul.
The history of the relationship between the Catholic Church and the Jews was not always a happy or an easy one. Too often it was written in tears.
Capitalism tends to erode the moral foundations on which it was built.
Capitalism might be the best means we know of for generating wealth, but it is not a perfect system for distributing wealth.
There is a wise American saying: Never waste a crisis. And the current financial and economic crisis affords us a rare opportunity to pause and reflect on where we have been going and where it leads.
She is only six months old.
He is only six months old.
You need to reboot your computer.
With whom did you go?
I don't like myself.
There will he find an Egmont and an Orange, the brave warriors of Emperor Charles, as wise in council as they are formidable in the field.
He is able to reproduce the original in its best and most trustworthy translation.
Deluded by the imprudent language of my looks, she surrendered to the sweet belief that she was the idol of these looks.
Twelve to fifteen years ago, there lived in the town, in a private home on the main street, a clerk, Gromov — a trustworthy and wealthy man.
He was indeed very stubborn but, on the other hand, trustworthy.
He is considered trustworthy.
He became a very trustworthy man.
In general, she is a trustworthy person.
Human intervention in nature has no limits.
Wine is the most reliable guidepost, since it advertises the joy, the sincere gaiety, the happiness to come.
This website is not a trustworthy source for research.
Did Tom really kill himself?
Did Tom kill himself?
I didn't know that Mary was Tom's mother.
Is Mary Tom's mother?
Why didn't you tell me that Mary was Tom's mother?
A ship's captain must remain observant that a reliable buoy be attached to each anchor by a sturdy rope, so that one could find and raise the anchor if its anchor-cable were to be shorn apart, were to fall into the sea or were to be hewn apart.
Does Tom know that Mary is his mother?
There are still a lot of things I don't know about Tom.
Reliable functioning is a basic condition for public presentation of a new product.
Tell me about your job.
What do you want to know about my job?
Is your job dangerous?
Do you treat farm animals?
Have you ever been bitten by a dog?
Prayer is a means of turning oneself towards a Deity.
The flowers will soon blossom.
I'll soon tell you whether 23 is a magic number.
I think that I soon will go to sleep.
Here is a trustworthy human being.
When science shall have described all that is knowable in the universe, then God will be complete, if we take the word God as synonymous with the totality of existence.
Utilizing an ephemeris, an astronomer can calculate lunar phases and the times of rising and setting of the sun and of the moon all around the world and for any day of the year.
If the student had known his lesson better, the teacher would not have punished him.
Is this word known in your dialect?
My uncle is the only person who uses this word.
He didn't want to answer my question.
What was she doing in his room?
"How is the weather?" — "It's cold outside." — "Yes, and it's starting to rain."
What are you going to do in Japan?
I have never heard about a city called Nara. Where is it situated?
Is there a panda in this zoo?
Where I was yesterday is not your business.
I can't close this door. It's broken.
I knew that the bill would be rejected.
She thinks she is the most beautiful girl in the classroom.
Guess who I am.
I can see him but he cannot see me.
Berber is not as difficult as Icelandic.
Why do humans fear monsters? They are the worst monsters in the world!
In American movies, the black guy always dies first.
I can't watch this film, there is too much violence in it.
Don't let the kids watch this film.
Some Asian films are very difficult to understand.
Why are you cursing?
Why are you running?
Why are you spitting?
Why are you brushing your teeth?
Why are you touching your ear?
Why are you writing with a pencil?
Why are you speaking in French?
Why are you tearing this book?
Why are you biring your hand?
Why are you miming Mary?
Why are you making faces?
Why are you dancing?
Why are you singing?
Why are you waiting outside?
Why are you using this old computer?
Why are you preparing the table?
Why are you memorizing this poem?
Why are you looking at Mary?
Why are you calling Tom names?
Why are you packing up?
Why are you screaming?!
Why are you shouting at my mother?!
Why are you beating my mother?!
Why are you closing the store?
Why are you translating this article?
Why are you adding sentences to this website?
Why are you folding my clothes?
Why are you talking about money?
Why are you reading this novel?
Why are you playing with my racket?
Why are you jumping?
Why are you watching this clip?
Why are you drinking Mary's juice?
Why are you checking Mary's mailbox?
Why are you annoying your sister?
Why are you arguing with the manager?
Why are you burning these pictures?
Why are you crumbling this bread?
Why are you brushing your hair?
Why are you building a wall here?
Why are you burying these books?
Why are you calling the police?
Why are you carding the wool?
Why are you changing your clothes?
Why are you undressing?
Why are you dressing the kids?
Why are you dressing?
Why are you chopping the wood?
Why are you cutting up the meat?
Why are you cleaning the office?
Did you move there with your parents?
Did you move there by yourself?
Do your parents still live in Germany?
There are many lakes in the area where you live.
Do you go fishing on the lakes?
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
I have it on good authority that the president will not seek reelection.
She wants to be a tennis player when she grows up.
What would you like to be when you grow up?
There is nothing to apologize for.
Why are you stuttering?
Why are you sneezing?
Why are you climbing this tree?
Why are you clearing the garden?
Why are you coating this wall with lime?
Why are you cooking? It's too early.
Why are you correcting this text?
Why are you crossing the street?
Why are you cutting the fruits?
Why are you hiding behind the door?
Why are you doing your homework at this time?
Why are you doing the dishes? Let Tom do them.
Why are you doing shopping here? Everything is expensive.
Why are you downloading this music?
Our friendship is beyond those little misunderstandings.
Why are you tickling Mary?
Why are you drawing flowers?
Why are you driving Tom's car?
I forgot to bring warm clothes.
He forgot to bring clothes.
She forgot to bring her swimsuit.
He works in a call center.
She works in a call center.
It's because you're an idiot.
It's open to negotiation.
He must be dead.
She must be dead.
They must be dead.
It's kind of creepy.
This is one of the most bizarre things I've ever seen.
You must be mistaken.
You must move quickly.
We must move quickly.
I was forced to resign.
He was forced to resign.
She was forced to resign.
He's afraid of cats.
Stay down!
Get your ass in the car, now!
I politely corrected him.
She politely corrected me.
He politely corrected me.
I politely corrected her.
Yes, someone actually said that.
Competition is good.
Yes, he actually said that.
Yes, she actually said that.
I must warn him.
I must warn her.
I must warn them.
We must warn them.
We must warn her.
We must warn him.
There's not much you can do about it.
We're short on time.
I am paid weekly.
They both like sports.
It's a normal phenomenon.
He has a large staff working for him.
She has a large staff working for her.
She will have no choice but to accept.
He will have no choice but to accept.
I had no choice but to accept.
Shut up or I'll give you a fat lip!
It's a good start.
It won't be a problem.
He lived a long life.
Is anyone surprised?
This is not a good idea.
Don't touch anything.
Gambling is illegal.
He's a speed freak.
We're leaving.
These are my friends.
He has no idea what he's doing.
She has no idea what she's doing.
It's a trick.
We're running out of time.
He looks bored.
She looks bored.
He sounds disappointed.
She sounds disappointed.
They sound disappointed.
You sound disappointed.
She sounded disappointed.
He sounded disappointed.
Why do you think that?
You have been warned.
Use your instincts.
Trust your gut.
I understand your concern.
Vegemite is a popular Australian foodstuff.
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millenia.
Kangaroo tail soup is known as an Australian dish, because kangaroos are found in Australia.
To tell you the truth, I was not pleased with the book.
I'm afraid my child may be taking drugs.
You've got licence to speak frankly.
He killed the mood last time with his jokes.
New York is proud of its museums.
His pictures are on display in various European and American museums.
I bought a guidebook for the museums of Florence.
In the Dutch city of Maastricht there must be 53 churches; at times, some of them are used as stores, bars or museums.
They say that traditional Vietnamese feasts are living museums.
Do you add new sentences to Tatoeba?
Do you anger your parents?
Do you annoy your brothers?
Do you answer personal questions?
Do you apply some ointment on this wound?
Do you argue with your wife?
Do you ask your friends to lend you money?
Do you bake cakes in this oven?
Do you envy your neighbors?
Do you bet on horses?
Do you bind books?
Do you borrow books from this library?
Do you burn dead leaves in your backyard?
Do you break your glasses?
The sky is a pedestal for stars.
Hi, the blue sky!
Tom and Mary were looking for the unknown sentence and were wondering who was its author.
Through this sentence, the author was making it known to Tom and Mary that their destiny was escaping him, as he didn't understand the deep meaning of his own sentences.
The destiny of Tom and Mary ceaselessly haunted the author, weighed down by his own powerlessness to assume it.
Tom was asserting, judging by the verb in front of him, that the sentence was past tense, while Mary, seeing the gerundive under her eyes, was swearing it was a present.
Rephrasing is a collective art at Tatoeba.
The lotus has not just a flower but also a fruit.
"Do you want to know how he did it?" "I'm all ears."
Angela didn't sleep a wink that night.
Now we have to be very careful.
The worse the baddie, the better the film.
He fell, so I had to take him to the ER.
Do you plan on moving?
The tower stood among ruins.
Instead of complaining that we do not have all that we want, we should be thankful not to receive all that we deserve.
If you mix all three colors, you will get black.
Wind the clock.
Hello Miss!
In the egg yolk, there are more proteins than in egg whites.
Finally, I found the answer to your question.
Oslo is the capital of Norway.
Money is his God.
The sky cleared up.
He is a smart little guy.
He's done it in the past.
Do you still believe in this kind of stories?
When I was in England, I used to swear much.
Every time I meet him, I swear at him.
How do you want to be polite with people like him?
Can you translate this song for me?
I am tired of listening to Tom.
Translate every line of this text.
Don't smoke here.
If you want to leave, then leave now!
I don't need you anymore.
Everybody! Everybody, please! Thank you for coming.
Now, please, leave ... leave me alone!
I need to be alone to think.
I love my wife, but I sometimes need to be alone.
Will these wounds heal?
What pains you, pains me too.
I like when my friends translate my sentences.
Are there people whose mother tongue is Esperanto?
Do you want your wife to speak Esperanto?
Have you ever heard someone speaking in Esperanto?
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
I like it when my friends translate my sentences.
Whenever the people are well informed, they can be trusted with their own government; that whenever things get so far wrong as to attract their notice, they may be relied on to set them to rights.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, it expects what never was and never will be.
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it a second and third time, till at length it becomes habitual; he tells lies without attending to it, and truths without the world's believing him.
Cultivators of the earth are the most valuable citizens.
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
I had rather be shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.
The moral sense, or conscience, is as much a part of man as his leg or arm. It is given to all human beings in a stronger or weaker degree, as force of members is given them in a greater or less degree. It may be strengthened by exercise, as may any particular limb of the body.
It's a pity I didn't wait for your reply before I added the sentences.
Pity I didn't wait for your reply before I added the sentences.
You will find these articles everywhere.
I think that this was not a wise decision.
The one who wrote, read twice.
He was trying to convince me to invest in that business.
The car is not illegally parked.
It doesn't sound too hard.
It doesn't look too hard.
Sometimes I feel like saying, "To hell with it all."
We walked up stairs.
They walked upstairs.
Excuse me if I call you an asshole, but that's what I think you are.
We don't have much in common.
You're in grave danger.
He's in grave danger.
She's in grave danger.
The suspect is a black male.
The suspect is a caucasian female.
It's true that Americans love pizza.
The company's share price has fallen.
I rescued you.
I rescued him.
I rescued her.
I rescued the cat.
He's a pescetarian.
She's a pescetarian.
We're here to protect you.
I'm here to protect you.
He's here to protect you.
She's here to protect you.
He comes from a small but wealthy town.
She comes from a small but wealthy town.
He was thrown behind bars.
She was thrown behind bars.
He is a jealous man.
She's a jealous woman.
What took you so long?
It's perfectly legal.
It's a shortcut.
If something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
She has a nice rack.
That's a nice rack of pork chops.
A rack of lamb makes a great meal.
They were motivated by revenge.
The moon is bright.
Do you know what they're called?
Do you know what it's called?
She still has much to learn.
He still has much to learn.
It was quite pleasant.
If you show me your tongue, I might show you mine.
You said it yourself.
I beg you to help me.
I beg you to help us.
It's time-consuming.
She has no children.
I'm not sure I'm ready.
He's not sure he's ready.
She's not sure she's ready.
I'm in charge here.
That's why I'm here.
Everything's under control.
It makes me feel uncomfortable.
I can neither confirm nor deny this.
Nuclear power is safe.
I've never heard of him.
I've never heard of her.
She's a socialite.
I hate myself.
She hates herself.
He hates himself.
Yes, master.
Yes, mistress.
Nothing is as simple as it seems.
It was so hot that I thought I was going to pass out.
Let me help you with that.
He owes me a lot of money.
She owes me a lot of money.
He was an athlete in high school.
She was an athlete in high school.
We have a lot to talk about.
I won't be long.
It goes both ways.
I think you're jealous.
He thinks I'm jealous.
She thinks I'm jealous.
It wouldn't hurt.
It couldn't hurt.
It's all your fault.
He had a crush on her.
She had a crush on him.
This is nothing.
He's your friend.
She's your friend.
This is a mistake.
She's wet.
He's wet.
I'm wet.
The cat is wet.
He spoke highly of you.
She spoke highly of you.
I don't believe you.
I thought I was going to die.
I am in charge here.
I'm so confused.
This book is written in a rather simple English and is thus convenient to beginners.
He's rich, though unfriendly.
Go, go, go!
The kitten slept soundly.
How do I use chopsticks?
A gentle breeze blew through the field.
The bee flew to the flower and drank the nectar.
I'm sorry, but I have forgotten your name.
Like a lion attacking its prey, the kitten jumped on its toy.
I cry every time I watch this movie.
The bird sang in the tree.
When I was young, I would play near that river.
Last week my grandmother turned 81 years old.
Do you have plans for next week?
How did you learn German?
Why did you learn German?
Where did you learn German?
Who taught you German?
Who teaches you German?
Who can help you to learn German?
How long do you need to learn German?
Why did Karima want to learn German?
Did she plan to go to Germany?
Did her husband study or work in Germany?
Where are you going to learn German?
There are not many people who speak German in my country.
In my country, it's difficult to learn German.
Did Klaus accept to teach you German?
Do you have any books in German?
They said that these books were stolen from a library.
I can translate only short sentences in German.
I don't know very well German syntax.
If these books were stolen, then don't give them to me.
Are your German books good?
I have a comic book in German.
She brought me many novels in German.
I asked Mary to send me books to learn German.
My friends encouraged me to learn German.
I don't know a word in German.
When should the three of us meet again? In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
They never say anything about their family.
What do you need German for?
Do you want to study in Germany?
Do you want to work in Germany?
Do you want to live in Germany?
Do you want to bring your family to Germany?
Do you want to buy a house in Germany?
How long do you intend to stay in Germany?
What man is that with blood all over him? From the looks of him, he can tell us the latest news of the revolt.
Do you have any family member who knows German?
Does your wife know German?
Do your children know German?
I want to speak in German with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I think that German syntax is difficult.
If you want to learn German, then come to my college.
I will introduce you some friends who study German.
Is German pronunciation difficult?
German is not as difficult as Icelandic.
Many of my friends preferred to study German instead of Spanish.
Spanish is much easier than German.
It is not walls that protect men but men that protect walls.
The teacher of German looked like a German woman.
Has our teacher been to Germany?
Do you want to go to Germany with me?
I have to go to the mosque.
I will try to translate more sentences into German.
Speak, if you can; what are you?
Come on, who would believe that crap?
Thank you, Captain Obvious.
Your privacy is a joke.
Love is terrified of everything that is not itself.
I want to be Chateaubriand or nothing.
The woman is the most perfect of creatures; she's a transitory creature between man and angel.
The learned man knows that there are things which he doesn't know.
She liked the ball too much, that's what killed her.
For a book to sell well, there needs to be a pretty girl on the cover, and the book will sell all the better, the less cover there is on the pretty girl.
The memory of youth is sweet in the heart of old men.
Every writer, in order to write clearly, must put himself in his reader's shoes.
It's profound ignorance that inspires the dogmatic tone of speaking.
The tone of dogmatism is inspired by profound ignorance.
Profound ignorance is what is behind a dogmatic tone.
It is life that teaches us, not school.
The only secret that women can keep is the one they don't know about.
A dwarf may stand on a mountain, but it will not make him tall.
Sophie's finger was bleeding so badly, that blood was dripping on the ground.
What's the name of the film which you like the most?
What's the name of your favourite film?
'Hayastan' is Armenia's name in Armenian.
Armenian is an Indo-European language.
Why did you want to go to Armenia?
Are there a lot of foreigners in Armenia?
Do you have any books about Armenia?
When will you go to Armenia?
Do you remember the earthquake that struck Armenia in 1988?
We don't hear much news about Armenia.
Are there many tourists in Armenia?
Show me your pictures in Armenia.
There is no sea in Armenia.
Is Armenia a member of the European Union?
They arrived just in time for the last train.
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results.
There are still people who don't know how to read.
There are still people who are unable to read.
Multiply three by five to get fifteen.
I'm eating here.
Tell me a story from beginning to end.
Don't forget to change the flag. This is Berber, not German.
It's better to write like this.
We will eventually meet today.
I don't cry.
I have no feelings.
I trained with the paratroopers.
I trained with the special forces.
My military instructor was a guy of the special forces.
I know how to use every kind of weapons.
I don't know what fear is.
I can pilot a helicopter.
I can live in a jungle for months.
I can eat insects.
I can hide everywhere.
I can speak many African languages.
I know how to find my way in a jungle.
I can walk day and night.
I am trained to fight in the mountain.
In order to join the special forces you got to be tall and strong, very strong.
I can walk for a week under the rain.
I can sleep on a tree.
I don't need a rope to do this job.
I know where to find water.
I hear some strange sounds in the woods.
I don't think about the strange sounds you might hear in the woods.
I can eat anything.
If you have no food, you got to eat roots and insects in order to survive.
Don't believe everything you hear about the special forces.
Rambo doesn't exist.
It's just a myth that Rambo can defeat an army alone.
They work at night.
They are more active at night.
There are a lot of myths about the special forces.
Do you want to join the special forces?
Are you sure you want to join the special forces?
I don't want my son to join the special forces.
If you join the special forces, my father won't talk to you anymore.
If you join the special forces, you will not be my son anymore.
Who said he wanted to join the special forces?
Who wants to join the special forces?
I don't think you'll make it in the special forces.
They are not interested in other languages.
They are interested only in their little language.
They think their language is the most beautiful in the world.
What's the most beautiful language in the world?
Is it true that there are beautiful and ugly languages?
They say that their language is the most beautiful in the world.
All the languages of the world are beautiful.
All the languages of the world are rich.
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings.
I am not talking about myself.
I want to meet some Native Americans.
I want to visit a Native American reservation.
Can you speak any Native American language?
I want to see Native Americans in Brazil.
I want to visit the Amazon forest just to see Native Americans.
I want to live in a Native American reservation.
I want to help Native Americans to preserve their languages.
I want to help Native Americans to save their languages from extinction.
I don't see how you can still be a Native American if you have lost your language and culture.
I met a Native American from Arizona, but he didn't speak a word of his native language.
Did you see any Native Americans in Canada?
I attended a big Native American festival in Florida.
Do Native Americans still speak in their languages when they meet in festivals?
What's the future of Native American languages in the United States?
You can see a lot of Native Americans in Alaska.
Take this book. It's about Peru's Native Americans.
Most Native Americans in Mexico speak Spanish.
"Lida, do you consider that Native Americans are your ancestors?" "Yes, of course I do!"
Lida learnt a Native American language and she teaches it to Native American children.
Lida lived for many years in a small Native American village in eastern Nicaragua.
Nicaraguan Native Americans call other Nicaraguans 'the Spanish.'
There are very few Native Americans in Managua.
Why don't Nicaraguan Native Americans come to Managua?
Managua has a Native American name, and yet, there are almost no Native Americans there.
What did you do with the Native Americans?
Many Native American communities need doctors and teachers.
I really like working with people.
I love working with people.
I very much like working with people.
People are people through other people.
A person is a person through other people.
And yet it moves!
This behoves historians to never take any of its statements at their face value.
We go to the cemetery.
While you drive, you should focus on the road.
Let us not forget, dear brother, that man cannot be separated from himself.
Do you want to be my servant and follow me?
Sometimes, he appeared suddenly behind Emma, bare-headed.
He was thinking of these three young men, his oldest playmates, with whom he had once played cops and robbers.
They both seemed to be crying out inside: "how beautiful is he".
Sooner or later, bankruptcy hangs over our heads and we will all die penniless like beggars.
"Why are there beings at all, and not rather nothing? That is the question." At least, that is the question that Martin Heidegger poses us.
I want death to find me planting my cabbages, but caring little for it, and even less for my imperfect garden.
An old hag of 50 years made me lustful propositions; she wanted to kiss me.
The only real science is the knowledge of facts.
The researchers trained monkeys to play a video game.
I went to the nearby library to find some books on the subject.
Julia kisses her daughter.
We need to view this in its entirety.
She really is a miserable girl.
He has skilled hands.
The chair needs to be repaired.
We're going to travel along the river until the sea.
Fear drives him, he plucks up courage and throws himself into the roaring waves; his powerful arms cut through the flow, and his God feels pity.
They finally made peace with the enemy.
He left after me.
I wrote my first sentence in German.
I can't see you.
I don't know why.
My father doesn't like football.
I don't know what I want.
I want to learn German with my friends.
Going by your lack of response, you don't agree with my answer.
Only my mother understands me.
It is not always best to predict the future.
Everyone agrees with them.
She doesn't speak English.
Oh, Maria! If I had known before, I wouldn't have fallen in love with you.
There are still people who cannot read.
There are still people who are illiterate.
There was someone sitting on a bench reading a book there.
When asking him if it was interesting, he showed a gentle smile and affirmed that there is no such thing as something interesting.
As he walked away, his figure gradually became dim under the snow.
The weather is very hot.
At this rate, it's a matter of time before I get caught.
We had a visitor when you were taking a shower.
The cup fell to the ground, shattering to pieces.
Eva climbed the stairs to Romer's office, trying to analyse the complex smell in the stairwell - a cross between mushrooms and soot, ancient stour and mildew, she decided.
In the moment I thought I had a bad feeling, suddenly everything went black.
Have you ever heard of Lucia Popp, who was a Slovakian opera singer?
There are probably few young people that like opera.
How many people do you think live in Thailand?
May averting Zeus make good his title here, in Cadmus' hold!
I'm going to write a sentence in German.
I'll write a sentence in German.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
I am reading this sentence.
I am about to write a sentence in German.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Where is Algeria situated?
You are learning Arabic.
I am learning Swedish and German.
Algeria is my country.
Algeria is situated in North Africa.
I am reading this letter.
I am counting in German.
I am writing this letter to my wife.
I am writing a song in German.
I write short sentences in Swedish.
I want a book in Swedish.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
Wenjin is a Chinese woman.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
I'm writing a song in German.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
All art is quite useless.
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
An excellent man: he has no enemies, and none of his friends like him.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
That is completely useless.
I feel that Tatoeba has become a very warm and cozy place for us language lovers; especially for all those of us who can grasp and learn languages relatively easily and quickly.
How often do I have to tell you?
We need to care for our planet.
Pfirsichbaeumchen is from Germany.
Tom is a good man through and through.
Tell me; who is this young man?
I keep getting lost in thought about that.
As time passed, the radioactivity diminished.
The traffic warden was extremely rude.
I have a home.
You ate an apple, yay!
I present to you my step-daughter.
I am happy that you are my friend.
Oy, why do you hit me?!
Go far away and for a long time!
You're happy, what have you been doing all this long time until now?
You saw the dog that belonged to the man I was flirting with.
I'm trying to become an expert in using axes.
The sea was full of boats.
Work is not a rabbit - it will stop, but not run away.
But we'll definitely manage. No problem.
His words don't match his actions.
He's playing a dangerous game.
I need to work.
"The Green Starman" is an original film in Esperanto about an alien who visits a married couple on Earth and takes them back to his planet.
With my dictionary I can translate anything!
I don't care about economics.
He's a fully independent young man.
The researchers have created kittens that can glow in the dark.
Only take it if your hand's clean.
It can't be stressed how important it is to wake up early.
The newspaper is free.
All I said was it's better than my boobs!
My dad doesn't let me go to the cinema alone.
People bothered me so much that I couldn't finish my work.
Keep an eye on the boys; they're mischievous.
I bet Uncle Alfred'll come back.
They sue companies that sell MP3 players without paying them.
Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Arguments are to be avoided: they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her own daughter, she is perfectly satisfied.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
Biography lends to death a new terror.
By giving us the opinions of the uneducated, journalism keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
Charity creates a multitude of sins.
Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away.
Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
My friend Marcelo writes in Latin.
My friend Amastan often writes about his friends on Tatoeba.
This man is incompetent.
He is incompetent.
She is incompetent.
Did she ask you to spy on me?
Did he ask you to spy on me?
Don't ask me to do that.
Don't ask me to do this.
Our fate is in your hands.
My fate is in your hands.
This is just the beginning.
Tom, I'm pregnant.
Individual liberty is the essence of democracy.
Individual freedom is the foundation of democracy.
Yup, it seems like even the doctor was about to throw the towel.
The whole city is covered with snow.
She is drop dead beautiful.
Don't ever hook up with bad guys.
I'm waiting for her.
All day long today I have been waiting impatiently for you.
The curtains are fluttering in the wind.
Is there life on Mars? If not, was it there before?
She works at the bank.
I lost my hat on the bus.
What is your favorite song?
Mark Twain was an American novelist.
Jane Austen was a British writer.
Charlie Chaplin was a British actor.
Edith Piaf was a French singer.
Simone Signoret was a French actress.
I don't like to use Google Translator.
Charlotte Brontë was a British novelist.
Frank Sinatra was an American singer.
Vincent van Gogh was a Dutch painter.
Frida Kahlo was a Mexican painter.
Trygve Lie was a Norwegian diplomat.
Edward Sapir was an American linguist.
William Shakespeare was an English playwright.
James Cook was a British explorer.
Louis Armstrong was an American musician.
Christiaan Barnard was a South African doctor.
Little Peach Tree is from Germany.
Stanley Kubrick was an American film director.
Jesse Owens was an American sportsman.
Friedrich Nietzsche was a German philosopher.
Muhammad Ali was an American boxer.
Mohamed Dib is an Algerian author.
Assia Djebar is an Algerian author.
Sarah Bernhardt was a French stage actress.
Vaslav Nijinsky was a Russian dancer.
Le Corbusier was a French architect.
Salvador Dalí was a Spanish artist.
David Hilbert is a German mathematician.
It's what I am.
Are you going to leave?
I am yours and you are mine.
I am hers and she is mine.
Where are the guards?
Is this a riddle?
Where are my dragons?
Are you afraid of a little girl?
How did he find us?
How did you kill the guards?
There are too many enemies in the south.
You are the only one who can protect them.
That sounds like something you would do.
You are the moon of my life.
If this is a dream, I will kill the man who wakes me up.
They want to be with you.
This is not my home.
Let them fight.
We are the Watchers on the Wall.
Burn the body.
The dragons are born in the fire.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
Everything popular is wrong.
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being.
I can do that for him, you can't.
I added new sentences.
I add new examples.
I will add new words to my dictionary.
I didn't add this sentence.
I don't add sentences in Japanese.
I will not add sentences in Russian.
We add new examples to Tatoeba.
How marriage ruins a man! It is as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive.
We added hundreds of sentences.
We will add new names to our list.
We didn't add pictures to our album.
We don't add articles to our blog.
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.
We will not add more pictures to our magazine.
I am adding salt to my food.
I am not adding pictures to my website.
We are adding new proverbs to the dictionary.
We are not adding examples in Chinese.
I liked to add sentences in Spanish.
I like to add pictures to my album.
We liked to add new members to our group.
We like to add new friends on Facebook.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly.
I didn't like to add Mary's pictures to my album.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about its use. It is hitting below the intellect.
I don't like to add wrong examples to Tatoeba.
We didn't like to add this kind of jokes to our website.
We don't like to add shocking pictures to our website.
I must add water to the radiator.
I mustn't add oil to this engine.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
We must add yeast to this dough.
We mustn't add wood to this fire.
I can add sugar to this coffee.
I cannot add milk to this tea.
We can add milk to this coffee.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
We cannot add flour to this sauce.
I needed to add water to my aquarium.
I need to add money to my account.
We needed to add information about our products.
I didn't need to add salt to my soup.
I don't need to add these books to my library.
We need to add shelves to our store.
We don't need to add details to our story.
We didn't need to add flowers to the car to make it beautiful.
I will need to add new dictionaries to the library.
I will not need to add texts manually.
We will need to add texts for children.
We will not need to add artificial substances to our food.
I want to add new languages to my resumé.
I wanted to add Mary as a friend on Facebook.
I didn't want to add this hoodlum as a friend on Twitter.
I don't want to add trouble to Tom.
I accepted to add Mary as a member of the club.
I didn't accept to add comic books to the school library.
You added sentences in extinct languages.
Do you write in Arabic?
Can I add this sentence to Tatoeba?
Is your car fast?
Are we acquaintances?
Is my Esperanto sentence correct?
Is my sentence in Esperanto correct?
For an English speaker every comma is to be avoided.
I changed the flag.
My brother was hurt in the accident.
I don't even have time for reading.
Marie took the wrong train.
Somewhen I was like that.
Kabul is Afghanistan's capital city.
The capital city of Albania is called Tirana.
Algeria is Africa's largest country.
Andorra is a small principality situated between Spain and France.
Angola's official language is Portuguese.
Antigua and Barbuda is an independent country.
Argentina is the second largest country in South America.
Armenia joined the World Trade Organization in 2003.
Australia is not a republic.
Austria is situated in Central Europe.
Azerbaijan is the largest country in the Caucasus area.
The Bahamas became independent in 1973.
Bahrain became a kingdom in 2002.
Bangladesh fought a war against Pakistan in 1971.
Barbados is a member of the Commonwealth.
I am in pain.
Where do you stay?
The pain is unbearable.
I will do whatever you ask.
How do you intend to fix this?
We need to add information about our products.
Germany has no minimum wage.
Love is blinding you.
You are blinded by love.
He is blinded by love.
She is blinded by love.
We like to add new members to our group.
We add hundreds of sentences.
Some Germans work for only one euro an hour.
We didn't add articles to our blog.
We don't add pictures to our album.
It's popular with students.
It's popular with women.
We added new examples to Tatoeba.
Change is important.
Tom took Friday off.
I love three-day weekends.
I can't live without him.
I can't live without my cat.
He is a harsh critic.
She's a harsh critic.
I'm extremely happy.
She's extremely happy.
He's extremely happy.
The cat seems extremely happy.
This is an unusual situation.
Our country has a rich history.
This carpet is beautiful.
You are entitled to your opinion.
They cannot be saved.
He cannot be saved.
She cannot be saved.
It can be frustrating.
What has she done?
What has he done?
Tom's favorite movie is Brokeback Mountain.
It was only a dream.
Why is she so popular?
Why is he so popular?
You are the chosen one.
He is the chosen one.
She is the chosen one.
I am the chosen one.
I loved you.
I can't explain what happened.
She can't explain what happened.
He can't explain what happened.
Is he all right?
Is the cat all right?
He's all right.
She's all right.
I'm all right.
Take a seat.
How can this be possible?
When was the last time you saw him?
When was the last time you saw her?
When was the last time you saw the cat?
It's crawling with spiders.
My bedroom is crawling with spiders.
The room is crawling with spiders.
He was buried alive.
She was buried alive.
The cat was not buried alive. He survived.
May I see your invitation please?
The children are safe.
The cats are safe.
The cat is safe.
Treat him well.
Treat her well.
Please treat the cat well.
He's angry at the world.
She's angry at the world.
I must know the truth.
I must know the truth about him.
I must know the truth about her.
Are you a criminal?
I want your love.
Tom loves pizza and French fries.
You're going to regret this.
I'm going to regret this.
She's going to regret this.
He's going to regret this.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
Not now, please wait a bit.
Don't repeat the same mistake!
Can I speak with you?
Employ the employable.
He enters the office.
A man who knows two languages is worth two men.
What do you think about your boss's plan?
From next week onwards Jane will take responsibility for our students.
You are adding new names to the list, aren't you?
I don't like to use Google's auto-translation, but I do use it for comparison.
We must be cautious.
You must be cautious.
There are too many of them.
He is in excellent physical condition.
She is in excellent physical condition.
This is where the fun begins.
I did it for you.
I did it for her.
I did it for him.
Sorry about the mess.
Better him than me.
Better her than me.
She's rich.
He's rich.
Where could they be?
Where could she be?
Where could he be?
Where could the cat be?
She's a powerful witch.
He's a powerful sorcerer.
We feared the worst.
I feared the worst.
He is always a little irritable in the morning.
Where are you guys from?
Betty murdered him.
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam.
New people, new laws.
It is said that Peng Zu was the grandson of a celestial emperor.
Please don't cry again.
I'm helping people to buy things online.
I ate curry yesterday.
We have the same problem.
Two times two is four.
Next week I have things to do except on Monday and Wednesday, I am free on all the other days though.
What time will you get back? I'll treat you to a meal.
I am going to France in Summer this Year.
He is the richest man in town.
I don't even know whether it's Tatoeba.org or .net or .com.
The main selling point of Esperanto is that it puts everybody on an equal playing field.
I imagined that brilliant people disappeared to some secret place.
I only wish I were part of it.
Lord! I object.
Has it arrived?
Has she come?
Has he come?
I like persons better than principles, and I like persons with no principles better than anything else in the world.
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
I suppose society is wonderfully delightful. To be in it is merely a bore. But to be out of it is simply a tragedy.
I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
If there was less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
If you pretend to be good, the world takes you very seriously. If you pretend to be bad, it doesn't. Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
In all matters of opinion, our adversaries are insane.
In America the President reigns for four years, and Journalism governs forever and ever.
In America the young are always ready to give to those who are older than themselves the full benefits of their inexperience.
In married life three is company and two none.
They are spreading love with muddy hands.
Spread love with muddy hands.
Non-members pay 50 dollars more.
I am so hungry and lunch is not ready.
I am still waiting for him since that day.
It is been so long time i didn't eat Uttcu (An Amazigh food).
Tomorrow I am going to the countryside by my car.
Sorry for any mistakes.
I hope you had a good holiday.
I hope you're having a good holiday.
I think that Esperanto is a difficult language.
That time he had a lot of money.
My lunch was an apple and pears and pomegranate.
In my village there are about 8 olive presses.
My village is called At Mmεan.
On summer I go to the sea, on winter I go to the mountain.
I know how to play Tiddas (an Amazigh anicent game).
Today I did not eat as I feel so sick.
The Naxi language is spoken in China.
Ifaw forgot his bag in the shop.
He stayed alone.
The man jumps across the stream.
Sex is any man's favorite, most enjoyed hobby.
Do you want to drink tea or coffee?
The train is here.
Are you sleepy yet?
He's interested in Mayan prophecies.
She's interested in ancient Mayan prophecies.
Monopolies are bad.
The situation is under control.
She's a jewelry designer.
You need a keycard to open the door.
I met her at a dinner party.
He feels hurt.
She feels hurt.
No proof was ever found.
What have they done to you?
What has he done to you?
What has she done to you?
What have you done to her?
What have you done to him?
The ship was scuttled last year.
I love California.
This is outrageous.
There is something I must know.
There is something you must know.
They live in constant fear.
They're in the science lab.
It's settled then.
He worked long into the night.
She worked long into the night.
I can smell the ocean.
It's more trouble than it's worth.
What a great idea!
He fell in love with a younger woman.
She fell in love with an older man.
That way!
I am very sorry for what I said.
They took a big risk.
He took a big risk.
She took a big risk.
My cats will love this.
My cat will love this.
The prophecy came true.
The student raised his hand.
The student raised her hand.
I've never had problems before.
She can't be trusted.
Is there anyone who can speak Chinese here?
She's really quick.
He's really quick.
The dogs died inside the hot vehicle.
I know!
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.
To be is to do.
The city sleeps.
I like chinese food.
I don't die.
I won't die.
I'm not dead.
The man watches me.
I like this mammal.
I want to get drunk.
Hit this crag!
Stay calm and sharpen pitchforks.
A pound was five dollars.
Don't threaten me. I won't say anything.
Learn, my brothers, think and read.
He roars and groans the Dnieper wide.
Fight – you'll overcome!
Fight and over-struggle!
In own hut – there's own truth, own power, own will.
On our, but not own land.
Learn that of foreigners, but don't flee your own.
Do you happen to know the time?
Do you happen to know what time it is?
We have what we have.
We are all women when we're in love.
Egoism is the prime cause of cancer of soul.
Every Olympus has a byroad to its top.
Beauty is the reason of life.
The world chased me, but never caught.
What's the use of sight if one lacks taste?
The seeds of evil deeds are evil thoughts.
The Moon is cossacks' Sun.
Where's a ravine, there's a cossack.
Where's a cossack, there's a glory.
She's smoking hot.
Is it cruel to declaw your cat?
Tom doesn't like being criticized.
They fought until the end.
He fought until the end.
She fought until the end.
It did not end well.
He lives in a posh apartment near Central Park.
I have no regrets.
What shall we do?
Your lives will be spared.
Your lives will be spared if you surrender.
He has a point.
She has a point.
It won't be easy.
He'll be back soon.
She'll be back soon.
She is a psychic.
He is a psychic.
My sister is also my best friend.
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
All his teeth were sound.
Land Rovers are the least reliable cars in the world.
A sane mind is in a sound body.
He died and his soul went to hell.
My mother is a kind soul.
I am still alone.
This is not an emergency issue.
What is negative right and positive right?
I hear your childish laughter.
Tom has been in Boston for a week now.
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.
When did you interrupt your summer vacation?
This will pass.
We will prove that P is a partially ordered set.
Maria showed us their home.
Maria showed us her villa.
Truth is brighter than the Sun, but it is sought with a candle.
Ukraine's glory has not yet perished, neither her freedom.
Coming soon.
Long live the chaos!
Cats are nocturnal creatures.
Cats are nocturnal animals.
I'm not a scientist.
Reading books will make you smarter.
He's stupid and irrational.
She does all the cooking.
How the hell should I know?
Mary helps her mom cook.
He was raised by his grandparents.
Tom looks almost identical to him.
That would be unfair.
This article is not peer-reviewed.
Milk is obtained from cows.
Stealing is wrong.
The jury found that Samsung had infringed upon Apple's patents.
It's not a secret.
There is nothing you have to be ashamed of.
My words are like a mirror; if a jackass read them, then don't expect he'd see an angel's face.
These happy slaves are the most furious enemies of freedom.
He was alone at the time.
Boil the water.
Out of all four seasons, I like spring the best.
The room originally had no furniture.
Even if one is to "believe", there is still a "lie" in the midst.
The floor must be kept clean.
Apart from English, he speaks German.
What should be done?
She does not have a ticket.
I will lend you this dictionary.
He does not like being punished.
There yet?
Is the one standing at the window really your manager?
Just do the essential repairs, please.
It's lucky to be a man.
Never underestimate a man's determination to be free.
You actually did that to yourself.
If it is not true it is very well invented.
Nature is the only book that offers important content on every page.
Nobody is interested in my country.
Nobody talks about my country.
Nobody was interested in my country then.
Nobody talked about my country.
Nobody mentioned my country.
Nobody mentions my country.
Nobody knows my country.
Nobody knows what's going on in my country.
Nobody knew what was going on in my country.
Nobody heard about my country.
Nobody hears about my country.
Nobody likes my country.
Nobody liked my country.
Nobody visited my country.
Nobody visits my country.
Nobody goes to my country.
Nobody went to my country.
Nobody came to my country.
Nobody comes to my country.
Nobody invested in my country.
Nobody invests in my country.
Nobody thinks about my country.
Nobody thought about my country.
Nobody works in my country.
Nobody worked in my country.
Nobody remembers my country.
Nobody remembered my country.
Nobody supports my country.
Nobody supported my country.
Nobody praised my country.
Nobody praises my country.
Nobody insulted my country.
Nobody insults my country.
Nobody asked questions about my country.
Nobody asks me questions about my country.
Nobody wanted to visit my country.
Nobody wants to visit my country.
Nobody studies in my country.
Nobody studied in my country.
Nobody studied my country.
Nobody studies my country.
Nobody reads about my country.
Nobody read about my country.
Nobody wanted to talk about my country.
Nobody wants to talk about my country.
Nobody defends my country.
Nobody defended my country.
Nobody wants to mention my country.
Nobody wanted to mention my country.
Nobody wanted to live in my country.
Nobody wants to live in my country.
Nobody stayed in my country.
Nobody stays in my country.
Nobody wants to know my country.
Nobody wanted to know my country.
Nobody wants to buy a house in my country.
Nobody wanted to buy a house in my country.
Nobody is rich in my country.
Nobody was rich in my country.
Nobody had Internet in my country.
Nobody has Internet in my country.
Nobody wanted to be poor in my country.
Nobody wants to be poor in my country.
I bought this house as an investment.
Nobody wanted to come to my country.
Nobody wants to come to my country.
Nobody wants to go to my country.
Nobody wanted to go to my country.
Nobody wants to invest in my country.
Nobody wanted to invest in my country.
Nobody wants to work in my country.
Nobody wanted to work in my country.
Nobody was attracted by my country.
Nobody is attracted by my country.
Nobody wants to remember my country.
Nobody wanted to remember my country.
Nobody wanted to say something about my country.
Nobody wants to say something about my country.
Nobody forgot my country.
Nobody forgets my country.
Nobody wanted to support my country.
Nobody wants to support my country.
Nobody wants to praise my country.
Nobody wanted to praise my country.
Nobody criticized my country.
Nobody criticizes my country.
Nobody wanted to criticize my country.
Nobody wants to criticize my country.
Nobody hates my country.
Nobody hated my country.
Nobody wants to hate my country.
Nobody wanted to hate my country.
Nobody wants to forget my country.
Nobody wanted to forget my country.
Nobody respects my country.
Nobody respected my country.
Nobody trusts my country.
Nobody trusted my country.
Nobody believed in my country.
Nobody believes in my country.
Nobody wanted to trust my country.
Nobody wants to trust my country.
Nobody wants to insult my country.
Nobody wanted to insult my country.
Nobody wanted to buy land in my country.
It's a steal.
It's a tremendous deal.
He's a Chinese-American.
Tom bought a counterfeit watch.
We wish you a pleasant stay!
The same holds true for Tom.
The same holds true for Germany.
This is your fate.
This is my fate.
This is so unfair.
It's really not that hard.
Declawing cats is forbidden in the European Union.
It won't take much longer.
I can't stop watching.
I'll give you a hand.
I'll give her a hand.
The kids jumped on the trampoline.
It could be a trap.
Angela Merkel is in favor of austerity.
All I want is your love.
All I want is your cat.
We need you.
She needs you.
He needs you.
He was impressed.
She was impressed.
They were not impressed.
The cat was not impressed.
Stop following me.
What's all this noise?
That's the sixty-four thousand dollar question.
What does she want?
What does the cat want?
I can't believe this is happening.
Love is a comedy in France, a tragedy in England, an opera in Italy, and a melodrama in Germany.
People in other countries often say that the Japanese are not religious enough.
This is my son's CD.
I am studying Chinese and Spanish.
Everyone has the right to be stupid. Some people just abuse that privilege.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain.
It can't be faulted.
What you are saying can't be faulted.
My brother went to Bejaia.
Your logic can't be faulted.
What you're saying is completely true.
This is the second article in the series about plugin infrastructures.
Which part of the tour are you doing?
All her friends live in England.
He is watching TV in his room.
The cow is grazing in the field.
The dog is sleeping in the car.
The cat is running in the garden.
The pigeon is cooing in the balcony.
The student is reading at the library.
The boy is washing in the bathroom.
The girl is jumping on the bed.
The teacher is writing in his office.
The repairman is working in the corridor.
The mason is having lunch in his truck.
The manager is having his breakfast at a café.
The gardener is burning dead leaves in the backyard.
I am writing a novel.
I wrote a beautiful story.
I write letters to my friends.
I will write a book about that.
I didn't write that letter.
I am not writing an article.
I don't write things like these.
I will not write a letter in English.
I have to write an SMS.
I had to write his name and his phone number.
I can write my name in Chinese.
I cannot write this text by hand.
Did you write your name?
Are you writing the proverbs?
Do you write love letters?
Will you write a small text about that?
Did I write my address?
Am I writing in Japanese?
Do I write good articles?
Will I write a book in Polish?
Can I write with this pen?
I was writing a long letter.
I wasn't writing anything.
I will have to write a letter to explain this.
I liked to write in Chinese.
I couldn't write a single word.
I could write even poetry in Arabic.
I like to write short paragraphs.
I don't like to write numbers.
I still like to write in Esperanto.
Have you ever written a letter to Mary?
The bed costs 120 euros!
I have never written a play.
I have just written an SMS to Tom.
I will never write a letter to Mary.
What did you write yesterday?
What have you just written?
What did I write in the introduction?
Those are my legs!
What have I just written?
What was I writing this morning?
What am I writing now?
What do I write?
What will I write next year?
Why did I write all those letters?
Why was I writing that letter?
Why am I writing this SMS?
Why do I write only novels?
Why will I write a letter to apologize?
When did I write this article?
When was I writing a letter?
When do I write poetry?
When will I write a good play?
How did you write your name in Arabic?
How am I writing without a pen?
How do I write quickly?
How will I write without a computer?
Where did you write this letter?
Where were you writing?
Where are you writing the answers?
Where do you write your novels?
Where will you write your next novel?
Who wrote this tale?
Who was writing on the wall?
Who is writing these comments?
Who writes letters nowadays?
Who will write the report?
Why didn't you write your phone number?
Why weren't you writing the exercises?
Why am I not writing in English?
Do you have a motto?
Why don't I write in Russian?
Why will I not write in Chinese?
What didn't I write?
I wonder why I didn't write my name.
Who didn't write his name?
Who wasn't writing the lesson?
Who isn't writing the text?
Who doesn't write love letters?
Who will not write an essay?
I forgot to write my family name.
I forget to write my date of birth.
I will not forget to write to my mother.
I preferred to write in English.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
I prefer to write short sentences.
I still prefer to write letters by hand.
I hated to write with a fountain pen.
I hate to write big numbers.
I still forget to write my address.
I don't forget to write the zip code.
I didn't forget to write the prices.
I didn't like to write official letters.
I accepted to write that letter.
I didn't accept to write my name.
I accept to write the report.
I don't accept to write this kind of letters.
I will accept to write the report.
I will not write an apology letter.
Did I accept to write this?
How did I accept to write something like this?
Why did I accept to write this letter?
Why do I accept to write letters?
Why did I forget to write the fax number?
Why do I forget to write the zip code?
Why will I forget to write to my family?
What did I forget to write?
What do I forget to write?
What will I forget to write?
Did I forget to write the date?
In the kickoff article of this series, I defined some fundamental concepts we can use when talking about plugins.
What did you hate to write at school?
What do you hate to write in a letter?
Why did I hate to write essays?
I also showed an example of a simple but complete plugin system for an application, all written in Python.
But see, Python has the unfortunate habit of making everything look too easy. To really show the guts of a plugin infrastructure, we’ll switch to C.
C is the perfect "other extreme" to Python. It’s the most low level of the mainstream programming languages, and almost universally serves as glue between other languages and systems.
Understanding how plugins may work in C will help us understand how to implement cross-language plugins in the future.
He had a bad day.
I’ve re-implemented the htmlize program from the previous article entirely in C, including a plugin mechanism and the same two sample plugins.
The full code is far too large to fit in an article; you can download it along with a Makefile for Linux from here.
Plugins in C are almost always implemented as DSOs (Dynamic Shared Objects, aka. shared libraries, or DLLs on Windows).
What follows is a detailed examination of how each concept is implemented in this example.
In my implementation this directory’s location is relative to the working directory, but it could be anywhere, really.
The story doesn’t end here, however. To register itself with the application, a valid plugin is expected to have an initialization function which the application will call.
The init function is expected to return a non-negative value if everything is OK.
Do you want a strawberry? Here, take the one that pleases you most.
Read the article.
Your updates are the best!
I am also unemployed.
We had to postpone the meeting due to the traffic accident.
Thank you for your concern about my mother and father.
They were happy when I told them.
An economic crisis will hit at the end of the year.
I'm fixing the washing machine.
Breathe in, breathe out.
I must know.
Something's wrong here.
He begged for his life.
She begged for her life.
I will deal with him myself.
I will deal with her myself.
I will deal with them myself.
You are no longer welcome here.
He is no longer welcome here.
She is no longer welcome here.
Someone's coming.
Somebody's coming.
She's coming.
He's coming.
We got separated.
Do you want something to eat?
I don't like it when you do that.
I don't like it when she does that.
I don't like it when he does that.
He must be very happy.
I hope she's all right.
I hope he's all right.
She wrote a novel about vampires.
Many consumer reviews on Amazon are fake.
Why are you asking me this?
I'm glad she liked it.
I'm glad he liked it.
I lost my keys.
My cousin is already four years old.
You cannot live without water.
He has two women in his life.
I entered a coffee shop.
Is it hard to learn Esperanto?
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.
It is those who want to do important things that are free.
I'm adding the last touch.
It took exactly an hour.
On the whole they had really good luck.
Why do you want to learn this language?
All I found are pictures of you.
I called her Cathy.
The scene is always the same.
My situation was embarrassing enough, so I preferred not to make it more complicated.
I'm anxious by nature.
I am anxious by nature.
Sport means health.
He is very smart and yet not arrogant.
Tom has a black bruise on his right leg.
I listened to the top 10 songs of the eighties.
You really married that whore.
Do you want to eat anything?
He drives a Lotus.
Cobbler, keep to thy last!
Knowing is power.
He can even play the drums.
She can even play the drums.
Did she become so terrible?
How much is that all together?
He married a local girl.
She married a local boy.
May the blessings of God be upon you.
May the blessings of God rest upon you.
Tom is a reputable and a trustworthy person.
Ivory Coast is the world's biggest cocoa producer.
It's a classic Nigerian 419 scam.
We must do something.
This rich man is greedy.
Tom and Mary made money through hard work.
He became rich through hard work.
She became rich through hard work.
What if you're wrong?
What if they're wrong?
What if she's wrong?
What if he's wrong?
He's checking his cellphone.
She's checking her cellphone.
I prefer not to talk about it.
He prefers not to talk about it.
She prefers not to talk about it.
A thief believes everybody steals.
He wants to spend time with his son.
He wants to spend time with his daughter.
She wants to spend time with her son.
She wants to spend time with her daughter.
I hate computers.
This is a farce.
Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are.
We have no alternatives.
It's right up your alley.
Something isn't right.
How did you do this?
How did he do this?
How did she do this?
How does he do this?
How does she do this?
How do you do this?
He didn't understand the concept of differential equations.
He had a rough childhood.
She had a rough childhood.
Let him talk.
Let her talk.
Let me talk.
Now that you are an authentic consumist, you can start thinking about how will you pay it back to society.
Those were ten minutes I'll never get back.
They made me come here.
Nobody forced you to help me.
I'm only doing it because I'm forced to.
Our lives are in your hands.
My life is in your hands.
She worries about her weight.
You worry about your weight too much.
He lacks confidence.
She lacks confidence.
I lack confidence.
You must not only vote, you have an obligation to.
I won't make you do anything you don't want to.
Would you authorize me to record this conversation?
Speaking of adventures, here comes your wife.
I'm the last sane man in the world.
As the days passed by, we began to understand the seriousness of the matter.
As the days passed by, we began to understand what kind of problem we had got into.
I just realized those are much more pages that I have thought.
I just realized it's much more work that I have thought.
I can't send you all the files at the same time.
My fight is being happy in a world where nobody wants me to.
Nobody wants you to be happy.
Am I going too fast?
You're going too fast.
Don't be scared.
Tom is healthy and fit.
She's healthy and fit.
I love kids.
I don't like kids.
He drives me crazy.
She drives me crazy.
Your cat is driving me crazy.
People are dying.
I am loving Tatoeba despite all its imperfections.
Does it show?
I am game!
I am game for anything!
You can count me out on that!
When he was 14, he started to plant strawberries.
Money can't buy life.
Everything he says is correct.
Speak!
That’s not possible right now. Please wait a bit.
Do you know the creator?
He wrote a book about birds.
Are you able to close the door?
Can you buy something to eat inside?
He can't tell the good from the bad.
Stop talking with each other and listen!
Can you speak Klingon?
They always mock others.
If I forget, please remind me.
She is not afraid to die.
He is not afraid to die.
How long will it take by plane?
That party was great, Dude.
The first time he met his friend was when he was bathing in the sea.
Hi, Father.
Love has no color!
After hearing the news, she cheered up.
The youngest siblings are in general the most beautiful ones.
It's stealing.
Why would you think that?
This kid is wearing shorts.
Man is something sacred for man.
The young student refused to sing the Marseillaise.
Afghanistan is at war.
Albania wants to join the European Union.
Algeria has borders with seven countries.
Catalan is spoken in Andorra.
My son made a small bear out of pipe cleaners.
Angola became independent in 1975.
Antigua and Barbuda is a former British colony.
I like the smell of fresh bread.
Argentina fought a war with Great Britain over the Falkland Islands.
Armenia is a mountainous country.
Many strange animals live in Australia.
I have brought here only my clothes and my horse.
Austria is a member of the European Union.
I want to come, too.
This is a set expression.
I don't think I want that.
Life does not repeat its gifts.
He has two sisters. Both of them live in Kyoto.
My sister went to Italy to study.
This little girl is my sister's friend.
How is the first song called?
Maybe I drank too much.
Repetition is the mother of learning.
This is my sister's camera.
This man loves my sister.
That man loves my sister.
That is my sister.
My sister is three years old.
Are you waiting for the bus?
Her sister lives in Scotland.
Pedro has no sisters.
Her sister is not going to America.
Destroy what destroys you.
We all want you to be happy.
The video has been removed.
Come and I'll show you who I am.
Come if you are a man.
Come and I'll show you what I do to frogs like you.
I wanted to share with you a new application that I'm using to create a memory book for my grandfather who recently passed away.
You wanna fight?
When the flight crew has their aircraft under control, everything is working normally and yet it still crashes into the ground, that's a "Controlled Flight Into Terrain".
I don't know that sector.
What can I do without my friends?
I still can't believe they had a snow leopard in that zoo. I thought they were an endangered species.
The shark seized him by the leg.
"If any of you survive this fatal night and return to Jamaica tell the admiral that I was in search of the pirate when this lamentable occurrence took place; tell him I hope I have always done my duty, and that I-."
Not every truth is fit to be told.
Not all truths should be spoken.
Look, look at that shark, which has followed us all night - why it is only waiting for you to get into the water to swallow you.
The fatigue had nearly exhausted him, and the sharks only waited for the first quiet moment to swallow their victim.
Have you written a book?
In the act of offering up his last prayer ere he made up his mind to float and be eaten, he saw a man look over the quarter of the brig : he raised both his hands ; he jumped himself up in the water, and, by the singularity of his motions fortunately attracted notice.
He is not only partial to robbing his victim, but he delights in the shedding of blood, and in the exercise of cruelty.
Did you move to Venice yet?
My mother said we look like sisters in all of our pics!
I completely disagree with this.
Please, for the love of mankind, learn your language.
If you would like, why don't we meet?
I was happy for him.
I was happy for her.
We're waiting for the right time.
This is Tom's dirty little secret.
This is her dirty little secret.
I have found your dirty little secret.
I have a loving family.
She has a loving family.
He had a loving family.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
It wasn't me.
It wasn't me. It was the cat.
It wasn't me. It's him!
It wasn't her.
It wasn't him.
I will never forget this.
That's my boy.
That's my girl.
He's rich and powerful.
You are not more stupid because you don't get up earlier.
I'm not angry!
Who wants to go first?
This is out of control.
I ate a turkey sandwich.
I made myself a turkey sandwich.
Tom gave an apple to the teacher.
He gives an apple to the teacher every day.
No child should go hungry.
Just look at him.
He is well-liked.
She is well-liked by all.
She likes money.
He likes money.
I am thy father’s spirit; doom’d for a certain term to walk the night, and, for the day, confin’d to waste in fires till the foul crimes done in my days of nature are burnt and purg’d away.
How much farther is it?
How much farther?
He never asked me.
She never asked me.
This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath, may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
And what love can do, that dares love attempt.
It's exactly as I expected.
The children are playing outside.
The village has no electricity.
It's not a fair fight.
I don't know if he can come tonight.
The library is wrapped in almost complete silence.
She is completely absorbed in a book.
The patient is in a state of profound stupor.
You have met some friends.
I didn't mean to startle you.
Since then, you were in a state of stupor for two months.
This tea is very nice.
Look!
First the immigrants, next you. Our solidarity - is the answer to social cannibalism.
There are many children in the park.
Now, I'll show you what I know to do.
I trained with elite soldiers.
It was a very hard training.
Is it true that they eat human flesh?
They know how hell looks like.
Training with them is not a game.
When I tell you 'jump', you jump!
It was the first time I boarded a helicopter.
Do you consider yourself as a dangerous guy?
Before I joined the army, I was a doctor.
Hi John! How are you?
I don't want to take that risk.
Is that you?
"But what's the contents like?" - "Your tents? You want to go camping?" - "No, I'm asking if you liked the book. Is it interesting and would you recommend it? Is it, after all, a book worth reading and, here's my last question: Should I read it?" - "Sorry, what did you say? I couldn't hear, because this book is simply too interesting."
The inland revenue’s Special Investigations unit considers all monies in the Swiss accounts to consist of undeclared income.
In our fight against drug abuse we shall be committing a serious mistake if we begin to admit that it is a 'lost war' and that, for hypocritically economically-based questions, it is not worthwhile investing enough money to deal with the size of this scourge.
I know his true name and where he lives.
I know what he does and what he tells other people to do.
I know all his friends and what he tells them to do.
I know how to tell a duck from a goose.
I know what his aims are.
I know what he told his friends about me.
I know that he didn't say good things about me.
I know that he set them all against me.
I know what he's intending to do.
I knew his intentions right at the beginning.
I know that he was looking for something, but I didn't know what it was.
Now I know what he's looking for.
But he will never ever find it.
I don't have what he's looking for.
I can't help him to find what he's looking for.
I know him but he doesn't know me.
I have observed him for many months.
He knows how to play with words.
He knows how to play with people's lives.
But this is not going to work with me.
If he thinks he's the smartest, then there are people much smarter than him.
He thought he was smart, but he didn't realize that he fell in my trap.
He thinks that he's the only one who knows how to set traps.
He was right to keep silent.
When is your passport valid until?
After I have had time to give some thought to the matter, I will call you.
The tiger growled loudly!
This is Pierrot's sister.
That is Pierrot's sister.
Students in some European countries are more politically aware than those in the UK.
Are we allowed to use the lift?
He loves her for her beauty.
He loves him for his beauty.
Which university are you studying at?
Few people know how to use an enemy's weapon against him.
Anything he does, it makes no difference for me.
Is it a joke?
Probably he does that already.
These sentences are strange.
He's talking in a strange way.
Now, he's hiding like a mouse.
I told you he was a coward.
He thinks that I don't know what he did.
He thinks that I don't know what he said.
He thinks that I don't know what he said about me.
I'm not a wizard, but I know what everybody says about me.
He doesn't read any more books.
I have ears and eyes where nobody has them.
Isn't it good to have friends?
Why aren't you answering?
For the sharks, we saw them, not by units, nor by tens, nor by hundreds; but by thousands and by myriads. Trust me, there are more sharks in the sea than mortals on land.
To begin. There is the ordinary Brown Shark, or sea-attorney, so called by sailors.
In the wild wilderness, a leopard mother caresses her cub, as Hagar did Ishmael; or a queen of France the dauphin.
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks, but for some reason they do not seem to be.
Humor is out of place in a dictionary.
When in Sydney, I went one Sunday morning to bathe. I was accompanied by a friend who had just arrived from the South Sea Islands. He was very timid, and clung to the rock, never going beyond a few yards from it, and instantly returning. Upon rallying him, he confessed his great dread of sharks.
He had not swum more than a few yards before one of the skulking ground sharks had him fast by the upper part of the thigh.
The day was very hot; and when at a turn of the road, he found himself on the very verge of the cool blue water, no wonder he felt inclined to bathe.
The agonized spectators gazed on, unable in the least to aid their unfortunate companions, who were being torn to pieces before their eyes.
God has been very kind to the shark.
The white shark frequently attains, in the tropical seas, the length of more than 30 feet.
We promised, in our last article, to illustrate the formidable powers of the white shark, by relating a fearful struggle between this animal and a human being.
He thought he perceived the black fin of a shark swimming near the surface of the water.
The quarter master was standing on deck, contemplating the scene of tranquillity around him : the blue waters seemed to invite him to a refreshing bath, and he was soon undressed; and, mounting on the barricade, plunged into the sea.
Sharks have been seen from the rigging - it is not safe to bathe any longer; - be quick, get into the boat.
At which university are you studying?
His sisters are both beautiful.
This was his first voyage as captain.
Our young captain was a very handsome man, tall and perfectly formed.
The brightest passenger in the ship, and the most interesting and felicitous talker, was a young Canadian who was not able to let the whisky bottle alone.
I love my grandfather's anecdotes.
Tatoeba tells me to go screw myself.
Tatoeba is insulting me!
We're not alone.
Temperatures will get lower.
Yes, I agree with you. It's also that.
Just look at her.
The Russian Ballet was surreal!
This is my new tricycle.
He's cunning and manipulative.
She's manipulative.
This is the real world.
It's the portrait of misery.
They are living in misery.
Give your thoughts some space!
We are making progress.
I feel like I'm making progress.
He's making progress.
She's making progress.
We've got company.
She doesn't look happy to see me.
He doesn't look happy to see me.
They don't look happy to see me.
He doesn't look happy to see us.
She doesn't look happy to see us.
They don't look happy to see us.
The cat doesn't look happy to see us.
Oh, no!
We have to warn him.
We have to warn her.
We have to warn them.
I have to warn him.
I have to warn her.
I have to warn them.
The feeling is mutual.
The barbarians raped and pillaged our city.
Is it important?
He loves toys.
She loves toys.
My cat loves toys.
My cat loves catnip.
This is risky and dangerous.
I'm still young.
She shook my hand.
What's up, dude?
Scorpions are dangerous.
He's on the dance floor.
This is so stupid.
You are so stupid.
He's so stupid.
She's so stupid.
That dog is so stupid.
We are still way early before this is all over.
He was scared to do it.
She was scared to do it.
They were scared to do it.
Where did you go for spring break?
It will soon be September.
The leaves will soon begin to fall.
You have to do it again.
I have to do it again.
Opinion is something wherein I go about to give reason why all the world should think as I think.
Which way is the train station?
Is there a post office nearby?
Where can I buy envelopes?
Mary is studying in her room now.
Oh my God! There is no objection in your kingdom.
Whose dictionary is it on the table?
The shop is opposite the bank.
The food is ready.
Quick!
There is a test tomorrow.
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.
When I was in college, I could forget to bring my music player or my camera and still be ok. These days, if I forget my smartphone, I'm screwed!
I have to repeat it.
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his way.
It isn't because I don't want you to laugh at me, rather it is because I'd like to laugh at you.
If I do this, will it be viewed by others in a negative way?
I just keep finding excuses.
Mary's sentences are clear and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are short and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are correct and easy to understand.
Mary's sentences can be used to learn English.
Mary's sentences can be used in exercises.
Tom's sentences are very long.
Tom's sentences are very difficult to understand and translate.
Tom's sentences are very ambiguous.
An ambiguous sentence is very difficult to translate.
I knew there was something wrong in this sentence.
I knew they would say something about this sentence.
What's wrong with my sentences?
In order to fix something, you have to know what's wrong with it.
How do you want me to fix this phone without knowing what's wrong with it?
Your sentences are too difficult to translate.
She probably knew who I was.
If she knows it's me who sent her the present, she's not going to accept it.
You have translated all the sentences.
Leave us some sentences to translate.
How can I lose weight?
Art is a serious thing.
How can I gain weight?
He wants to know how he can lose weight.
He wants to know how he can gain weight.
She wants to know how she can lose weight.
She wants to know how she can gain weight.
How can I lose weight safely?
He wants to know how he can lose weight safely.
She wants to know how to lose weight safely.
How can I lose weight quickly?
He wants to know how he can lose weight quicky.
She wants to know how she can lose weight quickly.
How can I explain this?
What would happen if the earth stopped spinning?
What would happen if all the people of the world lived like Americans?
What would happen if the human race goes extinct?
She was pleased to hear that.
I like your plan.
Don't waste your pocket money.
He writhes like a worm.
It writhes like a worm.
Speak more slowly!
The strong earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
Don't cry, unless crying solves the problem.
I read one of his works.
Isn't it flat?
These are the things that I like.
Nobody knows that better than you.
There are books here.
There is one book here.
Is your task easy, Joseph?
I'll sleep in my room.
My brother has no money.
Note that due to the nature of dynamic linking on Linux, plugins don’t have to actually link with the db.o object.
It's difficult to learn Greek.
Here, I want to complete a few low-level implementation details that may be interesting to readers.
That is a museum piece!
I wake up very early.
I like your work.
I like your job.
I like your offer.
I like your proposition.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
I like your article.
We don't usually go for cute stuff, but this is just too adorably awesome.
She likes to take her time.
Believe none of what you hear and a half of what you see.
Stop filming.
She's a girl.
I'm looking for my mobile phone.
Ah, I thank you, my dear.
John was born in America.
He is the stingiest person I know.
Arabic is my mother tongue.
We loved one another.
Do these books belong to you or to me?
Tell me whom these books belong to!
I’ll come back home at ten.
She is almost sixty years old.
Give me half a kilo of apples.
Eat fruit!
You should eat vegetables.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you feel lucky?
There are no stupid questions.
That's a stupid question!
Can we save the planet?
Is that so bad?
It has happened before.
It has happened before and it will probably happen again.
Even though it's small, it's still my apartment.
Even though it's small, it's a great restaurant.
Even though it's small, it's still a great car.
Give me the car key, please.
You made a big mistake.
You're making a big mistake.
I learned to drive when I was fifteen.
She has a beautiful tan.
He has a beautiful tan.
I enjoyed it very much.
She says that she enjoyed it very much.
He says that he enjoyed it very much.
It's the best burger in town.
Who gives a fuck?
I'm not feeling very hungry right now.
She kicked me out of the house.
She kicked him out of the house.
She kicked her boyfriend out of the house.
He doesn't want you to know.
She doesn't want you to know.
They don't want you to know.
I'm not living with her anymore.
I'm not living with him anymore.
You're in big trouble.
He's in big trouble.
She's in big trouble.
That's all I have to say.
Things did not go as intended.
This looks good.
It looks good.
We are so similar and so different at the same time.
The war kept us apart for so long, but not anymore.
What's done can't be undone.
Sorry for bothering you at this busy time.
Believe none of what you hear and only half of what you see.
Don't meddle in other people's lives.
The plan talks a lot about active citizenship. But it must be active and engaged citizenship.
I almost touched your hand this time.
A third is less than a half.
I'm ready! Can we go?
I'd like to sit by the window.
Infinite patience and infinite impatience: one of these two expressions makes sense and the other doesn't.
What are you hiding in your turban?
What if all days were Saturday?
I received a message from the past today.
There's no question about that.
If you are not able to hold your attention on one thing for some time, how can you accomplish anything?
Paying attention to what you are doing is one of the most important keys to success.
Good morning, sweetheart.
She’s the prettiest in the group.
Singing without pay makes your throat hurt.
An old tree provides shade.
You could have told the truth.
And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us.
You should get yourself examined by the doctor immediately.
The furniture in this office is fairly modern.
Glory of cossacks have long been glorious.
This loss and its consequences will have an impact not only the people that speak these languages but upon us all.
This supposition, that the Earth is immobile, was completely untrue.
The cat likes mice; I don’t like them.
Our neighbour has been at the hairdresser’s again.
Have I asked you whether you can speak Zhenjiang dialect?
Mistakes are teachers.
He stuffed the money into his pocket.
Grinding coffee beans makes me think of all the things I haven't accomplished in life.
I'm going to my grandmother's.
And what prevented you from calling the police immediately?
The brother of my father is my uncle.
The brother of my mother is my uncle.
The sister of my father is my aunt.
The sister of my mother is my aunt.
My father's brother's wife is my aunt.
My mother's brother's wife is my aunt.
My father's sister's husband is my uncle.
My mother's sister's husband is my uncle.
Music is a language understood by all humans.
Take your hand off my back.
Everything would be easier if we could float.
Why is everyone speaking so quietly?
He cries almost every day.
Tom almost forgot the conference.
He heard a very small voice.
Will you give me a piece of wood?
He cut the nose off.
Pinocchio walks about the town.
All day long.
Grace hasn't arrived yet.
Grace hasn't come yet.
Can you make it before the deadline?
Just to be clear, this was not me.
Now that same-sex marriage is legal, I'm one step closer to marrying myself.
You're wrong. That's not the case.
Where did you get all that money from?
Does it hurt when you breathe?
Her mouth hurt a lot.
The one who has rendered a service should hold his tongue; it is up to the one who has received it to speak.
It is the photo of my new house.
I always dreamed of meeting a unicorn that would tell me the secrets of the night.
Where are you on Monday?
Where will you be on Monday?
But have you received the messages?
But did you receive the messages?
Who fights can lose. Who doesn't fight has already lost.
Are you a singer?
My teacher recommended that dictionary.
There is no polluted air in our city.
I like travelling by train.
It was a big help for me.
It is fantastic.
I would like to thank you for your great job.
This site is really great!
The floor feels cold.
I will recommend this website to all my friends.
Thanks a lot and many regards to you all.
I like English and Farsi very much.
The rock feels wet.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart .
The doctor prescribed it for her.
Post this letter for me!
You smoked at some point, didn't you?
He talked about himself.
I have nothing to add to that.
I owe you something.
A playroom awaits the children.
She sat alone at a table in front of a cup of coffee.
I’ll introduce you to my mother.
I never drink tea with milk.
Everyone has the right to education.
Elementary education shall be compulsory.
I can imagine how hard it must have been for her to say those simple words.
I drank too much coffee today.
Did you know that he is good at making coffee?
Would you like black tea or coffee?
We live in the Milky Way galaxy.
Look at Venus!
Jupiter is very large.
Are you a Filipino?
What is a space elevator?
What is wabisabi?
The patient is in a deep coma.
I have watched all of her films.
A smart falcon hides its talons.
The best way to understand a sentence is to translate it.
If you cannot understand good advise, you cannot obey it.
Are you off your rocker?
Then he raised his hand to interrupt me.
This fellow is up to something. I can feel it in my spleen.
We were happy people before you came. Your arrival brought despair.
20 people were detained by the Federal Police.
You have caught cold because of your sitting in the draught.
Because of the rain, the picnic was held in the gymnasium.
I don't like Easter eggs.
You are still the same ignorant I met once in the park.
Maybe that wouldn't be appropriate. You see, I don't work here.
I had a small dog when I was small.
You destroyed my BMW!
The only weapons I have in my home are water pistols.
I’ll call him before he goes out.
What a viper I have nourished in my bosom!
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
No one came back alive from there.
He forgot all of his friends.
He tries to impress his friends.
She was the first woman I loved.
What is love? To tell the truth, I still don't know what it is.
Some people don't believe in love. They just believe in biology.
Do you think she still loves me?
Do you think he still loves me?
Do you think she still remembers me?
Do you think he still remembers me?
Do you think she still thinks about me?
Do you think he still thinks about me?
Do you think she still cares about me?
Do you think he still cares about me?
Do you think she still wants to see me?
Do you think he still wants to see me?
Do you think she still wants to live with me?
Do you think he still wants to live with me?
Do you think she still loves my letters?
Do you think he still loves my letters?
Do you think she still keeps my letters?
Do you think he still keeps my letters?
Do you think she still reads my messages?
Do you think he still reads my messages?
For a delirious word there is no answer.
The week in Russia has been awesome.
This is capital. Let it increase!
Did you decide to go to Japan?
I’ve made a few corrections.
Ken hugged Tom’s fiancée.
Ken kissed Tom’s fiancée.
That’s his fiancée.
Do you think she still looks at my pictures?
Do you think he still looks at my pictures?
Do you think she still wants to marry me?
Do you think he still wants to marry me?
Do you think she still wants me to stay with her?
Do you think he still wants me to stay with him?
Do you think she would forgive me?
Do you think he would forgive me?
Do you think she would accept my invitation?
Do you think he would accept my invitation?
Let's talk about love.
I like to talk about love.
Did you think about your wife when you were in the army?
Did you write to your wife when you were in the army?
Very few soldiers of the special forces get married.
Special forces and marriage don't go together.
Is it true that special forces soldiers are trained to torture?
Special forces training is already a torture.
In special forces, torture is a taboo.
Special forces might do a lot of bad things but they never talk about them.
They train you on how to do something without thinking twice about it.
They train you to act before thinking. Just execute orders.
"Special forces might do a lot of things that regular troops wouldn't do" "Like torture?" "I won't answer this question"
Special forces are used for special purposes.
"Is it true that special forces are capable of torturing and killing innocent people?" "Special forces just execute orders. They are used for special jobs, no matter what."
Many soldiers of the regular troops train with the special forces.
Most of the jobs carried out by the special forces are secret.
Generally, special forces are used in very specific and dangerous missions.
Generally, special forces don't have much contact with civilians.
In special forces, you must get used to all sorts of difficulties and dangers.
Elite soldiers are trained even harder than most special forces.
Elite soldiers are almost always selected among the special forces.
Elite soldiers might be trained in secret locations.
He likes to talk about the army.
Why does he like to talk about the army?
Was he in the army?
How long was he in the army?
You have a problem. How can I help you?
Was he a paratrooper?
Was he in the special forces?
Did he take part in any war?
Why does he still talk about the army?
Does he want to go back to the army?
I miss the army.
I'm very sorry, but we don't know each other.
A male crocodile ate a female dog.
Without air and water, we would not be able to live.
It’s the first time that I read the Bible.
We all participated at the party.
You’re just a student.
Success has neither taste nor smell.
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
The religion of one age is the literary entertainment of the next.
We hurried down the stairs.
Everything is black and white in my bedroom.
You don't know how heavy is the load you don't bear.
I had never seen a real elephant.
I had never seen an elephant in real life.
Please change the flag.
Why doesn't she look at me anymore?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore?
Why doesn't he look at me anymore?
Why doesn't she talk to me anymore?
Why doesn't she write me anymore?
Why doesn't he write me anymore?
Why doesn't she write me back anymore?
Why doesn't he write me back anymore?
Why doesn't she think about me anymore?
Why doesn't he think about me anymore?
Why doesn't she care about me anymore?
Why doesn't he care about me anymore?
Why doesn't she smile at me anymore?
Why doesn't he smile at me anymore?
Why doesn't she play with me anymore?
Why doesn't he play with me anymore?
Why doesn't she eat with me anymore?
Why doesn't he eat with me anymore?
Why doesn't she love me anymore?
Why doesn't he love me anymore?
Why doesn't she work with me anymore?
Why doesn't he work with me anymore?
Why doesn't she send me letters anymore?
Why doesn't he send me letters anymore?
Why doesn't she give me presents anymore?
Why doesn't he give me presents anymore?
Why doesn't she help me anymore?
Why doesn't he help me anymore?
Why doesn't she visit me anymore?
Why doesn't he visit me anymore?
Why doesn't she call me anymore?
Why doesn't he call me anymore?
Why doesn't she eat lunch with me anymore?
Why doesn't he eat lunch with me anymore?
Why doesn't she eat dinner with me anymore?
Why doesn't he eat dinner with me anymore?
Why doesn't she watch movies with me anymore?
Why doesn't he watch movies with me anymore?
Why doesn't she dance with me anymore?
Why doesn't he dance with me anymore?
Why doesn't she hug me anymore?
Why doesn't he hug me anymore?
Why doesn't she exercise with me anymore?
Why doesn't he exercise with me anymore?
Why doesn't she kiss me anymore?
Why doesn't he kiss me anymore?
Why doesn't she tell me jokes anymore?
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?
Why doesn't she sit with me anymore?
Why doesn't he sit with me anymore?
It's almost new!
Jack Nicholson was raised in New Jersey.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in Austria.
This bird is called a seagull.
Tatoeba is a mini-LibriVox, it just needs to be written before the large-scale reading aloud would start.
That man is a convict.
That woman is a convict.
How gallant are you!
The truth is bobbing up.
Do you like my floating house?
This is a gallicism.
This is a Gaulish find.
This is a Gallic find.
I'd like to walk like a normal person.
My best friend is Welsh.
Finland is called "Suomi" in Finnish.
Turkey is called "Türkiye" in Turkish.
India is called "Bharat" in Hindi.
France is called "France" in French.
Belgium is called "Belgique" in French.
Belgium is called "België" in Flemish.
Lebanon is called "Lubnan" in Arabic.
Spain is called "España" in Spanish.
Russia is called "Rossiya" in Russian.
Norway is called "Norge" in Norwegian.
Sweden is called "Sverige" in Swedish.
Denmark is called "Danmark" in Danish.
Japan is called "Nippon" in Japanese.
Georgia is called "Sakartvelo" in Georgian.
Armenia is called "Hayastan" in Armenian.
Albania is called "Shqipëria" in Albanian.
Switzerland is called "Suisse" in French.
Switzerland is called "Schweiz" in German.
I want to change the world.
Where can I buy a playbill?
Italy is called "Italia" in Italian.
Algeria is called "Al-Jazair" in Arabic.
Algeria is called "Ldzayer" in Berber.
Austria is called "Österreich" in German.
Azerbaijan is called "Azərbaycan" in Azeri.
Belgium is called "Belgien" in German.
Bhutan is called "Druk Yul" in Tibetan.
Bolivia is called "Buliwya" in Quechua.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is called "Bosna i Hercegovina" in Bosnian.
Brazil is called "Brasil" in Portuguese.
Burma is called "Myanmar" in Burmese.
Cambodia is called "Kampuchea" in Khmer.
Cameroon is called "Cameroun" in French.
Cape Verde is called "Cabo Verde" in Portuguese.
Cameroon is called "Cameroon" in English.
The Central African Republic is called "Ködörösêse tî Bêafrîka" in Sango.
The Central African Republic is called "République Centrafricaine" in French.
Chad is called "Tchad" in French.
China is called "Zhongguo" in Chinese.
The Comoros is called "Comores" in French.
We are all proud of making small mistakes. It gives us the feeling that we aren’t making big ones.
You’ll see that I’m right.
Keep reading.
The time reads books to kill people.
These tomatoes are tasteless.
The green water is not potable.
The Comoros is called "Komori" in Shikomoro.
The Comoros is called "Juzur al-Qamar" in Arabic.
Croatia is called "Hrvatska" in Croatian.
Cyprus is called "Kypros" in Greek.
Cyprus is called "Kıbrıs" in Turkish.
The Czech Republic is called "Česká republika" in Czech.
The Dominican Republic is called "República Dominicana" in Spanish.
East Timor is called "Timor Lorosa'e" in Tetum.
East Timor is called "Timor Leste" in Portuguese.
Egypt is called "Misr" in Arabic.
Equatorial Guinea is called "Guinea Ecuatorial" in Spanish.
Eritrea is called "Erta" in Tigrinya.
Estonia is called "Eesti" in Estonian.
Ethiopia is called "Ityop'ia" in Amharic.
Fiji is called "Viti" in Fijian.
Greece is called "Hellas" in Greek.
Guinea is called "Guinée" in French.
Haiti is called "Ayiti" in Haitian Creole.
Hungary is called "Magyarország" in Hungarian.
Iceland is called "Ísland" in Icelandic.
Ireland is called "Éire" in Irish Gaelic.
Ireland is called "Ireland" in English.
Jerusalem is called "Yerushalayim" in Hebrew.
Japan is also called "Nihon" in Japanese.
Jordan is called "Al-Urdun" in Arabic.
Kazakhstan is called "Qazaqstan" in Kazakh.
Kyrgyzstan is called "Kirgiziya" in Russian.
Latvia is called "Latvija" in Latvian.
Lithuania is called "Lietuva" in Lithuanian.
Luxembourg is called "Lëtzebuerg" in Luxembourgish.
Luxembourg is called "Luxemburg" in German.
Luxembourg is called "Luxembourg" in French.
Macedonia is called "Makedonija" in Macedonian.
Madagascar is called "Madagasikara" in Malagasy.
The Maldives is called "Dhivehi Raajje" in Dhivehi.
Mongolia is called "Mongol Uls" in Mongolian.
Montenegro is called "Crna Gora" in Montenegrin.
Morocco is called "Al-Maghrib" in Arabic.
Morocco is called "Meṛṛuk" in Berber.
Mozambique is called "Moçambique" in Portuguese.
Nauru is called "Naoero" in Nauruan.
Nepal is called "Nepal" in Nepali.
The Netherlands is called "Nederland" in Dutch.
The Netherlands is called "Nederlân" in Frisian.
New Zealand is called "Aotearoa" in Maori.
North Korea is called "Chosŏn" in Korean.
Palestine is called "Filastin" in Arabic.
Israel is called "Yisrael" in Hebrew.
Papua New Guinea is called "Papua Niugini" in Tok Pisin.
Paraguay is called "Paraguái" in Guarani.
Philippines is called "Pilipinas" in Tagalog.
Philippines is called "Filipinas" in Spanish.
Poland is called "Polska" in Polish.
Romania is called "România" in Romanian.
Saudi Arabia is called "Al-Mamlakah Al-‘Arabiyyah As-Sa‘ūdiyyah" in Arabic.
Serbia is called "Srbija" in Serbian.
Seychelles is called "Sesel" in Seychellois Creole.
Singapore is called "Singapura" in Malay.
Singapore is called "Xīnjiāpō" in Chinese.
Slovakia is called "Slovensko" in Slovak.
Slovenia is called "Slovenija" in Slovene.
Everything has its good side and bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
Somalia is called "as-Sumal" in Arabic.
Somalia is called "Soomaaliya" in Somali.
South Africa is called "Suid-Afrika" in Afrikaans.
South Africa is called "iNingizimu Afrika" in Zulu.
South Korea is called "Hanguk" in Korean.
Spain is called "Espanya" in Catalan.
Spain is called "Espainia" in Basque.
Switzerland is called "Svizra" in Romansh.
Syria is called "Suriyah" in Arabic.
Ukraine is called "Ukraina" in Ukrainian.
The United Arab Emirates is called "Al-’Imārat Al-‘Arabiyyah Al-Muttaḥidah" in Arabic.
The United Kingdom is called "Rìoghachd Aonaichte" in Scottish Gaelic.
The United Kingdom is called "Ríocht Aontaithe" in Irish.
The United Kingdom is called "Y Deyrnas Unedig" in Welsh.
The United States is called "Etats-Unis" in French.
Uzbekistan is called "O'zbekiston" in Uzbek.
Australia is the largest country in Oceania.
India is the third largest country in Asia.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the Arabian Peninsula.
Mexico is the third largest country in North America, after Canada and the United States.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the Middle East.
Australia is the largest country in the world without borders with any other country.
Indonesia is the largest country in the world situated only on islands.
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina.
Algeria is the largest country in North Africa.
Kazakhstan is the largest country in Central Asia.
Libya is the second largest country in North Africa.
Niger is the largest country in Western Africa.
South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa.
Ethiopia is the largest country in Eastern Africa.
Madagascar is the largest island of Africa.
Indonesia is the largest country in South-East Asia.
Papua New Guinea is the second largest country in Oceania after Australia.
I want another.
France is the largest country in Western Europe.
We do similar jobs within the company, but she earns more than I do.
Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe.
It's not easy to memorize dates.
This orange is too sour.
Sweden is the largest country in Scandinavia.
The explosion was cause by a car accident.
For experience and learning, eternity is not enough.
Nicaragua is the largest country in Central America.
The city is famous for the fossils in its museums.
Caption this photo.
Where do I do my homework?
The cat sat on the table.
Would you like more mashed potatoes?
My room is number five.
He'll be safe with me.
She'll be safe with me.
You will be safe with me.
They will be safe with me.
They will be safe with her.
They will be safe with him.
You'll be safe with him.
You'll be safe with her.
Why don't you just buy a new one?
A pony is a small horse.
I don't deserve it.
The bridge is closed.
The road is closed.
She's an art student.
What happened to the others?
He hasn't talked to me since.
She hasn't talked to me since.
It was the best night of my life.
Can I see your driver's license?
Do you need a ride home?
She's worried for his safety.
I was worried for her safety.
Kids are smarter than you think.
Cats are smarter than you think.
History is more complex than you think.
Keep it warm.
I'll keep it warm.
He wants to live closer to nature.
She wants to live closer to nature.
There is no other way.
I've seen it all.
Why don't you mind your own business?
What he did is very wrong.
What she did is very wrong.
It's not for the faint of heart.
I totally agree with you.
My girlfriend was crying.
My boyfriend was crying.
My boyfriend is crying.
My girlfriend is crying.
He fled his country.
She fled her country.
We're friends now.
I'm not a hero.
He's not a hero.
She's not a hero.
You don't have enough experience.
He doesn't have enough experience.
She doesn't have enough experience.
She visited me, not on Sunday, but on Monday.
That would not be a lie.
He took care of the children while his wife was shopping.
I agree with your proposal.
I have to open the window.
From the moment that the fortress ran out of supplies, its defenders had to surrender.
I love aubergine.
I love eggplant.
I liked it a lot!
He didn't want to go to Japan.
He didn't want to be sent to Japan.
He works at a restaurant in Japan.
He went to Japan and he married a Japanese woman.
I saw his pictures in Japan.
Does he like Japan?
Does he have his own house in Japan?
Does he have a car in Japan?
He brought a car from Japan.
This is Matsuko and me in Japan.
My friend went back to Japan.
Whom do you love?
I appreciate your family.
As Yan Yuan pointed out, "proper moral cultivation could begin from any point on the moral map, not just the mean position".
I'll buy all these items.
He wrote me from Japan.
He was going to send a letter to Japan.
His sister and her husband live in Canada.
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years.
She has two uncles in Belgium.
He founded a small association in the Czech Republic.
He learnt driving in Ireland.
He spent a few months in Scotland.
He worked for one and a half years in the Netherlands.
He wrote me every week from Germany.
He worked as a truck driver in Norway.
He went to Mexico to work as a teacher of English.
He taught English in Serbia for two years.
He has two houses, one in Turkey and another one in Germany.
He told me that he liked to work in Chad.
He said that he grew up in Tunisia.
While in Sweden, he had a Swedish girlfriend who taught him Swedish, then he married her.
He goes with his mother to Russia every year.
He went to Portugal to work as a soccer trainer.
Haptic sensations defy precise description.
I still have many friends from the Canary Islands.
I considered going to Armenia.
He wanted to buy a small house in Romania.
He was sentenced to one year in prison in Bulgaria.
He lived in Ukraine for many years.
He was sent by his company to Kazakhstan.
What are you doing in Oman?
He told me that there were many foreigners in Eritrea.
Her father was a diplomat in Kenya.
All of their children were born in Malaysia.
I heard that now, he works in Saudi Arabia.
I was going to go to the United Arab Emirates.
They met in Algeria and they met again in France.
He took some very beautiful pictures in Monaco.
He sold all his property in Morocco.
He got married in Nicaragua.
He took his daughter to Austria to receive treatment.
He bought this truck from Poland.
In Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
Does he still live in Luxembourg?
Nobody believed that he went to Switzerland.
He spent his honeymoon in the Maldives.
Mr Smith has gone out to lunch.
Why don't you go to Malta?
Once in a while I go to Sweden to visit my boyfriend.
All her relatives are in Syria.
He never went back to Iraq.
His aunt married a Lebanese man and went with him to Senegal.
He visited Mauritania ten years ago.
What is your rating?
I'm a truck driver.
I am a truck driver.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie.
He sells cars in France.
He renovates old houses in Spain.
He imports clothes from Turkey.
He teaches Arabic in the United States.
He learns Portuguese in Brazil.
He publishes books in Italy.
He repairs machines in Germany.
He manufactures toys in China.
He negotiates new contracts in Russia.
She has lost face.
He has lost face.
That was a recommendation, not a command.
He always says, "Just kidding!" at the end.
I have to say, his safety plan is well thought-out.
Your eyes are like stars.
Do you use a sponge when you take a bath?
Do you love my name more than you love me?
Do you love me just because I'm a Chinese girl?
Do you love me just because I have black hair?
You seem Uzbek to me.
Do you love me just because I'm black?
Do you love my eyes more than you love me?
Do you love me just when I'm absent?
Do you love me just because I am a foreigner?
Don’t push me too hard. It’s dangerous.
Do you love me just because I resemble Connie Nielsen?
I’m on a diet right now.
I’m on a diet at the moment.
I like poets like Takuboku.
Well, did you have a good weekend?
How much do you love me?
Did you love me?
I bought a hat in the shop.
Did you really love me?
Do you still love me?
Is it true that you are in love with me?
School lets out at half-past three.
I would like to have a room of my own.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed.
He loves us.
She loves us.
You love us.
They love us.
You help us.
He helps us.
She helps us.
They help us.
You send us letters.
He sends us flowers.
She sends us e-mails.
They send us spare parts.
You send us to death.
He sends us to the factory.
She sends us to the town.
They send us to the farm.
You tell us the truth.
He tells us secrets.
She tells us interesting things.
They tell us what to do.
The eye doesn't see beyond its own comfort level.
You tell us interesting stories.
He tells us strange stories.
She tells us jokes.
They tell us funny stories.
You give us ideas.
He gives us money.
She gives us clothes.
They give us medicines.
You pay us every week.
He pays us every month.
She pays us every Friday.
They pay us for our work.
You buy us batteries.
He buys us newspapers.
She buys us shoes.
They buy us vegetables.
You sell us fish.
He sells us paper.
She sells us dresses.
They sell us copper.
You advise us about business.
He advises us.
She advises us about cooking.
They advise us to read their books.
You anger us.
He angers us with his comments.
She angers us with her remarks.
They anger us with their behavior.
You annoy us with your music.
He annoys us with this noise.
She annoys us with the noise of her hairdrier.
They annoy us with their parties.
You answer us first.
He answers us whenever we call him.
She answers us whenever we ask her a question.
They answer us whenever we ask them questions.
You need us.
He needs us to help him.
She needs us to show her the way.
They need us to finish the job.
You invite us every year.
He invites us to his parties.
She invites us to all her parties.
They invite us to their conferences.
Everything has two sides: the good side and the bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
You argue with us.
As mitigation, it could have been you.
She pawned her gold.
He stole the diamond.
Their son claims to see ghosts.
Their daughter claims to see monsters.
He said that the house was haunted.
His son claims to hear voices.
If I change my name in order to avoid racist comments, then why don't I change the color of my skin as well?
You have given yourself a European name? Why? Then why don't you just change the color of your skin as well?
I know that there are many racists here, but you don't have to change your name.
If you change your name in order to please racists, then why don't you just change the color of your skin as well?
You have changed your name to please them, but these racists are gonna also ask you to change the color of your skin. Can you do that?
Even if you find a solution to change the color of your skin, they are going to continue to hate you. Racists are racists and you shouldn't be stupid with them.
If you are not one of them, then you're nothing to them; in order to be one of them you've got to be born in their land, look like them and even think like them. As long as you are different, they will hate you for no reason. They are racists.
You have to return what you have stolen.
They examined the jewel.
He is collecting data.
She took the jewel to her manager.
He took the sample to his coworker.
She gave the sample to her assistant.
He was killed in the explosion.
He was killed in the accident.
He was killed in the fire.
He was killed in the earthquake.
He was killed in the fight.
He was killed in the battle.
He was killed in the avalanche.
He was killed in the riot.
This statue belongs to Tom.
Mary told Tom to visit the museum.
He visited Professor Smith at his college.
He invited Mary and her sister Jane to a party.
You cannot catch them up.
Europe is in crisis.
The black kitten hopped to avoid the puddle, and passed under the neighbouring hedge.
He asked me if I was happy.
I wonder what you're looking at.
It was his first trip as a captain.
That one over there is mine. I do not know where his is.
The roses in my garden are beautiful.
Will you go somewhere this summer?
I promise I will protect you.
Love is crazy.
Here is my heart.
I'm all shook up!
I like hares.
A blue elephant's ears are as big as the ones of a pink elephant.
I searched for a book with many pictures.
I would just like to congratulate Tom for his work.
Nobody will notice.
Italy invaded Ethiopia in 1935.
She cried out for help.
He cried out for help.
She cried out for help, but no one came.
I looked out the window to admire the view.
Would you mind explaining that diagram to me?
The lake has a diameter of 100 metres.
I wonder if I can add a sentence simply by pressing the 'enter' key.
You should take a vacation.
He has greasy hair.
What is the truth?
Where can we find the truth?
What is the difference between reality and truth?
She is not as beautiful as she was before.
It was a bad rabbit.
She was born in 1960.
I am praying the time passes quickly.
It's a beautiful day in Poland!
These are library books.
Are these library books?
Don't leave library books here.
The youth of Japan have a tendency to follow fashion.
Don't leave library books in the classroom.
Don't leave library books in this room.
She lost many library books.
You should return all the library books before the end of the year.
Some library books can't be found in any bookstore.
She was loved very much by him.
Some library books are treasures.
He ripped a button off his coat.
You shamed me at the station.
They went to a fortune teller.
Mary took Ken to a fortune teller.
Mary went to a fortune teller for many years.
Mary showed Ken another fortune teller.
This woman is haunted by a spirit.
Is there a haunted house in this village?
They say that the wood is haunted.
He told me that his house was haunted.
What makes you think that your house is haunted?
How do you know that your house is haunted?
Do your neighbors know that your house is haunted?
What did you do when you knew that your house was haunted?
When did you know that your house was haunted?
Who else knows that your house is haunted?
What did the police do when you informed them that your house was haunted?
What would you do if your house was haunted?
Do you know any haunted house in the neighborhood?
Did you visit the haunted house?
Did you spend the night at the haunted house?
My mother was sick for two days.
Don't worry, present day cosmetic surgery is much better than what it used to be in Doctor Frankenstein's days.
It rained for three days in a row.
I love this school.
Show me the way to the school.
Give me the salt, please.
Praise be to God!
I'd suffer from claustrophobia.
Tom sat down underneath a tree.
Are you cheating on me?
Now, you have to choose: either me or Tatoeba.
Tatoeba is not my girlfriend.
Tatoeba is not even a girl.
Tatoeba is just a website.
Tatoeba is not even a person.
Tatoeba is a translation website.
Tatoeba is where I translate sentences.
Tatoeba is the website I recommend to other translators, colleagues and language students.
Tatoeba is the website I use when I don't find enough examples in dictionaries.
Calm down, Tatoeba is not a girl, it's just a website.
"Is Tatoeba more beautiful than me?" "Tatoeba is not a girl. It's a website"
He has a new girlfriend on the Internet. Her name is Tatoeba.
Is it true that your girlfriend is Japanese?
And is it true that your Japanese girlfriend is called Tatoeba?
How many times do I have to tell you that Tatoeba is not a human being?
He apparently dates a Japanese girl called Tatoeba.
No Japanese girl is called Tatoeba.
"Tatoeba is not a Japanese girl name." "Then, it's your Japanese girlfriend's nickname."
What did you specialize in at university?
The pride of New York is its museums.
That aurora was really magnificent.
I heard this movie is cool.
Has anyone seen it yet?
This might be it.
I am unable to finish my homework.
I’m driven by my passion.
He is a young man passionate for good design, games, software, art and people.
We are designing technology for common people.
We make our products using our creativity as a service to you.
He is a natural leader who likes to work with groups of different and renewing partners.
He is always learning new techniques and technologies.
He also has experience working fulltime for international companies.
He worked mainly as a freelancer.
He has experience in a wide variety of programming languages.
He is always looking for innovations rather than for isolated technologies.
He is a qualified person who uses and manages software related tools for general users.
His experience lies in the field of entrepreneurship and social responsibility services.
He is a young entrepreneur Python programmer, system analysis student, with expertise in hardware, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery, among other things.
We are happy to be opening this section to contribute to the free software community
We will include public interest material and several trials where our users will have access to and be able to enrich or experiment with all the variety of products we offer.
I believe in this project, i think it's adapted to the necessities of small and medium enterprises, try and tell your experiences.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Moreover, because he was handsome, he was ill-suited to working as a teacher in a girls' school.
When the sisters came back, their mother was still awake.
Don't worry, present day cosmetic surgery is much better than it used to be in Doctor Frankenstein's days.
When I hear this song, I cry.
Do men cry?
Men never cry.
Only monsters don't cry.
I didn't know that you were a monster.
What's this music?
I am not a monster.
Are these soldiers or monsters?
This is not a spider, it's a monster!
We need soldiers, not monsters.
I don't call this a spider; I would call it a monster.
Is this spider poisonous?
Does this spider bite?
Life is full of mysteries.
Let me check.
I would just like to thank all of you for your work.
I would just like to thank you for translating my sentences.
The prisoners tried to escape.
The slave tried to escape.
Don't feel embarrassed. These things happen.
It's about to explode!
He is an environmentalist.
She is an environmentalist.
It can be dangerous.
Does anyone have a picture of this?
I prefer it this way.
I had an amazing experience.
You should check your blood pressure.
This blurs the line between news and advertising.
He runs the business with his sons.
She runs the business with her daughters.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman.
They went surfing.
He went surfing.
She went surfing.
I must wait here.
I can go there on foot.
Are you hiring?
This Publix is always crowded.
You don't want to know.
Let's do this.
You need a joystick.
Thanks for coming.
I like the bright colors.
We were attacked by pirates!
Did you have a rough day?
I had a rough day.
She's a smart and independent girl.
Where's my money?
I've done this before.
They want more.
I have been expecting you.
I need the money.
He needs the money.
She needs the money.
I needed the money.
He needed the money.
She needed the money.
It belongs to me now.
Prepare to die.
Your brain programs your emotions.
Your brain programs your feelings.
I shall not allow anyone to harm you.
I'd rather have a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs".
How many words does this sentence have?
How many syllables does this word have?
How many countries are there in Africa?
How many capital cities does South Africa have?
How many provinces does Canada have?
How many states does India have?
How many official languages does Switzerland have?
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
How many bridges are there in London?
How many islands does Indonesia have?
How many languages are spoken in New Guinea?
How many Native American reservations are there in the United States?
How many national parks are there in Kenya?
How many hotels are there in Paris?
How many taxis are there in New York City?
How many museums are there in Oslo?
How many pandas are there in this zoo?
How many seats are there in this room?
How many parking places are there in this garage?
How many pens did you buy?
How many phones does she have?
How many republics were there in the Soviet Union?
How many aircraft carriers does the US Navy have?
How many aircrafts can an aircraft carrier hold?
How many missiles can this aircraft carry?
How many nuclear bombs does the United Kingdom have?
How many minorities live in Russia?
How many bus stations are there in this city?
How many cars does this train have?
Can you read my mind?
How many cameras does Tom have?
How many churches are there in Lisbon?
How many markets are there in this town?
How many hairs does a human being have on his head?
How many children does Tom have?
How many sons does Tom have?
How many daughters does Tom have?
How many brothers and sisters does Tom have?
How many schools are there in this village?
How many dictionaries does this translator have?
How many words are there in this dictionary?
How many pictures are there in this album?
Has anybody seen my wallet?
How many stamps do you have in your collection?
How many articles are there on Wikipedia?
How many mosques are there in Istanbul?
How many trees are there in this park?
How many singers will participate in the concert?
How many concerts will be organized this year?
How many books are there in this library?
How many libraries are there in this neighborhood?
There are around three thousand mosques in Istanbul.
How many cars can this garage hold?
How many cups of coffee did you drink?
How many glasses of juice did she drink?
How many oranges did Tom eat?
How many watches did Tom lose?
How many bookstores did you visit?
How many spectators were there at the stadium?
How many soccer stadiums are there in this country?
How many patients are there at this hospital?
How many hats does your grandfather have?
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school?
How many televisions does Tom have?
How many friends do you have on Facebook?
How many wives does this Mormon have?
How many spoons are missing?
How many palm trees are there in this oasis?
How many lakes are there in Finland?
How many pages does this novel have?
How many e-mailboxes do you have?
How many addresses does Tom have?
How many films did you watch yesterday?
How many pictures did you take?
How many letters did you send to Tom?
How many people died in the earthquake?
How many bats are there in this cave?
How many caves are there in this area?
How many legs does a spider have?
How many teeth does a crocodile have?
How many eyes does a spider have?
How many prizes did Tom win?
How many phone numbers does Mary have?
How many computers does this engineer have?
How many documents do you have to translate?
How many rooms are there in this hotel?
How many buildings are there in this area?
How many elevators are there in this shopping mall?
How many cranes are there in this port?
How many volcanoes are there on this island?
How many astronauts have gone to the moon?
How many moons does Jupiter have?
How many stars are there in our galaxy?
How many players are there in a soccer team?
How many referees are there in a soccer game?
How many teams participated in the championship?
How many oscars did this film win?
How many cigarettes do you smoke per day?
How many sentences did you translate on Tatoeba?
How many eggs does a fly lay?
How many sheep are there in this flock?
How many neurons are there in this human brain?
How many doors are there in this house?
How many windows are there in this office?
I should clean my room.
How many legs does a centipede have?
I should have gone home.
How many faces does a cube have?
How many tentacles does an octopus have?
How many letters are there in this alphabet?
How many characters are there in this play?
How many websites do you visit per day?
How many flies did you kill?
An unpleasant feeling is always bad.
How many babies can a mouse have at one time?
How many meters are there in a kilometer?
How many headlights does this car have?
How many passengers can this plane hold?
How many comments do you post on Tatoeba per day?
How many videos do you download per day?
How many batteries does your camera need?
How many chairs have you broken so far?
How many pairs of pliers do you have?
How many cows are there on this farm?
How many weeks are there in a month?
How many months are there in a year?
How many years are there in a decade?
How many years are there in a century?
The thing that left the biggest impression from China, is the Chinese food.
How many centuries are there in a millennium?
How many kidneys does a human being have?
How many independent countries are there in the world?
How many human beings live on Earth?
How many people climbed Mount Everest?
How many employees work at this company?
How many statues are there in this temple?
How many temples are there on this island?
How many tourists visit this temple?
How many people live in Antarctica?
How many flowers did Tom give to Mary?
How many texts are there in this book?
How many paragraphs are there in this text?
How many lines are there in this paragraph?
How many planets are there in the solar system?
How many slaves were taken from Africa to America?
Everyone has their own opinion.
How many Native American languages went extinct?
I ate a very tasty sweet.
Birds learn to fly instinctively.
How many days old was I when this picture was taken?
I’m thirsty. Give me something cool to drink, please.
How many days until my birthday?
How many litres of oil are there in a barrel?
How many wheels does this truck have?
The thing that impressed me the most in China was the Chinese.
How many people have your name?
How many words are there in the English language?
How many chromosomes does a human being have?
How many hours do you sleep at night?
How many cars are there in the United States?
How many Eskimos live in Greenland?
How many continents are there in the world?
How many animal species are there in the world?
How many oceans are there in the world?
How many guests are we going to have tonight?
How many calories do you burn when you exercise?
How many animal species are discovered every year?
How many planets are discovered every year?
How many dogs does Mary have?
How many cats does Tom have?
How many jobs can you do at once?
How many girlfriends does Tom have?
How many atoms are there in a drop of water?
You have to reset the odometer.
How many e-mails do you write every day?
You looked at me and smiled.
He looked at me and smiled.
They looked at me and smiled.
His daughter wants to be a lawyer.
His sons want to be lawyers.
His daughters want to be lawyers.
I want to be a lawyer.
You want to be a lawyer.
You want to be lawyers.
Tom wants to be a lawyer.
Mary wants to be a lawyer.
They want to be lawyers.
Sometimes we go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes you go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes she goes by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes they go by bus, and sometimes by car.
I need to be more careful.
We need to be more careful.
They need to be more careful.
That house belongs to her.
That house belongs to you.
That house belongs to us.
That house belongs to them.
How do they do it?
A drop in the bucket.
You missed the last train.
She missed the last train.
We missed the last train.
They missed the last train.
Does he live in Algeria?
Does she live in Algeria?
Do they live in Algeria?
One thing is certain: he was right.
His wife asked him to throw that old hat away.
Her husband asked her to throw that old hat away.
You were really cold.
Please open the door for me.
He was really cold.
She was really cold.
We were really cold.
They were really cold.
I was really cold.
Mary cannot have done such a thing.
They cannot have done such a thing.
This hat is yours.
These hats are yours.
Harden up!
I also feel more at ease when my wife is not around.
No, the life that a man and a woman build together is rarely happy, don't you think?
You love children, don't you?
My wife doesn't seem to like even her own children.
The children were completely soaked.
He took the wood and sawed it using the saw.
She's a shopping addict.
She's addicted to shopping.
Why don't you just ask your parents for money?
I'm just a tourist.
Even though English is his native language, Tom doesn't know the difference between "tough" and "though".
Thanks for the compliment.
It did not last more than three minutes.
It will not last more than three minutes.
He went to West Point.
Can you get that to me by the end of the day?
I'll be ready.
He will be ready.
She will be ready.
May I ask why?
I'm playing with my cat.
I disagree with this completely.
I think we should just be friends.
She sneaked into the room.
She snuck into the room.
You should know that.
I don't make mistakes.
We don't make mistakes.
I miss college.
I can't play tennis that well.
She was in love with me, but I wasn't in love with her.
I heard that she learnt driving.
I heard that she got married and she had a kid.
I don't want to see her anymore.
I don't want to talk about her anymore.
I don't want to hear anything about her.
I want to forget her.
Her son has her eyes.
When I saw her son, I remembered her.
I don't think that it would have worked between me and her.
I didn't like the way she talked to people.
I didn't like the kind of friends she had.
She lied and I don't like liars.
She didn't write me any letter.
I joined up the army to forget everything.
I don't have anything to tell her.
I don't know why I remember her from time to time.
Does this mean that I am still in love with her?
I don't understand my feelings.
I don't know what she thinks about me.
I am sure that she will never forgive me.
I was young and I thought that joining up the army was the solution to any problem.
What is happening to me? Am I losing my personality?
I think that I didn't do anything wrong.
Some feelings are difficult to describe.
She can't understand my feelings.
She thinks that I wronged her.
She didn't want me to join up the army.
I prefer to forget the past.
In order to forget the past, you got to move to another place.
I can't live in a place where I can't find a job.
Where do you want me to go? To a desert island?
How do I forget her?
I didn't know that you loved her so much.
I think it is necessary for you to go there.
I think it is necessary for her to go there.
I think it is necessary for us to go there.
I think it is necessary for them to go there.
I like nobody and nobody likes me.
You like nobody and nobody likes you.
We like nobody and nobody likes us.
They like nobody and nobody likes them.
He likes nobody and nobody likes him.
I haven't been married long.
You haven't been married long.
He hasn't been married long.
She hasn't been married long.
Mary hasn't been married long.
We haven't been married long.
They haven't been married long.
If you have a thought, please raise your hand.
Ask him whether Tom is at home or not.
Ask him whether Mary is at home or not.
I live near the dike.
You live near the dike.
He lives near the dike.
I do not know what to do to get through this month.
She lives near the dike.
Tom lives near the dike.
Mary lives near the dike.
We live near the dike.
They live near the dike.
It is very impolite of him to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline his invitation.
It is very impolite of us to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline our invitation.
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
It is very impolite of him to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline their invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline their invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline their invitation.
What I say is true.
What she says is true.
What we say is true.
What they say is true.
I usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
You usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
We usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
I endeavored to do my duty.
You endeavored to do your duty.
He endeavored in order to do his duty.
We endeavored in order to do his duty.
They endeavored in order to do their duty.
Is he free on Friday afternoon?
Is she free on Friday afternoon?
Are we free on Friday afternoon?
Are they free on Friday afternoon?
He would like to have another cup of coffee.
She would like to have another cup of coffee.
You are used to sleeping in a tent.
He is used to sleeping in a tent.
She is used to sleeping in a tent.
We are used to sleeping in a tent.
They are used to sleeping in a tent.
Mary has broad shoulders.
I have broad shoulders.
You have broad shoulders.
She has broad shoulders.
We have broad shoulders.
They have broad shoulders.
I forgot to turn off the light.
You forgot to turn off the light.
She forgot to turn off the light.
We forgot to turn off the light.
They forgot to turn off the light.
I couldn't keep from crying.
You couldn't keep from crying.
He couldn't keep from crying.
We couldn't keep from crying.
They couldn't keep from crying.
He had a strange dream last night.
She had a strange dream last night.
I prayed that my mother would forgive me.
You prayed that your mother would forgive you.
He prayed that his mother would forgive him.
We prayed that our mother would forgive us.
Tom prayed that his mother would forgive him.
Mary prayed that her mother would forgive her.
They prayed that their mother would forgive them.
I prayed that my father would forgive me.
You prayed that your father would forgive you.
He prayed that his father would forgive him.
She prayed that her father would forgive her.
We prayed that our father would forgive us.
They prayed that their father would forgive them.
I prayed that my children would forgive me.
You prayed that your children would forgive you.
He prayed that his children would forgive him.
She prayed that her children would forgive her.
We prayed that our children would forgive us.
They prayed that their children would forgive them.
I prayed that my daughters would forgive me.
You prayed that your daughters would forgive you.
He prayed that his daughters would forgive him.
She prayed that her daughters would forgive her.
We prayed that our daughters would forgive us.
They prayed that their daughters would forgive them.
Your house was broken into last night.
Her house was broken into last night.
Our house was broken into last night.
Their house was broken into last night.
How did I manage to do that?
How did he manage to do that?
How did she manage to do that?
How did we manage to do that?
How did they manage to do that?
Never did we see such a beautiful sunset.
She'll only come to my birthday party if you'll come, too.
Do good to them that hate you.
Be good to everyone who hates you.
Do good to those that hate you.
Be kind to those who hate you.
Do what is good to those who hate you.
Do good to them which hate you.
Did you learn Finnish just because you loved her?
"Take all the land you want. There will be always enough land for both white and Native American people," said the Indian chief. "Really? So we want all the land from the Arctic Ocean to the Antarctic Ocean," said the general.
"Let the English and the French take all the land they want," said the Indian chief. "But they want to take all the land between the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean, is it OK?" said Tom.
"What do you want?" asked the Indian chief. "We want all the land from the North Pole to the South Pole," said the English general.
"Why did the English fight the Native Americans?" asked Tom. "And why did the Indians fight the English?" asked Mary.
"Take all the land you want", said the Aborigine chief. "Oh no," said the English general, "we will take just an island." "And which island?" asked the Aborigene chief. "Just the island of Australia," replied the English general.
"How many slaves do you need to take from Africa?" asked the African chief. "Everybody over the age of ten who happens to live on Africa's western coast from Morocco to South Africa," replied the Portuguese captain.
This kingdom needs a new king.
This company needs a new manager.
This party needs a new leader.
This school needs a new principal.
This country needs a new president.
This ship needs a new captain.
That is sensitive apparatus.
France shares a border with Spain.
France and Spain have a common border.
This mosque needs a new imam.
This museum needs a new guide.
That's why people love you.
That's why spectators love you.
That's why students love you.
That's why children love you.
That's why teachers love you.
That's why workers love you.
That's why cats love you.
That's why dogs love you.
That's why patients love you.
That's why elderly people love you.
You can't blame genetics!
The thieves divvied up the stolen loot among themselves.
There are so many things to do.
There were so many things to do.
There will be so many things to do.
I learn new things every day.
How did I come here?
How did she come here?
How did we come here?
How did they come here?
His wife is a member of the Castelli family.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask.
I don't know who I should ask.
You don't know who you should ask.
He doesn't know who he should ask.
She doesn't know who she should ask.
We don't know who we should ask.
They don't know who they should ask.
My new novel will come out next month.
Your new novel will come out next month.
Our new novel will come out next month.
Their new novel will come out next month.
Have a great weekend!
Do they both understand Japanese?
I have a hump.
I just arrived at the hostel.
Do you go there often?
We have to wait often.
Without you, I'm nothing.
I'm nothing without you.
There's no question about that!
The world is full of gossipers and liars.
These compliments encourage me to continue. However, there's still a long way to go.
Nothing has been decided yet.
We noted that things were going well.
Can you Braille?
Can you write Braille?
Can you write in Braille?
Helen Keller was blind, deaf, and dumb.
It would be better to be blind than to see that.
He isn’t blind from birth.
What does a stamp for a postcard to Germany cost?
I forgot to stick the stamp onto the letter to be sent.
I forgot to stick the stamp to the letter before sending it off.
This film is for children.
He prefers his poems to mine.
It is possible to write Braille by hand using a slate and a stylus.
Who hit you?
I want to know who you are.
Send me your picture.
I want to know you.
I don't want to be known.
I want to see your real face.
Some day, you will see me.
Where can I see you?
How can I see you?
Can you come to my country?
I don't have enough money to travel.
I need to work for a year in order to have enough money to travel.
I can't go abroad this year.
This year, I need to buy a car.
I reached my goal.
You reached your goal.
She reached her goal.
We reached our goal.
Take me to the Native Americans.
I am not really interested in Native American music. I am rather interested in their languages.
Is that a llama?
Why am I so tired?
General Custer didn't kill any Native American. It was his bullets that did it.
Buffalo Bill didn't kill any bison. It was climate change that did it.
Pizarro didn't kill Inca Emperor Atahualpa. It was a rope that did it.
The Aztec Empire wasn't destroyed by the Spanish. It was the fall of communism that did it.
They want to take land, but there are men on that land. They want to get rid of them, so they call them the 'savage'. Once called the 'savage', these men are not considered as humans anymore. So it's permitted to kill them off to the last one. And this is how somebody's land becomes somebody else's land.
The last Tasmanian wolf died in 1936.
The Tasmanian devil is a true animal.
In 1642, Abel Tasman became the first European to see Tasmania.
He can do it better than me.
He fell under the table.
Where are you scheduled to visit?
Love needs courage.
He is coming at once.
She is coming at once.
They are coming at once.
We are coming at once.
How come I didn't lock the door?
How come I didn't close the door?
How come I didn't roll the car window up?
How come I didn't take my phone?
How come I didn't call Mary?
They call you Tom.
They call you Sue.
They call you Indians.
They call you "the actresses".
They call him Bruce.
They call her Lena.
They call us Russians.
They call them Greeks.
They call them "the sisters."
I am about your age.
You are about my age.
She is about your age.
We are about your age.
They are about your age.
They said that they had been in Mexico for five years.
You said that you had been in Russia for seven years.
She said that she had been in England for three years.
We said that we had been in Peru for five years.
He felt something touch his shoulder.
She felt something touch her hand.
Why does luck hate you?
Why does luck hate him?
Why does luck hate her?
Why does luck hate me?
Why does luck hate us?
Why does luck hate them?
I stopped to talk.
You stopped to talk.
He stopped to talk.
She stopped to talk.
We stopped to talk.
You usually went to the theater on Saturday.
He usually went to the beach on Friday.
She usually went to the gym on Thursday.
We usually went to the zoo on Wednesday.
They usually went to the shopping mall on Monday.
I caught two fish.
You caught three birds.
She caught two mice.
We caught two foxes.
They caught five butterflies.
You have a lot of problems.
He has a lot of pictures.
She has a lot of perfumes.
We have a lot of friends.
Green green green green green.
I found a stain on your bed.
She didn't come before two.
Mankind walked on the Moon.
I became his friend.
In spring, the days become longer.
You only have to try hard.
For sale: baby shoes, never used.
It's better to do nothing than to do something poorly.
No worries! This is good enough!
That idea's not bad.
"The economy has opened up a faultline in the Atlantic," announces La Stampa, reporting on the impact of recent remarks by Barack Obama which imply that the poor management of the Eurozone crisis is to blame for the feeble outlook for growth in the US.
Tom is a competent nurse.
Her mother is American.
Islamabad is the capital of Pakistan.
As long as you finish eating your food, then you can play with your friends.
Inside my backpack there are many colored pens, red ones, blue ones, green ones, etc.
I did what I promised to do for you.
You did what you promised to do for me.
She did what she promised to do for me.
We did what we promised to do for you.
They did what they promised to do for you.
They did what they promised to do for me.
He did what he promised to do for you.
She did what she promised to do for you.
I did what I promised to do for him.
I did what I promised to do for her.
I did what I promised to do for them.
I can speak both English and Spanish.
You can speak both Russian and Chinese.
She can speak both Spanish and Basque.
We can speak both Japanese and Korean.
They can speak both Berber and Arabic.
You did what you promised to do for us.
He did what he promised to do for us.
She did what she promised to do for us.
They did what they promised to do for us.
It was easy for me to find water.
It was easy for you to find a taxi.
It was easy for him to find a job.
It was easy for her to find a job.
It was easy for them to find a hotel.
It is necessary that I see a doctor.
It is necessary that he see a doctor.
It is necessary that she see a doctor.
It is necessary that we see a doctor.
It is necessary that they see a doctor.
I am proud of my father.
I'm tired. I've got to go now.
I have 10 days to review the whole French grammar.
Please don't tell anyone.
Please keep it a secret.
Does your school have a library?
Her skin is white like snow.
Find how they lived, and you'll find how they died.
My parents know my girlfriend.
That book costs 3,000 yen.
Whose umbrella is that?
I cannot explain it to you now.
Don't bother me, I'm studying a difficult thing.
Their car is parked near ours.
Your bicycle is much newer than mine.
Our house and their are very close.
I won't be in time for the meeting.
You won't be in time for the meeting.
She won't be in time for the meeting.
We won't be in time for the meeting.
They won't be in time for the meeting.
Wake him up.
Wake her up.
Wake us up at seven o'clock.
Wake them up.
I lit the candles.
You lit the candles.
He lit the candles.
She lit the candles.
We lit the candles.
They lit the candles.
When does he play tennis?
When does she play tennis?
When do they play soccer?
The dog is his.
The dog is hers.
The dog is ours.
The dog is theirs.
I go to work by bus.
You go to work by car.
He goes to work by train.
She goes to work by taxi.
We go to work by subway.
They go to school by streetcar.
I am good at languages.
You are good at literature.
She is good at geography.
We are good at music.
They are good at computing.
Can he come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can she come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can they come to the meeting tomorrow?
I remember meeting him somewhere.
I remember meeting them somewhere.
I am crazy for him!
I am crazy for her!
I am crazy for them!
I ate all the apple.
I am wearing an expensive watch.
You are wearing expensive earrings.
He is wearing an expensive pair of glasses.
We are wearing expensive jewels.
They are wearing expensive rings.
He knows who she is.
She knows who he is.
We know who he is.
They know who he is.
I know who she is.
You know who she is.
We know who she is.
They know who she is.
I know who I am.
You know who I am.
He knows who I am.
She knows who I am.
They know who I am.
He knows who you are.
She knows who you are.
We know who you are.
They know who you are.
You know who we are.
He knows who we are.
She knows who we are.
We know who we are.
They know who we are.
I know who they are.
You know who they are.
He knows who they are.
She knows who they are.
We know who they are.
They know who they are.
She winked at him as soon as she saw him and signed for him to stay with her.
I was very happy.
You were very happy.
She was very happy.
We were very happy.
They were very happy.
I traveled on foot.
You traveled by train.
He traveled by boat.
She traveled by bus.
They traveled by car.
I didn't have anything to say to the manager.
You didn't have anything to say to Tom.
He didn't have anything to say to the teacher.
She didn't have anything to say to the policeman.
We didn't have anything to say to the mayor.
They didn't have anything to say to the judge.
I translated the article from Spanish into Basque.
You translated the play from Turkish into Arabic.
She translated the speech from Chinese into German.
We translated the report from English into Afrikaans.
They translated the novel from Russian into Armenian.
He has two houses.
We have two boats.
They have two dictionaries.
New York is the city you visit the most.
London is the city he loves the most.
Istanbul is the city she likes the most.
Shanghai is the city we miss the most.
Buenos Aires is the city they visit the most.
I'm sure that you will get angry.
I'm sure that she will get angry.
I'm sure that they will get angry.
I admitted that I was wrong.
You admitted that you were wrong.
We admitted that we were wrong.
They admitted that they were wrong.
You took an airplane from Paris to New York.
She took an airplane from Algiers to Rome.
We took an airplane from Mexico to Madrid.
They took an airplane from Berlin to Istanbul.
This is me and this is my cat.
"You've got a crush on this boy." "No, I don't!"
We need to be prepared.
You need to be prepared.
I need to be prepared.
I'm hit!
It's on fire.
She is about to die.
He is about to die.
Baguettes are delicious.
French bread is delicious.
You're a real pain in the ass.
She's a pain in the ass.
He's a pain in the ass.
I never talked to her again.
I never talked to him again.
I actually don't know the answer.
What is the purpose of education?
The world is changing fast.
Don't open the door for anybody.
She works long hours.
He works long hours.
Ancient archeological sites are under threat in Syria.
He's watching the Paralympics.
She competed in the Paralympic Games.
What was he doing there?
What was she doing there?
What was she doing here?
What was he doing here?
He was accused of being a spy.
She was arrested and accused of being a spy.
The roof is leaking.
What do you really think?
What do you really think of her?
I can barely see it.
I am not proud of this.
Are you sure about that?
It's like a drug.
I cannot remember a single thing of what I did.
If I were more creative, I'd have finished hours ago.
If I were more creative, I would try to write music.
If I were more creative, I'd draw "the foreign".
The blackboard is blank.
If he is born today we'll name him Alvaro, otherwise we'll name him Pablo.
That day, the most important invention of humanity was born.
Is an invisible mirror a mirror at all?
I feel comfortable in awkward situations.
You have been skipping school for a week already.
Maybe I am like him, or maybe you are. Maybe everyone is.
The white curtains flutter in the breeze in a heavy, lazy motion, like waves.
The remainder of his sentence was drowned out by the sudden noise.
She fidgeted, looking noticeably contrite.
I began to feel as if I had haplessly tumbled down into this crazy wonderland.
The place is a beehive of activity.
The room is empty apart from the speck of dust floating in the air.
He chivalrously carries our bags.
You sold your soul to the devil and didn't get anything in return? What's wrong with you!?
My legs are killing me.
She rolled her eyes in exasperation.
He burst the door open and nearly took it off the hinges.
It fits on a single floppy disk.
You need to lower your standards.
She needs to lower her standards.
He needs to lower his standards.
I share a house with two of my friends.
The more I spoke, the wider her grin became.
She disappeared leaving only a conspiratorial wink.
It's the perfect size.
It's not logical.
She's now older and wiser.
He's older, but no wiser.
Is the phone ringing?
Fire!
He was caught with his pants down.
She was caught with her pants down.
You cannot be serious!
They need the money.
You have brought shame upon our family.
He has brought shame upon his family.
Are you out of your mind?
You're safe now.
This team rocks!
At the moment, you are entering your sentences in the wrong place. You should select "Contribute" at the top of the page and then "Add sentences".
Unlike "then", "than" is not related to time. "Than" is used in comparative statements.
My sneakers stink to high heaven!
My sneakers smell to disgust!
That guy is a party pooper.
That guy is a party spoiler.
You give up too easily.
Don't you have any friends?
I wish I could see Tom again.
You're a powerful woman!
The investor stole the capital of his client.
Marie-France and Joël are good friends.
I had difficulties interpreting the question.
Dinner is usually not ready until six o'clock.
For me, interpreting the question was problematic.
After taking a bath, Tom ate dinner.
After Tom had eaten everything on his plate, he asked Mary if he could eat her salad.
Do you know if Tom has already eaten?
Do you know what Tom ate for lunch?
Has Tom eaten yet?
I suppose it could have been Tom who ate my ham sandwich.
I wasn't sure if Tom had eaten yet.
I would never eat anything that Tom makes.
If Tom ate more vegetables, he'd probably be healthier.
If Tom doesn't eat this, please give it to Mary.
If Tom would eat less, he'd be healthier.
If Tom wouldn't eat so much, he wouldn't be so fat.
Is Tom finished eating?
The doctor told Tom that he should eat a lot of vegetables.
The last piece of cake was eaten by Tom.
Tom accidentally ate some rat poison.
Tom always eats before going to work.
Tom always eats breakfast cereal without sugar.
Tom always peels apples before he eats them.
Tom always washes his hands before eating anything.
Tom and Mary don't have much money so they seldom eat out.
Tom ate a light lunch before working out.
Tom ate all of the chocolate.
Tom ate all the bread that I bought yesterday.
Tom ate dinner, but he didn't eat any dessert.
Tom ate in the classroom with his classmates.
Tom ate like a pig.
Tom ate some of my rice while I was away from the table.
Tom ate something.
Tom ate the apple that Mary had left on the dining room table.
Tom ate the banana without washing his hands.
Tom ate the last piece of cake.
Tom ate the leftover pizza for breakfast.
Tom doesn't allow his son to eat ice cream.
Tom doesn't eat a balanced diet.
Tom doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't like to eat onions.
Tom eats lunch every day at noon.
Tom eats anything that Mary puts on the table.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at six o'clock.
Tom eats fish at least once a week.
Tom eats more food than Mary does.
Tom eats rice almost every day.
Tom finished eating then washed the dishes.
Tom had already eaten lunch when Mary arrived.
Tom hardly ever eats cucumbers.
Tom has already eaten.
Tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager.
Tom has eaten three hot dogs so far.
Tom has never eaten raw horse meat.
Tom hasn't been able to eat solid food since his accident.
Tom is eating lunch now.
Tom is planning to eat dinner with Mary tonight.
Tom might eat this, but I doubt it.
Tom might have eaten before he came.
Tom might have eaten the stew if it had been less salty.
Tom might not eat this kind of cheese.
Tom might want to eat something when he finishes working out.
Tom never used to eat so much junk food.
Tom not only eats more than Mary does, but he also eats much faster.
Tom often eats breakfast by himself.
Tom often eats popcorn when he's watching a movie.
Tom only eats kosher food.
Tom probably wants to eat some Chinese food.
Tom refused to eat what his mother put on the table.
Tom said he had a stomachache and didn't feel like eating anything.
Tom said that he was planning to eat the whole watermelon by himself.
Tom said that he was too busy to eat.
Tom said that he'd never eaten such a delicious meal before.
Tom sat there silently watching Mary eat the last of the food.
Tom says that he's just eaten.
Tom seems to be eating all the time.
Tom seldom eats seafood.
Tom should have already eaten by now.
Tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
Tom shouldn't have eaten so much.
Tom told me that I should eat at that restaurant.
Tom told me that you like to eat spicy food.
Tom told us that we would eat as soon as we got to the cabin.
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.
Tom uses a spoon to eat rice, but Mary prefers to use chopsticks.
Tom usually eats alone.
Tom usually eats anything that Mary puts in front of him.
Tom usually eats too quickly.
Tom usually takes a shower before eating breakfast.
Tom wanted to eat cake and ice cream for dessert.
Tom wants to eat some apple pie.
Tom was eating dinner when Mary arrived.
Tom was eating his dessert when the phone rang.
Tom was hungry, so he asked Mary to cook something.
Tom was the first one to finish eating.
Tom wasn't very hungry, so he didn't eat much.
Tom watched a YouTube video on how to eat a pomegranate.
Tom will eat as soon as he gets home.
Tom will eat when he gets home.
Tom would have eaten more if he hadn't been sick.
Tom's eaten at that restaurant before.
We were eating dinner when Tom called.
We'll eat as soon as Tom gets here.
I think Tom wants something to eat.
Tom gave his dog something to eat.
Tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat.
You shouldn't eat this meat. It smells bad.
You shouldn't eat between meals.
You should pack a lunch so you'll have something to eat on your hike.
You should eat this while it's still warm.
You should eat a variety of fresh fruits and vegetables.
You may eat anything in the refrigerator.
You eat more food than I do.
Would you like to eat some pudding?
Would you like something to eat?
Why is it important to eat healthy food?
Why don't you come over and eat with us this evening?
Why aren't you eating?
Who will you eat dinner with tonight?
Who are you eating dinner with tonight?
Where do you eat lunch?
When you eat pancakes, how many do you usually eat?
When I was a child, my mother made me eat everything on my plate.
When do you usually eat lunch?
When do you eat turkey?
What's the most interesting thing you ate on your trip?
What're you eating?
What kind of food do you not like to eat?
What kind of food do you like to eat?
What I want now is something to eat.
What have you eaten today?
What do whales eat?
What did you eat?
What did you eat for lunch?
We're just getting ready to eat.
We're going to eat dinner at the Jacksons' tonight.
We're going to eat at a new restaurant tonight.
We're about to eat.
We'll have finished eating by the time you arrive.
We'll eat lunch on the bus.
We'll eat at six o'clock.
We'll be eating soon.
We usually eat before seven.
We ate way too much last night.
We are eating now. Could you please call back later?
This is the first time I've ever eaten store-bought cookies.
This is one of the best places to eat in town.
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library.
The teacher told us that we couldn't eat in the classroom.
The last time I ate at that restaurant the food wasn't very good.
The dog quickly ate everything in its dish.
The doctor told me that I should eat less.
The doctor told me that I should eat breakfast every day.
The doctor told me that I should change my eating habits.
The coach told the players not to eat too much before the game.
The chicken has already been eaten.
Some people think that eating grapefruit with every meal will help you lose weight.
Since it was raining, we had to eat our picnic lunch indoors.
Please wash your hands before you eat.
Please wash the lettuce well before you eat it.
Please let me eat in peace.
One way to lose weight is to eat less.
On Friday nights, I often go eat pizza with my friends.
No one wanted to eat.
No one ate anything.
My children will probably have eaten all the candy by the time I get home.
My children refuse to eat fish.
My children had eaten all the cookies by the time I got home.
Most of us don't eat a balanced diet.
Mashed potatoes are often eaten with gravy.
Many people eat fried chicken with their fingers.
Many children don't like eating spinach.
Lunch is usually eaten on the deck.
Let's go outside and eat.
Let's go out and eat.
Let's eat.
Let's eat together tonight.
Let's eat out.
Let's eat lunch outside.
It's more expensive to eat at a restaurant than to eat at the school cafeteria.
It costs a lot of money to eat out.
If you'd eat a bit less, you'd lose a few pounds.
If you eat well, you're likely to live longer.
If you eat too much, you'll get fat.
If you always eat that much, you'll gain weight.
If he hadn't been eating while driving, he wouldn't have had an accident.
I've heard that you shouldn't eat red meat more than once a day.
I've eaten all the crackers.
I've already eaten.
I'm sorry, but I can't eat dinner with you.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
I'm planning on making us something to eat.
I'm going to get something to eat.
I'm glad that I didn't eat the same thing that you did.
I'm glad that I didn't eat the food that made you sick.
I'll eat lunch when I get home.
I'd suggest that you don't eat there. It's high priced and the food doesn't taste all that good.
I'd rather not eat this.
I'd never go back to eating meat.
I'd like to eat something light.
I wish I could've eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish I could eat steak more often.
I wish I could eat some chocolate ice cream right now.
I was being eaten alive by mosquitos.
I want to eat some grapes.
I usually eat at home with my family.
I usually don't have time to eat a large lunch.
I tried to eat it, but I couldn't.
I think this is the best place to eat in town.
I think this is the best meal I've ever eaten.
I shouldn't have eaten so much.
I saw a snake eating a mouse.
I plan to eat as soon as I get off work.
I only eat meat about three times a week.
I only eat kosher food.
I often eat peanut butter on crackers.
I often eat chicken.
I like to eat a late breakfast.
I like salmon. I eat it as often as I can.
I haven't eaten at my grandmother's house since I was a kid.
I haven't eaten anything since breakfast.
I haven't been eating out much lately.
I have to eat dinner with my boss tonight.
I had just finished eating lunch when my doorbell rang.
I enjoy eating with you.
I enjoy eating many different kinds of food.
I eat lunch at the same time every day.
I eat dinner every evening at six o'clock.
I dreamed that I was eating my granddaughter's wedding cake.
I don't want to eat this.
I don't want to eat anything.
I don't often eat deep-fried food.
I don't like to eat garlic in the morning.
I don't know if I'll be able to eat lunch with you tomorrow.
I don't eat green peppers at all.
I didn't have time to eat breakfast this morning.
I didn't eat lunch yesterday.
I didn't eat breakfast this morning.
I didn't eat anything.
I didn't eat anything yesterday.
I couldn't eat anything else.
I couldn't eat another bite.
I ate the pork even though it was undercooked.
I ate pizza every day last week.
I ate half the apple before I noticed there was a worm in it.
How often do you eat caviar?
How much time does it usually take you to eat breakfast?
How much rice do you eat every day?
How much does it cost to eat at such a place?
How much cake can you eat?
How many meals do you eat a day?
How many eggs did you eat this morning?
How many cookies did you eat?
How many bowls of rice did you eat?
Horses eat grass.
Have you finished eating?
Have you eaten anything unusual recently?
Have the guests eaten?
Have the children eaten yet?
Give it to my dog. He'll eat anything.
Eating with you is a pleasure.
Eat everything on your plate.
Do you want to eat now or later?
Dinner is ready to eat.
Did you eat your spinach?
Could you bring me something to eat?
After eating, the first thing I do is brush my teeth.
Ecstasy is a stimulant type of drug.
"We need to talk." "I don't need to talk to you anymore."
I didn't hear my alarm clock.
That ship has sailed.
He gave them a lift to the town.
I used to read every book that came my way.
The young man's face became even redder.
Human blood has the same colour everywhere.
Where can I check my luggage in?
The young woman's face became even redder.
I'm working right now.
I love Aimer's music.
I'm a terrible swimmer.
He is going to be a father soon.
Tom couldn't swim.
I'm going to sign up for a German class right now.
The company decided to hire two new secretaries.
The cold spell slowed the growth of the rice plants.
All of the children were completely asleep before it got dark.
Which language is spoken in Uruguay?
There are books about art on the table.
Her mother knew that her eldest daughter had signed up for a drama seminar, but she had no idea that she was so deeply involved as to appear on stage.
We want to protect this world we have.
The foreigners are having a tennis tournament. Do you want to go?
Kotaro found a large swallowtail butterfly and chased him about 20 meters inside the grass field.
Where does he practice law?
Don't do anything you wouldn't want to be caught dead doing.
Don't do anything you wouldn't want somebody to catch you doing if you died while doing it.
Stay right where you are.
There's a new sheriff in town.
Proceed with caution.
I'm glad someone agrees with me for once.
I don't want to get involved.
He doesn't want to get involved.
She doesn't want to get involved.
She's in the kitchen.
He's in the closet.
She's on her way.
He's on his way.
It makes no sense at all.
I'm working on it.
He's working on it.
She's working on it.
This is totally insane.
He's in for a shock.
She's in for a shock.
I hope someone sees this.
I hope she sees this.
I hope he sees this.
He has testicular cancer.
She has breast cancer.
I'm sure he would approve.
I'm sure she would approve.
The show starts in ten minutes.
Did I get it right?
It was the only way.
Can I touch it?
There's nothing fun about that.
There's nothing funny about that.
She laughed and gave me a playful shove.
What is she up to?
What is the cat up to?
You're just not the person I thought you were.
She's just not the person I thought she was.
He's just not the person I thought he was.
Thanks for the hint.
I've come a long way.
She has come a long way.
He has come a long way.
How are you today, my brother?
Since you're a minor, you aren't allowed to enter.
It's a tough read.
It's getting larger.
That's impossible for me.
I can't afford it.
He was happy that he passed that exam.
Dogs can see in the dark.
Please don't hesitate to call.
It was last week that John bought a second-hand car.
You shouldn't be concerned about the exam. I'm sure it is far beneath your talents.
I'm here and I would like to say something.
No one can control him.
Since you are here, we might as well begin.
"You want to travel to so many countries, how do you plan to communicate with other people?" "That is not a problem. I can speak Esperanto."
He's too old.
The purpose of antitrust law is to stop the abusive influence of the market by big companies.
Let's go to loot the supermarket!
This bag is greasy.
Saturdays are sacred.
Please don't touch this.
Please don't touch me.
He loves animals a lot.
Send the package to me care of Miss E Book.
We're mounting it!
We are mounting it!
Mayuko doesn't get enough sleep.
The problem is that solar energy just costs too much.
The foreigners are having a tennis tournament. Would you like to come and watch it?
If you are up for it, let's go!
As we age, our ability to remember gets worse.
There are two slices of pizza for each person.
When I don't have anything to say, I am not embarrassed to be quiet.
We will be done in at most an hour.
We say that there's a man in the moon but no-one really believes it.
I'm told that eating jelly helps grow strong nails.
There's a spider on my ceiling and it isn't contributing to the rent.
I hate doing the washing up, even more than cleaning the toilet.
No, just the one.
No, just one.
I can't believe she did that to me - she turned out to be a real frenemy.
What do you want for your birthday?
I know just enough German to get me into trouble.
And pigs might fly!
It being a name, I think you can just leave it as it is with no detriment to the translation.
You're not paying attention to what I'm saying. Your mind is elsewhere.
You should have told him.
The fact that these assertions have consistently proved to be without foundation unfortunately does not prevent their repetition.
They don't understand me when I speak German.
I've misjudged you.
These facts support my hypothesis.
Your will is unimportant in love. We don't choose who we love.
It's a polytechnic engineer.
That is an absolute lie.
I prefer to go barefoot in the house.
How did you discover that Tom was the one who had embezzled the money?
How did you ever get Tom to give you that painting?
How did Tom ever get Mary to go out with him?
How did you find out that Tom hadn't paid his bills?
How did you find out that Tom was the one who had eaten your sandwich?
How did you get Tom to give you so much money?
How did you get Tom to quit drinking?
How did you manage to get Tom to do that?
How did you manage to talk Tom into working for you?
How did you know that Tom didn't like Mary?
How do you know that Tom doesn't like Mary?
How did you know that Tom had never been to Boston?
How did you know Tom wanted to go to Boston?
How did you know that Tom was planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
How did you know that Tom would be late?
How did you know Tom would be there?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't show up on time?
How did you know his name was Tom?
How did you know his name wasn't Tom?
How did Tom know that Mary would be here?
How did Tom know that Mary wouldn't be here?
How did you learn that Tom was living in Boston?
How did you learn that Tom wasn't living in Boston?
How did you and Tom meet?
How did Tom ever pass that test?
How did Tom get his hands on so much money?
How did Tom get to be so rich?
How did Tom get into that mess?
How will Tom get out of that mess?
I wonder how Tom will get out of that mess.
How did Tom get to know Mary?
How did Tom convince Mary to marry him?
How do you think Tom will convince Mary to marry him?
How did Tom lose so much weight so quickly?
How was Tom able to lose so much weight so quickly?
How did Tom manage to lose so much weight so quickly?
I can't figure out how Tom managed to lose so much weight so quickly.
How does Tom manage to stay so slim?
How did Tom manage to do that?
I wonder how Tom managed to park his car in such a small space.
How did Tom get Mary and John to stop fighting?
How did Tom die?
How did Tom get in?
How did Tom respond?
How did Tom manage that?
How did Tom react?
How did Tom cope with the problem?
How do you think Tom will cope with the situation?
How did we get into so much trouble?
How did we get into this situation?
How did you become interested in studying languages?
How did you become involved in this project?
How did you come up with such a good idea?
How did you come up with that answer?
How did you end up in Boston?
How did you get interested in art?
How did you get so good at French?
How did you learn to speak French so well?
How did you learn to cook so well?
How did you learn to dance so well?
How did you lose so much weight?
How did you wind up doing this kind of work?
How did you handle the situation?
How do we do that?
How do you think that makes me feel?
How do you pronounce this?
I don't understand this confusing grammar question.
I've been very hungry since this morning.
You old moron! What do you understand?!
God surveyed the people, and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them, but the rank odour of punishments.
His English is excellent.
Do not talk nonsense, My job is very boring!
From what school did you graduate?
Assets have earning power or some other value to their owner.
Many people who are blind do use a form of echolocation, and what Daniel Kish does, he takes that ability and hones it.
She likens the impact of his training to a piano student progressing from the ability to play a simple tune to performing a concerto.
My younger brother is still sleeping.
People want it!
My father waters the flowers.
Have you already seen the film?
They stayed like that for a while.
Jam comes in a jar.
Tell the world I'm coming home.
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still speak German?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still know German?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger visit Austria?
My brother wants to visit Liechtenstein.
He is searching one of his friends.
When I was sick, she didn't come to visit me.
When I was at hospital, she didn't come to visit me.
His behavior angered the policeman.
He stole a motorcycle from a student.
He vowed to avenge his friend's death.
He thinks a lot about his father.
He talks a lot about his father.
I wonder why he talks a lot about his father.
Who is this Tom you always talk about?
The father is in good health.
This book isn't as easy as that one.
That'll teach you!
In the valley, the violets came out early.
At what time are we going to get a bite to eat, with all that?
"I'd like to play cards." "So would I."
She gets about with the help of a walker.
I want to summarize the content of the presentation and draw a conclusion.
Summarize the text with your own words.
I work a lot.
He works a lot.
You saved us all.
He saved us all.
She saved us all.
Show me how to do this.
Show him how to do this.
Can you show me how to do this?
I love my Tamagotchi.
I'm not a thief.
I'm not a crook.
The enemy is weak.
Our allies are weak.
Stay away from my daughter!
I've done it before.
He said that he would help me.
She said that she would help me.
I said that I would help him.
I said that I would help her.
We have a serious problem.
I have a serious problem.
A trilogy usually has three parts.
Why are you two always fighting?
Why are they always fighting?
Why are these two always fighting?
It's okay as long as no one finds out about it.
Don't blame the victim.
Watch where you're going!
Tom lives in a small town in the Bavarian Alps.
Whales are not fish. They are mammals.
They're intelligent and voracious.
That's not very reassuring.
No one will remember your own memories.
Thanks for the advice.
This lady is old and crazy.
She's old and crazy.
He's old and crazy.
You have no right to be here.
I will do anything that you ask.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
Don't worry. She knows what she's doing.
She has a photographic memory.
He has a photographic memory.
The man standing over there next to the bookcase has a photographic memory.
That woman who has a child on her knee has a photographic memory.
The answer is 42.
That man standing near the door and that woman on the opposite side of the room next to the window have photographic memories.
He did not come.
She did not come.
Computers are better than us.
Computers are better than us at playing chess.
He showed up late to practice.
She showed up early for practice.
That was my finger.
I'm from the future.
I've lived here my whole life.
There's a new boy in school.
There's a new girl in school.
Tom likes Mexican food.
That's not good enough.
Does he like me?
Does she like me?
There is a toy shop in the neighborhood.
I long for my lost happiness.
A large amount of money was spent on the new bridge.
I get hives when I eat eggs.
She gets hives when she eats eggs.
Because of the snow, the train didn't run.
I saw this movie a very long time ago.
When a man opens the door of a car for a woman, either the woman is new, or the car.
I've always wanted to meet you, but not, of course, under these circumstances.
I am trying to ask my questions in French.
What do UFOs believe in?
A ball hit me in the back of the head while I was playing soccer.
What did Malcolm X say?
What did Christopher Columbus discover?
What did Frida Kahlo paint?
What did Thomas Edison invent?
What did Galileo see?
Who did Pizarro kill?
Who did Atahualpa fight?
When did Geronimo die?
What did Shakespeare write?
What did Ella Fitzgerald sing?
What did James Cook describe?
What did Ferdinand Magellan do?
Who did William Wallace defeat?
What did Walt Disney draw?
Where did Marco Polo go?
Who did Confucius teach?
Where was Woody Allen born?
Who did Mike Tyson bite?
Where was Michael Jackson buried?
Who did Mother Teresa help?
Where did Mahatma Gandhi study?
Where was Nelson Mandela imprisoned?
Where was Guido Fawkes tortured?
Who did Maurice Papon torture?
When was John Kennedy assassinated?
Who did Batman save?
Where did Edgar Hoover work?
Where did Arnold Schwarzenegger come from?
Who did Diego Maradona train?
What did Henry Ford sell?
What did Shah Jahan build?
The sun never sets on my empire.
Ignorance and fear, those are the two pillars of any religion.
Torn by contradictions went back away.
He lives off the grid.
He's a dumpster diver.
She's a tree hugger.
I was shocked to see this.
This is good news.
This is bad news.
The iPhone 5 was released yesterday.
I have come here just to help.
He will notice sooner or later.
She will notice sooner or later.
The cat is in the box.
Tom and Mary rescued an orphaned kitten.
He has a tight schedule.
She has a tight schedule.
I have a tight schedule.
Tom bought a new pickup.
Tom bought a new pick-up.
He lives in his car.
Tom tried to impress a girl.
Skateboarding is dangerous.
I want a religion that respects the differences that exist between people and that states that each individual has their own personality.
Where did you start learning to speak Dutch?
We are defenseless.
Let's pretend this never happened.
I pretended that I didn't see it.
Tom tried to impress his boss.
Tom seems to be trying to impress the new manager.
I'm not trying to impress anyone.
Tom could sense that Mary was trying to impress him.
It's not clear who Tom was trying to impress.
I think Tom is trying to impress you.
I was impressed on how well Tom could speak French.
No matter how hard Tom tried, he couldn't impress Mary.
Tom is pretty good at juggling, but Mary doesn't seem to be impressed.
You have a great imagination.
Who were you dreaming about?
What's on your mind?
What were you dreaming about?
What are we supposed to do?
I've never stopped loving you.
I'll teach you what you need to know.
I'll teach you how to play the ukulele if you want me to.
I'll teach you everything you need to know.
I'll take care of you.
Don't do anything stupid.
Do as you're told.
We can't pretend that this didn't happen.
Tom pretends that he just doesn't care.
Tom pretended that what Mary said didn't hurt.
Tom pretended that he didn't know that Mary had stolen his money.
Tom pretended that he didn't know Mary.
Tom pretended that he didn't hear Mary calling his name.
Tom pretended that he didn't care that Mary was going out with John.
Tom pretended that he didn't care that he was poor.
Tom pretended he didn't see Mary do what she did.
Tom likes pretending that he's the boss.
Tom likes to pretend that he has a lot of money.
It's no use pretending that you can't speak French.
Tom pretended that it didn't matter to him that Mary was going out with John.
This won't take long.
He's a gambler.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't take too much time.
Tom didn't think that it would take a long time to complete the project.
Tom wondered how long it would take to finish the job.
Tom was a professional gambler before he met Mary.
He was the last to leave.
She was the last to leave.
Tom was the last one to leave the party.
Tom was the first one to leave work today.
Tom had planned to be the first one to get there, but Mary got there first.
Tom is usually the last to leave, but last night Mary left ten minutes after he did.
Tom is usually the last to leave, but last night Mary left after he did.
I don't ever want to hear that name in this house! Never again!
My schedule is really tight right now.
In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children.
I'm on a really tight schedule this week.
I understand that Tom is on a tight schedule, but I'd really appreciate it if I could get an appointment with him.
I hope Tom can fit me into his tight schedule.
I have an extremely tight schedule for tomorrow.
I have a tight schedule this weekend.
I have a pretty tight schedule today.
I had a very tight schedule last week, but this week I'm relatively free.
My hope was that he could.
We left when it was too late.
Now let's look at them one by one.
We will travel if the car is ready.
Even if it rains, we will travel.
Since no one remembered my birthday, I was upset.
Speak louder so that everyone can hear you better.
I'd be delighted.
Since I wasn't invited, I'll stay home.
It was too early to call the police.
The heat was so intense that I fainted.
Although they were not guilty, they were charged.
I hope we survive.
Life has a 100% fatality rate.
The bus goes from here to the garage.
You know as well as I do that we will die here.
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving.
He is said to have died.
I only wanted to be helpful.
Although I did not like math, I had to study logarithms.
You sweep the kitchen floor while I clean the bathroom.
This region was wiped off the map after a hurricane.
It will be hard to sweep these crumbs.
Someone swept the pantry.
It will be difficult to sweep the room with the fan on!
I'd be delighted if that happened again.
I'd be happy if that happened again.
I'd be unhappy if that happened again.
I'd be depressed if that happened again.
I'd be delighted if you could come with us.
I'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be delighted to sing for you.
I'd love to sing for you.
I'd be delighted if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be surprised if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team.
I'd be delighted if you could join us for dinner.
It would be great if you could join us for dinner.
If you could manage to go camping with us, we'd be delighted.
If you were able to go camping with us, I think we'd all have fun.
We'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be happy to sing for you.
To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Are you spying on me?
Today, everyone is dead.
Balance of payments is total of all the money coming into a country from abroad less all of the money going out of the country during the same period.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.
Where are the parents?
Call us when you get there.
Come as you are.
Get in the car.
Go back to bed.
Go get changed.
Have some coffee.
Hold on a minute.
Lie still.
Stand where you are or I'll kill you.
Stay absolutely still.
Stay here all night if you want.
Are we ready to go?
Are you falling in love with me?
Are you finished?
Are you recording this?
Are you with someone?
As far as I know, Tom is happy.
As far as I know, Tom is retired.
As far as I know, Tom is still married.
Can I come to your office tomorrow?
Can I get you a drink?
Can I make copies?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Can we drop this?
Can we quit talking about this?
Can you read that?
Did Tom say he loved you?
Did Tom say how soon Mary could leave?
Did you ask Tom?
Did you talk to Tom?
Do you have to work tonight?
Do you know what that means?
Do you remember your grandfather?
Do you want to stop?
Does Tom know what time Mary's curfew is?
Don't ever do that again.
Don't think about stuff like that.
Don't you miss Tom?
Has Tom changed much?
Have you ever been inside Tom's house?
Have you made your decision yet?
Have you seen Tom try to start a fire?
Hold on for a few minutes, will you?
How are you feeling?
How did he ever get so lucky?
How exactly was Tom killed?
How far do we have to go?
How is the investigation's going?
How long do I have to stay?
How may I help you?
How was Tom killed?
Hurry up and bring me something to drink.
Hurry up or you'll be late.
I assume you're angry.
I believe this is mine.
I can't do this alone.
I can't imagine what you're going through.
I can't stay for dinner.
I can't take it anymore.
I didn't have enough time to eat everything that was served.
I didn't say that.
I don't believe that.
I don't have a lot of time.
I don't have anywhere else to go.
I don't know if Tom works there or not.
I don't like Tom and I don't trust him.
I don't want to talk.
I don't want you hanging out with Tom.
I guess it's true.
I have a decision to make.
I have a ton of work to do today.
I haven't been sleeping very much lately.
I haven't spoken to Tom in a while.
I hope it was worth it.
I hope Tom appreciates it.
I know you're not scared.
I like working with Tom.
I like working with you.
I need more money.
I need to borrow some money.
I need to pay my rent.
I really need to talk to you.
I saw Tom on television.
I should've warned you.
I stopped at the supermarket on my way home.
I think this is mine.
I think you're going to make it.
I think you're going to survive.
I thought maybe I'd better not clean my room.
I thought maybe I'd better not go home right away.
I understand your frustration.
I used to have a girlfriend.
I used to have a motorcycle.
I want to know where you heard that.
I want to know who told you that.
I want to show you something.
I want you to fly to Boston tomorrow.
I was just about to leave.
I wish you'd stop doing that.
I would've liked that.
I'll be careful.
I'll be checking on you.
I'll be praying for you.
I'm afraid I'm a bit out of shape.
I'm counting on it.
I'm going to give you one more chance.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
I'm going to the police.
I'm hungry.
I'm leaving today.
I'm not a child.
I'm not a monster.
I'm not done.
I'm not going to argue with you.
I'm not so sure.
I'm not totally stupid.
I'm pretty sure it's after 2:30.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
I'm starving.
I'm worried about Tom.
I've already told you what I think.
I've been trying to get your attention.
If you don't know, who does?
If you don't want to miss the train, you'd better hurry.
If you ever need a job, come see me.
If you ever need a job, go see Tom.
Is it any warmer inside?
Is Tom getting better?
It's not what you think.
Let me read you something.
Let's get some sleep.
Maybe we can talk about that later.
No one's shooting at us now.
Nobody wants to do that.
Please hurry! Tom is waiting.
Someone has to do it.
Take your seats, please.
Thank you very much.
That sounds great.
That would be a mistake.
There is a message for you.
There's no rush.
There's nothing more to say.
Tom always seems to be in a big hurry.
Tom asked me to ask you something.
Tom asks me the same question every day.
Tom felt that there was no need to hurry.
Tom got into the car and slammed the door.
Tom had a rough day at work.
Tom has a pretty good memory.
Tom hurried over to Mary's house.
Tom invited Mary to the party, didn't he?
Tom is asleep in his bedroom.
Tom is in bed, asleep.
Tom is in no hurry to sell his car.
Tom isn't sure what he should do.
Tom looked over at Mary.
Tom pushed open the bedroom door.
Tom said that he was in a hurry.
Tom sat cross-legged in the dark.
Tom slammed the door.
Tom told me everything.
Tom took a swig from the flask.
Tom tucked his shirt into his pants.
Tom usually wears silk pajamas.
Tom wanted me to drive.
Tom was in a big hurry.
Tom was in no hurry to get married.
Tom was murdered.
Tom was on the phone most of the day.
Tom was the last one into the car.
Tom went into the house.
Tom will be bored stiff.
Tom will be dead in a few days.
We both want to go to Boston.
We need to go visit Tom in the hospital.
We should do this again.
We were just going.
We'd better get going.
We'll talk again in the morning.
We're dealing with it.
We're just talking.
Were you there?
What am I doing here?
What are we going to do?
What are you drinking?
What are you guys drinking?
What can I get you?
What did Tom look like?
What did you find?
What did you tell Tom?
What do you think, Tom?
What else is new?
What time is your curfew?
What would you like?
What're you doing?
What's going on around here?
What's the big hurry?
What's the big rush?
What's the hurry?
What's the rush?
What's the score?
What's wrong with this?
When did you find out?
When do we leave?
Where can I reach you?
Where did you hear that?
Where's the shirt I bought you?
Who are you going with?
Who gave you this?
Why are we still talking about this?
Why did you like it?
Why didn't you do it?
Why didn't you tell someone?
Why would I be nervous?
Why would you want to do that?
Would you care for a little wine?
Would you like a shot of tequila?
Would you like to freshen up?
Would you like to meet Tom?
Would you like to switch seats?
You aren't the only one who's in love with Mary.
You don't need to be in such a hurry.
You don't need to hurry. Take your time.
You don't need to say anything.
You have a pretty good memory.
You must have thought of something.
You really don't have a clue, do you?
You said you were going to handle it.
You still haven't told me how old you are.
You still haven't told me what your phone number is.
You still haven't told me when you get off work.
You still haven't told me where you live.
You still haven't told me who he is.
You still haven't told me why you're here.
You weren't married for long, were you?
You've got a pretty good memory.
Your wife is going to ask you for a divorce.
Immediately said, immediately done.
My parents left the church.
According to Vladimir Chizhov, the word "pussy" is indecent.
Thanks for the comment.
My mother gave me a sewing machine.
Show me what to translate.
Show me what you want to translate.
Which part was translated?
Which part hasn't been translated?
Send me the text you want to translate.
After you translate this article, send it to me.
I can't translate this article into Arabic.
I have a lot of articles to translate.
I don't have time to translate this text.
Who can translate this article?
I translate only articles, not books.
There are some mistakes in your translation.
When are you going to start the translation of Mary's article?
I don't know whether I can translate this book or not.
I have never translated a book.
I have never tried to translate a book.
I have never thought about translating a book.
Can you translate a love letter?
Who did you translate this for?
Who translated this letter?
I knew it was Mary who translated this letter.
I will not translate contracts anymore.
These are technical documents and they are very difficult to translate.
She brought me a letter to translate.
I translate only for my manager.
I can't translate a sentence if I don't understand it.
You can try to translate this sentence. It's very easy.
I don't want to translate anything today.
I translate all day long.
No need to translate this text. I already have its Spanish version.
Can you translate from Norwegian into German?
How do you translate "Pfirsichbaeumchen" into Berber?
I heard that he could even translate from Ancient Hebrew.
She studied Chinese in order to translate her books into this language.
How many sentences can you translate per day?
I don't remember which articles I have translated and which I haven't.
Can you translate this abstract into Arabic?
Which language do you want me to translate this document into?
Who translates letters now?
You need a professional to translate this.
How can you translate what you don't understand?
When did you translate this letter?
I don't know how to translate this quote.
It's difficult to translate quotes.
The Quran was translated into many languages.
I don't translate novels anymore.
I translate into Esperanto for free.
I can't translate this contract. It's in Italian.
If you have anything to translate into Berber, ask Amastan.
She doesn't translate well.
He never translates my sentences.
I dislike to translate Mr Smith's letters. I can't even understand his French.
Although I'm fluent in French, I can't understand Mr Smith's French at all.
Mr Smith, better speak English. I can't understand your French at all.
If you want to speak in French in the United States, go to Louisiana.
If you want to find people who speak French in Canada, go to Quebec.
I usually translate from English into Spanish.
You can speak in Chinese. Lily will translate for me.
Who wants to translate this article?
I didn't translate a single sentence.
Now, Alexander can translate in Spanish.
I rented a car yesterday.
I ate fish yesterday.
I sent a present to Mary yesterday.
I sometimes translate lyrics for my wife.
Do you translate lyrics?
This princess is in the castle.
He was sent to save the princess.
Who was sent to save the princess?
He had to save the princess.
Where was the princess?
Where was the princess imprisoned?
He saved the princess.
Don't look down.
Why are you looking down?
Let's do that again.
My father didn't want to watch the film.
Something is coming.
I don't know where he is now.
You don't know where he is.
You will never know where he is.
Never flee from injustice, intolerance, or insanity. Reason must prevail.
You're mocking me, aren't you?
I'm hungry. I'm not angry.
I'm ready to follow you.
What are you doing on the balcony?
She didn't know there was a translation of the Quran in Hebrew.
Who translated the Quran in Hebrew?
He read the translation of the Quran in Hebrew in less than a week.
She likes to read everything, and she read the Quran in all the languages she knows.
I think that this Chinese guy is a Muslim. He's listening to the Quran.
Hebrew was, for him, a bit more difficult than he imagined.
I found a French-Hebrew dictionary at a small bookstore.
This is a Hebrew word and it means "friend".
I didn't know that this word came from Hebrew.
I don't know many words in Hebrew.
Modern Hebrew is easier than Ancient Hebrew.
These texts were written in Hebrew, not in Aramaic.
This is not Hebrew. It's Yiddish.
Yiddish is written with the Hebrew alphabet.
Hebrew is written from right to left, just like Arabic.
She speaks Hebrew with her mother and Polish with her father.
I'll be glad to be friends with you.
He strives to succeed.
Get back here.
Get my rifle.
Give me a chance.
Give me a second.
Give me the ball.
Give me your gun.
Go warm up.
Grab hold of this.
Hurry home.
Pace yourself.
Read this now.
Release him.
Say that again.
Stay down.
Stay with me.
Step inside.
Stop yelling.
Take a card.
Take the garbage out.
Wait here.
Wait right here.
Don't be alarmed.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't do that.
Don't forget that.
Don't give up.
Don't leave me.
Don't turn around.
Don't wait up.
I have noticed this too.
The old man is taking a walk in the park.
Tom is very proud of his custom bike.
He's very proud of his custom motorcycle.
This is epic.
This is an epic story.
This is an epic poem.
This is an epic fail.
This is an epic novel.
I can't control it.
I can't control myself.
He can't control himself.
She can't control herself.
Tom couldn't control himself when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom was trying to control his own violent temper.
Now that Tom is taking proper medication, he should be able to control himself better.
Tom was unable to control himself any longer.
This star is five light years away.
Tom wanted to hit Mary, but he controlled himself.
It's not natural.
This is not natural.
It's not natural for a mother to outlive her child.
I'm a natural blonde.
Brown is not her natural hair color.
I am not your enemy.
We are not your enemy.
I don't want to be your enemy.
Let's not be enemies.
There is no cure for schizophrenia.
Tom is an enterprising young man.
I don't want to go to jail.
Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
She likes yoga and hula hooping.
He is a yogi.
This young couple is in love.
Where's Tom going?
Where's Tom going to sleep?
What does Tom mean?
What did you say to Tom?
What did you do to Tom?
Tom's house shouldn't be too hard to find.
Tom would have loved this movie.
Tom will make a good spy.
Tom will help me.
Tom will be fine.
Tom was trying to escape.
Tom was standing near the trophy case.
Tom walked into the house.
Tom vowed to rescue Mary.
Tom stood up suddenly.
Tom says that he used to hang out with the Beatles.
Tom says it's time to leave.
Tom puts his arm around Mary.
Tom opened the gate.
Tom never even knew his father.
Tom looks very pleased.
Tom looks terrified.
Tom looks scared.
Tom looks nervous.
Tom looked surprised.
Tom looked horrified.
Tom lives on a farm in California.
Tom knew Mary wasn't a criminal.
Tom isn't coming back.
Tom is vicious.
Tom is very sick.
Tom is over there.
Tom is out in the garden.
Tom is obviously lying.
Tom is not happy.
Tom is not dead.
Tom is lucky to be alive.
Tom is just a boy.
Tom is anorexic.
Tom hates to get his feet wet.
Tom has only been here a week.
Tom has never done this before.
Tom has got a cold.
Tom has an ugly face.
Tom gave me some pills.
Tom dresses like a girl.
Tom doesn't seem to know the answer.
Tom doesn't seem to know French.
Tom doesn't know how to drive.
Tom can't talk.
Tom beat me up.
Tom and Mary sat down to eat.
They took Tom away.
That can't be Tom.
Listen to Tom.
Is Tom doing okay?
Is Tom all right?
I'm a friend of Tom's.
I'd like to ease Tom's pain.
I think Tom is a terrific kid.
I know you like Tom.
I know Tom likes you.
I have to find Tom.
I gave it to Tom yesterday.
I don't believe Tom.
I asked Tom.
Do you know where Tom is?
Your dinner is getting cold.
You're wonderful.
You're wasting my time.
You're not sick.
You're not my mother.
You're not listening to me.
You're not dead yet.
You're creative.
You're being paranoid.
You're a traitor.
You'd better stay with me.
You'd better sit here.
You won't even remember me a few years from now.
You made it possible.
You do that and I'll fire you.
You did that on your own, didn't you?
You can tell me anything.
You aren't my mother.
Would you mind if I kissed you?
Would you like to hear my new song?
Would you like to come in?
Will there be any food at the party?
Why would I know that?
Why don't you ever cook?
Why did you lock the door?
Why did you change your mind?
Why are you all here?
Whose suitcase is that?
Who said I stole the money?
Who said I had a gun?
Who do we owe money to?
Where've you been?
Where's the butter?
Where did you hear that story?
Where did you go to school?
Where did everybody go?
Where are my parents?
When did you notice that?
When did that happen?
When can you start?
What's the matter with you?
What's in the bucket?
What'd I do?
What was it?
What is it you want most?
What if they don't like me?
What happens now?
What exactly don't you get?
What else can go wrong?
What does it look like?
What do you see?
What do you call this?
What do these markings mean?
What did I miss?
What are you watching?
What are you going to do next?
What am I going to do?
We're still shopping around.
We're home.
We're going to another party after this one.
We're done.
We'll talk about this later.
We'll figure something out.
We were too late.
We sure had fun, didn't we?
We succeeded.
We made it.
We don't have to go.
This story is too predictable.
This is incredible.
They're waiting for you.
They're mad at you.
They'll be fine.
They can't push us around.
There's no way out.
There is no one there.
There is a full moon tonight.
The sun has set.
The road was very bumpy.
The rescue workers arrived two hours too late.
The food is spoiled.
That's no good.
That's my wish.
That's mine.
That's amazing.
That's a good point.
That was so cool.
That was great.
That was amazing.
That took guts.
That is all.
Tell me about your wife.
Something's missing.
Sharks eat fish.
See you later.
Please don't go away.
Parties are fun.
Nobody's going to hurt you.
Nobody's ever heard of him.
Nobody knows.
My eyes are burning.
My daughter was taken away from me.
My children were taken away from me.
Mary's my niece.
Mary's in there.
Mary's confused.
Mary likes you.
Make the new guy do it.
Lower your voice.
Let's talk about this later.
Let's take the short cut.
Let's put it to a vote.
Let's hit the showers.
Let's do this properly.
Let's clean up this mess.
It's time for school.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It was superb.
It smells bad.
It is kind of pretty, isn't it?
Isn't that right?
Is anyone hurt?
I've never seen you like this.
I've learned to cook.
I've done it.
I've been there before.
I'm your best friend.
I'm willing to apologize.
I'm trying to talk to you.
I'm still shopping around.
I'm not selling you my car.
I'm not married.
I'm not going to touch it.
I'm not going to hurt you.
I'm not coming back.
I'm not coming back here.
I'm looking for someone.
I'm hitting the road.
I'm going to teach you some karate.
I'm going to start over.
I'm going to miss you.
I'm going to miss you, too.
I'll tell you what's wrong.
I'll show you how to do it.
I'll set you free.
I'll prove it to you.
I'll pick you up after school.
I'll help you pack.
I'll get rid of them.
I'll get back to you.
I'll do it with you.
I'll call them.
I'll ask him.
I'd love to get rid of this old car.
I'd like to talk to you.
I wouldn't do that.
I wonder what that means.
I was just looking around.
I want you to let me go.
I want you to come right over.
I want to fight.
I think you're nuts.
I think we need more time.
I think we need more food.
I think we need more coffee.
I sure hope he passes the test.
I suppose we could walk.
I still don't get it.
I see a giraffe.
I put on some clean clothes.
I play baseball.
I never said that.
I never knew that.
I never knew my father.
I missed you so much.
I love your garden.
I love to swim.
I love jokes.
I love games.
I locked the door.
I know your son.
I know this will work.
I know just what you need.
I just want to help.
I just don't believe it.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
I highly doubt that.
I have a better idea.
I got my hair cut yesterday.
I don't want to go.
I don't want them to go away.
I don't understand it.
I don't really have a gun.
I don't really have a cold.
I don't need this anymore.
I don't know where I'm going.
I don't know how to drive.
I don't care if you're busy. Please help me now.
I don't believe it.
I didn't see you.
I didn't even know his name.
I didn't cheat.
I didn't break it.
I come here every Monday.
I can't wait till summer.
I can't see.
I can't go in there.
I can't do it right away.
I can prove it to you.
I can feel it.
I can do this.
I built this for you.
I bet you didn't know that.
I believed you.
I appreciate it.
I am ashamed.
I actually enjoyed that.
How's your old lady doing?
How much does the job pay?
How late do you stay open?
Have a seat, won't you?
Fasten your seatbelts.
Everyone looks uncomfortable.
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.
Don't you get it?
Does anybody here have a corkscrew?
Do you want some of these fries?
Do you want me to leave?
Do you want me to leave the light on?
Do you trust me?
Do you think I'm healthy?
Do you smell something?
Do you remember how we met?
Do I have a choice?
Do you have some wine?
Did you see what I did?
Did you hear it too?
Did you have fun last night?
Did you drop it?
Come on up here.
Can you pitch?
Can you hear us?
Aren't those your parents?
Are you up?
Are you sure you're not tired?
Are you here alone?
Are you going to eat those fries?
Are you going to eat that?
Are you getting tired?
Are you a ghost?
Anybody could do this.
He's a community leader.
I've never told anyone.
He claims to have visions from God.
She turned around and scowled at me.
This is a sign.
It's easier than it sounds.
He felt the same way as I did.
She felt the same way as I did.
I'm at your disposal.
That sounds a lot easier to do than it is.
It's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
Making jewelry is a lot easier than it sounds like it would be.
I've never told anyone that my father is in prison.
I've never told anyone that before.
I've never told anyone that before, not even my mother.
I've never told anyone why I have trouble sleeping.
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.
I'll never tell anyone who you really are.
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.
The alloted time ticked quickly away.
Although I didn't like math, I had to study logarithms.
Transtextuality and transsexuality sound similar but have totally different meanings.
He isn't at home.
Suddenly a man appeared, grabbed my suitcase and ran away.
Suddenly a man appeared, packed my suitcase and ran away.
Yiddish is written in Hebrew characters.
I can't afford to buy clothes regularly.
The number of fools is infinite.
I don't like Esperanto, because it is too difficult.
In the German language there are many long words.
And I had sex twice already, and it's just midday here.
Although I did not like math, I had to learn logarithms.
By three consecutive weddings the Austrian monarchy became the dominant house of Europe for a quarter of a century.
Muslims believe only in Allah as the unique God, and in Mohammad as the last prophet.
Bob has answers to all of the questions.
Mary believes that Latin is not a dead language.
My brother has never lost at tennis.
I cannot write traditional characters, but I am fine reading them.
Monarchs do not joke.
"How many questions did you get right?" "Zilch."
God created mankind.
There are many long words in the German language.
Leave me some ice cream.
"What do special forces do apart from training and fighting?" "Training."
See that stone? In the special forces you got to take it and walk with it at least ten miles.
Football is a sport.
Let's do our job.
Allow us to do our job.
Let us do our job.
Let Tom do his job.
Let me do my job.
Let Mary do her job.
Let them do their jobs.
Let them do their job.
I'm buying.
Tom is buying.
"Are you sad?" "No. Why would I be?"
"Are you and Tom enemies?" "No. Why would we be?"
Come down here.
Get out of the van.
Get rid of the gun.
Get that thing off of me.
Give me a hand.
Give me a hug.
Give me a kiss.
Go take a walk.
Go to your room.
Grab my hand.
Keep me informed.
Keep the kids indoors.
Keep the kids inside.
Leave a message.
Let me find out.
Let me give you a hug.
Let me heat it up some leftovers for you.
Pull over here.
Start the car.
Try not to look so nervous.
Try to open the door.
Walk this way.
Don't kill me.
Don't be crazy.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be upset.
Don't forget.
Don't make a sound.
Don't push me.
Don't say anything.
Don't let Tom eat this.
She could not get over her husband's death.
Sometimes I can run as fast as the wind.
Can I know where you work?
Could you lend me a helping hand?
Could you lend me a hand?
Give him a big hand!
Laurie is a girl.
Japanese youth is better.
What's the benefit of this?
What does one profit from this?
I've learnt to cook.
Good day.
Never bring up religion or politics in the first conversation!
It could be fatal.
Tom has good intentions.
I wish all language lovers a Happy and Sweet Year 5773!
I like your coffee.
She's the most beautiful woman.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the postal code 8000.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the zip code 8000.
That woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
"Have you seen Tom?" "Not in the last few days."
I didn't get any of that.
I didn't understand any of that.
We live in one world.
You are always convinced that you have the power to make a situation come out the way you want.
Tom has a dog named Cookie.
Tom wanted to name his puppy Cookie.
Tom thought Cookie would be a good name for his dog.
Tom couldn't decide whether to name his dog Cookie or Pochi.
Tom's dog's name is Cookie.
Tom named his dog Cookie.
Have Tom call me.
Tell me what Tom said.
Tell Tom I have to work late tonight.
Tell Tom I'll be there as soon as I can.
Tell me what's going on.
Tell me what you see.
Tell me what to do here.
Tell me how you did it.
Take a wild guess.
Stop yelling at me.
Stop staring at me.
Stay away from that place.
Roll down your window.
Raise your hands.
Loosen up.
Let me pay for your coffee.
Let me know how it goes.
Let me handle it.
Let me get my wallet.
Leave that to me.
Hold your applause, please.
Go get your shoes polished.
Give me your phone.
Give me your address.
Get out of my room.
Get out of my office.
Get out of my house.
Get me the evidence.
Get me the details.
Get back to the ship.
Don't walk away from me.
Don't say that word ever again.
Don't repeat that.
Don't read my journal.
Don't read my diary.
Don't look at me.
Don't go in my room.
Don't drink the water.
Don't come any closer.
Don't call me again.
Don't be a stranger.
Call me at this number.
Ask him his name.
Ask her her name.
Intercultural relationships are never easy, but today, we seemed to be having a particularly hard time.
Ask her what her name is.
Did you ever hear anything like it?
I'll never ever do that again!
Leigh will go to the shopping centre with Laurie.
Leigh and Laurie will do makeup.
Have you ever heard anything like that?
She has a sensual mouth.
I had to leave Warsaw and make my living somewhere else.
I prefer English to music.
She loves to wear tight clothes.
What you don't know won't hurt you.
This is the first airplane to land at the new airport.
Fossil fuels are the main causes of global warming.
Tom thought of a crafty joke.
The classroom is full of teenagers. A couple of them are asleep.
I have a lot of old books. A couple of them are quite valuable.
I'll have what he's having.
I'll have the same.
Recently there have been a lot of protests in the city.
The dispute over the islands has led to some anti-Japanese protests in China.
The Japanese embassy has warned Japanese citizens to be careful.
Working in a Japanese company in China during a time like this is very interesting, but at the same time, slightly depressing.
Due to the dispute over the islands, many Japanese businesses in China have been attacked.
Yesterday I saw a sign in a sushi restaurant saying 'We are a Taiwanese company'.
I hope they can reach a peaceful compromise.
The Nationalist movements in both countries have been exacerbating the problem.
You are going to the phone and calling the doctor!
We are going to check it right away.
We're going to check it right away.
I have no idea what it means and you don't have to either.
Put your hands up.
Tom has been living out of a suitcase for the past two months.
He looks like my father.
The university is a waste of time.
Gods don't kill people, people with gods kill people.
What's his track record like?
Gabriel prefers the calamansi juice.
Don't compromise your vision to acquire funding.
Tonya likes jambol fruit.
Make the time to do it.
Learn to let go when the time is right.
We live in house number fifty, nearby the supermarket.
Mario prefers the taste of the sugar apple.
You've earned it.
That isn't actually what I meant.
I could actually see myself living here.
This little story is too simple to explain everything.
Over the years we have tried many different strategies.
This phenomenon is very easy to explain.
It's a situation I would love to change.
Turn the other cheek.
After Tom ate a little food, his strength returned.
All Tom ate was bananas.
As soon as Tom finished eating, he left for work.
Could you tell me about Tom's eating habits?
Do you want something to eat before your meeting with Tom?
I'm supposed to eat with Tom this evening.
If you eat that, Tom will be angry.
The bread was moldy, but Tom ate it anyway.
The doctor told Tom to stop eating dog food.
The story about Tom eating my cat isn't true.
Today, for the first time in a week, Tom was able to eat solid food.
Tom admitted that he ate all the ice cream.
Tom and Mary ate a six-course meal together.
Tom and Mary ate in silence.
Tom and Mary ate quietly in the moonlight.
Tom and Mary seldom eat together.
Tom ate a healthy lunch.
Tom ate a late breakfast.
Tom ate a piece of the cake that Mary baked.
Tom ate a quick lunch.
Tom ate all the food I had stashed.
Tom ate an early supper.
Tom ate his fill.
Tom ate some food, drank some beer, and then went right to sleep.
Tom ate a handful of the nuts from the bowl on the bar.
Tom ate something that made him sick.
Tom ate the entire bag of nachos.
Tom ate your candy.
Tom can't remember the last time he ate dinner with his family.
Tom didn't offer us anything to eat.
Tom doesn't enjoy eating spicy food.
Tom doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom doesn't think it's disgusting to eat certain insects.
Tom eats anything his wife puts in front of him.
Tom eats breakfast with his mother.
Tom eats lunch here at least once a week.
Tom eats pizza with a fork, but Mary eats it with her hands.
Tom finds it difficult to eat with his new dentures.
Tom grabbed the half-eaten burrito from Mary and started eating it.
Tom grew up thinking that he needed to eat meat every day.
Tom has only fifteen minutes to eat his lunch.
Tom has some food allergies, so he has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom has to eat his lunch in fifteen minutes.
Tom hasn't eaten anything in the past 36 hours.
Tom is at his desk eating a sandwich.
Tom is having an allergic reaction to something he ate.
Tom is only given fifteen minutes to eat his lunch.
Tom likes to eat mashed potatoes with lots of gravy.
Tom often eats scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Tom often eats things that other people consider strange.
Tom often feels drowsy after eating lunch.
Tom only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom only eats with his family about once a week.
Tom said that he was eager to eat lunch with her.
Tom sat by the pool drinking red wine and eating expensive cheese.
Tom says that he has never eaten an artichoke.
Tom says that he only eats organic food.
Tom seldom eats with his family.
Tom told his son not to eat with his mouth open.
Tom told the police that Mary had eaten at the restaurant in question before she died.
Tom usually eats oatmeal without sugar.
Tom usually sits at the kitchen table and eats cereal while reading the morning paper.
Tom was fed up with eating the low quality food provided by the prison.
Tom was forced to eat at gunpoint.
Tom was sitting alone at a private table eating the most expensive meal that the restaurant served.
Tom wasn't allowed to eat lunch at his desk.
When Tom ate some food that had fallen on the floor, Mary looked disgusted.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he shouldn't eat.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he wouldn't eat when he's sober.
When Tom looked down at the apple he was eating, he realized that he had eaten half a worm.
Why doesn't Tom like to eat fish?
You don't have to eat with Tom, but I wish you would.
You're not supposed to eat on the job.
You're not allowed to eat those.
You should eat.
You really should eat before you leave.
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?
Would you rather eat a mouse or a tarantula?
Who's that beautiful woman eating all alone?
Who's been eating my peanuts?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What should I eat for lunch today?
What do your children usually eat for breakfast?
What do you like to eat for lunch?
What do you do when you don't have time to eat lunch?
What do Italians usually eat for lunch?
What did you eat for lunch yesterday?
What are some good foods to eat with potatoes?
What are some foods you usually eat with your fingers?
What are some foods you usually eat with your children?
What are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce?
What are some foods you usually eat with red wine?
What are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks?
What are some foods you usually eat with a spoon?
What are some foods you usually eat with a knife and fork?
What are some foods you only eat in the evening?
We're going out to get something to eat.
We learned about the importance of eating a healthy lunch.
We ate an early lunch while we were at the mall.
They're eating dinner now in the dining room.
The last time we ate dinner together, you would only eat vegetables.
Researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day.
Many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day.
Let's get something to eat.
It's not always possible to eat well when you are traveling in this part of the world.
It's important to eat three square meals a day.
It's been a while since I've eaten cottage cheese.
It's been a while since I've eaten anything with mustard.
It's a nice day to eat outside.
It used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat a light lunch, you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
If you don't eat breakfast, you'll probably be hungry during the morning and won't be as efficient at work as you could be.
If you are hungry, why don't you eat?
If I had eaten more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry now.
I've never eaten anything like this before.
I'm really hungry. I haven't eaten all week.
I'm not eating this.
I'm going to go to the kitchen to grab something to eat.
I'm getting kind of hungry. Let's go get something to eat.
I'll cook it, if you eat it.
I wish I had eaten something else.
I wish I had eaten more.
I wish I had eaten lunch before I came here.
I wish I had eaten breakfast.
I wish I had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down.
I usually eat lunch at 11:30 to avoid the rush.
I try to never eat after 8:00 p.m.
I thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish.
I probably shouldn't have eaten that.
I haven't eaten vegetables for a month.
I haven't eaten in four days.
I haven't eaten asparagus in a long time.
I haven't eaten anything yet today.
I haven't eaten anything unusual since I've returned home from my trip around the world.
I haven't eaten anything substantial in 48 hours.
I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
I haven't eaten anything except one slice of bread all day.
I haven't eaten anything all day, but I don't feel hungry.
I haven't eaten any meat since I was fifteen years old.
I have never eaten with chopsticks.
I got up at 4:00, ate some food, then went back to sleep.
I eat lunch here two or three times a week.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't know what to eat for dinner.
I can't remember the last time I ate with my family.
I can't decide where to eat lunch.
I can't decide what to eat for lunch.
I can't decide what to eat for lunch today.
I can't believe you eat that stuff.
I can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
I ate something earlier this evening that didn't agree with me.
I ate some Greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago.
I ate on the bus.
I already ate.
How long do you have to eat lunch?
Have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate?
Have you eaten anywhere interesting lately?
Have something to eat.
Food really does taste better when eaten with close friends.
Even though I had eaten a lot for breakfast, I was already hungry.
Eating yogurt with a fork is somewhat difficult.
Eat your spinach.
Don't eat the fruit in the bowl on the table. It's plastic.
Do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch?
Do you think fried chicken should be eaten with a fork or with your fingers?
Do you know any good places to eat around here?
Do you have anything to eat in your pack?
Do you eat three square meals a day?
Do you eat spaghetti by twirling it around your fork?
Do you eat lunch at your desk?
Did anybody eat with you?
Can you remember that last time you ate ravioli?
Aren't you sick of eating here?
Aren't you sick of eating fast food?
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
Are you going to eat the rest of your stew?
Are you going to eat that cupcake?
The challah was so delicious that I just had to ask her for the recipe.
Microwaves can cause serious damage.
Elephants have two ears.
Elephants can't ride a bicycle.
Do ants have ears?
Unfortunately, elephants can't sing well.
It was her habit to rise early.
We are still shocked by what has hit us, but we will never give up our values. Our response is more democracy, more openness, more humanity.
Tom is a well witcher.
The dowser used a dowsing rod to search for water.
He's a powerful demon.
She's a powerful demon.
She's a demoness.
That kid is a little demon.
Have you decided on a name for the cat?
Somebody's at the door.
Somebody's knocking at the door.
Somebody's knocking at your door.
He's jealous and irrational.
She's jealous and irrational.
He's young and energetic.
She's young and energetic.
Hey guys!
Not everyone is happy about this.
I've got some good news.
I've got some bad news.
He doesn't care about money.
She doesn't care about money.
He pretends not to care about money.
Can you please repeat the question?
People sometimes make illogical decisions.
He made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
She made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
I thought you were joking.
I thought he was joking.
I thought she was joking.
He was accused of money-laundering.
She was accused of bribery.
It was a fun night.
It was the worst night of my life.
It was the worst day of my life.
This is the worst day of my life.
Don't look at me like that.
She doesn't love me anymore.
He's a Jewish American.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel a lot better.
He's an African American.
She's an African American.
She's a Jewish American.
You're sexually repressed.
He's sexually repressed.
She's sexually repressed.
He's a prude.
She's a prude.
The party's over.
Underage drinking is a crime.
He used a fake I.D.
She used a fake I.D.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
She's an undercover police officer.
It's the cops!
He was obviously drunk.
She's obviously drunk.
Is there anything else I should know about?
The NYPD is the New York Police Department.
The LAPD is the Los Angeles Police Department.
She used a fake identification card to get into the bar.
His family emigrated to the United States.
It's insanely complex.
She's a member of a sorority.
He's a frat boy.
The protesters set many cars on fire.
He was drunk and angry.
She sent me a friend request.
He sent her a friend request.
She graduated magna cum laude.
He sent me a friend request.
She refused my friend request.
He refused my friend request.
I can't believe he renounced his U.S. citizenship.
The zipper is stuck.
Your zipper is open.
Your fly is open!
I want a room with a view.
Get a room.
Maria Callas has a beautiful voice.
Tatoeba is still a beta project.
I like the Tatoeba logo.
The Yosemite national park is one of the most beautiful places on Earth.
He climbed El Capitan.
Don't tell my wife.
Don't tell my girlfriend.
Don't tell my boyfriend.
Don't tell my husband.
Tom refused to follow Mary's advice.
Tom refused to help Mary.
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.
He trained very hard.
She trained very hard.
This is awesome.
I had a great time.
You're a nervous wreck.
He's a nervous wreck.
She's a nervous wreck.
I do it because I enjoy it.
She was unimpressed.
He was unimpressed.
They were unimpressed.
Don't speak unless you're spoken to.
Please air the futon.
She speaks relatively quickly.
Keep the child away from the pond.
She was anxious about her job.
She asked anxiously.
I don’t like any of this.
There wasn't anyone there.
The fundamental aspect of imprisonment is the loss of liberty.
Freedom from hunger is a must for all.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
Is it possible that it's already eight o'clock?
How did you sleep last night?
The locomotive is at the end of the train.
Our train still needs to wait for the arrival of another train.
Our train must still wait for the arrival of yet another train.
Do it tomorrow.
Don't trust Tom.
Give Tom everything he asks for.
Stay with Tom.
Take Tom home.
Tell Tom I want to see him.
Tell us how we may help you.
Tell me what we're doing here.
Take your shot.
Take that back.
Take a number.
Stop right here.
Stop doing that.
Show yourself.
Show us the way.
Save yourself.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Promise me you won't do that again.
Open the safe.
Make your move.
Just leave me alone.
Get your hands off me.
Get rid of her.
Get on with it.
Get in the van.
Don't touch me.
Don't tempt me.
Don't tell me what to do.
Don't rub it in.
Don't resist us.
Don't remind me.
Don't make a decision right now.
Don't leave us.
Don't follow me.
Don't ever talk to me like that again.
Don't ever talk to me again.
Don't disappear on me again.
Don't be so shy.
Cut that out!
Be careful.
I'm the middle child of three.
I'm the second oldest of three children.
Would you like to play tennis every Sunday?
"We have to do this now." "There's no time."
Let me add some words about sentence fusion. A human is given two sentences and asked to produce a single coherent sentence that contains only the important information from the original two. This is a highly constrained summarization task. Investigations — carried out by Hal Daume and Daniel Marcu — has shown "that even at this restricted level, there is no measurable agreement between humans regarding what information should be considered important."
No smoking is allowed in this train station.
How're you doing?
How's that again?
No smoking is allowed at this train station.
I usually work from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., but today I worked until 10:00 p.m.
The woman is working at the office.
This one's on me.
This one is on me.
Masturbation is doing it with someone you really love.
Wake up.
Wait one second.
Wait a second.
Try and stop me.
Take one of these.
Stop the car now.
Stay right there.
Stay out of this.
Stay back.
Stand up straight.
Leave us alone.
Keep an eye on Tom.
Just keep moving.
Just get to work.
Just follow them.
Just do your job.
Help me out here.
Drop the gun.
Come back tomorrow.
Check your pockets.
Bite your tongue.
I understand what's said and written, but it's hard for me to speak.
Why are you mad with me?
Happy when borrowing, but upset when having to return it.
Nope, not at all.
They look similar in some ways.
Why are you mad at me?
Why should I go to school?
Such a sales system can work for a while, but not forever.
He is a VIP.
You are under no obligation whatsoever to share this information.
I won't let you treat me like a slave.
Here comes the waiter.
Here comes the server.
I can barely understand what he's saying.
He was so immature, he couldn't resist the temptation.
You can't lift the piano by yourself.
God, oh God, why have you forsaken me?
I can go, but have not yet gone to Tibet.
There's tea; I drank it; I'm happy.
To the bird, the dog exists.
Hey cat, how are you? Are you sitting in the house? There are two cats.
Be attentive.
You like coffee best.
You prefer coffee.
Laura is Brazillian.
It's a new year.
You're sick.
I'm letting you go.
I'm laying you off.
I'm firing you.
I'm allowing you to go.
I'll allow you to go.
I'll permit you to go.
A person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something, but the face of the devil when returning it.
Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?
Translate a few proverbs into Esperanto about eating and/or obesity.
Where is the cat?
She's an angel.
I didn't do anything!
I can't leave now.
She's cruel and heartless.
He's cruel and heartless.
Are we leaving?
Are we leaving soon?
We'll leave as soon as Tom gets here.
There's life in the old boy yet!
The NYPD is the New York City Police Department.
What did he think of, when saying that?
Tom didn't notice that his fly was open.
When I die, I want to die like my grandfather who died peacefully in his sleep. Not screaming like all the passengers in his car.
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.
If you never do anything, you never become anyone.
Artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up.
A man who doesn't spend time with his family cannot be a real man.
There is some comfort in the emptiness of the sea, no past, no future.
I don't want to let him get the best of me!
We will just have to make the best of it.
He had the last laugh.
Hurry up! I don't have all day.
Could you just please answer the question? We don't have all day.
Give Tom all of it.
Let me get Tom.
Let me talk to Tom.
Stay away from Tom.
Tell Tom I said hi.
Take a closer look.
Stop being so nice.
Say cheese.
Let me grab my bag.
Just don't drop it.
Hold your position.
Give me your shirt.
Give me two minutes.
Get your clothes on.
Get out of the car.
Get out of my face.
Get out of my chair.
Get out of here now!
Get in the car now.
Enjoy your evening.
Quit bothering me.
Give my regards to Tom.
Please smile.
Send us lots of pictures!
Try to stop me.
Stop me if you can.
Don't try to stop me.
My name is Tom and I'll be your server tonight.
It's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names.
Sign the guest book.
Show me your passport.
Show me what you have hidden behind your back.
Put your glasses on.
Promise me you'll never do that again.
Let me see what's in your hand.
Hug me.
Go kiss someone else.
Get some sleep, okay?
Don't wait up for me.
Don't admit anything.
Don't act like you don't know what's wrong.
Don't act like you don't know how to dance.
Cookie needs a walk.
My dog needs a walk.
Algeria is a very important partner country for the European Union.
I will never forget that kind, loving woman.
He who knows the most often says the least.
Let's pitch the tent while it's still light.
I went shopping at the new convenience store that opened in the neighborhood and received a free gift of bread.
We started a band because we were bored.
I give up from the beginning.
I corrected the punctuation somewhat, but not rigorously, because that is less important in belles-lettres.
Don't worry about things that aren't important.
The fat girl is eating too much sweets with lots of sugar.
I was unacceptable!
Who pronounced this sentence?
We all are beta versions.
Man, I'm hungry.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
Does that clock work?
There are lots of trout in this lake.
I see you're at it again.
Your work consists of true facts and new discoveries. The problem is that what is true is not new, and what is new is not true.
I can not decode the message.
The general theory of relativity explains the anomalous perihelion precession of the planet Mercury.
The general theory of relativity predicted the deflection of starlight by the Sun.
Tom has a history of drug abuse.
Go to bed. It's a school night.
My mother tells me I have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights.
On school nights, Tom goes to bed at nine o'clock, but on Fridays and Saturdays, he stays up much later.
Tom's bedtime is nine o'clock on school nights.
Tom's parents won't let him go out with Mary on school nights.
Nathanael asked Jesus, "How do you know me?"
That horse came in first.
That horse came in first place.
She will not be able to come here tomorrow.
Explain the message to me.
Do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together?
How can I prevent my cat from killing birds?
He's playing with my cat.
She's playing with her cat.
Do you have the latest version?
My new phone is thinner than my old phone.
This book will be useful to anyone who wants to improve their memory and logical thinking.
Here are the pictures from last night.
It's a remake.
Tom and Mary are playing with John's cat.
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
This is so much fun.
This is a remake of a classic movie.
He's married to an American woman.
You know what I'm saying?
I knew exactly what to look for.
He took part in the expedition.
She won't know.
He won't know.
I'm not sure if he saw it.
I'm not sure if she saw it.
He cleaned it up.
She cleaned it up.
Tom isn't sure when Mary will get here.
Tom isn't sure what to do.
Tom isn't sure how much money he'll need.
I'm not sure who Tom's teacher is.
I'm not sure who Tom is married to.
I'm not sure whether Tom heard it or not.
I'm not sure where Tom will go.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave.
I'm not sure what Tom will do.
I'm not sure if Tom will go.
I'm not sure how Tom will do it.
I'm not sure if I'll go.
I'm not sure how to do this.
It's very confusing.
It's very interesting.
But I'll do it.
He is fluent in English.
You are on the wrong plane.
This car was made in Germany.
It's not cheap.
Mary performed at the Tatoeba Center for the Performing Arts.
Some snakes are dangerous.
Look at that guy, he's really cute.
Look at that girl. She's really cute.
Look at that cat, it's really cute.
It made me laugh.
It's hard to tell.
He's a good guy.
Your hat is silly.
Your hat looks silly.
He lied about it.
She lied about it.
This is fascinating.
It's worthless junk.
He looked good when he was young.
She looked good when she was young.
I did it while I was drunk.
He did it the old fashioned way.
I did it the old fashioned way.
She did it the old fashioned way.
I was young and innocent.
He was young and innocent.
She was young and innocent.
I punched him in the face.
She punched me in the face.
She punched him in the face.
He punched her in the face.
She's looking at me.
He's looking at me.
I was well rewarded for my efforts.
It was very small.
Tom's room was very small.
What is your dream?
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
He looks like his mother.
Don't give fish to a poor man; teach him how to fish.
Eight guys have eyes.
How do you know that Tom is undressing you with his eyes?
Mary felt like Tom was undressing her with his eyes.
The guy over there has been undressing me with his eyes since we walked in the door.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
Whenever I'm on top of a mountain, I feel grateful.
Many people attended that conference.
Many people attended that meeting.
Most people think that people shouldn't eat people.
Are you by yourself or with someone?
Now, in Latin there are twenty-three letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, x, y, z.
No one says "I am plowed", but in the third person it is "the land is plowed"; bibo "I drink", bibitur uinum "the wine is drunk"; manduco "I eat", manducatur panis "the bread is eaten"; laboro "I work", laboratur uestis "the clothing is worn out", et cetera.
I have a pain in my back.
I don't want kids.
He doesn't want kids.
She doesn't want kids.
He is well liked by his students.
She is well liked by her students.
This teacher was well liked by his students.
I love my daughter.
I love my son.
The Nile River is the longest in the world.
My husband is lazy.
I got pregnant accidentally.
He married a farmer's daughter.
Tom didn't want to marry the farmer's daughter.
You're too young to get married.
They abandoned their children in the forest.
They were stuck in the elevator for two hours.
Do you want to sleep on the couch?
It's a lot of work.
The benefits outweigh the costs.
This is obviously impossible.
You should come with me sometime.
I asked him for his phone number.
I'd like that.
Tom has made himself comfortable on the sofa.
You spend too much time with him.
You spend too much time with her.
They went rock climbing.
Please do this for me.
I want to buy my girlfriend a present.
She wants to buy her boyfriend a present.
I don't want anyone to see it.
How will you stop me?
How will you stop him?
How will you stop her?
How will you stop them?
I'm sorry. I'll do anything to make this right.
She's a very talented artist.
I need a new car.
This is a terrible idea.
I tend to hear a lot of geese everytime I'm at the condominium.
You can't just leave me here.
Don't be foolish.
I'll explain everything.
I can explain everything.
I'm afraid there's nothing we can do.
I made the first move.
He made the first move.
She made the first move.
Call the police and tell them what you told me.
I thought it was a good idea at the time.
You need to calm down.
Tom went on a drinking binge.
"Can I come over and talk to you?" "I'd like that."
"Perhaps you'd like me to play a song for you." "I'd like that."
"Would you like me to show you around town?" "I'd like that."
"Let me hug you." "I'd like that a lot."
"May I kiss you?" "I'd like that very much."
"Let me buy you lunch." "Sure. I'd like that."
"Can I make you breakfast sometime?" "Yes, I'd like that very much."
"I'll come over and help you finish your homework." "Thank you. I'd like that very much."
"You probably wouldn't like going camping with me." "You're wrong. In fact, I think I'd like that very much."
Hand over your weapons.
It was not my intention.
Do you still love her?
Do you still love him?
He still loves her.
Are you telling me how to do my job?
He likes country music.
She hates country music.
You're not thinking clearly.
We can't turn back.
We cannot turn back.
We can't turn back now.
Do you still have feelings for her?
Do you still have feelings for him?
He's good.
She's good.
I'm sorry I yelled at you.
I'm sorry I hurt you.
He's addicted to drugs.
She's addicted to drugs.
Will you accompany me?
Please help me! That doesn't help very much at all!
She's my half-sister.
He's my half-brother.
It's not enough.
I'm not good at this.
I'm doing my best.
It's not enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
He's doing his best.
She's doing her best.
"Here's a dollar. Go and buy a cup of coffee." "That's not enough."
Why are you doing this to me?
I'm still thinking about it.
Don't do this to me!
I can handle it.
I had something else in mind.
I'll do anything that you want!
I'm begging you. I'll do anything you want!
She's pregnant with twins.
Do you like my new haircut?
I don't need an SUV.
I say now amo “I love”, then you say quem amas? “Whom do you love?” I say te amo “I love you” then my love falls on you, and you can say amor a te “I am loved by you”; doceo te “I teach you”, and you say: doceor a te “I am taught by you”, et cetera.
Tom was already drinking his third beer before Mary had even finished her first.
In a dirty bag treasure often lies.
This may be research my secretary did.
All is vanity.
She speaks German.
She speaks Polish.
The truth is I'm a man in a man's body.
If Internet users are bees, who owns the beehives?
I love chocolate.
It is said that...
If nothing saves us from death, may love at least save us from life.
I think about you every time I see it.
School is a challenge already?
It is impossible for you to succeed.
If you tell a lie, Lord Emma will rip out your tongue.
Shinji ate nine coconuts.
The age of chivalry is gone.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.
All government is founded on compromise and barter.
The true danger is when liberty is nibbled away, for expedients, and by parts.
They defend their errors as if they were defending their inheritance.
One that confounds good and evil is an enemy to the good.
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. Men have a right that these wants should be provided for by this wisdom.
Flattery corrupts both the receiver and the giver.
A state without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
There are only 25 days left to the event!
Yesterday, we finished constructing the new stage.
Few days are left!
Please read the text below.
I'd like to teach you Chinese in exchange for another language.
Why are you not doing it?
There is a big difference between learning a language in order to understand or to say something if needed, and wanting to acquire a second language in order to command it freely, almost like you command your first language, your mother tongue.
He beatboxes professionally.
The eraser on the pencil you just gave me is worn down.
She stopped studying. She left the university without a degree.
I don't want to buy that house from him.
You have to acquire as soon as possible a good knowledge of business English.
You must acquire as soon as possible a good knowledge of business English.
Tom was born the same day as his cat.
You never tell me anything.
My daughter won't listen to me.
My son won't listen to me.
We could keep it a secret.
I could keep it a secret.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
Let's keep this a secret, OK?
I was tricked into doing it.
He was tricked into doing it.
She was tricked into doing it.
You tricked me!
He tricked me.
She tricked me.
Trick or treat.
I want a divorce.
She wants a divorce.
Nice shot!
Many children will be going from door to door saying "Trick or treat?" on Halloween night.
What kind of costume are you planning on wearing to the Halloween party?
He won a sizeable amount of money.
Why would you do something like that?
Could you please show Tom how to do that?
I was just about to come looking for you.
You will pay for it.
Agreed, but only on one condition.
You cannot key in numbers because the NumLock LED is off.
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up.
Enjoy your life, while you can.
He allowed John to enter yesterday.
Do the best you can!
If you want something done, do it yourself!
Is this art?
I could keep it a secret, but not for too long.
Who owns Africa's resources?
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
Humankind will have everything human.
Why is the light on?
Let the concert begin!
Nobody beats him!
We brought you enough food.
We've brought enough food to feed everyone.
"You're pretty good at this, aren't you?" "That's why the boss hired me."
"You'll never get past the guards." "I'll take my chances."
"You need to pay a fee." "What kind of fee?"
"You know Tom, don't you?" "I can't say that I do."
"Would you like a piece of cake?" "What kind of cake?"
"Would you like a drink?" "I've already got one."
"Will you go?" "I will if I have to."
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."
"Why weren't you at the meeting?" "Something came up."
"Why didn't you kiss Mary?" "She wouldn't let me."
"Why did you do that?" "I had no choice."
"Which apple would you like?" "I'd like that one."
"Where's Tom?" "How would I know?"
"Where's my hat?" "Right behind you."
"Where are Tom and Mary?" "They're on their way."
"When should we tell Tom this?" "Now is the best time."
"When did it happen?" "When did what happen?"
"What's your decision?" "Can I sleep on it?"
"What's Tom doing now?" "You don't want to know."
"What were you just doing?" "I was talking to Tom."
"What time will you be finished?" "I'm not sure yet."
"What did you think of the movie?" "It was okay, I guess."
"What color is your underwear?" "I'm not wearing any."
"We'd like a beer." "Just one beer?"
"We need to get ready for the party." "Oh, was that tonight?"
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"
"We have to tell Tom about that now." "That's not an option."
"We have a problem." "What sort of problem?"
"Tom will translate French into English for free." "That's good to know."
"Tom will probably be late." "Yes, that's a possibility."
"Tom will pay you all the money I owe you." "You'd better hope so."
"Tom will buy that painting." "How can you be sure?"
"Tom was able to convince Mary to help." "How did he do that?"
"Tom stole my wallet." "Are you sure about that?"
"Tom lives two houses down from Mary." "That's pretty close."
"Tom likes Mary." "Yeah, I know."
"Tom likes Mary." "Tell me something I don't know."
"Tom likes Mary." "I think that's obvious to everyone."
"Tom is thirty years old." "He's not really that old, is he?"
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"
"Tom is getting married." "Who's the lucky girl?"
"Tom is a great guy." "I couldn't agree with you more."
"Tom got a new job." "What kind of job?"
"Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday." "That's really sweet."
"Tom has been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
"Tom and Mary have decided to help John paint his house." "That's nice to hear."
"Tom and Mary have broken up." "That's ancient history."
"Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years." "Really? I had no idea."
"Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced." "I wasn't aware of that."
"This isn't Tom's watch." "I never said it was."
"This isn't mine." "It's not mine either."
"The boys went downtown." "Is that where Tom is?"
"That's not the problem." "Then what's wrong?"
"Please think about it carefully." "Think about what?"
"Please put this on the top." "On top of what?"
"Please be on time." "I always am, aren't I?"
"Not everyone can come to our party." "Who's not coming?"
"May I borrow Tom's lawn mower?" "I guess it would be all right."
"Look what I just bought." "What is it?"
"Let's go dancing." "What a great idea!"
"Let's buy Tom a car for his graduation present." "That's a great idea."
"Let me get you a cup of coffee." "I'd appreciate that."
"Jump across the ditch." "I will if you will."
"It's really muggy today." "You're not kidding."
"I'm sorry. I can't do that anymore." "Can't do what anymore?"
"I'm moving to Boston next week." "I miss you already."
"I'm looking for a guy." "I'm a guy, aren't I?"
"I'm glad I studied karate." "I'm glad you did, too."
"I thought you said Tom lost his job." "Maybe I was wrong."
"I think we shouldn't be doing this." "No one asked you."
"I think Tom stole my drink." "Really? I don't think he'd ever do something like that."
"I think Tom likes Mary." "Isn't that obvious?"
"I think this wine is really good." "I've had better."
"I think it's Tom at the door." "Who else would it be?"
"I plan to help Tom steal some cars." "That would be unwise."
"I met the new teacher." "What's he like?"
"I hear Tom and Mary are getting a divorce." "That's the rumor."
"I have to stop you from doing that." "Stop me from doing what?"
"I have many things for sale." "What kind of things?"
"I gave them the job." "Why them and not us?"
"I don't have time to spend with my kids." "You should make time."
"I can't figure this out." "That makes two of us."
"I can't do everything you've asked me to do." "Then just do what you can."
"I assume you have a college degree." "You assume wrong."
"How will you keep Tom from going to the police?" "I'll offer him money."
"How was the survival camp?" "I hated it. I only lasted two days."
"How much money does Tom make?" "How would I know?"
"How many times have you eaten here?" "Many, many times."
"How did the meeting go?" "I think it went okay."
"Here's your confession." "I'm not signing that."
"Here are the divorce papers." "I'm not signing them."
"Here are some flowers for you." "Thanks. They're gorgeous."
"Do your homework before you go to bed." "I always do, don't I?"
"Do you think Tom's new business will be successful?" "It's too soon to tell."
"Do you like the way Tom sings?" "Sure. Don't you?"
"Do you like strawberries?" "Sure. I love them."
"Do you know Tom?" "I don't believe I do."
"Did you complete the report I asked you to write?" "No. There was no time."
"Did Tom really tell you that he was breaking up with Mary?" "Not in so many words."
"Did Tom really hit Mary?" "That's what I heard."
"Did giving Tom the money help?" "I don't think it did."
"Could you please buy me a book?" "What kind of book?"
"Could I ask you a few questions?" "Questions about what?"
"Can you help me paint my house?" "Sure. No problem."
"Can I get you a beer?" "Do you have anything stronger?"
"Are you upset?" "No. Why would I be?"
"Are you going to Tom's party?" "I'm still not sure."
"Are you going to go to Tom's concert?" "I most certainly am."
"Will the project be completed on time?" "I can guarantee it."
"Tom broke up with Mary." "Is that a bad thing?"
"I think we should clean the carburetor." "I already tried that."
"How did you two meet?" "It's a long story."
"Have you paid your bill yet?" "We most certainly have."
What kind of fish is that?
Hello.
She's not a regular employee of this company.
She's not a full-time employee of this company.
A friend of mine made it with a mask.
She had the wrong number.
It's the best choice without doubt. Don't think it.
He did all he could to rescue her.
It seems right to me.
This is really bad luck!
How old is your sister?
Cooked meat is still meat.
Don't bring bad luck.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep.
None of this is rational.
If you don't hurry, you'll be late.
Books intended for young people will sell well.
This History textbook is intended for High school students.
Don't take any prisoners.
He doesn't speak my language.
The clock has stopped. A new battery is needed.
The clock has stopped. It needs a new battery.
The planning committee was charged with collecting and analyzing information and using it as the backdrop for determining those actions that would best help the Association to fulfill its mission.
I've memorized the model number of the charger.
The planning committee was commissioned to collect and analyze information. This will be the background for the definition of action, which will support the association to fulfill its mission.
Jews used Hebrew letters as numerals, and unlike the decimal system, the position of the numeral in the number is irrelevant. Thus one may conclude as many superstitious conclusions as he desires.
The planning committee met six times over the course of ten months.
The urban planning committee has accepted our proposal.
The new skyscraper, which will consist of two intertwined 1212-meter towers, is expected to be completed in 2022.
Don't worry. We won't fail this time.
Don't worry. Tom will be fine.
Don't worry. The ambulance will be here soon.
Don't worry. It's easy.
Don't worry. It'll be over soon.
Don't worry. I'm not going to tell the police.
Don't worry. I'll take care of Tom.
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
Don't worry. I'll never leave you.
Don't worry. I'll be discreet.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Don't worry. I won't let anything stop me from finishing the job.
Don't worry. I won't hurt her.
Don't worry. I promise I'll do what you ask.
Don't worry. I have insurance.
Don't worry about Tom. He isn't a threat.
Don't worry about Tom. He always acts that way.
Don't worry about the store. I'll lock up.
Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself.
Don't worry about me so much.
Don't worry about it. Everything's going to be fine.
Don't worry about it, OK?
Don't worry about a thing.
Don't waste your time.
Don't waste your time doing that.
Don't waste Tom's time.
Don't walk past me as if we were strangers.
Don't wait for me for dinner.
Don't try to talk. Save your energy.
Don't try to change the subject.
Don't touch those.
Don't touch that. It's evidence.
Don't touch that dial.
Don't touch my stuff.
Don't throw them away. You'll need them later.
Don't throw that away.
Don't thank me yet.
Don't tempt me. I might just do that.
Don't tell Tom what I've just told you.
Don't tell anyone.
Don't talk to Tom about this.
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to me while I'm working.
Don't talk to me like that.
Don't take any chances.
Don't stay up too late. Tomorrow's a school day.
Don't speak French to me.
Don't sound so surprised. You know I can do whatever I want to do.
Don't sleep in the bathtub.
Don't sit there. That's Tom's chair.
Don't sass me.
Don't respond to that.
Don't put me in the middle of this.
Don't play games with me.
Don't move unless I tell you.
Don't mind me. Just keep doing what you were doing.
Don't make this personal.
Don't make stupid jokes.
Don't make me use this gun.
Don't make me shoot you again.
Don't make me regret telling you who I really am.
Don't make me regret letting your stay here.
Don't make me regret lending you this money.
Don't make me kill you.
Don't make me hurt you.
Don't make me ground you.
Don't make me feel bad about doing what I did.
Don't make me do this.
Don't make me do this the hard way.
Don't make any loud noises.
Don't make a scene.
Don't lose sight of what you're here for.
Don't look so suspicious.
Don't look so shocked.
Don't look directly at Tom.
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.
Don't listen to Tom. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Don't let Tom talk to anyone.
Don't let Tom see you.
Don't let Tom frighten you.
Don't let this get out of control.
Don't let me ever hear you say that again.
Don't let go of me.
Don't let anything slow you down.
Don't leave.
Don't leave town.
Don't leave me here by myself.
Don't lash out at me just because my brother treated you badly.
Don't kid yourself. You couldn't afford to buy a house like this.
Don't just stand there. Get in my car.
Don't just stand there. Call security.
Don't interrupt Tom.
Don't help me. I want to do this by myself.
Don't go there now.
Don't go out the front.
Don't go in there. Mary is taking a shower.
Don't go anywhere just yet. Wait until I get there.
Don't gloat.
Don't give Tom any ideas.
Don't give me that look.
Don't get too comfortable.
Don't get paranoid.
Don't get mad, promise.
Don't get all tied up in knots.
Don't get all high and mighty.
Don't forget your bag.
Don't forget to tell Tom.
Don't forget to floss.
Don't forget our date tomorrow.
Don't flatter yourself.
Don't fight it. Just let yourself fall in love with me.
Don't feel bad. Tom didn't give me a present either.
Don't expect overtime.
Don't ever say her name.
Don't ever mention his name again.
Don't ever lie to me again.
Don't ever forget how much stronger Tom is than you are.
Don't ever call me again.
Don't even think of it.
Don't even think of asking me what I think about you right now.
Don't even think of asking me to let you date my daughter.
Don't even think of asking me to lend you some money.
Don't even think about it.
Don't drink that.
Don't drink out of my glass.
Don't drag me into this.
Don't dodge the question.
Don't do this.
Don't do it.
Don't do anything stupid, OK?
Don't die.
Don't count on Tom's help.
Don't call the cops, man.
Don't burst my bubble.
Don't blame yourself. It's my fault.
Don't beat yourself up.
Don't be too picky. There aren't that many fish in the sea.
Don't be so outraged.
Don't be so negative.
Don't be so lazy.
Don't be so dramatic.
Don't be silly. I can't do it.
Don't be rude.
Don't be offended. Tom's that way with everyone.
Don't be mean.
Don't be mad at me.
Don't be fresh to me.
Don't be disgusting.
Don't be crude.
Don't be a fool. Let me help you.
Don't ask so many questions.
Don't ask questions yet. Just listen to what I have to say.
Don't ask me. I'm just the janitor.
Don't act surprised.
Tell us what you know about Tom's problems.
Tell us what you know about Tom's family.
Tell us what you know about Tom.
Tell us something we didn't know.
Tell us more about what you did when you were in Boston.
Tell Tom to stop fooling around.
Tell Tom to stop following me around.
Tell Tom to pick up the phone.
Tell Tom it's an emergency.
Tell Tom I'm ready.
Tell Tom I'm not interested in the car he's trying to sell.
Tell Tom I'm going to drop by his house this afternoon.
Tell Tom I won't need his help.
Tell Tom I won't be needing his help.
Tell Tom I love him.
Tell Tom I can hear him.
Tell Tom about what you did the other night.
Tell the others to hurry up.
Tell me you're kidding.
Tell me why you didn't ask Tom.
Tell me who you plan to go to Boston with.
Tell me where you've been hiding.
Tell me where you went.
Tell me where Tom is.
Tell me what you think.
Tell me what you saw.
Tell me what to think.
Tell me what I can do to help.
Tell me we're not both completely stupid.
Tell me to wait for you and I will.
Tell me this isn't happening.
Tell me I did the right thing.
Tell me how I can help you.
Tell me again why you want me to do that.
Tell me again who will be helping us.
Tell me again where you live.
Tell me again where Tom is planning to go to college.
Tell me again when the concert begins.
Tell me again what time you expect me to be there.
Tell me again what I'm supposed to do.
Tell me again how much money you have.
Tell me about Tom.
Tell me about the incident.
Tell Mary I love her.
Tell everybody we'll be there soon.
Tell everybody to stand by.
Take your coat. It's cold today.
Take whatever you want.
Take Tom to the station.
Take Tom to the hospital.
Take the leftover food home with you.
Take the afternoon off if you want to.
Take out the trash.
Take me to your place.
Take good care of Tom.
Take care of yourself, OK?
Take care of Tom.
Take care of that for me, will you?
Take as much time as you need.
Take as long as you need.
Take an umbrella. It's likely to rain.
Take a seat. You look tired.
Take a look at this report.
Take a deep breath and relax.
Stop worrying about it.
Stop what you're doing.
Stop the car.
Stop that.
Stop talking to me.
Stop right there, please.
Stop pretending you don't know the answer.
Stop pretending you don't know me.
Stop playing hard to get.
Stop or I'll shoot.
Stop harassing me.
Stop fussing over me. I'm fine.
Stop calling me Tom.
Stop by whenever you can.
Stop being so nice to me.
Stop being so dramatic.
Stop badgering me.
Stay here with Tom.
Sign on this line.
Promise me you won't give Tom my phone number.
Play that song again.
Lighten up.
Let me write that down.
Let me try to get Tom some help.
Let me think a minute.
Let me take a gander.
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
Let me smell your breath.
Let me show you something.
Let me see that list.
Let me see if I can do anything.
Let me open the door for you.
Let me know immediately if you have a problem.
Let me know if you need anything.
Let me just look at it for a while.
Let me introduce you to Tom.
Let me in. I have to talk to you.
Let me help.
Let me help you up.
Let me handle Tom, OK?
Let me go tell Tom that you're here.
Let me give you a hand with that.
Let me get you some ice.
Let me get this straight. You're my father?
Let me get this straight.
Let me get that for you.
Let me get my lawyer on the phone.
Let me call you back.
Let me call my lawyer.
Let me ask you something.
Let me ask you something, Tom. Do you think we really have a chance?
Let me ask you a question.
Let go or I'll scream.
Leave Tom out of this.
Leave the box on the porch.
Leave the baby in the crib.
Leave my family alone.
Leave me alone or I'll call the police.
Leave it to me. I'll get it done right away.
Leave a message and I'll call you.
Keep your voice down.
Keep your mouth shut.
Keep your money. I don't want it.
Keep your hands off my stuff.
Keep your hands off me.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Keep out of my way.
Keep off my property.
Keep it down, will you?
Keep calm.
Just use mine for now.
Just throw it away.
Just think about how you'd feel in a similar situation.
Just tell Tom I'm looking for him.
Just tell me what you're looking for.
Just tell me what you know about Tom.
Just tell me what you know about the situation.
Just tell me what you know about the problem.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me thrown into jail.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me into trouble.
Just take a deep breath.
Just stay where you are and I'll bring you the papers you need to sign.
Just stay out of my suitcase.
Just stay out of my desk.
Just stay out of my closet.
Just remember to have fun.
Just push down as hard as you can.
Just promise me you're going to be careful.
Just promise me you won't get angry.
Just pretend I'm not here.
Just let me know if you won't be here on time.
Just let me know if you have any trouble.
Just let me help you.
Just let me handle this.
Just let me do the talking.
Just leave Tom alone.
Just keep your mind on your work.
Just keep your hands where I can see them.
Just ignore Tom. He always seems to be complaining about something.
Just grab your bag and follow me.
Just give me what I want.
Just give me some time. I'm sure I can figure out how to solve the problem.
Just get out of here.
Just get off the stage.
Just get back to work.
Just follow my lead.
Just don't tell Tom.
Just don't tell Tom I sent you.
Just don't pierce anything.
Just don't make me do this again.
Just don't break anything.
Just do what I did when I met Mary. Tell her she's beautiful.
Just close your eyes.
Just be sure to leave your passport in the safe.
Just be quiet.
Just be glad you're OK.
Just be careful, Tom.
Just answer the question.
Hurry! Tom says it's urgent.
Hit the brakes.
Go wait in the car.
Go to the wine cellar and get a couple of bottles of wine.
Go stand over there and wait for me.
Go put some clean clothes on.
Go put on something more conservative.
Go over the choices again.
Go home. Get some rest.
Go get some towels.
Go find somebody who can help.
Go back to work.
Go back to where you belong.
Give me a hundred dollars.
Get Tom away from here.
Get the door, will you?
Get that dog away from me.
Get some sleep.
Find Tom before he tells someone.
Find Tom before he murders someone.
Find Tom before he hurts someone.
Find Tom and tell him to come here right away.
Find Tom and ask him what you just asked me.
Find out who Tom has been talking to.
Find out where Tom is.
Find out what you can about Tom.
Find out what Tom wants.
Find out how Tom plans to spend his weekend.
Find out all you can about Tom's business.
Find out all you can about Tom.
Fill this out, please.
Do it quickly.
Cool down.
Come outside.
Come on, sing with me.
Come on, give it to me.
Come on. Give it a try.
Come on, Tom. Talk to me.
Come meet some of your new classmates.
Come meet everybody.
Come here and sit down.
Come back here.
Come back and pick me up later.
Call me when you're ready.
Call me when it's done.
Be cool.
Ask Tom to help you.
I should have looked more attentively. I have a very kind mentor, but I cause him a lot of work.
The adventure begins.
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph because of Lucy.
I am not interested in this.
Aoga receives an honourable mention at the Kodansha Award for New Writers of Children’s Literature.
I gave him a slap.
Louie, your friends are coming. Clean up.
He will not stay for more than four days.
If I were you, I would stay quiet.
I'm still getting used to the great turn my life has taken.
She is looking up at me with impassive eyes.
We are now closer than we have ever been.
I can't take that last step. It's too difficult, too uncertain.
My hair refuses to sort out this morning.
We both have things we can't let go.
Is there actually a moment between the past and the future?
Today, I finally came to terms with myself; I accepted myself.
If he had something to say, the words were left unspoken.
I longed for something unattainable.
I would be thankful to you if you stayed until tomorrow.
This map will seem very useful to you.
To whom did you write the letter?
Hebrew is my mother tongue.
Hebrew is my native tongue.
I don't live in Finland.
Delete his name from the list.
Smell this flower.
Smell this milk. Do you think it's gone bad?
Limit your remarks to the matter we are discussing.
He wants to make fun of me.
I don't like it when people make fun of me.
The people are angry.
In many cultures, men and women dress differently.
The joke fell completely flat.
He did a great job.
She did a great job.
Can we have a moment alone?
You can do anything you want to.
He told me he was a liar, but I don't believe him.
She will not approve.
He will not approve.
He loves nightclubs.
She's a night owl.
He's an early bird.
Tom is lazy and undisciplined.
She has an attitude problem.
It's not unheard of.
I was not disappointed.
He was not disappointed.
She was not disappointed.
Slide to unlock.
She's wearing tights.
These men are wearing tights.
He was not quick enough.
She was not quick enough.
It's good for business.
I got it for free.
Bare soil is damaged soil.
Don't be nervous.
What is the soil food web?
Your soil is in need of amending.
The tiny yellow flowers are edible as well, and tasty.
I am allowing clover to grow on the edges.
Worm castings continually enrich the soil.
Organic chicken manure is high in nitrogen.
Permaculture is a branch of ecological design.
I am much sexier since my PDC.
I borrowed that sentence From Tamara.
Just remember, never walk on your garden.
I have a small piece of garden that has quite compacted soil.
My aunt's pen is full of ink.
I like it more and more.
Don't take anything that happens to you there personally
Why, is somebody going to be mean to me or something?
The Diaoyu Islands have been Chinese territory since ancient times.
I'll never do that again.
I'll definitely never do that again.
I'll never ever do that again.
I don't want to ever do that again.
I don't ever want to do that again.
"Top-down economics never works," said Obama. "The country does not succeed when just those at the very top are doing well. We succeed when the middle class gets bigger, when it feels greater security."
Cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs.
He's rich as Croesus.
We need few words to express what is essential.
We need few words to express the essential.
You may injure yourselves if you don't follow the safety procedures.
How did his son die?
Well, you don't seem very sick, all of a sudden.
There are highs and lows in life, said the elevator operator.
Don't you have some work to do?
I'm especially pleased to meet you.
I saw that he came.
Do as I say, not as I do.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me the need to buy it in the bookshop.
Do you breastfeed or bottlefeed him?
A belt keeps your pants from falling down.
I hate that they call me "four-eyes".
If I were rich, I would buy it.
She has already done.
Do you know where the closest bathroom is?
I kept walking until my feet got tired.
How horrible!
There is a fly buzzing in front of the fish shop.
He takes vitamins.
She loves nightclubs.
You could start your own company.
He's his own boss.
She's her own boss.
I'm my own boss.
I'm still on the fence.
This was her first job.
This was his first job.
It was her first job.
It was his first job.
It was my first job.
She's the most beautiful woman in the world.
Her parents love me.
His parents love me.
Her parents loved me.
His parents loved me.
It's a wonderful world.
Nobody did anything.
This is so sad.
We don't let people like you in here.
He's not the right man for you.
He's not the right man for me.
I know nothing about Linux.
It is too late for him.
It is too late for her.
It is too late for me.
It is too late for you.
It's too late for him.
It's too late for her.
It's too late for you.
They went to the music festival.
He's autistic.
I know what you want.
This is a new model.
It's the same every time.
Mayday, mayday!
I need to go to the bathroom.
I hid it under my bed.
It's hidden under the bed.
She always stayed by my side.
Which online dictionary do you use most?
He is different from his older brother.
He taught with patience.
With that big nose, he finishes the air around.
Her opinion was not accepted.
She phoned the psychiatrist.
Madalena was not cheerful about her husband's promotion.
Chinese is the language with most native speakers in the world.
I have been living in Rio de Janeiro for four years.
There were only six people in the meeting.
I am a nurse.
In the course of a few weeks.
Do not underestimate my power.
She had two accidents within a year.
That famous couple announced their split during the interview to Fama magazine.
That warship armed with eight cannons is a "Queen Elizabeth" class.
I've just arrived at the top of a mountain. That's really surprising, because according to my map, there should be a lake here.
Mary finished her Japanese exercise.
Have a listen and let me know your thoughts.
We're working for you.
We are working for you.
The conclusion may seem trivial: Esperanto exists.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
"Tom was killed in an automobile accident." "How horrible!"
SOS! SOS! SOS!
It is ice cold.
Who has the photos from the horse in Minsk?
He acknowledged his mistake.
The women achieved their goal.
It's 3:10.
He put the book on the desk.
Even though the light was red, that car just drove right through.
We are familiar with that author's name.
Good morning! Where do you want to go?
Elephants can't ride bicycles.
Mari calls her library room her "meditation room."
Only one of the tires is extremely flat. I wonder if it was punctured by a nail or something.
She interrupted me when I was speaking by putting her finger on my mouth.
As soon as I woke up, the headache returned.
One day you'll understand.
The book was banned in several countries.
I can't believe you’re doing this to me.
I can't believe he did this to me.
I can't believe she did this to me.
He's depressed and lonely.
She says that she's lonely.
It's easier to make money when you already have some.
We don't know why there's more matter than antimatter.
The Competence Center serves as a meeting place of problems and solutions.
Women give birth and men do not.
Were you crying?
They tore off their clothes.
Can you explain your answer?
We both laughed.
They both laughed.
Don't be naive.
That's adorable.
I've done some things I'm not proud of.
Do you want her to know about it?
Do you want him to know about it?
I saw her naked.
I saw him naked.
Get a grip on yourself!
Could you turn that down, please?
Stop deluding yourself.
Everything has a purpose.
They'll be coming to the party too.
She will be coming to the party too.
He will be coming to the party, too.
I will be coming to the party too.
She's a bitch.
I trusted you.
Turkish has a different word order.
The expansion of the universe is speeding up.
Science is very exciting.
Your accent's good, but your pronunciation's a little bit off.
Greed is not always good.
No one agreed with her.
No one agreed with him.
No one agreed with me.
I live in a rural area.
I learned to milk a cow.
He doesn't want to live in the city.
She wants to live in the city.
Welcome to the United States.
How is it possible to reconcile work and private life?
The trail has gone cold.
How can we achieve a balance between work and personal life?
Is there a student discount?
This is the key point. It's now or never.
The subway was so full that there were around five people per square meter.
There are no shortcuts to the peak, only to the abyss.
All the students applaud.
Do you really have enough money to buy such a valuable watch?
When a philosopher answers me, I no longer understand my question.
With pleasure, my dear.
Schooling is a process that taught a vast crowd of people to read but wasn't able to teach them to decide what is worth reading.
I cook, but I don't do that with much pleasure.
I cook, but without much pleasure.
The 26th of September is the European Day of the Languages. The Council of Europe want to sharpen the attention for the multilingual heritage of Europe, to foster the evolution of multilingualism in society and to encourage the citizens to learn languages​​. Tatoeba as an easy-to-use learning media and as a vivid community promotes the study and appreciation of languages in a quite practical way.
No smoking!
The bread is not fresh.
I'll email you in Chinese later.
Please open an account at our bank.
I think you should open an account here.
Why don't you open a savings account?
I opened an account at a nearby bank.
The poor are often disempowered by the language practices of those in power.
He decided to study law.
America’s credit-driven capitalist model has suffered a warning heart attack and needs a total rethink.
The Chinese government released on 25th "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory "White Paper.
The Chinese government issued a white paper entitled "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory" on the 25th.
The school is only a five-minute walk away.
How long did you train in order to achieve such perfection?
Let's go to the circus tomorrow.
I don't like these sweets.
My dear, maybe you are hiding something from me!
You didn't say anything.
Everything is okay, don't worry!
It isn't as bad as it seems.
It's easier to make plans than to realise them.
At that time, he was a student.
He wants to live in the city.
They see another boat going into the port.
You said nothing.
I would go with you, but I don't have any money.
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "With pleasure, my dear."
The capital of France is Paris.
I am the happiest person on Earth!
I am the happiest person in the world!
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "Sure. I'd be glad to."
I have two eyes.
He has a house by the sea.
Are you drinking green tea?
I will meet him at the bus stop.
He talks fast.
I like your family.
Tom is older than me.
The weather is good today.
I eat bread.
You don't have a heart.
I like your garden.
I hope you received the flowers I sent yesterday.
If you intend to win, you should do your best.
Tom yelled at Mary.
Tom wouldn't lie to Mary.
Tom wouldn't let me leave.
Tom would've liked you. It's too bad that you never met each other.
Tom would never steal anything.
Tom would never lie to Mary.
Tom would never hit Mary.
Tom would never do that.
Tom wondered what Mary was doing.
Tom won't tell Mary anything.
Tom won't stay.
Tom won't remember a thing.
Tom won't listen.
Tom won't have that problem.
Tom won't be here long enough to really learn how things work.
Tom won't be difficult to find.
Tom won't be at home tomorrow.
Tom will take you home.
Tom will not let Mary go.
Tom will never give up on Mary.
Tom will never forgive you.
Tom will have to wait.
Tom will find out soon enough.
Tom will find a place to live soon enough.
Tom will find a job soon enough.
Tom will come back. I'm sure he will.
Tom will be thrilled.
Tom will be there.
Tom went ballistic.
Tom watched the race through binoculars.
Tom watched Mary put sugar in her coffee.
Tom watched Mary go.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here until after Mary arrived.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here until 2:30.
Tom wasn't in his room this morning.
Tom wasn't expecting this.
Tom wasn't at home yesterday.
Tom was whistling a song his mother had taught him.
Tom was wearing a mask to conceal his identity.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat.
Tom was walking down the street with Mary at his side.
Tom was very brave.
Tom was utterly disappointed.
Tom was up all night studying.
Tom was the only one hurt.
Tom was supposed to meet me at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to help me paint the barn yesterday, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to be here for a week.
Tom was standing in the doorway.
Tom was standing in front of Mary.
Tom was smart not to sell his house at that time.
Tom was sitting at his computer.
Tom was severely beaten.
Tom was sent here to take over.
Tom was right.
Tom was quite handsome when he was young.
Tom was quite good-looking when he was young.
Tom was outside the movie theater.
Tom was on television last week.
Tom was my hero.
Tom was my best friend when I was a kid.
Tom was much stronger when he was younger.
Tom was married back then.
Tom was listening to his iPod as he worked out.
Tom was just asking who you are.
Tom was incredible.
Tom was in his underwear.
Tom was in a wheelchair.
Tom was holding a small box in his hands.
Tom was here before I was.
Tom was here a minute ago.
Tom was having car trouble.
Tom was happy working in the garden.
Tom was happy selling shoes.
Tom was gunned down in the street in front of the church.
Tom was flirting with Mary.
Tom was electrocuted.
Tom was depressed.
Tom was chewing on a toothpick.
Tom was born premature.
Tom was being questioned by the police in the next room.
Tom was arrested.
Tom was appalled by what Mary did.
Tom was alone on the park bench.
Tom was afraid to say anything.
Tom was about to leave when Mary knocked on the door.
Tom was about to be shot, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to be kissed, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to be killed, but he didn't know it.
Tom was abducted.
Tom was a very funny man.
Tom was a fussy baby.
Tom wants you to take the garbage out.
Tom wants to talk to you.
Tom wants to talk to me later at the bar.
Tom wants to take you home.
Tom wants to sell everything in his garage.
Tom wants to play.
Tom wants to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom wants to know where you've hidden the key.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left in his garage.
Tom wants to know what to do next.
Tom wants to help.
Tom wants to get married.
Tom wants me to apologize.
Tom wants a kiss.
Tom wanted to see Mary.
Tom wanted to protect Mary.
Tom wanted to leave, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to do something really nice for Mary.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom wanted me to leave the door unlocked.
Tom wanted Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom walked toward the entrance.
Tom walked through the door.
Tom walked over to the desk.
Tom walked out of the room.
Tom walked out in the hallway.
Tom walked into the living room.
Tom walked into Mary's room.
Tom walked into Mary's office.
Tom walked into Mary's bedroom.
Tom walked in the room.
Tom used to hang out with Mary and John.
Tom used to hang out at the pool.
Tom used to dream of playing professional baseball.
Tom used to be our handyman.
Tom used to bake us cookies.
Tom unlocked the front gate.
Tom unfolded the piece of paper.
Tom typed in the password.
Tom turned the knob and pushed the door open.
Tom turned right and Mary headed the other way.
Tom turned pale.
Tom turned out to be just like his father.
Tom turned on the light.
Tom turned off the water.
Tom turned around.
Tom tripped and fell.
Tom tried to stay calm.
Tom tried to save me.
Tom tried to pick up his keys with his toes.
Tom tried to open the door.
Tom tried to kill me.
Tom tried to avoid being captured.
Tom tried not to hurt Mary.
Tom tricked Mary into paying for his ticket.
Tom took the whole day off.
Tom took the ring off his finger.
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
Tom took some money out of his pocket and put it on the table.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.
Tom took off running when he heard the sirens.
Tom took off his shirt.
Tom took off his bicycle helmet and put it on the table.
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
Tom told me who you were asking to the prom.
Tom told me that he wasn't feeling very good.
Tom told me that he was lonely.
Tom told me that he was happy.
Tom told me that he wants to go to Boston.
Tom told me not to say anything to you.
Tom told Mary to go home.
Tom told his son not to speak with his mouth full.
Tom threatened me. He said if I didn't give him the money, he'd cut off one of my fingers.
Tom thought quite highly of you.
Tom thought it was rude to talk to Mary the way John did.
Tom thinks quite highly of Mary.
Tom thinks Mary is still alive.
Tom thinks Mary chickened out.
Tom thinks I'm too picky.
Tom thinks he knows what will happen next.
Tom taught me how to cook.
Tom taught Mary how to cook.
Tom tapped on the window.
Tom talks about Mary all the time.
Tom struggled to free himself.
Tom stopped running and tried to catch his breath.
Tom stood up and walked to the window.
Tom stood up and headed for the door.
Tom stood behind Mary.
Tom stole your money.
Tom still doesn't really like Mary much.
Tom stepped out into the hallway.
Tom stepped on some broken glass.
Tom stepped off the train.
Tom stepped off the bus with a big smile on his face.
Tom stepped into the shower.
Tom stepped forward to kiss Mary, but she stepped back.
Tom started walking towards Mary.
Tom started to walk away.
Tom started to unbutton his shirt.
Tom started to laugh.
Tom started loading the gun.
Tom started laughing.
Tom started giving Mary CPR.
Tom stared at the gun in Mary's hand.
Tom stared at the envelope in Mary's hand, wondering who the letter was from.
Tom stabbed Mary in the stomach.
Tom spoke to Mary.
Tom spoke into the microphone.
Tom sounds exhausted.
Tom slowly walked backwards.
Tom slipped and fell.
Tom slammed down the phone.
Tom sits in front of his computer eight hours a day.
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.
Tom shut the door to his room.
Tom shut the door behind him.
Tom showed up three days later.
Tom showed up at the party wearing a suit and tie.
Tom showed up at the party dressed like a pirate.
Tom showed me how to do it.
Tom showed Mary a few coins.
Tom shouldn't have told me.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary what John did.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary about John.
Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom should've been here by now.
Tom should hear about this.
Tom should be here.
Tom shot me in the leg.
Tom shook his head.
Tom shivered uncontrollably.
Tom shifted gears.
Tom sent me a note.
Tom sent Mary a birthday card.
Tom seems to like Boston.
Tom seems to have vanished.
Tom seems to actually be enjoying himself.
Tom seems stressed.
Tom seems so nice.
Tom seems sincere.
Tom seems nice.
Tom seems like a great kid.
Tom seems comfortable.
Tom seems anxious.
Tom seems a little nervous.
Tom seemed nice.
Tom seemed lost.
Tom scares me.
Tom says he saw everything.
Tom says he never thought about that.
Tom says he needs a nap.
Tom says he doesn't want a girlfriend.
Tom says he doesn't remember a thing.
Tom says he can't sleep.
Tom saw the video.
Tom saw Mary walking towards her car.
Tom saw Mary sitting alone on a park bench.
Tom saw Mary in the audience.
Tom sat on the curb.
Tom sat in the darkness.
Tom sat down on the couch.
Tom sat down next to Mary.
Tom sat alone at a table near the window.
Tom said that I should obey the teacher.
Tom said that he was unhappy.
Tom said that he was planning on getting there early.
Tom said that he was lonely.
Tom said that he was feeling tired.
Tom said Mary was dishonest.
Tom said I needed to put on some sunscreen.
Tom said he'd call at 2:30.
Tom said he'd be here, but I can't find him.
Tom said he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom said he'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Tom said he wasn't disappointed.
Tom said he had to tell someone about his problems.
Tom said he didn't know the answer.
Tom rolled up his sleeves.
Tom rolled his eyes.
Tom rolled down the window.
Tom ripped me off.
Tom responded instantly.
Tom resisted the urge to scream.
Tom reluctantly gave Mary what she asked for.
Tom really cares about you.
Tom realized he was alone.
Tom read the letter aloud.
Tom reached out his hand.
Tom reached for the dictionary on the top shelf.
Tom reached for his knife.
Tom ran towards the bushes.
Tom ran to catch up with Mary.
Tom raked up all the leaves.
Tom put the book down.
Tom put his wallet on the table.
Tom put his gun under his pillow.
Tom put his gun down.
Tom put his arms around Mary.
Tom pushed Mary off the edge of the cliff.
Tom pushed Mary into the pool.
Tom pulled up in his car.
Tom pulled the ring off his finger.
Tom pulled out his phone.
Tom pulled out a knife.
Tom promised to help.
Tom probably won't even go.
Tom pretended he was still asleep.
Tom prefers to park behind the house.
Tom poured himself a drink.
Tom pointed to one of the pictures and said, "Who's that?"
Tom pointed his gun at Mary.
Tom pocketed the keys.
Tom picked up the phone.
Tom picked up a folder.
Tom picked the book off the floor.
Tom passed out.
Tom passed away three months ago.
Tom packed a lunch for Mary to take to school.
Tom ordered this drink for you.
Tom ordered pizza.
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his drink.
Tom opened the door.
Tom opened the door and walked in.
Tom opened the box and looked inside.
Tom opened the apartment door and walked in.
Tom opened his suitcase.
Tom opened his eyes and saw Mary.
Tom offered Mary a chair.
Tom never thought of the future.
Tom never thought about the future.
Tom never mentioned any of this.
Tom never listens to me.
Tom never lets his children watch TV after 10:00 p.m.
Tom never had a chance.
Tom never came back.
Tom needs to buy time.
Tom needs me.
Tom needs help.
Tom needs a favor.
Tom needed the cash.
Tom must have been asleep.
Tom must be stopped.
Tom must be shown how to do what needs to be done.
Tom must be helped.
Tom moved out last night.
Tom misses you.
Tom misses Mary.
Tom might be right.
Tom may not give Mary a choice.
Tom may know where Mary is.
Tom made me do that.
Tom made Mary stop.
Tom made his choice.
Tom made eye contact with Mary.
Tom made a promise to Mary that he would never leave her.
Tom made a funny face.
Tom made a decision.
Tom lowered his voice.
Tom looks sick.
Tom looks relieved.
Tom looks proud of his son.
Tom looks like you.
Tom looks like a million bucks.
Tom looks guilty.
Tom looks frustrated.
Tom looks familiar.
Tom looks exhausted.
Tom looks disgusted.
Tom looks different.
Tom looks crushed.
Tom looks confused.
Tom looks annoyed.
Tom looks angry.
Tom looks agitated.
Tom looks a little nervous.
Tom looked relieved.
Tom looked in the mirror again.
Tom looked great.
Tom looked at the half-open door and wondered what was on the other side.
Tom looked at the floor.
Tom looked at the clock.
Tom looked at Mary.
Tom looked at his watch.
Tom looked around the room.
Tom looked around the place.
Tom looked a bit surprised.
Tom loaned me that DVD.
Tom lives on a boat.
Tom likes maple syrup on his pancakes.
Tom likes it hot.
Tom likes it cold.
Tom likes his beer really cold.
Tom liked that idea.
Tom lied to you.
Tom let me in.
Tom left with Mary.
Tom left me with no choice.
Tom left after breakfast.
Tom left a note.
Tom leaned over and picked the coin up.
Tom leaned on the counter.
Tom leaned back in his chair.
Tom leads a quiet life.
Tom laughed at his own joke.
Tom knows where Mary is.
Tom knows what's really going on.
Tom knows something that he's not telling us.
Tom knows Mary better than he knows anyone else.
Tom knows Mary better than anyone.
Tom knows Mary better than anyone else.
Tom knows Mary better than anyone else does.
Tom knows he's right.
Tom knows he has to help Mary tomorrow.
Tom knows he has no choice.
Tom knew the risks.
Tom knew it was wrong to do what he was doing.
Tom knew I was coming.
Tom kissed Mary's forehead.
Tom kissed Mary passionately.
Tom kissed Mary on the neck.
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks.
Tom kissed Mary and then went to work.
Tom kissed Mary and left.
Tom kind of looks like John.
Tom kicked over a chair.
Tom kicked open the door.
Tom kept my lighter.
Tom keeps hanging up on me.
Tom just went on vacation.
Tom just went inside.
Tom just wanted to be neighborly.
Tom just stared at Mary.
Tom just showed up.
Tom just showed up at work.
Tom just sat there looking bored.
Tom just left a few minutes ago.
Tom just got out of jail.
Tom just got carried away.
Tom just disappeared.
Tom just couldn't say no.
Tom just couldn't help himself.
Tom just called Mary a hippie.
Tom isn't wearing a belt.
Tom isn't supposed to be here.
Tom isn't in jail.
Tom isn't in charge.
Tom isn't happy.
Tom isn't dead.
Tom isn't breathing.
Tom isn't afraid of you.
Tom isn't a stranger.
Tom is working.
Tom is working late.
Tom is wide awake.
Tom is wearing a neck brace.
Tom is wearing a blue bandana on his head.
Tom is walking down the hall.
Tom is walking down the corridor.
Tom is waiting for you.
Tom is waiting for Mary.
Tom is very good at his job.
Tom is utterly disorientated.
Tom is usually with his friends.
Tom is upstairs.
Tom is up to something.
Tom is unstoppable.
Tom is unpacking his suitcase.
Tom is too young.
Tom is too far away.
Tom is their leader.
Tom is the only witness. There are no other witnesses.
Tom is the one who did this.
Tom is the boss.
Tom is telling the truth.
Tom is taking a bath in my bathtub.
Tom is supposed to be here by now.
Tom is still unconscious.
Tom is still skeptical.
Tom is still crying.
Tom is still asleep.
Tom is still alive.
Tom is sound asleep.
Tom is sitting on the couch.
Tom is sitting at his desk.
Tom is scared.
Tom is right there.
Tom is reluctant to leave.
Tom is quite photogenic.
Tom is paid by the hour.
Tom is on the dock.
Tom is on his way to the airport.
Tom is on his way over.
Tom is on his way here.
Tom is on his cell phone.
Tom is not who you think he is.
Tom is not welcome in this house.
Tom is not welcome in our home.
Tom is not the one who borrowed my car.
Tom is not going to forget that.
Tom is not coming.
Tom is not a suspect anymore.
Tom is no fun.
Tom is never wrong.
Tom is my husband.
Tom is my hero.
Tom is missing.
Tom is missing a finger.
Tom is miserable.
Tom is married.
Tom is looking at me.
Tom is looking at it.
Tom is just frightened.
Tom is just a friend from school.
Tom is in trouble.
Tom is in the shower.
Tom is in the other room getting dressed.
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.
Tom is in the hospital.
Tom is in the attic.
Tom is in a coma.
Tom is ignoring you.
Tom is holding a knife.
Tom is hiding something.
Tom is handsome.
Tom is going to need some more money.
Tom is going to cry.
Tom is going to be fine.
Tom is getting stronger.
Tom is furious.
Tom is even scared of Mary.
Tom is dumbfounded.
Tom is driving a truck.
Tom is disappointed.
Tom is desperate.
Tom is dead.
Tom is confused.
Tom is coming back.
Tom is behind you.
Tom is barely alive.
Tom is back in town.
Tom is awfully quiet today.
Tom is at the door.
Tom is at the bar.
Tom is at the airport.
Tom is asleep on the couch.
Tom is angry now.
Tom is an orphan.
Tom is an old friend.
Tom is already there.
Tom is already in Boston.
Tom is already getting dressed.
Tom is all dressed up.
Tom is about to go.
Tom is a smart kid.
Tom is a regular.
Tom is a guest.
Tom is a great kid.
Tom is a good friend.
Tom is a billionaire.
Tom hung up the phone.
Tom hung up on Mary.
Tom helped us a lot.
Tom helped Mary to her feet.
Tom helped because he wanted to.
Tom helped a lot.
Tom held up his end of the deal.
Tom held up his end of the bargain.
Tom held the gun to Mary's head.
Tom held the gun to his head.
Tom held Mary tight.
Tom heard his name being called.
Tom heard footsteps approaching.
Tom headed for the door.
Tom hates you.
Tom hates me.
Tom hasn't told me anything.
Tom hasn't moved for over an hour.
Tom hasn't had a fight with anybody lately.
Tom hasn't done much in a while.
Tom hasn't budged for over an hour.
Tom has two DUIs.
Tom has to go home.
Tom has to get out of here before the police get here.
Tom has tattoos all over his body.
Tom has passed out.
Tom has never yelled at Mary.
Tom has never had a job.
Tom has never had a good job.
Tom has meetings all day today.
Tom has just spotted Mary.
Tom has information that we need.
Tom has information that Mary needs.
Tom has his father's eyes.
Tom has decided not to go to college.
Tom has broken our engagement.
Tom has been up all night.
Tom has been sending Mary flowers.
Tom has been receiving death threats.
Tom has been nothing but trouble.
Tom has been looking for another lawyer.
Tom has been living in Boston for the past couple of years.
Tom has been hurt.
Tom has been following me.
Tom has been following me around.
Tom has been crying all night.
Tom has a secret admirer.
Tom has a scar just below his left eye.
Tom has a huge bruise on his right leg.
Tom has a drug problem.
Tom handed the knife to Mary.
Tom handed Mary some pictures.
Tom handed Mary some money.
Tom handed Mary a twenty-dollar bill.
Tom handed Mary a note.
Tom handed Mary a knife.
Tom handed Mary a glass of red wine.
Tom handed Mary a cup.
Tom handed a cup to Mary.
Tom handed a cocktail to Mary.
Tom had no place else to go.
Tom had no choice.
Tom had my permission to do what he did.
Tom had his head chopped off.
Tom had been severely beaten.
Tom grabbed Mary's arm and pulled her towards the door.
Tom grabbed his jacket and headed for the door.
Tom grabbed his coat.
Tom grabbed his bag.
Tom got up and left the room.
Tom got remarried recently.
Tom got out of the car.
Tom got out of bed and got dressed.
Tom got off his horse.
Tom got in the car.
Tom goes everywhere by himself.
Tom gave Mary some tips on how to use chopsticks.
Tom gave Mary another wink.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss.
Tom gave Mary a bottle of wine.
Tom gave John some of his clothes.
Tom found out what Mary did.
Tom forced me to open the box.
Tom forced Mary to give him the money.
Tom flopped down on his bed.
Tom flipped open his cell phone and made a call.
Tom fired his rifle.
Tom finished loading the truck.
Tom finished his drink.
Tom fell out of love with Mary.
Tom fastened his seat belt.
Tom eventually calmed down.
Tom entered the password.
Tom entered his password.
Tom ducked down.
Tom drank a glass of wine.
Tom doesn't usually say anything.
Tom doesn't seem to mind that his daughter is dating John.
Tom doesn't seem to like himself very much.
Tom doesn't seem like himself.
Tom doesn't remember anything.
Tom doesn't need my help.
Tom doesn't need a lawyer.
Tom doesn't live here.
Tom doesn't listen to anyone.
Tom doesn't let Mary go shopping by herself.
Tom doesn't let anyone touch him.
Tom doesn't know.
Tom doesn't know where we are.
Tom doesn't know what's really going on.
Tom doesn't know how to reply.
Tom doesn't know anything.
Tom doesn't know anything about that.
Tom doesn't know about Mary's death yet.
Tom doesn't have anybody.
Tom doesn't have any family.
Tom doesn't have a sense of humor.
Tom doesn't have a home.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
Tom doesn't have a car. He just uses Mary's.
Tom doesn't hate you.
Tom doesn't deserve a second chance.
Tom dismounted the horse.
Tom dismounted his motorcycle.
Tom disappeared into his room.
Tom died when we were young.
Tom died when Mary was still in her teens.
Tom died the same way Mary did.
Tom died from a scorpion sting.
Tom died alone.
Tom didn't want Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom didn't tell us everything.
Tom didn't tell me.
Tom didn't tell me why.
Tom didn't seem to be disappointed.
Tom didn't see it.
Tom didn't say anything about why he was late.
Tom didn't say anything about where he'd come from.
Tom didn't notice a thing.
Tom didn't mention that.
Tom didn't mention Mary.
Tom didn't look very well.
Tom didn't kill Mary.
Tom didn't kill himself.
Tom didn't kill anybody.
Tom didn't have much of a choice.
Tom didn't have anything to do with the scandal.
Tom didn't have a choice.
Tom didn't have a chance to visit Mary when he was in Boston.
Tom didn't even look at the report that Mary gave him.
Tom didn't come home for dinner.
Tom didn't answer right away.
Tom did it, didn't he?
Tom dialed the number again.
Tom cut school.
Tom cracked up.
Tom couldn't possibly be over thirty.
Tom couldn't help but smile.
Tom couldn't have done what you say he did.
Tom couldn't have done it.
Tom couldn't find Mary.
Tom couldn't find his shoes.
Tom couldn't decode the secret message.
Tom couldn't believe how cute Mary was.
Tom could no longer hide his fear.
Tom could be anywhere.
Tom could be a cop.
Tom continued to honk the horn.
Tom comes here every single day.
Tom comes here every day.
Tom collapsed on the floor.
Tom closed the door behind him.
Tom closed his eyes and went to sleep.
Tom climbed up onto the roof.
Tom climbed into his truck.
Tom claims that he has never killed anyone.
Tom checked the time.
Tom checked his watch.
Tom checked his pants pockets.
Tom chased after Mary.
Tom canceled our date. He said he had to work late.
Tom can't walk.
Tom can't stay.
Tom can't stay here by himself.
Tom can't stay here alone.
Tom can't see you.
Tom can't hurt you.
Tom can't hurt me.
Tom can't hear you.
Tom can't handle the truth.
Tom can't find his shoes.
Tom can't find his keys.
Tom can't control himself.
Tom can't be serious.
Tom can show you around.
Tom can hear you.
Tom came to help.
Tom came on his own.
Tom came by himself.
Tom came at me with a knife.
Tom came at me with a knife in his hand.
Tom called Mary instead of John.
Tom buttoned up his shirt.
Tom bumped into Mary.
Tom brought a date to the party.
Tom broke my nose.
Tom bought Mary a present.
Tom bought it for me.
Tom bought a pair of cheap shoes, but they didn't last very long.
Tom blew Mary a kiss.
Tom bent down to pick up something off the floor.
Tom backed away.
Tom asked me out.
Tom asked me out again.
Tom asked Mary to the prom.
Tom asked Mary a question.
Tom asked for my opinion.
Tom and Mary were very close.
Tom and Mary were out on the balcony at two in the morning.
Tom and Mary were finally alone.
Tom and Mary were both talking at the same time.
Tom and Mary went outside.
Tom and Mary want you to find someone to babysit for them.
Tom and Mary stopped kissing.
Tom and Mary stopped hugging.
Tom and Mary stared at each other.
Tom and Mary never got along.
Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't talking to each other anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't scared of John.
Tom and Mary are in Tom's car.
Tom and Mary are fighting. Please do something.
Tom always liked you.
Tom always checks the caller ID before he answers the phone.
Tom acted like a jerk.
Ignore what Tom said.
Ignore Tom.
Answer my question.
Leave your umbrella at the front door.
I can't stop thinking about you.
I dare my parents to do this!
"If you're not happy with your purchase, you can return it at any time." "Could I get that in writing?"
I dare you to try to stop me.
I dare you to say that again.
I dare you to jump over this ditch.
I dare you to call Tom a sissy.
China has to move from an assembly-copying-manufacturing economy to a knowledge-services-innovation economy.
We must make it!
We have to make it!
I just want a clear answer.
He is talking on the phone.
The local restaurant is awful.
Asbestos is nasty stuff and it can cause lung cancer if you breathe in the dust
She wants to buy a present for her boyfriend.
I'm sorry, I'll do whatever it takes to repair it.
Is that your mother?
They have their own culture.
Anybody knows who Florence is?
I wish I had one.
Which album could it be?
There are many books about George Harrison, and it seems there is no mention of a Florence.
George Harrison was a gentleman all his life!
George was always my favorite.
I need some milk.
He hopes to visit Paris.
Would you do me a favour?
She has a very open personality.
The house next door is a bit loud. I wonder if they're throwing a party.
Hearing that a transfer student was coming, the class buzzed with excitement.
The rain that was drizzling when I got on to the train is now pouring.
When I see the soundly sleeping face of my daughter, I think, "I will give it my all tomorrow, too."
She is meditating.
She's meditating.
It's a brain-teaser.
She's a desperate housewife.
These housewives are desperate.
Everybody loves Tom.
Everybody loves my cat.
This TV show tackles issues of teenage pregnancy and homosexuality.
This show is too racy for teenagers.
He was accused of corrupting morals and spreading dangerous ideas.
Your hands are cold.
You've got to be kidding!
He has an attitude problem.
The suspect was taken into custody.
She doesn't like it here.
I think he doesn't like it here.
You have to respect your elders.
Come on, tell us the whole story!
I want to eat steak.
Dolphins are good swimmers.
Sharks are good swimmers.
I don't want to be rich.
I want to be rich.
Just watch me.
You like me, don't you?
Why don't you like me?
Thank you for doing this.
There is some truth to this.
There's some truth to this.
There may be some truth to this.
We weren't doing anything!
He was killed by his own brother.
She was killed by her own sister.
Do you have an alibi?
Everything is relative.
There is no turning back now.
You have nothing to lose.
This is a beautiful book.
Wood floats.
This is wrong.
She fell asleep.
You are very pretty in those clothes.
That accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful.
I believe, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that she is innocent.
We're just friends.
He's stupid and arrogant.
We want justice.
We demand justice.
The bathroom is dirty.
Your room is dirty.
Can you spare a minute?
You could use some sleep.
I could use some sleep.
This is the tricky part.
You're not making any sense.
It's virtually impossible.
The pay is good.
This is sabotage.
There's something I'd like to show you.
My Spanish dictionary says not to use the word "desgraciado" in Ecuador.
I'd be happy to show it to you.
It's part of the job.
What are you unhappy about? Let it out and let everyone cheer you up a bit.
Physicians must confront ageism.
What do tigers eat?
Who stole the sheets from the bed?
Don't sleep long.
How can you shorten this cable?
What should you do if you find a big spider on your bed?
Why are my students lazy?
Why do you go to bed late?
He sleeps with his shoes on.
You have to do to work. Work won't come to you.
You forgot his name.
"What is the time?" "It is twenty minutes to three."
He's an unlucky guy.
Be pretty and shut up!
How many times do you feed the fish?
Your little sentence is too neat.
I got inked.
I still remember he loves cheese.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
When I play with my cat, how do I know that she's not entertaining herself with me rather than I with her?
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Praise be to Allah!
It may be that my Lord guideth me unto a nearer way of truth than this.
Remember thy Lord when thou forgettest.
The truth from the Lord of you.
The truth from the Lord of you all.
You have many friends.
Once washed, the lining will look brand new.
He has many friends.
She has many friends.
We have many friends.
Mary has many friends.
A stranger came up to you and asked you the time.
Both my brothers are teachers.
Both your brothers are teachers.
Both her brothers are teachers.
Both our brothers are teachers.
Both their brothers are teachers.
A stranger came up to him and asked him the time.
A stranger came up to her and asked her the time.
A stranger came up to us and asked as the time.
A stranger came up to them and asked them the time.
Call him this evening.
Call her this evening.
Call us this evening.
Call them this evening.
Call Mary this evening.
Call Tom this evening.
Call Tom and Mary this evening.
Call him up if you want him.
I can not understand how everyone said the Holy War occured for a good cause.
Lidia still hasn't looked at her mail.
We allow it!
That color doesn't look good on me.
The car comes from the right.
I know it from him.
It's on the table.
You will help me!
I will fly to Germany.
I'm talking about it.
I am bored.
I am not thirsty.
It's an oxymoron.
Do you mean me?
Pollution is everywhere.
Don't worry!
I spoke with my family.
You won't believe this!
We'll be waiting.
I'll be waiting.
They won't believe it.
He won't believe it.
She won't believe it.
Tom told us he'd be waiting in front of the post office.
He was more than happy to do it.
She was more than happy to do it.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will believe that.
I'll be more than happy to help.
Tom said that he'd be more than happy to help Mary weed the garden.
Close your eyes and take a deep breath.
This book will change your life.
I want to tell you something, but it's a secret. Promise not to tell.
Is there anything you need to tell me?
I told them nothing.
I told him nothing.
I told her nothing.
He looked pleased.
She looked pleased.
I'll be waiting for you at 2:30 in front of the school.
You won't believe what I just saw.
You won't believe what Tom just did.
You won't believe who I just saw.
You won't believe how much money Tom gave me for my old car.
You won't believe where Tom and Mary went for their honeymoon.
She seemed very surprised when I told her about it.
He seemed very surprised when I told him about it.
She seemed surprised when I told her.
He seemed surprised when I told him.
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
Tom didn't seem surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
He's eager to speak to you.
She's eager to speak to you.
It's almost impossible.
It's nearly impossible.
"I can't sleep." "Me neither."
Once you start eating popcorn, it's nearly impossible to stop.
Once you start eating popcorn, it's almost impossible to stop.
I'm not interested.
He's a jovial man.
I'm not interested in anything Tom has to say.
I'm not interested in science fiction.
I'm not interested in going to the baseball game.
You've got a deal.
He has a second job.
Am I interrupting something?
I can take care of myself.
She's nothing but trouble.
He's nothing but trouble.
They must be punished.
I'm not laughing.
Tom said he wasn't interested in Mary, but he seemed to always be looking towards the side of the room where she was.
Tom warned Mary that John was nothing but trouble. However, she ignored his warning.
This is incorrect.
This isn't correct.
This isn't right.
That place is a shithole.
I was disappointed by the new iOS 6 maps.
Something is moving behind the bush.
It was worth the wait.
The dog breathed with difficulty.
It is time to go.
Anytime you want.
"May I come over to your house?" "Anytime you want."
You may borrow my car anytime you want.
You may borrow my car anytime you want to.
They're coming to our house. We aren't going to their house.
That changes nothing.
Do you see that?
Do you have a lot to do today?
I have a lot to do.
He is just now speaking with her.
Paul makes it a rule not to be late for appointments.
Where are you going the day after tomorrow?
The rain is wonderful.
I have to go home already.
I play football now. And you? What are you doing?
I'm playing football at the moment. And you, what are you doing?
It is best that we speak with a specialist.
We need the rain.
I'm happy.
We need rain.
I received a letter from one of my friends in Japan.
She is running.
It seems my clock is slightly off.
Will this stuff jeopardize my health?
Nasa's Mars rover has found an ancient streambed.
The lie sounds good, but I'd like to listen to the sheer truth.
Would you like to know the truth about this fact?
I cannot accept your present.
I can't accept your gift.
I don't have books to read.
Travel the world!
That doesn't change anything.
I don't think this is a wasp.
Tom wouldn't just leave like that. He'd have at least said goodbye.
Tom won't be killing anybody else.
Tom won't be going anywhere else.
Tom won't be eating anything else.
Tom went upstairs to the attic.
Tom was stuck in a crowded elevator.
Tom was shirtless and barefoot.
Tom was in the classroom when I left.
Tom walked over to the filing cabinet.
Tom walked down the stairs.
Tom turned on the light and walked in.
Tom tried to save Mary's life.
Tom tried to read Mary's name tag.
Tom took his reading glasses off.
Tom still has to pay the bill.
Tom still has to fix this somehow.
Tom still has to finish painting the fence.
Tom stepped aside and let Mary walk in.
Tom slammed on the brakes.
Tom says you keep hanging up on him.
Tom says Mary keeps hanging up on him.
Tom saw what Mary did.
Tom saw something on the floor.
Tom saw people starting to leave, so he decided to leave, too.
Tom saw Mary walking up the steps.
Tom saw Mary coming towards him.
Tom saw Mary and John arguing.
Tom sat in the driver's seat and adjusted the rearview mirror.
Tom said it was difficult to choose.
Tom returned to the living room.
Tom realizes Mary doesn't like him very much.
Tom realized that Mary was right.
Tom put the cups on the shelf.
Tom put the bird back in the cage.
Tom pulled a box from under the bed.
Tom poured milk into the blender.
Tom poured Mary some more wine.
Tom poured himself another beer.
Tom opened his eyes and looked around.
Tom opened his duffel bag.
Tom noticed the front door was open.
Tom made an impressive presentation.
Tom looked at Mary and so did John.
Tom looked around for his camera.
Tom leaned down and picked up a rock.
Tom knew who I was trying to get to join our team.
Tom knew who I was trying to find.
Tom knew who I was before I told him.
Tom isn't your typical stockbroker.
Tom is over there standing by the window.
Tom is on the phone talking to Mary.
Tom is in his car waiting for Mary.
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.
Tom hopes that he can visit Boston before he dies.
Tom helped Mary with the laundry.
Tom heard someone humming his favorite tune.
Tom handed Mary the letter.
Tom handed Mary the letter opener.
Tom grabbed his camera and went outside.
Tom got on a horse and followed Mary.
Tom gave Mary the key to the Vespa.
Tom followed Mary into the office.
Tom entered the kitchen.
Tom doesn't get out of the city much.
Tom didn't know Mary was at the club.
Tom didn't even look at Mary.
Tom danced on top of the bar.
Tom couldn't take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom closed his eyes and fell asleep.
Tom cleaned out the car.
Tom certainly didn't seem to be expecting us.
Tom came out of his hiding place.
Tom brought Mary a glass of water.
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.
Tom began to pull on his jeans.
Yesterday I went to the opera.
Do you know if he can come to us tomorrow?
I learn German in order to have more opportunities in the profession.
We are both friends.
Every day is a gift.
I am reading a letter.
The teacher speaks softly.
The teacher speaks quietly.
You have the right to be creative.
I got hurt while running.
His new book received accolades from the magazines.
He was accorded permission to use the device.
I was accosted by a complete stranger at the bus stop.
Men are sincere.
The interest on his bank account accrued over the years.
Actually his work has reached the acme of perfection.
After the entrée comes the main dish.
After the main dish comes the dessert.
What are binaural beats?
I was going to say a year.
I want to see them!
I wanna see them!
The temperature fell to five degrees below zero.
I'm losing my soul.
I am losing my soul.
Politeness is just a protocol that is different in every society.
A protocol is used when computers intercommunicate, just as human beings do.
You can build a pinhole camera with a shoe box.
I'm not Uyghur. I'm Russian.
My older brother is a very good person.
Do you agree with me?
Dad went to the bank because he was short of money.
How many bridges are there across the River Thames?
John walked over the bridge and crossed the road.
Some attention should be paid to word order, gender and declension.
Turn in your test papers.
Open your books to page 86.
Come to the front of the classroom.
Show me your homework.
Tell me what you think about Tom.
Look both ways before you cross the road.
Don't you tell me what to say.
Don't you dare feel sorry for me.
Don't you dare do that again.
Don't tamper with anything else.
Don't tell me you didn't know.
He is madly jealous of his woman.
Do you really want to be a soldier?
Do you really want to be immortal?
Do you really want to live forever?
Do you really want to be like Tom?
Do you really want to buy anything from Tom?
Do you really want to do that?
Do you really want to drive all night?
Do you really want to drop out of high school?
Do you really want to eat that?
Do you really want to get married?
Do you really want to get more done?
Do you really want to go to Boston again?
Do you really want to go to Boston by yourself?
Do you really want to go to the party with Tom?
Do you really want to have children?
Do you really want to have kids?
Do you really want to know if Tom likes you?
Do you really want to know the truth?
Do you really want to know why I didn't do what you asked me to do?
Do you really want to know why Tom doesn't like you?
Do you really want to live in a hotel?
Do you really want to live in Boston?
Do you really want to lose weight?
Do you really want to pitch your tent this close to the river?
Do you really want to put your money in that bank?
Do you really want to quit school?
Do you really want to quit your job?
Do you really want to risk being stuck out here by yourself?
Do you really want to risk it?
Do you really want to run your own business?
Do you really want to sell your guitar?
Do you really want to sell your house right now?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you really want to stay here for a week?
Do you really wanna talk about this now?
Do you really want to vote for Tom?
Do you really want to wait for Tom?
Do you really want to wait for two hours?
Do you really want to walk?
Do you really want to work at that company?
Do you really want to work for an ex-convict?
Do you really want to work in Boston?
The pen I lost yesterday was new.
Would you help me clean the bedroom?
The life span of a butterfly is short.
I think Tom was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom got injured because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Unfortunately, Tom was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Why don't you answer?
I am fed up with talking to you!
I sleep a lot during the day, so it feels like I'm warping through time.
I stayed home to rest.
At least I would not be alone.
Don't take my name off your list.
Don't leave my name off your list.
Tom and Mary are sitting at a table over near the jukebox.
Tom can't help but be suspicious.
Tom could feel the sun on his face.
Tom didn't let Mary play with the other children.
Tom didn't say whether he went to Mary's party or not.
Tom didn't say whether he would go to Mary's party or not.
Tom doesn't have to do that right away.
Tom doesn't seem to recognize Mary.
Tom doesn't want to have to fight you.
Tom drove Mary home in his sports car.
Tom followed Mary into the room.
Tom gave Mary a list of all the victims.
Tom got freaked out by what happened.
What happened freaked Tom out.
Tom got out from behind his desk and went over to open a window.
Tom got up and started to walk away.
Tom grabbed a letter opener off his desk.
Tom has been out of the office for a couple weeks.
Tom has been out of town since last Saturday.
Tom has had plenty of time.
Tom heard a cat meowing in the tree.
Tom is dead, isn't he?
Tom is like my own son.
Tom is on the computer.
Tom is putting stuff in his backpack.
Tom is the only one who can help you now.
Tom is unaware of what has happened.
Tom isn't one to complain.
Tom isn't one to gossip.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek and then got into his car.
Tom knew that Mary was throwing a party.
Tom moved through the dimly-lit alley.
Tom needs to know what he's up against.
Tom never could hide a secret from Mary.
Tom picked a flower and smelled it.
Tom picked up a piece of the broken mirror.
Tom picked up something off the table.
Tom promised not to hurt Mary.
Tom promised not to hurt us.
Tom realized there was no toilet paper.
Tom realized there were no cars parked in front of the school.
Tom really should've been here by now.
Tom really should've checked in by now.
Tom really should've finished doing that by now.
Tom said that he told Mary to do her homework.
Tom saw his reflection in the mirror.
Tom saw Mary picking things up off the floor.
Tom thanked me for changing his life.
Tom took the morning off.
Tom tried to break up the fight between Mary and John.
Tom tried to stop it from happening.
Tom turned and saw Mary looking at him.
Tom turned on the hot water tap.
Tom unlocked his briefcase.
Tom unlocked the cage.
Tom used to come to work in a Ford.
Tom walked away from the restaurant.
Tom walked in through the front door.
Tom walked over to Mary and hugged her.
Tom wants to have a talk with Mary.
Tom wants to know how much ice cream Mary ate.
Tom wants to know what Mary did last weekend.
Tom wants to know when Mary will go shopping.
Tom wants to know where Mary went to high school.
Tom wants to know who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't go to school today.
Tom was just starting to trust Mary.
Tom wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom went to buy another pair of shoes.
Tom wouldn't leave me alone.
Tom, answer the door.
Tom, are you okay?
Tom, are you there?
Tom, how's it going?
Tom, is that you?
Tom, it's not your fault.
Tom, where are you?
Tom's car won't start.
Tom's cellphone rang and he answered it.
Tom's cellphone rang.
Tom's cellphone vibrated on the table.
Tom's house is on fire.
When I lived in Rome, I took the subway every day.
I really am sorry.
I'm sorry about the other day.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I'm sorry. I don't have a lot of time.
I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have done that.
I'm sorry. That's really all I remember.
Like it or not, you have to do it.
Like it or not, you have to do that right away.
Like it or not, you have to go.
Like it or not, you have to take this medicine.
What is principle of equidistance?
I hope you are in a safe place.
Laws cannot be constant.
Let the fun begin!
The sun will shine again soon.
The sun shines brighter after the storm.
I can't believe that she did it to me.
I can't believe that she did that to me.
I cannot believe that she did that to me.
You are a pain in the neck!
My shoulders hurt.
I have a pain in my shoulders.
He talks too obliquely like a Chinese.
His world is full of insubstantialities because of so much indirect, veiled communication.
He regretted that he could not read the more academic logograms in the advanced book that he found trashed at the university.
His country is censored the world over, so that outsiders would not see the industrial pollution and the huge sterile apartment blocks therein.
His aunt urged him to learn a foreign language that he could use to emigrate out of the country.
The nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood.
All this impulse buying is going to leave you saddled with debt.
The psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
Things escalated quickly.
That escalated quickly.
I see the girl.
Things spiraled out of control.
I love the smell of pancakes in the morning.
I love the smell of coffee in the morning.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
She has a son and a daughter.
Tom was sent away to an insane asylum.
I love dessert.
He was sent to a mental hospital.
She was sent to a mental hospital.
She jumped into her car.
He jumped into her car.
Ghosts do not exist.
Ghosts don't exist.
He's a ghost hunter.
She's a vampire hunter.
In retrospect, that decision was a mistake.
Tom, get us out of here!
I've seen her before.
I've seen him before.
He arrived with a pretty girl on his arm.
It's fun to go out with her.
It's fun to go out with him.
Is that even possible?
Why is that wrong?
I took that photo a week ago.
I took that picture a week ago.
You're such a good friend.
We took her to the hospital.
We took him to the hospital.
I took her to the hospital.
I took him to the hospital.
Will you join me?
I'm sorry, but it's no longer available.
We're sorry but this video is no longer available.
You shouldn't have come here.
I shouldn't have come here.
You must join me.
He was mad because he was not invited.
He was not invited.
She was not invited.
They were not invited.
I don't blame them.
I don't blame him.
I don't blame her.
It wasn't the first time.
It wasn't the first time they had done it.
It wasn't the first time and it won't be the last.
It was the final straw.
She speaks three languages.
He speaks four languages.
Thank you.
It was both energizing and exhausting.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
Tom wakes up at 8 a.m. every morning.
She works at Hooters.
We're just chilling.
Tom collects comics.
He pretended to be sick.
She stayed home and pretended to be sick.
It's just not the same thing.
People don’t give a shit about what you feel or what you think.
I don’t give a fuck about what you think.
Tom is a forest ranger.
Darwin's work changes everything.
Darwin changed the world.
Darwin changed everything.
Darwin changed the way we see the world.
He's a creationist.
He does not believe in evolution.
In winter, we need to feed the birds.
In winter, we must feed the birds.
There are a lot of beautiful buildings in this town.
Our father goes to work by car.
Bob got into his car.
John's house is opposite the church.
The church was built in the fifteenth century.
That is not art. That is a vagina dentata.
Bob's father works in a car factory.
The dog jumped over the fence.
We squeezed through a hole in the fence.
Where's the nearest hotel?
I know a very nice little hotel quite close to here.
Can you tell me the way to the library?
Is that a library book or is it your own copy?
Grandma went to the market to buy food for the family.
I'm tired because I worked too much.
My parents want me to study medicine.
Shall we go to church by foot?
We spent the afternoon eating grapes.
We will get there in two hours.
My Spanish friend is called Enrique.
One learns from one's mistakes.
A group of American architects, product designers, engineers and scientists have developed the seven principles of universal design.
Who believes in God?
Say that again if you are a man!
He ate only bread and cakes.
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
You are either with us or against us.
I hope you liked it and that you come back soon.
I hope you all liked it and that you all come back soon.
I can't laugh or cry.
