Tom was starting to feel tired.
Tom thought something bad would happen.
Tom soon realized he wasn't going to be able to help.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that today.
Tom was very helpful yesterday.
Tom wanted to finish what he was doing.
Tom soon realized there was someone else in the room.
I think Tom may be able to do that for us.
Tom was with me the whole time.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend Valentine's Day together.
I think Tom really would enjoy doing that.
Tom wished he had a girlfriend.
Tom was the one who designed our house.
Tom didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
I thought that Tom was already doing that.
Tom wished he had more friends.
Tom was the one who set all of this up.
Tom has to finish what he's doing before he can leave.
I tried really hard to get Tom to do that.
When is Tom going to come over?
Tom was the one who told me about that.
Tom really should've told Mary what needed to be done.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Everybody had problems with Tom.
Tom wasn't able to apologize in French.
Tom said he was able to do everything he needed to do.
I wonder when Tom was planning to do that.
Everybody has problems with Tom.
Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
Tom said he was able to do everything he wanted to do.
I wonder where Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom is happy here.
Tom will try to find out why Mary left.
Tom said that he didn't really like working in Boston.
I wonder why Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom doesn't get arrested.
Tom wished Mary would smile more often.
Tom and Mary held hands as they walked along the river.
I wonder why Tom thought I should do that.
I should've given Tom more help.
Tom would do anything to get Mary back.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he had to buy.
I wonder why Tom told me I had to do that.
I should've given Tom more time.
Was I not supposed to give that to Tom?
Tom didn't have enough time to do what he needed to do.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't doing that.
I'd like to go to Tom's concert.
What makes you think Tom is not guilty?
Tom didn't have enough time to do what he wanted to do.
I'd rather do that with you than with Tom.
The only girl Tom likes is Mary.
What time did Tom say he wanted to eat?
Tom knew that the gun Mary had in her hand wasn't real.
Tom already knows what Mary did.
When was the first time Tom kissed you?
Tom sat in on a park bench, watching people walking by.
I'm sure Tom will soon be able to do that.
Tom already knows what he'll do.
Where does Tom plan to build his house?
Tom says that I don't spend enough time with my family.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't allow me to do that.
Tom bought everything he needed.
Who does Tom want to go to Boston with?
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know each other.
If anybody could do that, it would be Tom.
Tom bought everything he wanted.
Who told Tom that he could leave early?
Tom broke up with Mary and started going out with Alice.
Please ask Tom to show you how to do that.
Tom did something pretty stupid.
Don't you want to know what Tom told me?
Tom didn't know he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tell Tom that I'm not planning to do that.
Tom did something really stupid.
Everybody assumed that Tom was Canadian.
Tom had enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom didn't buy everything he needed.
Have you ever heard Tom play the guitar?
Tom had enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
Tom claims he wasn't the one who did that.
Tom didn't buy everything he wanted.
How long does Tom expect us to be there?
Tom realized Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom didn't have the permission to do that.
Tom didn't want to leave Boston.
How long does Tom expect us to help him?
Tom realized there was nothing he could do to help Mary.
Tom didn't realize Mary needed to do that.
Tom disappeared on October 20th.
I don't think Tom is going to get fired.
Tom soon realized there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom didn't realize Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom gave the police a fake name.
I hope Tom did what Mary told him to do.
I know Tom probably didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Tom finished doing that about an hour ago.
Tom has been in bed all morning.
I hope Tom did what you asked him to do.
I was afraid Tom might not do what he was supposed to do.
Tom has decided not to do that ever again.
Tom hasn't finished high school.
I hope Tom doesn't have to go to prison.
The police searched Tom's room, but didn't find anything.
Tom has decided to never to do that again.
Tom heard Mary yelling his name.
I hope Tom spends a long time in prison.
Tom and Mary wanted to take a walk on the beach together.
Tom has finally agreed to help us do that.
Tom hid the knife under his bed.
I really should've given Tom more money.
Tom decided that he didn't really like working in Boston.
Tom informed Mary that she had to do that.
Tom is going to like being here.
I think Tom knows what needs to be done.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom informed Mary that she should do that.
Tom is going to like this place.
I think that didn't surprise Tom at all.
Tom didn't realize Mary was going to have to leave early.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than me.
Tom is going to love being here.
I think we're all upset by what Tom did.
Tom had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, I think.
Tom is going to love this place.
I thought Tom was going to like it here.
Tom is still doing the same thing he was doing yesterday.
Tom is the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom is still not ready to leave.
I thought Tom was going to talk to Mary.
Tom returned to the living room with a smile on his face.
Tom isn't doing that the way I showed him.
Tom isn't dressed appropriately.
I thought that Tom was going to be here.
Tom said he was able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom isn't going to start doing that today.
Tom isn't going to like it here.
I thought you knew Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom told me that I should spend more time with my family.
Tom isn't likely to forget how to do that.
Tom never told me what happened.
I'm going to take Tom to Boston with me.
I just wanted to tell Tom how much I appreciated his help.
Tom isn't likely to want to do that again.
Tom pawned his mother's jewelry.
I'm sure Tom won't want anything to eat.
Tom and Mary spent hours talking about their future plans.
Tom isn't suggesting Mary did that, is he?
Tom proposed to Mary last night.
Please don't help Tom with his homework.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
Tom knew Mary no longer needed to do that.
Tom said he felt bad about that.
That's the first car Tom has ever owned.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
Tom really should be doing that right now.
Tom said he wanted a better job.
The police have no evidence against Tom.
Tom pawned the pocket watch his grandfather had given him.
Tom really should be helping Mary do that.
Tom saw Mary before she saw him.
There are a lot of things Tom won't eat.
Tom said he needed money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom said he'd be interested in doing that.
Tom shot the burglar in the leg.
This is a picture of Tom and his family.
Tom says he remembers absolutely nothing about that night.
Tom said he'd never allow Mary to do that.
Tom should be in Boston by 2:30.
Tom already knows what Mary plans to do.
Tom told me that I don't spend enough time with my family.
Tom said he'd prefer not to do that today.
Tom should tell Mary what to do.
Tom already knows what Mary wants to do.
Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom said he'd try doing that this weekend.
Tom should've been more patient.
Tom already knows what he's going to do.
Tom didn't realize he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom thought Mary was the one who did that.
Tom still has many things to do.
Tom already knows what needs to be done.
Tom has gotten sick three times since he's moved to Boston.
Tom thought that he might be able do that.
Tom still hasn't talked to Mary.
Tom always carries a harmonica with him.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he had to do.
Tom told me that I didn't have to do that.
Tom told Mary what he had to do.
Tom and Mary are perfect for each other.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom wanted to go back to school.
Tom and Mary didn't speak to each other.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom wanted to do that as soon as possible.
Tom was kicked out of the party.
Tom and Mary never argue about anything.
Tom probably knows more about the incident than he told us.
Tom was the first one to say he'd do that.
Tom was lying to you about that.
Tom and Mary often go shopping together.
The only song Tom has ever written was the one he just sang.
Tom was scared to go by himself.
Tom and Mary spent the day at the beach.
Tom and Mary spent the evening talking about their children.
Tom will do that the same way we did that.
Tom was starting to feel guilty.
Tom and Mary tried to ignore each other.
Tom and Mary want to spend the rest of their lives together.
Tom will have to find some way to do that.
Tom was starting to feel hungry.
Tom apparently hasn't paid his rent yet.
Tom had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom will never allow you to do that again.
Tom was starting to feel sleepy.
Tom asked Mary to let him drive her car.
Tom laughed at Mary's jokes, even though they weren't funny.
Tom will very unlikely ever do that again.
Tom was with me the entire time.
Tom carries a gun with him all the time.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend Valentine's Day with each other.
Tom would be disappointed if you did that.
Tom will eventually be arrested.
Tom carries a gun with him at all times.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
What makes you think Tom couldn't do that?
Tom won't let you guys help him.
Tom didn't think Mary would talk to him.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
What makes you think Tom needs to do that?
What Tom did was very dangerous.
Tom doesn't like reading romance novels.
Tom and Mary were talking about John and Alice's relationship.
What makes you think Tom wants to do that?
What did Tom do over the summer?
Tom doesn't sound like a native speaker.
Tom didn't realize Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
What makes you think Tom wouldn't do that?
What time did Tom want to leave?
Tom drives a truck for a moving company.
Tom knew Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Whatever you do, don't ask Tom to do that.
What was Tom doing at that time?
Tom forgot his driver's license at home.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
When do you think Tom is going to do that?
When is Tom supposed to be here?
Tom has been involved in a bad accident.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he needed to do.
When does Tom want me to help him do that?
When would Tom like to go there?
Tom has been living with us for a while.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he wanted to do.
Why would Tom ask Mary to do that for him?
Who does Tom think will help us?
Tom has decided not to become a teacher.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Why would you do that without telling Tom?
Will Tom be here this afternoon?
Tom has found an easy way to make money.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money so he could go to Boston.
Would you please teach Tom how to do that?
Would Tom have done it that way?
Tom hired a babysitter for his children.
Tom pawned the pocket watch he had gotten from his grandfather.
Would you tell Tom why you didn't do that?
You really should tell Tom that.
Tom is a teacher at a local high school.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what he had to do.
Do you think Tom would care if we did that?
You really should've helped Tom.
Tom is holding a knife in his left hand.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
I don't think Tom is old enough to do that.
Do you think we'll ever find Tom?
Tom is preparing for an important event.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
I doubt if Tom would be willing to do that.
Everybody had a problem with Tom.
Tom is the French teacher at our school.
I don't know where Tom is planning to spend his summer vacation.
I know Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
Everybody has a problem with Tom.
Tom is the person to talk to about that.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
I really should've told Tom not to do that.
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.
Tom is very likely to be arrested today.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
I should've told Tom why he had to do that.
I don't remember where Tom lives.
Tom isn't likely to be busy after lunch.
Tom gave Mary everything he had, but she still wasn't satisfied.
I think Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom enjoys bowling.
Tom isn't very good at playing baseball.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
I think Tom isn't going to do that, either.
I don't think Tom likes baseball.
Tom just told me he was getting married.
Tom didn't have enough time to do everything that had to be done.
I thought I heard Tom was going to do that.
I don't think Tom likes swimming.
Tom just told me what needed to be done.
Tom has been babysitting our children whenever we're out of town.
I thought that Tom was planning to do that.
I haven't seen Tom since October.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't really scared.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
I thought that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I should've given Tom more money.
Tom knew that he was in serious trouble.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
I was the one who convinced Tom to do that.
I think I know what Tom would do.
Tom must've forgotten to tell Mary that.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I wonder why Tom thought we should do that.
I think Tom looks like a teacher.
Tom put the stolen money in his gym bag.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I wonder why Tom told me we had to do that.
I think it was Tom who said that.
Tom realized there was a lot left to do.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
If Tom doesn't want me to do that, I won't.
I think it was Tom who told Mary.
Tom said he wasn't ready to go home yet.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
There's only one way Tom will ever do that.
I thought that Tom might be busy.
Tom should tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom already knows that Mary didn't do that.
I thought that Tom might be sick.
Tom should've been a little more polite.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom already knows that Mary has to do that.
I thought that Tom wasn't guilty.
Tom should've told Mary why he was late.
Tom helped Mary get into to the car and drove her to the hospital.
Tom didn't have enough strength to do that.
I used to think Tom was handsome.
Tom should've told me about that sooner.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
Tom didn't think Mary would really do that.
I was waiting for Tom to help me.
Tom still hasn't paid last month's rent.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what he needed to do.
Tom informed Mary that he couldn't do that.
I'd like to know where Tom lives.
Tom still needs to tell Mary what to do.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what he wanted to do.
Tom is better able to do that than Mary is.
I'm sure Tom will recognize Mary.
Tom talked to Mary just about every day.
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom is going to be angry if Mary does that.
Is it true that Tom is in prison?
Tom thought Mary's plan was pretty good.
Tom fell in love with Mary and they got married three months later.
Tom is going to be upset if Mary does that.
That's not what Tom wanted to do.
Tom told Mary why John doesn't like her.
Tom knew Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Tom is going to have to do that by himself.
The Police are searching for Tom.
Tom usually sleeps with his window open.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
Tom is never going to learn how to do that.
The police searched Tom's locker.
Tom usually sleeps with the window open.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom isn't actually going to do that, is he?
Tom and Mary are always together.
Tom was at the party until the very end.
Tom shared an apartment with John in Boston when they were students.
Tom isn't going to have to do that himself.
Tom and Mary both know the truth.
Tom was the one who organized the party.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom isn't old enough to do that by himself.
Tom arrived thirty minutes early.
Tom was the one who taught me that song.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
Tom isn't old enough to do that on his own.
Tom asked me if I heard anything.
Tom was trying to figure out what to do.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that, is he?
Tom bought this property in 2013.
Tom will do whatever you tell him to do.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
Tom knew he didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom called Mary some nasty names.
Tom wished he could go outside and play.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom knew there was no way he could do that.
Tom can't even remember his name.
Tom's sunglasses are still on the table.
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom needs to do that before Mary gets here.
Tom couldn't apologize in French.
Tom's teacher says he's a model student.
Tom should've laughed at Mary's jokes, even though they weren't funny.
Tom realized Mary had to help John do that.
Tom couldn't get the drawer open.
We have to tell Tom about what happened.
The only concert Tom has ever gone to was the one Mary gave last night.
Tom said he'd never try to do that at home.
Tom couldn't get the window open.
What makes you think Tom won't be there?
Tom found out that Mary wasn't doing what she was supposed to be doing.
Tom said he'd rather not do that right now.
Tom couldn't take his gloves off.
When Tom told that joke, nobody laughed.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom says he's always dreamed of doing that.
Tom didn't ask Mary for anything.
Where do you think Tom is going to live?
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
Tom says he's not interested in doing that.
Tom didn't know Mary was unhappy.
Where does Tom want to hang the picture?
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
Tom seemed to be in a big hurry to do that.
Tom didn't know how to help Mary.
Who did Tom think was going to meet him?
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom was expecting Mary to help him do that.
Tom didn't let Mary in the house.
Who does Tom think is going to be there?
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom was the one who told me how to do that.
Tom didn't tell me what happened.
Who does Tom think is going to help him?
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom will do that only if Mary tells him to.
Tom doesn't know everyone's name.
Why would Tom ever want to go to Boston?
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
Tom will never allow Mary to do that again.
Tom doesn't know much about Mary.
How could Tom not know what was going on?
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom will never forgive Mary for doing that.
Tom forgot all about the meeting.
I don't think Tom would like living here.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom will probably find some way to do that.
Tom gave Mary a birthday present.
I don't think Tom would mind helping you.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
Tom will probably get hurt if he does that.
Tom had a bad feeling about that.
I don't think that what Tom said is true.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom will try to find out why Mary did that.
Tom has been complaining of pain.
I hope Tom did what Mary asked him to do.
Tom put the stolen money in a shoe box and hid it in the back of his closet.
Was it really necessary for Tom to do that?
Tom has been in his room all day.
I think Tom isn't going to be here today.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
What makes you think Tom enjoys doing that?
Tom has been studying journalism.
I thought that Tom might be angry at you.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
What time did Tom say he wanted to do that?
Tom has finally found a good job.
I thought that was what Tom wanted to do.
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
What would you think if Tom didn't do that?
Tom has his work cut out for him.
I'm pretty sure Tom has been here before.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Where do you think Tom is going to do that?
Tom has just escaped from prison.
I've just been on the phone with the Tom.
Tom and Mary spent three hours together last night working on their science project.
Why does Tom want to waste time doing that?
Tom has read both of these books.
The only thing Tom ever did was watch TV.
Why in the world would Tom want to do that?
Tom is an overprotective brother.
The only thing Tom ever does is complain.
Why should Tom ask Mary to do that for him?
Tom is considered a good teacher.
This is the place where Tom usually eats.
Why would Tom need Mary to do that for him?
Tom is getting weaker and weaker.
Tom and Mary are dancing with each other.
Would you tell Tom why Mary didn't do that?
Tom is living from hand to mouth.
Tom and Mary sat together at the counter.
Do you think Tom will be allowed to do that?
Tom is looking for his cellphone.
Tom burned everything Mary had given him.
Do you think Tom will be doing that all day?
Tom is reading a detective novel.
Tom called Mary at 2:30 in the afternoon.
Haven't you asked Tom why he didn't do that?
Tom is the one who mows the lawn.
Tom could hear Mary talking on her phone.
I didn't know that Tom was going to do that.
Tom is unlikely to be here today.
Tom did something that he shouldn't have.
I don't know if Tom wants to do that or not.
Tom isn't as fast as he once was.
Tom didn't give the police his real name.
I don't think Tom could get Mary to do that.
Tom isn't easy to get along with.
Tom didn't know Mary was waiting for him.
I don't think Tom has ever done that before.
Tom jumped out of the moving car.
Tom didn't know he was likely to be late.
I don't think Tom will ever stop doing that.
Tom just kept screaming for help.
Tom didn't know that was going to happen.
I had no idea that Tom was going to do that.
Tom knew Mary had a lot of money.
Tom didn't know what was about to happen.
I think Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom knew he was no longer needed.
Tom didn't realize Mary had to help John.
I think Tom is planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom knew there was only one exit.
Tom didn't realize he was being followed.
I think Tom may be able to do that for Mary.
Tom knew things that Mary didn't.
Tom didn't tell the police his real name.
I think it was Tom who told Mary to do that.
Tom knocked on Mary's car window.
Tom didn't yet know what he needed to do.
I thought that Tom wasn't likely to do that.
Tom never asks Mary for anything.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go hang gliding.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to do that.
Tom put his wedding ring back on.
Tom gave me a notebook with a blue cover.
I wonder how many people saw Tom doing that.
Tom realized he had to help Mary.
Tom gave the robbers what they asked for.
I wonder why Tom suggested we do that today.
Tom really should be in his room.
Tom had no idea that he was being conned.
I'm not sure whether Tom can do that or not.
Tom really should tell Mary that.
Tom had no idea what he should tell Mary.
I'm sure Tom will think of a way to do that.
Tom really should've helped Mary.
Tom has been lying to us this whole time.
If you tell Tom how to do that, he'll do it.
Tom saw Mary lying on the ground.
Tom has been to Boston a couple of times.
Maybe we should do that after Tom gets here.
Tom should tell Mary what he did.
Tom has gone to Boston a couple of times.
Tom already knows why Mary wants to do that.
Tom studied journalism in Boston.
Tom has made some bad decisions recently.
Tom and Mary are always doing that together.
Tom studies journalism in Boston.
Tom has never told me anything about you.
Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom thought Mary was John's wife.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since they broke up.
Tom didn't know he had to help Mary do that.
Tom threw the gun out the window.
Tom heard about the kidnapping from Mary.
Tom didn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
Tom told Mary what she had to do.
Tom in out on the porch, talking to Mary.
Tom has found an interesting way to do that.
Tom tried jumping over the ditch.
Tom invited some friends over for dinner.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than I am.
Tom tried to jump over the ditch.
Tom is on the balcony, talking with Mary.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than Mary.
Tom was hoping that would happen.
Tom is the one who takes out the garbage.
Tom is going to ask Mary if she can do that.
Tom was scared to go in the cave.
Tom is wearing the blue cap you gave him.
Tom is never going to find out who did that.
Tom was talking on the telephone.
Tom isn't going to come back and help us.
Tom probably forgot to tell Mary to do that.
Tom was the one who planned this.
Tom isn't going to come back to get Mary.
I thought Tom was going to help Mary do that.
Tom wasn't dressed appropriately.
Tom isn't very good at playing the piano.
I wanted to tell Tom that I couldn't do that.
Tom went back to the post office.
Tom knew Mary didn't have a lot of money.
I wanted to tell Tom that I wouldn't do that.
Tom went back to the supermarket.
Tom knew Mary was going to be mad at him.
Tom already knows that Mary needs to do that.
Tom will never hurt anyone again.
Tom knew he no longer needed to be there.
Tom already knows that Mary wants to do that.
Tom wished he had more free time.
Tom knew that he was unlikely to be late.
Tom said he needed a special tool to do that.
Tom woke up a little after I did.
Tom never thought Mary would talk to him.
Tom said he remembers asking Mary to do that.
What time does Tom eat breakfast?
Tom probably went to bed before midnight.
Tom should tell Mary that she has to do that.
What was Tom doing all last week?
Tom realized Mary wasn't having much fun.
Tom told me where he was planning to do that.
When does Tom want to go fishing?
Tom realized he didn't have enough money.
Tom wasn't the one who did that. It was Mary.
Where does Tom want to go skiing?
Tom realized he didn't love Mary anymore.
Tom will do that later when he's not so busy.
Who did Tom plan to ask for help?
Tom really should've stayed where he was.
Tom will help you do that if you want him to.
Who did Tom plan to give that to?
Tom said some terrible things about Mary.
Tom will never be able to do that by himself.
Who gave Tom permission to leave?
Tom saw Mary hitting one of her children.
Tom will try to convince Mary not to do that.
Who taught Tom how to bake bread?
Tom sent Mary over three hundred letters.
Tom will try to persuade Mary not to do that.
You really should be helping Tom.
Tom should be getting ready for his trip.
What Tom and I did that day was unforgivable.
I didn't believe what Tom told me.
Tom should tell Mary what he needs to do.
What makes you think Tom has never done that?
I didn't know that Tom hated Mary.
Tom should've been a little more patient.
Why did Tom think doing that was a good idea?
I didn't realize how rich Tom was.
Tom should've told Mary what he had done.
Why should Tom do that if he doesn't have to?
I don't know any of Tom's friends.
Tom should've told me about that earlier.
I don't know where Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom enjoys swimming.
Tom still doesn't know what he has to do.
I don't think Tom would be willing to do that.
I know what Tom is planning to do.
Tom still has to talk to Mary about that.
I should've told Tom why he needed to do that.
I think I know what Tom would say.
Tom thought Mary's plan wasn't very good.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I think Tom could do a better job.
Tom thought that he was going to be busy.
I think Tom may not be able to do that for us.
I think Tom is having a good time.
Tom wanted to know who Mary's father was.
I think Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I think Tom knows what's at stake.
Tom was going to talk to Mary about that.
I think Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
I think Tom really would enjoy it.
Tom was sitting at the counter all alone.
I think it was Tom who volunteered to do that.
I think Tom was in love with Mary.
Tom was sitting on a log, playing guitar.
I think that's why Tom didn't want to do that.
I think Tom was telling the truth.
Tom was the first one to enter the house.
I think we should tell Tom to stop doing that.
I think that really surprised Tom.
Tom was the first one to leave the house.
I wonder why Tom thought we needed to do that.
I thought Tom was already married.
Tom was the one who told Mary about that.
I wonder why Tom told me we needed to do that.
I thought that Tom might be angry.
Tom wasn't able to see Mary in the crowd.
I'm sure Tom will be happy to do that for you.
I thought that Tom might be fired.
Tom will try to convince you to help him.
The way Tom suggested we do that is dangerous.
I thought that Tom might be right.
Too bad Tom wasn't here to help us today.
This is the place where Tom usually does that.
I thought that Tom might be upset.
What Tom told us the other day was wrong.
Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I thought that Tom might be wrong.
What kind of books does Tom like to read?
Tom and Mary were the first people to do that.
I thought you knew Tom was coming.
What time did Tom say he wanted to leave?
Tom didn't ask Mary for permission to do that.
I told Tom to buy the cheaper one.
When did Tom teach you to play that song?
Tom didn't know Mary had to help John do that.
I try to visit Tom whenever I can.
When do you think Tom is going to arrive?
Tom is going to try to do that this afternoon.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't be busy.
When was the last time Tom was in Boston?
Tom is in the process of doing that right now.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't be here.
Who does Tom think is going to like that?
Tom isn't doing that the way I told him to.
I'd like to know why Tom hit Mary.
Who does Tom want to go to the prom with?
Tom isn't going to be angry if Mary does that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't lie to Mary.
Aren't you still going to go out with Tom?
Tom isn't going to be upset if Mary does that.
I'm waiting for Tom to talk to me.
Don't you want to hear about what Tom did?
Tom isn't going to have to do that by himself.
No one knows exactly where Tom is.
I have no idea what Tom is planning to do.
Tom said he'd never try to do that by himself.
Tell Tom that I'm going with Mary.
I hope Tom likes the present I bought him.
Tom said he'd never try to do that on his own.
That's all Tom really wants to do.
I think Tom knows who lives in that house.
Tom should ask Mary for permission to do that.
The only person Tom likes is Mary.
I think it was Tom who told Mary to leave.
Tom should've given Mary more time to do that.
Tom allowed Mary to drive his car.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't helping us.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to do that.
Tom always carries a gun with him.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't here today.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but couldn't.
Tom and Mary often study together.
The messages were from Tom, not from Mary.
Tom will ask Mary to do that for us, won't he?
Tom and Mary wanted a fresh start.
The only girl Tom has ever kissed is Mary.
Tom will be mad at you if you keep doing that.
Tom and Mary were able to help me.
The only person Tom ever talks to is Mary.
Tom will do that first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary were always together.
There are a lot of things Tom likes to do.
Tom will eventually figure out how to do that.
Tom asked Mary to leave him alone.
Tom already knows what Mary intends to do.
Tom will have plenty of time to do that later.
Tom bought some lipstick for Mary.
Tom and Mary talked about getting married.
Tom will help Mary do that if she asks him to.
Tom didn't even apologize to Mary.
Tom and Mary text each other all the time.
Tom will learn how to do that sooner or later.
Tom didn't have friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary were dancing with each other.
What makes you think Tom has to do that today?
Tom didn't know that would happen.
Tom asked us where we were planning to go.
What makes you think Tom hasn't done that yet?
Tom didn't know what he had to do.
Tom asked us which museums we had visited.
What makes you think Tom will want to do that?
Tom didn't know what the solution was.
Tom bought a thirty dollar bottle of wine.
When did Tom tell you that you had to do that?
Tom didn't know where Mary worked.
Tom claims he's never even talked to Mary.
Why did you do that without telling Tom first?
Tom didn't know who to give it to.
Tom didn't know that Mary had a boyfriend.
Without Tom's help, I couldn't have done that.
Tom didn't let Mary drive his car.
Tom didn't know what Mary was going to do.
Are you convinced Tom was the one who did that?
Tom didn't want anyone to see him.
Tom didn't know who Mary's ex-husband was.
Do you think anyone would care if Tom did that?
Tom didn't want to go back Boston.
Tom didn't know who was going to be there.
Have you ever asked Tom why he doesn't do that?
Tom doesn't take a bath every day.
Tom didn't know who was going to help him.
How did you find out that Tom couldn't do that?
Tom doesn't want Mary to buy that.
Tom didn't think that was going to happen.
How did you find out that Tom likes doing that?
Tom finally agreed to work for us.
Tom doesn't get along with his classmates.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom got busted for stealing a car.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy that.
I don't think Tom is old enough to do that yet.
Tom had a problem at school today.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is going to do.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to do that.
Tom had good reason to be jealous.
Tom doesn't like playing tennis with Mary.
I had no idea that Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom had no idea what he should do.
Tom forgot to do what Mary told him to do.
I thought Tom might be interested in doing that.
Tom had to go to Boston last week.
Tom found Mary's umbrella behind the sofa.
I thought I heard Tom was the one who did that.
Tom had to pay his rent yesterday.
Tom gave Mary all the money she asked for.
I was the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
Tom has a knife in his right hand.
Tom gave Mary some money to buy groceries.
I wonder if you could talk Tom into doing that.
Tom has asked us to bring a salad.
Tom gave the robbers all the money he had.
I wonder why Tom suggested I do that by myself.
Tom has been crying all afternoon.
Tom goes to church with Mary every Sunday.
I wonder why Tom suggested we do that together.
Tom has been in contact with Mary.
Tom had no idea that he was being cheated.
I'm pretty sure Tom has never done that before.
Tom has made several bad mistakes.
Tom had no idea that he was being lied to.
I'm sure Tom will never let Mary do that again.
Tom has to finish what he's doing.
Tom has done everything he was told to do.
Tell Tom that I'm not interested in doing that.
Tom is a French teacher in Boston.
Tom has done everything we told him to do.
Tom didn't know he no longer needed to do that.
Tom is also one of Mary's friends.
Tom has gotten a lot of letters from Mary.
Tom didn't realize he had to help Mary do that.
Tom is getting ready for his trip.
Tom hasn't been doing very well in school.
Tom didn't think Mary was the one who did that.
Tom is going to come live with us.
Tom is going to come back to pick Mary up.
Tom has been doing that ever since he got home.
Tom is going to like what you did.
Tom is going to like what you did for him.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is going to take tomorrow off.
Tom is now talking to one of his teachers.
Tom is going to be mad if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom is one of Mary's friends, too.
Tom is the one to blame for what happened.
Tom is the one who's going to help you do that.
Tom is still doing the same thing.
Tom is waiting for you in the parking lot.
Tom is the only one who didn't want to do that.
Tom is the only one who has a key.
Tom isn't very good at playing basketball.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to want to do that.
Tom is waiting in the parking lot.
Tom knew he no longer needed to help Mary.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom is wearing a black coat today.
Tom knew it was Mary knocking on his door.
Tom knew he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom isn't going to leave tomorrow.
Tom knew that he was going to be arrested.
Tom realized he didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom isn't going to see Mary again.
Tom knew that he was going to be punished.
Tom realized there was no way he could do that.
Tom isn't likely to be here today.
Tom knew that he wasn't likely to be late.
Tom said I shouldn't do that until he got back.
Tom isn't very good at basketball.
Tom met a few of Mary's friends yesterday.
Tom said he'd prefer that you not do that here.
Tom just told me what I had to do.
Tom only went to college for three months.
Tom said that he didn't really have to do that.
Tom knew he was likely to be late.
Tom really should've given Mary more help.
Tom said that he didn't really like doing that.
Tom knew that Mary was mad at him.
Tom really should've given Mary more time.
Tom said that he didn't really need to do that.
Tom knew that was going to happen.
Tom said he would talk to Mary about that.
Tom said that he didn't really want to do that.
Tom left his cellphone in his car.
Tom said he's driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
Tom made a birthday cake for Mary.
Tom should be getting ready for the party.
Tom should tell Mary that she ought to do that.
Tom made us all feel very special.
Tom should tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom should've told Mary why she had to do that.
Tom never asked Mary for anything.
Tom should've studied harder for the test.
Tom told Mary why it was a bad idea to do that.
Tom really should be helping Mary.
Tom still has things that need to be done.
Tom will never be able to do that without help.
Tom said he remembers being there.
Tom still wants to be part of Mary's life.
What makes you think Tom will enjoy doing that?
Tom said he wasn't having any fun.
Tom wanted to see who Mary was talking to.
What makes you think Tom won't want to do that?
Tom saw Mary studying at her desk.
Tom was dead when the ambulance got there.
What makes you think Tom would want to do that?
Tom says he saw something strange.
Tom was embarrassed that he'd been conned.
Who did Tom think was going to do that for him?
Tom sent a Christmas card to Mary.
Tom was embarrassed that he'd been fooled.
Why did Tom think it was a bad idea to do that?
Tom should've stayed where he was.
Tom was expecting Mary to come by herself.
Why would Tom insist that Mary do that for him?
Tom soon realized he wasn't alone.
Tom was holding a knife in his right hand.
Without Tom's help, we couldn't have done that.
Tom swore he'd never hit me again.
Tom was sitting at the counter by himself.
You should ask Tom to teach you how to do that.
Tom threw the gun into a dumpster.
Tom wasn't able to fix his car by himself.
Do you think Tom would care if I didn't do that?
Tom told me the gun wasn't loaded.
Tom will try to convince Mary to help him.
Have you ever asked Tom why he likes doing that?
Tom took Mary's car keys from her.
Tom's problems began as soon as Mary left.
How did you find out that Tom enjoys doing that?
Tom took off, leaving Mary behind.
Tom's problems began soon after Mary left.
How did you find out that Tom wanted to do that?
Tom walked his dogs every morning.
What makes you think Tom isn't a Canadian?
I don't think Tom would mind doing that for you.
Tom wanted to go outside and play.
What makes you think Tom isn't happy here?
I don't think Tom would mind it if you did that.
Tom was Mary's college sweetheart.
What time did Tom say he wanted to arrive?
I doubt Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
Tom was arrested without incident.
What time does Tom usually leave for work?
I think Tom isn't going to do that anytime soon.
Tom was definitely not in a hurry.
Do you think Tom will ever come here again?
I thought that Tom was going to like doing that.
Tom was definitely not very happy.
Do you think Tom would've done it that way?
I thought that Tom was going to want to do that.
Tom was excited to see Mary again.
I don't know who any of Tom's teachers are.
I thought that Tom was interested in doing that.
Tom was the first one to see Mary.
I don't think you should go there with Tom.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't going to do that.
We have to tell Tom what happened.
I don't want to be in the same room as Tom.
I'm quite certain Tom didn't do that on purpose.
When Tom kissed Mary, she slapped him.
I think Tom and Mary don't know each other.
Tom is already big enough to do that by himself.
When does Tom expect us to arrive?
I think Tom would rather be playing tennis.
Tom is the one who's going to help Mary do that.
When does Tom want me to be there?
I thought I heard Tom was going to be here.
Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
When is Tom going to go to Boston?
I thought I was going to see Tom yesterday.
Tom knew he wasn't likely to be able to do that.
When is Tom planning to come over?
I thought Tom was going to Boston with you.
Tom needs to ask Mary for permission to do that.
Everything Tom did made Mary angry.
No one knows exactly where Tom wants to go.
Tom ought to ask Mary for permission to do that.
I could smell beer on Tom's breath.
Someone must've told Tom, but it wasn't me.
Tom said he hoped he never had to do that again.
I haven't seen Tom since Christmas.
The last time I saw Tom was Monday morning.
Tom said he wasn't in the mood to do that today.
I hope Tom doesn't lose his temper.
The only place Tom has ever gone is Boston.
Tom said that he didn't really enjoy doing that.
I just got a text message from Tom.
Tom Jackson was considered a great teacher.
Tom should tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I met Tom in the library yesterday.
Tom already knows what Mary is going to do.
Tom would be disappointed if you didn't do that.
I really should've helped Tom more.
Tom and Mary are talking about their plans.
What would've happened to Tom if he'd done that?
I saw Tom in the park that morning.
Tom and Mary arranged to meet in the lobby.
When did you find out that Tom couldn't do that?
I think I've convinced Tom to help.
Tom and Mary were finally completely alone.
Why did Tom think it was a good idea to do that?
I think Tom is going to get the ax.
Tom apparently hasn't told Mary what to do.
Why didn't you tell Tom you'd already done that?
I think Tom is probably right, too.
Tom asked his boss if he could leave early.
Why should Tom insist that Mary do that for him?
I think Tom knows where Mary lives.
Tom couldn't imagine his life without Mary.
Would you like me to ask Tom to do that for you?
I think Tom wanted to kill us both.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to be fired.
Would you tell Tom why we don't want to do that?
I think it was Tom who helped Mary.
Tom didn't know how to apologize in French.
Do you think Tom will ever make money doing that?
I think that I'm going to help Tom.
Tom drank three bottles of wine last night.
Do you think Tom would care if we didn't do that?
I think we should write Tom a note.
Tom felt really bad about what he had done.
Do you think Tom would mind if we didn't do that?
I thought Tom was going to help us.
Tom found three gold coins in his backyard.
Have you ever asked Tom why he enjoys doing that?
I thought that Tom might be hungry.
Tom had enough money to buy what he needed.
I think Tom might not want to do that by himself.
I was at Tom's yesterday afternoon.
Tom had enough money to buy what he wanted.
I thought Tom was going to be the one to do that.
I wish I could swim as well as Tom.
Tom had no idea that he was being impolite.
I thought that Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
I'm afraid Tom might not like this.
Tom hasn't done anything he was told to do.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to stop doing that.
If Tom asks me to help him, I will.
Tom hasn't done anything we told him to do.
Tom already knows that Mary wants him to do that.
Tell Tom that I'm waiting for Mary.
Tom hopped on his motorcycle and drove off.
Tom didn't realize Mary had to help John do that.
That's all Tom really wanted to do.
Tom is eating lunch with Mary on the porch.
Tom forgot to ask Mary for permission to do that.
The message was from Tom, not Mary.
Tom is having lunch with Mary on the porch.
Tom is going to be angry if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom agreed with Mary on everything.
Tom is wearing a strange-looking hat today.
Tom is going to be upset if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom already knows where Mary lives.
Tom knew something bad was about to happen.
Tom is going to learn how to do that, eventually.
Tom already knows where Mary works.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't going to be busy.
Tom is old enough to do that on his own, I think.
Tom and Mary are going to the mall.
Tom knew that he was unlikely to be chosen.
Tom isn't actually going to do that today, is he?
Tom and Mary wanted to get married.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to be chosen.
Tom isn't supposed to do that without permission.
Tom and Mary weren't alone anymore.
Tom left Boston a few days after Christmas.
Tom knew Mary wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom did everything he wanted to do.
Tom really should've given Mary more money.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom did his best to calm Mary down.
Tom said he needed to buy something to eat.
Tom said he remembers asking Mary not to do that.
Tom did something really bad today.
Tom said he wanted to bake a cake for Mary.
Tom said he wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom didn't expect a surprise party.
Tom said he wanted to buy something to eat.
Tom said he'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Tom didn't realize he had to leave.
Tom said he was starting to get very dizzy.
Tom said that he didn't really intend to do that.
Tom didn't think that would happen.
Tom said stuff about Mary that wasn't true.
Tom will do that for you if you ask him politely.
Tom didn't want anyone to hear him.
Tom should tell Mary what needs to be done.
What makes you think Tom doesn't have to do that?
Tom didn't want to leave the house.
Tom still doesn't know what has to be done.
What makes you think Tom doesn't need to do that?
Tom doesn't have a driver's permit.
Tom still doesn't know what he needs to do.
When did Tom tell you that you needed to do that?
Tom doesn't have friends in Boston.
Tom still hasn't talked to Mary about that.
When did you find out that Tom wanted to do that?
Tom doesn't know what Mary will do.
Tom threw some money into the busker's hat.
Why can't we just tell Tom that we can't do that?
Tom doesn't know what he has to do.
Tom wanted to divorce Mary and marry Alice.
Without Tom's help, Mary couldn't have done that.
Tom felt uncomfortable, so he left.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was talking to.
Would you tell Tom why you don't like doing that?
Tom had a copy made of his car key.
Tom was heading out of town when I saw him.
Would you tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Tom had a copy of his car key made.
Tom was hoping something good might happen.
Aren't you convinced Tom was the one who did that?
Tom had to go to Boston by himself.
Tom was there for Mary when she needed him.
How did you find out that Tom knew how to do that?
Tom has an over-active imagination.
Tom wasn't really paying attention to Mary.
I doubt Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist.
Tom will get in trouble if he doesn't do that.
I think I've convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom has been sleeping on the couch.
Tom will try to convince Mary not to leave.
I think Tom has never done that by himself before.
Tom has been stopping by every day.
Tom will try to persuade Mary not to leave.
I think Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
Tom has made several bad decisions.
Tom will try to persuade Mary to marry him.
I tried really hard to get Tom to quit doing that.
Tom hasn't left the house all week.
Tom wished Mary wouldn't be so mean to him.
I tried really hard to get Tom to stop doing that.
Tom hasn't read any of these books.
Tom's parents and his wife don't get along.
I wonder why Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
Tom hired someone to train his dog.
Try to look at it from Tom's point of view.
I wonder why Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
Tom invited Mary over to his place.
Was it really necessary for Tom to be here?
I'm not sure whether Tom knows how do that or not.
Tom is a Canadian living in Boston.
What Tom told us the other day wasn't true.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Tom is just getting ready to leave.
When Tom told me that, I didn't believe it.
Tom should've told Mary why she needed to do that.
Tom is still living on Park Street.
When do you think Tom is going to get here?
Tom told Mary that she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is still not very good at golf.
Who told Tom that he could use my umbrella?
Tom already knows that Mary is planning to do that.
Tom is the one who has the tickets.
You really should be helping Tom right now.
Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom isn't as busy as he used to be.
Don't you want to know what happened to Tom?
Tom hasn't told me where he is planning to do that.
Tom isn't as fast as he used to be.
How could Tom know that was going to happen?
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom just told me what we had to do.
How long does Tom expect us to wait for him?
Tom realized he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom knew Mary was going to be busy.
I don't think Tom has ever been here before.
Tom should've told Mary that she needed to do that.
Tom knew Mary was going to be late.
I don't think Tom has ever had a girlfriend.
Tom would be disappointed if he saw you doing that.
Tom knew he was in serious trouble.
I don't think Tom likes hanging out with us.
I should've told Tom why he was supposed to do that.
Tom knew his plan wasn't very good.
I had no idea that Tom was going to be here.
Tom realized he wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Tom knew that Mary was from Boston.
I have something I have to discuss with Tom.
I didn't think Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom knew that he was the prime suspect.
I think Tom is a lot better player than you.
I think there's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
Tom looked like he'd been drinking.
I think Tom is a lot better singer than you.
Tom realized Mary wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom lost the key to his hotel room.
I thought that Tom was interested in sports.
Tom really should've given Mary more time to do that.
Tom must've been happy to see Mary.
I thought that was what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom read every book in the library.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't be at the meeting.
Tom realized Mary wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Tom realized Mary had to help John.
I was waiting for Tom to tell me what to do.
Tom realized he wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom realized he was being followed.
I've done everything that Tom told me to do.
Tom should tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
Tom really should be in Boston now.
Last night, Tom went to bed before midnight.
I should've told Tom why he wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom said some nasty things to Mary.
Tell Tom that I'm not planning to stay long.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom sent Mary out to look for John.
The horse that won the race is owned by Tom.
Tom realized Mary wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom should tell Mary what happened.
The only person Tom knows in Boston is Mary.
I thought Tom was going to be the one who had to do that.
Tom should've given Mary more time.
There were a lot of things Tom wanted to do.
Tom didn't realize he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom should've told Mary everything.
Tom and I both enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom knew he was probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom started to feel sorry for Mary.
Tom and Mary always walk to school together.
Tom should've told Mary why it was a bad idea to do that.
Tom still has to pack his suitcase.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know each other.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to ask Mary to do that.
Tom talks to Mary almost every day.
Tom and Mary enjoyed their evening together.
I really should've told Tom why he was supposed to do that.
Tom thinks Mary has a lot of money.
Tom and Mary never did like each other much.
Tom didn't realize Mary wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom thought Mary was John's cousin.
Tom and Mary spent Valentine's Day together.
Tom knew Mary was probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom thought Mary was John's sister.
Tom and Mary were talking about the concert.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to tell Mary to do that.
Tom tied Mary's shoelaces together.
Tom and Mary were talking about their plans.
Tom should've told Mary that she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom told Mary what he needed to do.
Tom didn't know Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom realized he was probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom took Mary to Boston for a week.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to ask Mary not to do that.
Tom wanted to buy something to eat.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to go.
Tom realized Mary was probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom warned me not to be late again.
Tom didn't know who to give the envelope to.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom was asked to leave the meeting.
Tom didn't seem to care that Mary hated him.
Maybe you shouldn't do that with Tom.
Is Tom really any good at doing that?
Is Tom not supposed to be doing that?
If Tom does that, Mary will be happy.
If Tom does that, Mary will be angry.
I'm sure Tom will do that eventually.
I wonder why Tom suggested I do that.
I wonder why Tom insisted we do that.
I told Tom that he should do that.
I think Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I think Tom will never do that again.
I think Tom might do that by himself.
I think Tom might be able to do that.
I think Tom is going to do that, too.
I think Tom is going to do that soon.
I suspect Tom will do that next week.
I don't think Tom has ever done that.
I didn't know that Tom could do that.
Would Tom mind if we didn't do that?
Would Tom care if we didn't do that?
Will Tom ever make money doing that?
Why in the world didn't Tom do that?
Why doesn't Tom want to do that now?
Why does that matter so much to Tom?
I still can't speak French as well as I wish I could.
Why does Tom want to do that anyway?
I'm looking forward to spending some time in Boston.
Why does Tom want me not to do that?
Why does Tom always have to do that?
Why are you apologizing? You've done nothing wrong.
Why didn't you just let Tom do that?
Mary was wearing the dress her mother made for her.
Who told Tom to ask Mary to do that?
I thought you wouldn't be able to carry everything.
Who did Tom ask to help him do that?
I'm looking forward to spending some time with you.
When was the last time Tom did that?
I forgot to mail that letter you wanted me to mail.
When Tom does that, Mary gets angry.
I don't even know how to say "thank you" in French.
What gives Tom the right to do that?
Mary is wearing the dress her mother made for her.
Tom would never let Mary do that.
Tom would never allow me to do that.
Tom won't allow you guys to do that.
Tom will probably not do that today.
I had no idea there was a bank so near your house.
Tom will probably not do that again.
I don't understand how you can always be so happy.
Tom will likely never do that again.
Do you think things like that don't really matter?
Tom will likely do that later today.
You're the one who needs to go on a diet, not me.
Tom will help you do that, won't he?
Some people don't realize how fortunate they are.
Tom will have to do that on his own.
Mary is wearing the dress she bought yesterday.
Tom will have to do that by himself.
I would like to improve my French pronunciation.
Tom will do that your way next time.
I think we should speak to each other in French.
Tom will ask Mary to do that for us.
I still can't speak French as well as I want to.
Tom was unable to help Mary do that.
I still can't speak French as well as I need to.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he's not likely to do that.
I can't remember my kindergarten teacher's name.
Tom said he'd prefer not to do that.
Tom said he'd never let you do that.
We have some things that we need to talk about.
Tom said he'd never do that to Mary.
Maybe we should try doing this again next week.
Tom realized Mary shouldn't do that.
It's been three months since I moved to Boston.
Tom realized Mary needed to do that.
I'm sorry I didn't notice that you needed help.
Tom ought to do that somewhere else.
I'm assuming French isn't your native language.
Tom ought to do that someplace else.
I wish I could still swim as well as I used to.
Tom may get injured if he does that.
Tom just couldn't resist doing that.
I still don't understand what needs to be done.
Tom isn't supposed to do that today.
I still don't quite understand what's going on.
Tom isn't supposed to do that alone.
I still can't play guitar as well as I want to.
Tom isn't planning to do that again.
Tom isn't old enough to do that yet.
Tom isn't likely to stop doing that.
No one knows exactly when we need to be there.
Tom isn't likely to let you do that.
Mary was wearing her favorite dress yesterday.
Tom isn't going to start doing that.
Mary is the most beautiful girl I've ever met.
Tom isn't going to let Mary do that.
I'm sure the police will catch the kidnappers.
Tom isn't going to help you do that.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to help you yesterday.
Tom isn't going to do that tomorrow.
I'm assuming French isn't your first language.
Tom isn't going to do that for Mary.
I don't know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom is very committed to doing that.
When was the last time your changed your oil?
Tom is unlikely to start doing that.
When was the last time this room was cleaned?
Tom is unlikely to help you do that.
We have a problem that we need to talk about.
Tom is the only one who can do that.
Spending time with your family is important.
Tom is the one who does that for me.
I've done everything that you told me to do.
Tom is lucky nobody saw him do that.
I've done everything that needed to be done.
Tom is good at doing that, isn't he?
Tom is going to do that next summer.
I wish I could remember where I put my keys.
Tom has been doing that all morning.
Tom has asked us to do that for him.
I want to know what time you plan to arrive.
Tom gave Mary the option to do that.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I have the right to express my own opinions.
Tom didn't think Mary would do that.
Have you learned all your classmates' names?
Tom didn't know Mary should do that.
Why don't we all get together next weekend?
Tom didn't know Mary had to do that.
Tom apparently hasn't done that yet.
Can you do me a favor and mail this letter?
Tom and Mary often do that together.
You shouldn't sleep out here on the porch.
Tom already knows why Mary did that.
You said you wanted me to do that for you.
If Tom didn't do that, then who did?
You said you needed me to do that for you.
I wonder why Tom told me to do that.
Where's the person who helped you do this?
I wonder why Tom refused to do that.
I've done everything I was supposed to do.
I wonder why Tom insisted I do that.
I'm not Mary's brother. I'm her boyfriend.
I wonder where Tom plans to do that.
I'm afraid it's going to be crowded there.
I wonder where Tom hopes to do that.
I think I'm responsible for what happened.
I told Tom you'd be able to do that.
I still want to learn how to speak French.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that.
I still don't like watching horror movies.
I should've told Tom not to do that.
I can hardly find time to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom enjoys doing that.
How could I know that was going to happen?
Would you like to do that with Tom?
Tom is looking forward to going to Australia.
Tom told me about what he saw in Australia.
I think Tom is from Australia, but I'm not sure.
The first step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one.
Decisions are made by those who show up.
Don't put too much mustard on my sandwich.
Would Tom care if I didn't do that?
Did you always sleep with the window open?
Why would Tom need Mary to do that?
Are you going to be able to do that today?
Why would Tom ever want to do that?
All freshmen are required to study French.
Why should Tom ask Mary to do that?
A lot of people don't know how to do that.
Why doesn't Tom want me to do that?
You really should've done that last week.
Why does Tom never have to do that?
Why don't you just read the instructions?
Why does Tom have to do that today?
Who did you want to go to the party with?
Why didn't Tom ask Mary to do that?
Mary is wearing her favorite dress today.
Who told Tom that he could do that?
I'm partly responsible for what happened.
Who gave Tom permission to do that?
I'm not going to let my children do that.
When does Tom expect us to do that?
I'm going to build a house near the lake.
What makes you think Tom does that?
I'm getting so sick of having to do this.
What can Tom do that Mary can't do?
I want to know when you plan to get here.
Tom will probably do that tomorrow.
I think I'll go back to Boston next week.
Tom will only do that if he has to.
I still don't understand what's going on.
Tom will have to do that elsewhere.
I still don't know what needs to be done.
Tom will get fired if he does that.
I hope you're not planning on doing that.
Tom will do that only if he has to.
I haven't felt this happy in a long time.
Tom will do that if you pay him to.
I haven't felt like this for a long time.
Tom will do that as soon as he can.
I haven't been this happy in a long time.
Tom will definitely try to do that.
I don't think I'd like doing that at all.
Tom warned me not to do that again.
I did something I shouldnt have today.
Tom swore he'd never do that again.
We need to do that before it's too late.
Tom should've told Mary to do that.
Tom should be helping Mary do that.
Tom should be doing that right now.
I want to know when you plan to do that.
Tom said he'd rather do that alone.
Tom said he was willing to do that.
Tom said he couldn't do that again.
Tom prevented Mary from doing that.
Tom ought to have done that by now.
You said you didn't want me to do that.
Tom might get hurt if he does that.
Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
Tom isn't strong enough to do that.
Who did you want to do that with?
Tom isn't going to stop doing that.
Tom isn't going to do that, I hope.
We're going to be doing that next week.
Tom is unlikely to stop doing that.
We need to do that as soon as possible.
Tom is trying to do that right now.
Tom is supposed to do that himself.
Tom is likely to forget to do that.
Tom is going to do that right away.
Tom is doing that for the children.
Tom is confident Mary will do that.
Tom hasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom hasn't done that yet this year.
Tom didn't tell me why he did that.
Do you think you could stop doing that?
Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
You're not yet well enough to do that.
Tom did that when Mary wasn't here.
Tom decided to ask Mary to do that.
Tom decided never to do that again.
It's a combination of life being unpredictable, and you being super dumb.
You're not well enough yet to do that.
You're not well enough to do that yet.
Everybody seems to hate Tom.
Nobody seems to like Tom.
No one seems to like Tom.
Has Tom been around for long?
Has Tom been around today?
I should tell Tom what I did.
I should tell Tom what I bought.
I should tell Tom what you and I did together.
Should I tell Tom what you and I did together?
Should I tell Tom what I bought?
Should I tell Tom what I heard?
I'd still like Tom's approval.
I think it'd be better for Tom to stay here.
I think Tom should stay here.
I think Tom should stay here with us.
I think Tom to stay here and wait for Mary.
Tom apparently did that by himself.
We need to do that while we still can.
Tom and Mary will do that together.
These tickets didn't cost me anything.
Is it OK with you if Tom does that?
I think it's way too early to do that.
Is Tom going to do that by himself?
I still want to go to Boston with you.
If Tom wants me to do that, I will.
I still can't parallel park very well.
I wonder why Tom wanted to do that.
I know you probably wanted to do that.
I wonder why Tom enjoys doing that.
I hope you're not planning to do that.
I wonder when Tom wants to do that.
I haven't read any of these books yet.
I wonder when Tom plans to do that.
I did something I shoudn't have today.
I think Tom would enjoy doing that.
You're supposed to be doing that now.
I think Tom may be able to do that.
You don't seem to be having much fun.
I think Tom isn't going to do that.
You don't have to try to cheer me up.
I think Tom is too weak to do that.
Who taught you how to use chopsticks?
I never forgave Tom for doing that.
What time does your next class begin?
I hope Tom doesn't have to do that.
We need to do that as soon as we can.
I don't think Tom likes to do that.
We have a problem we need to discuss.
I don't think Tom likes doing that.
I'm sorry I couldn't do that for you.
I don't think Tom did that tonight.
I'll race you to the tree over there.
I apologized to Tom for doing that.
I think it's way too late to do that.
Do you think Tom will ever do that?
I don't want to stay here any longer.
You should be helping Tom do that.
How are things different from before?
Would you please help Tom do that?
Don't put any mustard on my sandwich.
Would anyone care if Tom did that?
Your father's coming to pick you up.
Would Tom really do that for Mary?
You said you didn't want to do that.
Would Tom like to do that instead?
Who did you ask to help you do that?
Will anyone care if Tom does that?
Maybe you shouldn't do that anymore.
Why would Tom ask Mary to do that?
I'm sorry I wasn't able to help you.
Why isn't Tom planning to do that?
I wish I had a job as good as yours.
Why is Tom planning on doing that?
I wish I had a car as good as yours.
Why does Tom want Mary to do that?
I was just trying to make you laugh.
Why didn't Tom do that by himself?
I want to know when you'll get here.
Why did Tom decide not to do that?
I want to know everything about you.
Who does Tom want to do that with?
I think we have a chance of winning.
Who does Tom think should do that?
I still want to ask a few questions.
Who does Tom plan to do that with?
I really wanted to do that with you.
Who does Tom need to do that with?
I may have been mistaken about that.
Who does Tom have to do that with?
Go ahead and do that if you want to.
When would Tom like us to do that?
Do you think that I'm over-reacting?
When would Tom like me to do that?
Are you going to be able to do that?
When did Tom teach you to do that?
Why aren't you wearing any clothes?
When did Tom have time to do that?
Some people don't enjoy doing that.
When Tom did that, people laughed.
Mary is wearing her favorite dress.
What would happen if Tom did that?
I'm sorry I didn't do that for you.
What time did Tom want to do that?
I still get up early every morning.
What does Tom want to do that for?
I must've been mistaken about that.
We asked Tom to do that last year.
I know you probably want some help.
Tom would never let me do that.
I know you probably need some help.
Tom won't have to do that himself.
I know you probably didn't do that.
Tom will teach you how to do that.
I don't want to sleep in this room.
Tom will show Mary how to do that.
I never really liked Tom very much.
I hope Tom can stay here all week.
I hope Tom can stay with us for a couple of weeks next summer.
I'm taking care of Tom this week.
I've asked Tom many times not to do that.
Let's go to the gym and see if Tom is there.
Perhaps it's Tom.
No one came to help Tom.
No one could find Tom.
Someone was in the car with Tom.
No one was in the car with Tom.
Nobody was in the car with Tom.
Tom handled that job.
Tom was the one who took care of that.
Tom was the one who did that job.
Tom was the one who handled that problem.
Tom handled that problem.
That's got to be Tom.
That's why Tom committed suicide.
That's why we think Tom committed suicide.
That's why Tom killed himself.
That's why we think Tom killed himself.
That might be the reason Tom committed suicide.
That may be the reason Tom committed suicide.
The ball is in your court.
There's not much we can do for Tom.
Tom hardly ever goes out after dark.
Tom came here in a taxi.
Tom got there in a taxi.
Tom said he'd come back later.
Tom plans to be here later.
Tom plans to come back later.
Tom can either be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Tom couldn't believe his bad luck.
Tom was having all kinds of bad luck.
I don't think I'd like that at all.
Tom will probably stop doing that.
I don't blame you for what you did.
Tom will make sure Mary does that.
How do you think we should do that?
Tom will find some way to do that.
Did you sleep with the window open?
Tom will do that when he has time.
You're a student here, aren't you?
Tom will do that just like before.
You stay here. I'll be right back.
Tom will certainly try to do that.
You said you wanted me to do that.
Tom was expecting Mary to do that.
You said you needed me to do that.
Tom wanted me to do that with him.
Why don't you have any clothes on?
Tom told me that I should do that.
Why don't we all do that together?
Tom told me that I had to do that.
Who made this guitar? Do you know?
Tom thought that he might do that.
Tom should've helped Mary do that.
What do you want to do after this?
Tom should do that somewhere else.
Some people don't like doing that.
Tom should do that someplace else.
Maybe you shouldn't do that again.
Tom should do that if he wants to.
I'm responsible for what happened.
Tom said he'd never do that again.
I'm lucky to have so many friends.
Tom said he'd be happy to do that.
I was starting to feel very dizzy.
Tom said he remembered doing that.
I want to know when you'll arrive.
Tom said I shouldn't do that here.
I want to know what happens there.
Tom realized he shouldn't do that.
I think I've told you that before.
Tom realized he needed to do that.
I still have a few more questions.
Tom never told me why he did that.
I read this book when I was a kid.
Tom likely just forgot to do that.
I haven't read any of these books.
Tom just taught me how to do that.
I don't want to be your assistant.
Tom isn't the only one doing that.
How do you think I should do that?
Tom isn't likely to do that again.
Call me when you arrive in Boston.
Tom isn't going to try to do that.
All freshmen have to study French.
Tom is trying his best to do that.
You need to learn how to do that.
Tom is the only one who does that.
What time does the concert begin?
Tom is going to help Mary do that.
What time do you think it is now?
Tom is going to do that this fall.
Maybe we shouldn't do that today.
Tom is fairly sure he can do that.
Maybe we shouldn't do that again.
Tom has refused to do that for us.
Is that all you're worried about?
Tom has finally agreed to do that.
I've been very worried about you.
Tom has decided to try doing that.
I'd like it if you stayed longer.
Tom has been helping Mary do that.
I would've never thought of that.
Tom didn't know he should do that.
I wish I could go back to Boston.
Tom didn't know he had to do that.
I still want to buy one of those.
Tom decided that he would do that.
I hope we don't lose again today.
Tom can do that better than I can.
I don't see what good that'll do.
Please ask Tom to stop doing that.
I did something really bad today.
Is it true that Tom can't do that?
I did something I shouldn't have.
Is Tom going to do that this week?
I came here to ask for your help.
If Tom asks me to do that, I will.
Could you help me move the table?
I'm pretty sure Tom has done that.
You should've done that earlier.
I'm not going to do that with Tom.
I'd like to know how Tom did that.
Why aren't you wearing anything?
I wonder why Tom wouldn't do that.
What time did the concert begin?
I wonder why Tom likes to do that.
That wasn't my decision to make.
I wonder why Tom likes doing that.
Tom deserved to be treated with respect.
Tom deserves to be treated with respect.
Tom should be treated with respect.
Mary bought several dresses.
No one knows exactly what to do.
I told Tom you'd enjoy doing that.
Maybe we shouldn't do this here.
I think Tom would want to do that.
Mary and Alice are like sisters.
I think Tom would like to do that.
I'm starting to feel very dizzy.
I think Tom would like doing that.
I think Tom is doing that as well.
I think Tom has already done that.
I know you didn't do that for Tom.
I can do that better than Tom can.
Do you think Tom wants to do that?
Do you think Tom needs to do that?
Would you really do that for Tom?
Would Tom really do that for you?
Why would Tom do that on purpose?
You said you wanted to do that.
Why should Tom help Mary do that?
Why in the world did Tom do that?
Why does Tom not want to do that?
Why does Tom need to do that now?
Why does Tom have to do that now?
Why do you always do that to Tom?
Why did you allow Tom to do that?
Who did Tom want to do that with?
Who did Tom plan to do that with?
Our son is planning to do that.
Who cares if Tom doesn't do that?
I've decided to try doing that.
When does Tom want me to do that?
When did Tom tell you to do that?
Tom wouldn't allow me to do that.
Tom will tell you how to do that.
Tom will soon be able to do that.
Doing that is going to be easy.
Tom will show you how to do that.
You said you needed more time.
Tom will probably try to do that.
You need to learn how to swim.
Tom will likely do that tomorrow.
You need to learn how to cook.
Tom will have to do that himself.
Maybe we should do this later.
Tom will have to do that as well.
It wasn't my decision to make.
Tom will do that sooner or later.
I'll never forget what we did.
Tom will do that some other time.
I'll do my best to assist you.
Tom will do that if you help him.
I do hope you're feeling well.
Tom will do that again, I'm sure.
You aren't a doctor, are you?
Tom will ask Mary not to do that.
Who did you play tennis with?
Tom was the first one to do that.
What time do you think it is?
Tom wanted to do that right away.
We need to do that this week.
Tom suggested that I not do that.
Those are yours, aren't they?
Tom stopped Mary from doing that.
These are yours, aren't they?
Tom said he'd never ever do that.
Mary and I were like sisters.
Tom said he'd be glad to do that.
Is French a required subject?
Tom said he remembers doing that.
I'm not ready to go home yet.
Tom realized Mary should do that.
I'm not about to give up now.
Tom realized Mary had to do that.
I was starting to feel dizzy.
I think it's time for dinner.
Tom may get hurt if he does that.
I still want to go to Boston.
Tom isn't going to do that again.
Tom didn't have a job last year.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy the movie very much.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy the party very much.
Tom didn't seem very happy today.
Tom didn't seem well today.
Tom didn't show up for his appointment.
Tom doesn't like spinach at all.
Tom doesn't like Boston at all.
Tom didn't like Boston at all.
Tom doesn't like Boston very much.
Tom doesn't like Mary at all.
Tom doesn't like to be laughed at.
Tom doesn't like to be stared at.
Tom doesn't like to be out late at night.
Tom drank a lot of beer last night.
Tom drank too much beer last night.
Tom drove all night to get here for today's meeting.
Tom enjoys his classes.
Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
Mary has flowers in her hair.
I still don't like your idea.
Tom is unlikely to do that again.
I know you probably did that.
Tom is the only one who did that.
I got these tickets for free.
Tom is supposed to do that today.
I ate everything on my plate.
Tom is supposed to do that alone.
Who did you visit in Boston?
Tom is still planning to do that.
Where did you get this info?
Tom is so cute when he does that.
These are ours, aren't they?
Tom is probably doing that wrong.
So, what're you looking for?
Tom is pretty good at doing that.
Of course, I didn't do that.
Tom is going to help you do that.
Maybe you shouldn't do that.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
Mary and I are like sisters.
Tom is going to do that properly.
I'm starting to feel sleepy.
Tom is going to do that for Mary.
I'm starting to feel guilty.
Tom is fairly good at doing that.
I'm glad you're our teacher.
Tom is certain Mary will do that.
I want to know what happens.
Tom had a good reason to do that.
I still live on Park Street.
Tom didn't want to do that today.
I came here to study French.
Tom decided to help Mary do that.
Why don't you grow a beard?
Neither Tom nor Mary can do that.
Where were you last summer?
I wonder why Tom doesn't do that.
Where did you get this car?
I was waiting for Tom to do that.
So, what're you looking at?
I told Tom you'd want to do that.
My toolbox is in the trunk.
I told Tom you'd love doing that.
Maybe we shouldn't do that.
I told Tom you'd like doing that.
Mary is a really cute girl.
I told Tom you'd hate doing that.
Is French a required class?
I thought that Tom could do that.
I've got to head back home.
I think Tom will do that as well.
I'm thinking of doing that.
I think Tom hasn't done that yet.
I'm starting to feel dizzy.
I think Tom has done that before.
I'm proud to be your coach.
I think Tom didn't do that right.
I would've never done that.
I think Tom did that incorrectly.
I won't sleep in this room.
I know that Tom wouldn't do that.
I think I'll do that later.
I don't want to do that with Tom.
I really wanted to do that.
Would Tom care if Mary did that?
I hear you're now a doctor.
Why doesn't Tom want to do that?
Why should we not do that?
Why doesn't Tom do that himself?
Why don't you do that now?
Why does Tom want me to do that?
Some people don't do that.
Why do you allow Tom to do that?
Maybe I shouldn't do that.
Who does Tom think will do that?
I've got to do that today.
When is Tom supposed to do that?
I'm looking for a way out.
When is Tom planning to do that?
I'm glad you're our coach.
When did Tom ask you to do that?
I'm glad you're my lawyer.
What can Tom do that Mary can't?
I'll come and pick you up.
Was Tom not supposed to do that?
I wasn't about to give up.
Tom will probably do that again.
I have no idea what it is.
Tom will get mad if you do that.
I had no idea what it was.
Tom will do that in the morning.
Don't you hate doing that?
Tom will do that if you pay him.
Could you wash the dishes?
Tom wasn't helping Mary do that.
Could you help me do this?
Tom was the last one to do that.
Why don't we all do that?
Tom wanted to do that with Mary.
Tom pretended not to hear what Mary and John were whispering.
Tom pretended not to hear what Mary and John were saying.
Who did you want to hire?
Tom wanted to do that last week.
Who did you ask for help?
Tom should've done that earlier.
Mary is my type of woman.
Tom knew Mary shouldn't do that.
Is something bugging you?
Tom knew Mary needed to do that.
I used to try to do that.
I think that's why Tom did that.
I think it's time to eat.
I should've told Tom to do that.
I may have been mistaken.
I should be helping Tom do that.
I forgot to feed the dog.
Tom realized he should do that.
Did you enjoy the picnic?
Tom realized he had to do that.
Who did you come to see?
Tom probably forgot to do that.
Where do I go from here?
Tom isn't helping Mary do that.
We need to do that soon.
Tom isn't doing that right now.
Those are mine, I think.
I was afraid Tom might do that.
Maybe we should do that.
I think Tom has done that once.
Mary is my type of girl.
I think Tom did that yesterday.
I've decided to do that.
I should've helped Tom do that.
I'm trying to slim down.
Tom said he needed to do that.
I was enjoying the view.
Tom really should do that now.
I wanted you to do that.
Tom knew he shouldn't do that.
I must've been mistaken.
Tom knew he needed to do that.
I have no need for this.
Tom decided to try doing that.
Maybe I should do that.
Perhaps Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom knew Mary should do that.
Tom knew Mary had to do that.
Tom dreamed about doing that.
I'm afraid Tom might do that.
Of course, I did that.
Tom told me why he did that.
Tom swore he didn't do that.
Tom is helping Mary do that.
Maybe Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom said he had to do that.
Tom knew he should do that.
Tom knew he had to do that.
Perhaps Tom should do that.
I think Tom did that wrong.
I think Tom did that right.
Tom really should do that.
We need to do that.
Tom dreamed of doing that.
I think Tom did that once.
I hope Tom didn't do that.
Tom is scared to do that.
Maybe Tom should do that.
Tom swore he'd do that.
Tom probably did that.
Let me join you.
Tom and I'll do that.
I just did that.
I hope Tom did that.
Are these ours?
Tom let me do that.
I thought Tom might ask Mary to do that.
I thought Tom might ask Mary to help him.
Tom thought Mary might like to do that.
Tom thought Mary might like to go to Boston with him.
Tom thought Mary might like to stay for a few days.
Tom had no one to turn to for advice.
Tom has lots of strange ideas.
Tom has a lot of weird ideas.
Tom has lots of weird ideas.
Tom has already made several new friends.
Tom has been drinking a lot recently.
Tom has finally finished doing what we asked him to do.
Tom has finally finished doing everything we asked him to do.
Tom has finally finished doing what we requested.
Tom hung out with his friends yesterday.
Tom never seems to get tired.
Tom never seems to get angry.
Tom is always causing problems.
Tom caused a lot of problems.
Tom isn't doing that the right way.
Tom isn't doing that the way he should be.
Tom isn't in prison anymore.
Tom isn't in jail anymore.
Tom is naive and very gullible.
Tom is still not completely satisfied.
Tom isn't as young as most people think he is.
Tom isn't as old as most people think he is.
Tom just kept talking.
Tom just kept singing.
Tom just kept eating.
Tom just kept silent.
Tom just kept running.
Tom kept his suspicions to himself.
There are some people who have all kinds of challenges for whatever reason or another.
Is it difficult to learn Mandarin?
I'm afraid of lightning.
Do not be afraid of the dog.
I'm afraid of mosquitoes.
I'm afraid of general anesthesia.
My grandmother has many sisters.
My sibling passed away yesterday.
Badajoz is a city in Spain.
Without dreams, what different are we from animals?
Anho is a city in Togo.
Am I afraid of death?
I bought a new phone.
I have a terrible fear of snakes.
I have a fear of dentists.
I am afraid of wasps.
Perissodactyls have an odd number of nails.
Artiodactyls have an even number of nails.
My legs hurt a lot.
My right elbow hurts a lot.
My throat really hurts when I swallow.
Is there a home remedy for dry throat?
A man's life is what his thoughts make of it.
The streets glow in the spring sun.
The largest continental lake in the world is the Caspian Sea.
Do you really want me to buy you that?
I saw how the students clean their classroom after the course.
His eyes stopped functioning due to old age.
Sami earned good money.
Sami and Layla were rather distant.
Sami was talking about divorce.
Sami was asleep on the living room sofa.
Sami was asleep on the couch.
Sami was unaware of that.
Sami was sleeping in the bedroom.
Sami immediately got out of bed.
Sami was injured in the eye.
The bullet missed Sami.
Sami lost his job again.
Sami had a troubled past.
Sami was diagnosed as a teenager with bipolar disorder.
Layla had a child from her ex-boyfriend.
Sami had two children from a previous marriage.
Sami was a tenacious person.
Layla was considered an unfit mother.
Layla took refuge at her parents' house.
Layla was a bad girl and Sami was a bad boy.
Layla was intent on protecting her daughter.
Sami went out drinking yesterday.
Layla wanted her daughter to stay with her.
Layla took her daughter shopping.
Sami had a job interview.
Sami can take care of himself now.
Layla was unaware that she was being stalked.
Layla asked Sami to kiss her.
Sami was looking for adventure.
Sami was killed at Christmas time.
Sami is gonna regret it.
Sami's problems started much earlier.
Sami was sitting in the backseat.
Sami was dating 19-year-old Layla.
Layla wanted to see what it was like to be a bad girl.
Sami always encouraged people to quit smoking.
Sami grew up in a blue-collar suburb.
Sami didn't like Layla at all.
Layla called Sami trash.
Layla remembers Sami.
This place is ginormous.
Layla was nearly always with her best friend, Salima.
Sami felt deeply indebted to Layla.
Sami missed another train.
Sami didn't have any place to live.
Sami felt a little bit superior to his friends.
Layla could get anybody to do anything for her.
Sami was in control.
Layla might do anything to please Sami.
Sami might do anything to please.
Sami has got hold of a gun.
Sami shot at a cat.
Sami shot a duck.
Sami wanted to learn how to shoot.
Sami wanted to know how it'd be like to shoot a real person.
Sami and Layla hung out at the local diner.
Sami didn't know what he wanted to do in his life.
Sami cut off Layla financially.
Sami envied Layla's lifestyle.
Sami and Layla played a card game.
Sami wasn't entirely sure.
Sami dealt the cards.
Sami wanted Layla out of the picture.
Sami hatched the perfect plan.
Sami hatched the perfect plan to murder Layla, or so he thought.
Sami wanted to have it all.
Sami entered the house.
Sami called the emergency services.
Sami provided DNA samples to the police.
Sami's hair was found at the scene of the crime.
Sami confessed and led the police to Layla.
Sami was arrested three days later.
Sami wanted to get rid of Layla.
Sami had a million-dollar life-insurance policy.
Here is a beautiful pair of verses by Maulana Rumi that contains a world of meaning in just a few words.
Sami needed to get rid of Layla.
Sami didn't want to share his inheritance with Layla.
Sami made Layla carry out the crime.
Sami was found guilty.
Sami helped kill his mother.
Sami was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.
Sami was convicted of capital murder.
Life in prison is a slow death.
Sami sees things very differently.
Sami is innocent of what he said he did.
Sami loves his parents.
There is not much more to say.
Layla shot Sami.
You're not being straight with us.
Sami has lied to us before.
Sami knew what was going on.
Sami was shot at close range.
Sami was lying face down.
Sami's gun was found in a well.
Sami is moving today.
Sami heard a shot.
Sami heard an awful blast.
Sami was too afraid to go into the room.
Sami was having problems at work.
Things were hard for Sami.
Sami and Layla had a happy relationship.
Sami liked to travel.
Sami went to live with Layla.
Sami really liked Layla.
Sami had a hard time holding down jobs.
Sami is moving again.
Layla got up early.
They scared you.
Does the president believe climate change is a hoax?
He was a tragic figure.
Treat them badly, and they will treat you badly.
Tom considered Maria to be the most beautiful mermaid he had ever seen.
They have owned this land for generations.
The Jacksons have owned this land for generations.
Tom's car has electric windows.
Tom's car has crank windows.
The Sun weighs about two nonillion kilograms.
The black hole is surrounded by a rotating disk of ionized gas.
The solar mass (M) is a standard astronomical unit of mass. It corresponds to the mass of the sun.
The architect made a mistake.
Isaac Newton was the first person to estimate the mass of the Sun.
You might regret saying that.
Tom does this for a living.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
When I speak of war, I speak of real war, not of a war of religion, no. There is war for interests, there is war for money, there is war for the resources of nature, there is war for the domination of peoples...
Treat people with respect, and they will treat you with respect.
All the old despots were demagogues; at least, they were demagogues whenever they were really trying to please or impress the demos. If they poured out beer for their vassals it was because both they and their vassals had a taste for beer. If (in some slightly different mood) they poured melted lead on their vassals, it was because both they and their vassals had a strong distaste for melted lead.
Sami was a little resentful because he worked so much.
Sami had a brand-new van.
Treat them with respect, and they will treat you with respect.
Treat them with kindness, and they will treat you with kindness.
Be kind to them, and they will be kind to you.
Be mean to them, and they will be mean to you.
Wrong them, and they will wrong you.
Harm them, and they will harm you.
Creationism is a lie.
Evolution is a lie.
Evolution isn't real.
The earth is only a few thousand years old.
The earth is not only a few thousand years old.
I imagine you must be very thirsty.
Do you want me to bring you a glass of water?
Do you want me to bring you some water?
I can bring you some water, if you like.
Young people nowadays have very short attention spans.
I imagine you must be starving.
Come sit by the fire.
This region suffers from high levels of air pollution.
Laws have been passed to reduce the high levels of pollution in the region.
Laws have been passed that restrict certain polluting activities.
Certain polluting activities have been banned.
Imagine how cleaner the air would be if there were no more cars.
Imagine how clean the air would be if all energy came from renewable sources.
We need cleaner sources of energy.
The pollution here is suffocating.
We need cleaner energy sources.
Tens of wind turbines have recently been built.
Enough solar panels have been installed to provide electricity to thousands of households.
The paint was full of lead.
At that moment, he snapped.
The trauma was too much for him, and suddenly, he snapped.
They refused to confess.
They refused to cooperate.
Sami was coming onto me.
Sami was coming onto me and I told him to stop it.
Tom and Mary just want to be left alone.
Who are your working for?
Who are your employees?
What are the criteria you use to weed out undesirable candidates?
Do you want to go to the museum?
Such attitudes cannot be tolerated in our society.
We will not tolerate such actions.
We must declare war on them.
We cannot let them escape.
We can't let them escape.
You won't escape.
You will not escape.
You will never escape.
You'll never escape.
My brother would like to have a word with you.
Cut off his hair.
Cut off her hair.
Am I bald?
I don't want to be bald.
Being bald's not so bad.
Being bald isn't so bad.
What's wrong with being bald?
I like being bald.
I need a new job.
I need a new hobby.
I need a hobby.
My comprehension of complex subjects like these is limited.
I'm not a smart person, but I surround myself with smart people.
Have you ever wanted to be rich?
Have you ever wanted to be able to spend more time with your family?
Have you ever wished you could spend more time with your family?
Have you ever wished you could go travelling?
Have you ever wanted to live in the Caribbean?
Have you ever wanted to live on an island?
Have you ever wanted to have a fancy car?
I don't have a fancy car.
My car isn't fancy, but it gets me from point A to point B.
Have you ever tried shaving your head?
Did you come all the way out here just to putz around or what?
I'm learning lots of languages.
I prefer learning multiple languages at the same time.
He has caused so much bloodshed.
These flowers are lovely.
I bought you some flowers.
Have you ever wanted to see if you could do that?
Take these flowers.
Take this suitcase.
Take this backpack.
Take this bag.
Run away, and don't look back.
Those birds sound lovely.
If you leave them alone, they'll leave you alone.
Leave them alone, and they'll leave you alone.
Be decent to people, and they'll be decent to you.
Be nice to people, and they'll be nice to you.
I like to think I'm a good person.
Be nice to them, and they'll be nice to you.
Mary told Tom to wash the smegma off his penis the next time he wanted a blowjob.
They want to rape our women.
They want to steal our jobs.
They want to steal our hard-earned taxpayer money.
They just want a better life for themselves and their families.
I don't work Sundays.
I am not a gullible person.
I'm not a gullible person.
The president dismisses damning investigative journalism by calling it fake news.
The presidential scandal inspired Tom to go into investigative journalism.
"I heard you're only doing this for the money, Mary." "Wow, brilliant investigative journalism, Tom!"
Effective public policy is not a simple matter of centralize or decentralize, subsidize or privatize, regulate or deregulate.
Did you come up with that all by yourselves? No wonder the people elected you to represent them.
If people do not get to keep the wealth they produce, it must be redistributed back to them.
Communists generally distinguish between personal property, such as toothbrushes or personal living space, and private property, such as vast swaths of land where buildings are rented out to workers so that the unproductive class can profit off their need for personal living space.
It's not easy to cut ties with a person you are emotionally invested in.
Tom unilaterally decided that he and Mary were in a relationship.
I don't want to play footsie with you, Tom.
Mary couldn't openly flirt with her girlfriend during the meeting, so she decided to play footsie with her under the table.
I am the victim of a widespread conspiracy meant to discredit me.
We are the victims of a widespread conspiracy meant to discredit us.
Tom believes Mary is trying to discredit him.
Mary believes Tom is trying to discredit her.
Mary believes Tom is subtly using her gender to discredit her.
I have a soft spot for musicians.
"You can't change your name to Tom; that's my name." "I didn't realize it was a registered trademark."
The scandal effectively ended Tom's career as a public servant, so he decided to become a political analyst.
The predominant belief since the dissolution of the Soviet Union has been that another world is not possible.
Humans are not the most evolved members of the animal kingdom; we are exactly as evolved as every other extant species.
I wouldn't categorize Tom that way.
LGBT rights don't damn us to hell; they bring heaven to Earth.
Maria's father made breakfast.
Don't be afraid that your sexual orientation will damn you. Hell doesn't exist.
My mother works in a big office.
Mary is her girlfriend's muse.
I dont know enough about it yet.
We cannot and must not pretend that things can continue as they are.
Sami was behind a computer screen.
Sami was exploring his fetishes.
Sami became more depraved.
Sami's baby was sleeping.
Sami went back to being the regular being.
Sami was in his room chatting.
Sami was chatting in the middle of the night.
Sami kidnapped dozens of women, cooked them and ate them.
Sami had a suspicious online activity.
Sami was only planning to do this.
Sami is one of the meanest and most cruel serial killers in the world.
Sami was known as the Cannibal Teacher.
Sami was a beast that needed to be controlled.
Sami killed and ate his wife.
Sami grew up in Brooklyn, New York.
Sami kicked Layla in the butt.
Sami didn't want to disappoint his dad.
Sami was in disbelief.
Sami did have a problem.
Sami saw a psychiatrist.
Sami wanted to see a therapist.
Sami went to the gym.
Sami fantisized on horrible thoughts.
Sami kidnapped something like a hundred women.
Sami was sitting in his apartment.
Sami's wife and baby were asleep in the next room.
Sami wore his police uniform.
Sami intended to do it.
Sami was going to do it.
Sami is going to do it unless something stops him.
Sami was sitting and waiting in the getaway car.
Sami knew how to make chloroform.
Sami stalked his victims.
Sami knew where the victim lived.
Sami drove to Cairo to meet Layla.
Sami was Farid's college friend.
Sami made a trip to Cairo with his wife and baby.
Sami was planning to kill somebody.
Sami drew nudes.
Sami cooked and roasted his victims, then ate them.
Sami had co-conspirators.
Sami had four co-conspirators.
Sami kidnapped women, tortured and killed them.
Sami killed, maimed, and raped women.
Sami made a list of what he needed.
Sami's fantasies were really scary.
Sami's stories were really scary.
Sami's basement was in fact a torture chamber.
Sami was guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping.
Sami was in shackles.
Sami went back to jail.
Sami heard a couple of students talking.
Sami never killed anyone.
Sami cut Layla's body up.
Sami committed a thought crime.
Sami doesn't love me.
Sami was reading a book online.
Sami was fascinated by stories about violence.
Sami imagined the worst thing possible.
Sami had a very dark side.
Sami has propensity for violence.
Sami worries me.
Sami used his privileges as an officer of the law to track women he wanted to date.
Sami didn't want to confront that fact.
Sami wasn't possessed by the devil.
Sami still has his police uniform.
Sami isn't going to wear this police uniform anymore.
Sami is sitting in jail.
Sami didn't want to leave.
Sami wanted to see Layla acquitted.
Sami didn't commit any crimes.
Sami made a very brief statement to the media.
Sami's support never waivered.
Sami's release was frontpage news.
Sami was looking for targets.
Sami saw Layla this morning.
Sami was finally acquitted.
Sami didn't want to go outside.
Sami didn't want to work outside.
Sami doesn't even know where I am.
Sami is a danger to the society.
Sami read the book last night.
Sami committed an offence.
Sami wrote five or six paragraphs about that.
Sami has to wait for the answer.
Sami could wait for months.
Sami had skeletons in his closet.
Sami received tons of e-mails.
Sami tried the hat on.
Sami accepted it.
Sami thought it was good.
Sami came out to play.
Sami went out to play.
Sami lived in a very Victorian culture.
Sami had a sexual pathology.
Sami asked me a lot of questions about sex growing up.
Sami thought something was wrong with him.
Sami's parents decided to get divorced.
Sami's parents divorced.
Sami was very young so he didn't really understand what was going on.
Sami was verbally abusive.
Sami was very possessive and controlling.
Sami tried to explained what had happened but it was tough for him.
Sami was opening up about these problems.
Sami was typing a letter for Layla.
Sami couldn't hear a fly in that room.
Sami was planning a kidnapping.
Sami would never do this again in the future.
Sami is a harmless man.
Sami worked for the prosecution.
Sami drew a hasty conclusion.
Sami sadistically raped Layla.
Sami sadistically murdered Layla.
Sami had sexually violent intentions.
Sami had easy access to prey.
Sami indulged into cannibalism.
Sami visited porn websites to cope with his sexual urges.
Sami had violent fantasies.
Sami's violent sexual urges were excited by porn websites.
Sami was a perfect stranger.
Sami influenced Layla into crime.
Sami acted out his fantasies.
Sami wanted to act out his fantasies.
Sami's violent behavior can't be predicted.
Sami discussed kidnapping and raping women with at least ten different individuals.
Sami had a dishonest relationship with Layla.
Sami and Layla's story isn't going to end well.
Sami got home late.
Sami played videogames for a couple of hours.
Sami would sit up until four in the morning.
Sami installed spyware on Layla's computer.
Sami visited fetish websites.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch for a while.
Sami didn't show this to his wife.
Sami had fun watching the blood gushing from Layla's throat.
Sami had no remorse about that.
Sami did this at night.
Sami was still doing great at work.
Sami was an accused sex offender.
Sami wanted to make his behavior acceptable.
Sami started talking to this girl from Egypt.
Sami was playing a game with Layla.
Sami started to chat with this girl from Egypt.
Sami's wife was sleeping with their baby.
Sami believed everything.
Sami fantasized about killing his wife.
Sami felt that Layla's tone changed.
Sami wanted to take it to the next level.
Sami wanted his fantasy to become real.
Sami couldn't wait to go see Layla.
Sami found out where Layla worked.
Sami needed some more background information about Layla.
Sami met Layla for brunch.
Sami and Layla were just talking.
Sami went straight to his computer to chat.
Sami was excited about it.
Sami had a purpose for that trip.
Sami satisfied his purpose.
Sami sort of expected this.
Sami's trial isn't over.
Sami has probably done something bad.
Sami would probably have done something bad.
Sami and Layla had lunch in Cairo.
Sami had lunch with Layla in Cairo.
Sami had a chat with Layla.
Sami wasn't planning anything.
Sami e-mailed Layla the address.
Sami didn't even give Layla his last name.
Sami was at work and bored.
Sami and Layla were planning a kidnapping.
Sami and Layla were conspiring a kidnapping.
Sami wanted to punish people for what he had suffered.
Sami was going in that direction.
Sami had to understand this.
Sami met with Layla to plan a kidnapping.
Sami bought a stun gun.
Sami tried to hurt Layla.
Sami lurched out of the car and started hitting Layla.
Sami was about to hit the doorbell.
Sami felt like he could do it.
Sami had deviant thoughts.
Sami is not going to talk.
Sami didn't understand why Layla acted like this.
Sami was a harmless teddy bear.
Sami was a master criminal.
Sami didn't do anything about it.
Sami was a decent human being.
Sami has until June 10 to finish the report.
Sami doesn't have to do this if he doesn't want to.
Sami worked until midnight.
Sami never asked for more time.
Sami works the midnight shift.
Sami had no desire to do that.
Sami fell asleep and when he woke up, it was six AM.
Sami's heart started racing.
Sami found Layla's body around six thirty.
Sami was expecting that.
Sami's arrest came as a surprise.
Sami told Layla not to worry about that.
Sami started dating again.
Sami was somewhat curious.
Sami was interested.
Sami should be locked up for the rest of his life.
Sami is gonna spend the rest of his life in jail.
Sami is gonna stay here for the rest of his life.
Sami had a dating profile on Facebook.
Sami loves pets.
Now in Tatoeba you find, in English, only phrases about Tom or Sami.
I play tennis every Friday between three and five.
When he was younger he worked at a factory.
Every day he did the same thing for eight hours and then he went home.
I will ask my sister if she wants to come along to the summer house next week.
I can also ask her if she wants to bring her new boyfriend.
Did she give you a good reason for not coming?
He had wanted to call earlier he said, but he had been so busy at work.
They are going to Spain in June, and then they are going away again.
You must not leave the door unlocked when you go to school.
Should we sell the small car and start taking the bus to work instead?
Perhaps I should find a new job or an interesting hobby to keep me motivated.
Do you write to-do-lists?
Is it important for you to always have a goal?
The economists were wrong.
Boris Becker once famously held from 0-40 down by serving 5 aces in a row.
It is a little known fact that Tomas Berdych once won a match losing a mere point on serve... only to lose the next match with a bagel.
Ivo Karlovic holds the record for most consecutive service holds. During the 2009 grass season, he didn't lose serve once in eight matches, and it took Roger Federer, the greatest grasscourt player of modern times, to finally stop the streak at 129 holds in a row.
It's backbreaking work.
Tom's house is well-insulated.
Tom's house is warm inside even on cold days.
Tom unrolled the sleeping mat.
Barack Obama was the first African-American president of the United States.
How many hours a night do you sleep?
I loved Sami a lot.
Sami's life was changed.
Sami's life was changed for ever.
Sami's life was for ever changed.
Sami shot himself in the head.
I slept badly last night.
This cancer is incurable.
Mary didn't want her children to grow up without a father.
Tom lives in a tiny studio.
I would like to see the contract.
May Almighty God make you very happy.
In the dictionary of every language, every word has a lot of meanings.
Besides, we will lose too much time to talk about the various topics.
Every day many human lives were lost there in political conflicts.
Where do you do that?
The hall, in which we are now, had already a lot of very important meetings.
Many important guests have already been received here.
Shortly thereafter, the dearth returned to the house.
Meanwhile, many more people fell, one after the other.
The historical building was repaired using traditional methods.
Know that every flatterer lives at the expense of those who like to listen to him.
It's about the right size.
Many hours passed while she examined everything.
There was once a great war, and after the war many soldiers were dismissed.
The road led them through a desert field, where there were many boulders.
We could of course present many more examples.
The acme of shamelessness is to be not ashamed of being shameless.
Shame can limit what the law does not prohibit.
The language of truth must be, with no doubt, simple and without artifice.
On their itinerary, they will hear a variety of portrayals of old inhabitants, the sea, the coast, the fishing and the agriculture.
What delays life is the wait for tomorrow and the loss of today.
I have an important meeting to attend this afternoon.
A proper analysis of the economic situation cannot be performed without taking into consideration the government's recent reforms.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for change.
You keep complaining about all the things you don't have, but just think about all the things you do have.
I don't know much about history.
I don't know much about science.
I don't know much about math.
I don't know much about geography.
I don't know much about linguistics.
I don't know much about philosophy.
I don't know much about engineering.
I don't know much about astronomy.
These events must analyzed in their historical context.
Analyses of individual events abstracted from their historical context often come to erroneous conclusions.
That grammatical construction does not exist in the colloquial register of the language.
I'd like to live near a beach.
Many locations, despite being situated near coastlines, have fairly extreme climates.
Not all coastal regions have mild climates.
Do you see that snail in the water?
These snails are cannibals.
This snail species is cannibalistic.
This species is cannibalistic.
This is a vegetarian species.
This is a carnivorous species.
This is an omnivorous species.
It is a carnivorous species.
It is a vegetarian species.
It is an omnivorous species.
Which is better: omnivorism, vegetarianism, or veganism?
Why are you a vegetarian and not a vegan?
He refused to sacrifice his principles for money.
He couldn't be bought.
She couldn't be bought.
He was a rare example of an honest politician.
He was an honest politician.
She was an honest politician.
You were an honest politician.
I was an honest politician.
What would the government's policies be if politicians couldn't be bribed?
What would the government's policies be if politicians refused bribes?
What would the government's policies be if all politicians were honest?
The government's actions would likely be very different if politicians refused to take bribes.
The government wants to spy on you.
The government wants to spy on us.
I hate hot milk.
He was burned alive.
She was burned alive.
He was burned at the stake.
She was burned at the stake.
They were burned at the stake.
I am both my father and my son.
I am my own grandfather.
I'm my own grandfather.
Imagine a world without war.
This practice is of dubious morality.
Many traditional practices are immoral.
Just because something is tradition doesn't mean it's right.
Tradition is always right.
Do you want to be an astronaut?
Do you want to go to space?
Do you want to go to outer space?
No one correctly predicted the repercussions of these policies.
Who is this moron?
They're trying to tear us apart.
They're trying to turn us against each other.
We can't let them turn us against each other.
We cannot allow them to turn us against each other.
I don't read a lot of books.
I don't read much.
I don't do a lot of reading.
I should read more.
Can you fix my laptop?
Can you fix my TV?
Can you fix my sink?
Can you fix my faucet?
Can you fix my toilet?
Can you fix my motorcycle?
Can you fix my bike?
Can you fix my truck?
Can you fix my lamp?
Can you fix my keyboard?
I am loyal to my friends.
I may be many things, but disloyal is not one of them.
My enemies fear me, and my friends love me.
They hate foreigners; I hate everyone.
He is an extremist.
She is an extremist.
They are extremists.
They're extremists.
She's an extremist.
He's an extremist.
We do not tolerate extremism.
It would be a disaster if they ever got a majority in the parliament.
Almost all of his predictions were wrong.
Our country is supposed to serve us.
The government is supposed to serve the people, not the other way around.
I threw the book in the fire.
He threw the book in the fire.
She threw the book in the fire.
I have a wonderful life.
Sami is behind bars now.
Sami waited at a nearby hotel.
Sami pulled the trigger.
Sami's alibi didn't hold through.
Sami left for a date with a woman named Layla.
Sami paid little attention to that.
Sami was a Star Wars fan.
Sami confessed to Layla.
Sami tried to get Layla to confess to him.
Sami met Farid in jail.
Sami lives about a block away from here.
Sami started to cry.
Sami struggled with feelings of guilt.
Go without me.
Don't go without me.
I will leave when he arrives.
When have you tried it?
I do not believe there is an easy language. For me, all of them are difficult.
When did you try doing that?
This is already a habit.
I put boots on.
I'm putting boots on.
I'm putting on boots.
This phrase is as beautiful as it is true. I will surely never forget it.
They're calling me. I have to go.
Dad is calling me. I have to go.
I know when you're lying.
I know you truly love me. I can see it in your eyes.
This phrase is both true and beautiful. I will certainly never forget it.
Tom never married and never had kids.
Tom donated his estate to create a wildlife sanctuary.
Why do birds suddenly appear every time spring is near?
Why do you come to me?
The farmer took the wheat to the barn.
Would you mind mouthing the words "good bye" as you leave the room?
Would you mind mouthing the words "thank you" as you sit down?
If I would make a clone army of philosophers, I would use you as my base line D.N.A.
What did you throw into the fire?
This tree should be cut with an ax.
This tree should be cut.
Why did you decide to defend him?
This is my dearest son.
Jesus came to the Jordan to be baptized by John.
Jesus was baptized by John in the Jordan River.
Many Pharisees and Sadducees came to the baptism of John the Baptist.
Many were baptized by John in the Jordan River.
John's food was grasshoppers and wild honey.
John said that the kingdom of heaven was near.
What is your favorite clothing store?
John preached in the Desert of Judea.
This needs to be done.
Make mistakes, learn from them and grow!
The Russians are on our side.
In English there is a word which means everything "that is fortunate and discovered by accident or mere chance."
I have to admit that I expect a lot from the future, because we have already made such a good start.
Miracle of incompetence: most critics of Esperanto do not know the language.
A grain of judgment is worth more than a pound of subtleties.
Just as a well-used day produces a soft sleep, a well-used life causes a quiet death.
Death is a chimera: because while I exist, death does not exist; and when there is death, I no longer exist.
No one is so young that he can not die today.
No one is so old that he does not want to live another year, nor so young that he can not die today.
Study! Not to enlarge what you already know, but to know it better.
He is not poor who has little, but who longs for much.
A poor man misses many things, but a miser misses everything.
I was not born to live in only one place, like a tree. My homeland is the whole world.
It's not true that we have little time, but that we waste a lot.
Someone is eating something.
Nobody ever calls me.
Tom didn't find everything he needed.
Tom didn't get everything he needed.
Tom didn't do everything he needed to do.
Tom didn't do what he needed to do.
Tom didn't do everything he had to do.
Tom didn't do what he had to do.
Tom didn't buy what he needed to buy.
Tom bought what he needed to buy.
Tom didn't buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom bought everything he needed to buy.
Tom was able to buy everything he needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy everything he needed.
Tom was able to buy what he needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy what he needed.
Tom was able to do what he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he needed to do.
Tom was able to do what he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he had to do.
Tom was able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom was able to do everything he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he wanted to do.
Tom wasn't able to do anything he was supposed to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he was supposed to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he wanted to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he had to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he needed to do.
Tom couldn't do everything he had to do.
Tom could do everything he had to do.
Tom couldn't do everything he needed to do.
Tom couldn't do what he had to do.
Tom couldn't do what he needed to do.
Tom could do everything he needed to do.
Tom could do what he had to do.
Tom could do what he needed to do.
Tom couldn't buy what he needed.
Tom could buy what he needed.
Tom couldn't buy everything he needed.
Tom could buy everything he needed.
I wouldn't like to get in a self moving computer; I rather drive by myself.
You have to do everything Tom tells you to do.
You must do everything Tom tells you to do.
You don't have to do everything Tom tells you to do.
You don't have to do anything Tom tells you to do.
Sami's minivan was found abandoned on the side of the road.
Sami got in his van and left.
Sami really enjoyed it.
Sami was very proud of his music group.
Sami sang with Layla.
Sami would never complain.
Sami headed over to Layla's house.
Sami drove back to his apartment in Cairo.
Sami and Layla's relationship had a long and complicated history.
Sami and Layla had quite a serious relationship.
Sami and Layla stayed together.
Sami's ex-girlfriend came to him and told him that she was pregnant.
Sami and Layla had known each other for a couple of years.
Sami had a construction contracting business.
Sami and Layla decided it was time to separate and reevaluate their marriage.
Sami rented an apartment in Cairo.
Sami and Layla really separated.
Sami and Layla separated.
Sami and Layla have been communicating again.
Sami was really excited.
Sami and Layla were really exctited because they were talking again.
Sami welcomed Layla with open arms.
Sami and Layla wished each other a merry Christmas.
Sami and Layla decided to split up.
Sami arrived at the family home at six o'clock.
Sami and Layla spent Christmas together as a family for the sake of the children.
Sami and Layla spent time together.
Sami will take care of the children.
Sami babysitted the children.
Sami was supposed to babysit the children.
Sami and Layla had a nice dinner at her place.
Sami called Layla the next day.
Sami called me on the evening of the 25th.
Sami got in his minivan and left.
Sami and Layla have been arguing on and off all Christmas day.
Sami's caravan was left on the side of the road with a flat tire.
Sami was heading back to work after lunch.
Sami noticed Layla's minivan left on the shoulder of the road.
Sami's car was abandoned on the side of the road with a flat tire.
Sami didn't have time to drive there.
Sami abandoned his relationship with Layla.
Sami presented Layla with divorce papers.
Sami found out that nobody knew where Layla was.
Sami was extremely concerned.
Sami made a frantic phone call to the police.
Sami offered help.
Sami is still missing.
Sami may have been missing.
Sami can go as he pleases.
Sami felt helpless.
Sami walked with a flashlight.
Sami kept looking.
Sami saw Layla alive and well in the shopping mall.
Sami stormed out of the house after an argument with Layla.
Sami and Layla spent a volatile day of arguing.
Sami talked to Layla on Christmas day.
Sami wished Layla a merry Christmas.
Sami was very close to Layla's family.
Sami and Layla's separation hasn't been easy.
Sami had lived with Farid and Layla.
Sami was desperate for answers.
Sami's minivan has been sitting here since Monday.
Sami wanted to test his theory.
Sami reinflated the tire.
Sami intentionally let air out of the tire.
Sami had four children under the age of ten.
Sami was working non-stop to mobilize a search team.
Sami had a brief encounter with Layla.
Sami took care of Layla's daughter.
Sami's body was found in a dump site.
Sami's minivan was found with a flat tire in a parking lot.
Sami was Layla's estranged husband.
Sami is back in Layla's life.
Sami drove by Layla's house the day she went missing.
Sami saw Layla's minivan in her driveway.
Sami reconciled with Layla.
Sami decided to do away with Layla.
Sami was having dinner with his entire family.
Sami died in a tragic car accident.
Sami may have been upset with Layla.
Sami saw Layla having lunch with Farid.
Sami and Layla were having lunch at a very romantic place.
What doesn't kill me only makes me stronger.
What doesn't kill you, only makes you stronger.
He realised his dream of becoming an accountant.
We were really under the pump to meet that deadline.
Believe me, the stars of your destiny are in your bosom.
An owl is on the roof.
Listen, see and be silent, and you will be in peace.
This is an extremely important point in time.
This is a crucial moment.
Do much work, and talk little; everything else is craziness.
Transform big problems into small ones, and small problems into none.
I can not go to the movies, I'm bare of money.
Mary is a student.
You were the reason for my smile. You became the cause of my tears.
I love you from the bottom of my heart.
Do not ever weep for a man because the only one who deserves your tears will never make you cry.
The tears that flow are bitter but still more bitter are those that do not flow.
A dying old man is like a burning library.
Swedish women are very pretty.
"Thomas, I'm pregnant." "Who's the father? I?"
You are completely crazy.
Man is greedy, he only takes into account his ambitions and takes his dreams for reality.
When I was a boy I went fishing a lot.
Als ich ein Junge war, ging ich oft angeln.
Tears are the blood of the soul.
Thomas knows all the tricks of the trade.
She had very pretty breasts.
Why are you so cruel?
One does not explain a work of art as one demonstrates a geometry problem.
A critic can not say why a thing is beautiful; he can only say that it is beautiful.
Theories are the death of art.
This is the novel I talked to you about.
Laws are always made by the rich against the poor.
The delivery was very difficult.
I saw him yesterday.
She goes out almost every night.
Mary goes out almost every night.
Mary never wears a bra.
Tom is studying at the Sorbonne.
I hate Paris.
She's an attractive woman.
Mary is thin and tall.
Tom and Mary are hitchhiking.
The countryside is pretty.
He stroked her hair.
The castle is surrounded by a beautiful park.
The castle is surrounded by a beautiful garden.
Everyone knew that it was impossible. An ignorant man did not know: he did it.
You're not a good for nothing, you're bad at everything.
When one does not like someone, one easily believes the bad things that are said about him.
If you want to go at sea without any risk of capsizing, then don't buy a boat: buy an island!
When you have no children, you're jealous of those who have them and when you have them, they drive you crazy! The Blessed Virgin had only one child, and look at the troubles he caused her.
In the end, you see, sorrow is like a tapeworm: what you have to do is to get it out of your body.
Love can't kill you.
You break my heart.
When they'll make cowards dance, you won't be playing in the orchestra.
Have you ever seen a woman who likes poor men?
I'm a teacher; which means that outside of a classroom, I'm useless.
Love is not a passion, it's an illness.
The whole nature, even in what is considered unsightly, is, for those who feel, who are sincerely moved, a source of eternal and ever new beauty.
Such is the life of men: a few joys, quickly wiped away by unforgettable sorrows. It's not necessary to tell the children.
I was born in the town of Aubagne, beneath the goat-crowned Garlaban, in the days of the last goatherds.
Words that sound nice always contain beautiful images.
Such is the weakness of our reason: it serves most often only to justify our beliefs.
Time passes, and it turns the wheel of life as water does that of a mill.
Marie is drying her hair in front of the mirror.
We can do everything to men who love us, they are so stupid.
Tom is on his deathbed.
She fainted in his arms.
Mary fainted in Tom's arms.
My life is like water that has passed the mill; it turns no wheel.
There's no wind.
Wine improves as it ages.
We lunched on the grass.
He came to join her every night in her room.
He's young and handsome.
A painter who has only been a painter will never be more than half an artist.
She shone with all the splendour of her twenty years.
She is plump.
Do you want to go swimming?
She's cute.
She's a good actress.
You've got a spot on your shirt.
You've got a stain on your shirt.
He has traces of lipstick on his cheeks.
He has lipstick on his cheeks.
If sins made us suffer when we sinned, we'd all be saints.
You're not asleep?
We rode at full speed the whole way.
I don't want to sleep with him.
On the 19th, we were ordered to assault formidably entrenched German trenches.
She's a bit of a liar.
"You didn't do the dishes?" "You didn't ask me. "
One loves no one as soon as one loves.
I smiled tenderly while she shoved snowballs down my neck.
This child is stupid.
We are not out of the woods.
This young woman is remarkably beautiful.
Mary touched up her makeup.
Long live France.
You think I'm ugly, don't you?
I made muffins.
He dared not kiss her.
He pressed his lips against hers.
One day he received an anonymous letter which told him that Odette had been the mistress of countless men and women, and that she frequented houses of ill-fame.
One is never so happy as one thinks.
One is never as unhappy as one thinks.
From that evening onwards, Swann understood that the feeling which Odette had once had for him would never revive.
I so want to kiss you.
He was dying to kiss her.
Mary ran a bath.
He had instantly succumbed to his charms.
Thomas felt his phone vibrate.
The general took off his monocle to wipe it off.
I thank you for this lovely evening.
Can you put some sunscreen on me?
She parted her hair with her hands.
He's a ladies man.
At times he thought that letting such a pretty woman go out alone in Paris like that was as imprudent as putting a case full of jewels in the middle of the street.
Old men played ptanque under the plane trees.
She wrapped her legs around his waist.
She asked him to put out the light before leaving.
He always wears a flower in his buttonhole.
I had a friend who was in love with a poet of sorts. In his verses he never spoke of anything but love, and heaven, and the stars. Oh! she was properly taken in! He had more than three hundred thousand francs out of her before he'd finished.
Are you available on Friday?
Such is the life of a man. Moments of joy, quickly obliterated by unforgettable sadness. There's no need to tell the children that.
Such is human life. A few joys, very quickly wiped out by unforgettable sorrows.
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothing special."
And, drawing her to him, he kissed her.
Boats are safe in ports, but that's not what they're made for.
This church dates from the 13th century.
Your couscous is delicious.
I'll never be able to sleep.
It smells like the sea.
It smells like fish.
Remember that a picture, before being a battle horse, a nude woman, or some anecdote, is essentially a plane surface covered with colours assembled in a certain order.
After work had been done, the old man sat down on a tree stump under the window of the hut and thought.
Tom drives a big sedan.
I believe that I am one of the most honest politicians in France.
Her boyfriend cheats on her.
Mary was a bit drunk.
Tom is a dumpster diver.
Marie blushed exceedingly, lowered her head, and made no reply.
Tom took a sip of tea.
I can't go to the movies with you because I don't have any money.
I can't do that with you because I don't have any money.
I can't do that with you because I don't have enough money.
Tom does that.
Tom ate lunch.
Tom didn't speak French.
Tom didn't help.
Tom didn't help Mary do that.
Tom didn't buy what he needed.
Tom won't drink that.
Tom won't go to Boston.
Tom won't drive to Boston.
Tom hasn't eaten lunch.
Tom hasn't done his homework.
Tom hasn't done much.
Tom hasn't lived abroad.
Tom hasn't paid his rent.
Tom has been doing his homework.
Tom has been helping us.
Tom has been helping Mary.
Tom has been helping Mary do her homework.
Tom has been living in Boston.
Tom hasn't been doing that.
Tom hasn't been helping us.
Tom hasn't been eating.
Tom hasn't been doing his homework.
Tom hasn't been helping Mary.
Tom hasn't been taking his medications.
Tom hasn't been going to school.
Tom hasn't been here lately.
Tom hasn't been here recently.
Tom hasn't been eating properly.
Tom hasn't been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom hasn't been getting much sleep.
Tom hasn't been getting paid very much.
Maria can't stop tweeting.
This is not a travel ban.
Sami unexpectedly quit his band.
Sami came to Layla and asked her to joint the group.
Sami disappeared to start a new life.
Sami has been playing guitar with his band for almost a year.
Sami bought a brand new gear.
Sami almost didn't believe it.
Sami was adopted as an infant by Farid and Layla Bakir.
Sami had a care-free childhood.
Sami liked to talk to people.
Sami thought life was good.
Sami decided he needed a change.
Sami wanted to test his skills in Cairo.
Sami wanted to try something new.
Sami wanted to see what life held for him.
Sami wanted to try something different.
Sami built a name for himself in the London punk scene.
Sami and Layla fell in love really fast.
Sami would always be in Layla's room.
Sami seemed to be in love with Layla.
Sami proposed to Layla six months into the relationship.
Sami and Layla's relationship was interesting.
Sami and Layla's relationship problems started to create some tension at the office.
Sami's band was playing a show in Cairo.
Sami saw Layla talking to another guy.
Sami immediately approached Layla.
Sami was talking to his roommates.
Sami seemed pretty upset.
Sami noticed that Layla was talking to another guy.
Sami was at work when Layla called him.
Sami and Layla had a long discussion.
Sami was Farid's bandmate.
Sami got rid of his girlfriend.
Sami and Layla had a long talk and they decided to give it another try.
Sami wanted to quit the band.
Sami was angry that Layla quit the band.
Sami chose Layla over the band.
Sami appeared agitated.
Sami still appeared agitated.
Sami put the call on the speakerphone so that Layla could hear.
Sami was confused by Layla's erratic behavior.
Sami quit his band.
Sami wanted to break all ties with his friends.
Sami was trying to calm Layla down.
Sami was on the verge of a breakdown.
Sami seemed emotionally drained.
Sami stayed by himself.
Sami and Layla had one last conversation before they went to sleep.
Sami was hopeful that Layla's agitation might be subsiding.
Sami talked about his anxieties.
Sami was still at work.
Sami was proud of Layla for making that move in her life.
Sami was about to play the biggest show of his career.
Sami went to see a counselor at Layla's urging.
Sami called Layla to see how things went.
Sami went inside the apartment.
Sami called and called but Layla's phone just went to voice mail.
Sami was calling people.
Sami was highly concerned.
Sami's phone was shut off.
Sami saw Layla's clothes there.
Sami wore his regular work clothes.
Sami was rehearsing for his big show.
Sami and Layla put their differences aside.
Sami couldn't get hold of Layla.
Sami went looking for Layla.
Sami made another disturbing discovery.
Sami's contacts were missing.
Sami left his glasses in the car.
Sami and Layla were in bed.
Sami feared Layla might have taken her own life.
Sami talked to the police.
Sami and Layla continued to comb the woods.
Sami went back to the apartment and stayed there.
Sami got the message from Layla on his answering machine.
Sami can go missing if he wants.
Sami came to his own conclusion.
Sami lived with Farid and Layla.
Sami has simply walked away.
Sami and Layla grew suspicious of each other.
Sami left behind all of his belongings and left to disappear.
Sami has been missing for five days.
Sami reported Layla missing after just a few hours.
Sami thought something was wrong.
Sami left all of his possessions behind.
Sami's relationship with his girlfriend was up and down.
Sami had trouble with relationships.
Sami knows what he has to do.
Sami wanted to walk away from his problems and become a drifter.
Sami wanted to go to Costa Rica and grow bananas.
Sami was a resourceful guy.
Sami has just wandered off.
Sami's bad relationship with Layla was weighing on him.
Sami wanted to meet his biological mother.
Sami wanted to know who he was.
Sami just walked away.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
A top-secret report details Russian hacking effort days before the election.
The president has said the entire Russia story is fake news.
Sadness is a gift from heaven, pessimism is a disease of the spirit.
When life gives you reasons to cry, show that you have a thousand and one reasons to laugh.
Apparently the First Lady may stay in New York permanently and won't ever move into the White House.
This is being reported. I'm not sure if we can believe that.
Life is fascinating; you just have to look at it through the right glasses.
I stand by my previous statement.
Time knows no time.
The postscript for good intentions is: next time.
Living means singing and loving.
You can take this for the record.
What's the legal basis of your refusal to answer these questions?
Will you answer these questions in a closed session?
We are interested in others, when they are interested in us.
He who only lives for himself is dead to others.
It is more cruel to fear death than to die.
Keep in mind what you are going to say, not what you think.
The cursing tongue is an indication of a bad heart.
It is impossible to win without another one losing.
Don't go out, come back to yourself. In the inner man dwells the truth.
The past is no longer and the future is not yet.
This ad will end in ten seconds.
This scandal is beginning to resemble the size and the scale of Watergate.
Tell me, my friend: Is life sad or sad am I?
She said that she couldn't come to the meeting.
Since the bus was late I came home after seven p.m.
It is necessary to rise upon the wings of enthusiasm. If you reason, you will never fly.
We bought the sofa, even though it was a bit too expensive.
I was fourteen when my family moved to another country.
If the weather is good on Thursday, we will go to the park.
She sent me her address so that I could find her house.
We couldn't buy the concert tickets until we got the money from our friends.
Soon after being lit, the oven was very hot; an hour later, it was just hot; two hours afterwards, it was no more than lukewarm, and after three hours it was already completely cold.
She said she couldn't wait.
Since the concert doesn't start until ten o'clock, we can have dinner at a nice restaurant earlier in the evening.
I like to go to new places and see new things.
There are often many parties around Midsummer.
When you can not achieve what you want, you'd better change your attitude.
There are two big lakes in Sweden.
The basic components of Chinese characters are called "radicals".
Hope is a flowering tree that gently swings to the breath of illusions.
In the morning I like to drink coffee.
Differential calculus was developed by Newton (alongside the work of Leibniz in this matter) to solve problems in mechanics.
Unfortunately, the equations in fluid mechanics introduce further difficulties, that is, they are nonlinear.
Outside of Landskrona there is a big island called Hven.
The finite element method enables us to find approximate solutions of partial differential equations.
At eight o'clock I go to work in the morning.
I feel very bad, I must see a doctor.
I'm a biology student.
Each to their own!
The wind rises We must try to live!
I read a book called "The Joy of Not Needing Anything."
Believing no one is as bad as believing everyone.
A slanderous tongue is an indication of a bad heart.
You can not win without someone losing.
The world was not made in time, but with time.
Tom gazes wistfully over the rooftops to where his lover lives.
These days we look back wistfully towards our lost youth.
Please put socks in the basket.
She is very pretty, I mean, she is attractive and beautiful.
He was remarkable for the skill of his spirit, and because of the amazing wealth of his inventions.
Mr. Walter Scott said: "Perhaps there is no work in the English language, which is more universally read and admired than the Adventures of Robinson Crusoe."
When I was a boy, I felt a great desire to spend my life on the sea; and as I grew up the desire grew stronger.
After we had sailed for some days, it happened a storm, and on the fifth night the ship split.
Everyone rushed to the pumps.
We felt the ship moan in all its boards and the wood begin to tremble from the bow to the stern.
Soon it became clear that there wasn't any hope, and that saving our lives was all we could do.
I don't think Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom plays the oboe as well as Mary does.
I think Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary.
I think Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary does.
I think Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary.
I think Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary does.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to play the banjo as well as Mary does.
Tom can play the piano better than Mary.
Tom can play the piano better than Mary can.
Tom can play the violin much better than Mary.
Tom can play the violin much better than Mary can.
Tom doesn't play the cello as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't play the cello as well as Mary does.
Tom hopes that someday he'll be able to play the drums as well as Mary.
Tom hopes that someday he'll be able to play the drums as well as Mary does.
Tom is practicing hard so that someday he'll be able to play the accordion as well as Mary.
Tom is practicing hard so that someday he'll be able to play the accordion as well as Mary does.
Tom knows he'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Mary.
Tom knows he'll never be able to play the French horn as well as Mary does.
Tom plays the flute better than Mary
Tom plays the flute better than Mary does.
Tom plays the viola much better than Mary.
Tom plays the viola much better than Mary does.
Tom says that someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Mary.
Tom says that someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Mary does.
Tom wanted to be able to play the ukulele as well as Mary.
Tom wanted to be able to play the ukulele as well as Mary does.
Tom wants to be able to play the fiddle as well as Mary.
Tom wants to be able to play the fiddle as well as Mary does.
Tom wished he could play the mandolin as well as Mary.
Tom wished he could play the mandolin as well as Mary does.
You're like a dog that wants to please the master that abuses it.
Tom hasn't been feeling well.
Tom says he does that.
Tom says he speaks French.
Tom says he plays the recorder.
Tom says he wants to learn how to speak French.
Tom says he wants to get a driver's license.
Tom says he wants to go home early.
Tom says he wants to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom says he wants to play golf with me.
Tom says he wants to go to Boston.
Sami can't masturbate without watching porn.
Sami masturbates with porn.
Sami can't masturbate without porn.
Sami masturbates to porn.
Layla used her body as bait.
Sami dominated the people around him.
How does it feel to be Mrs. Majid?
Sami and Layla were back in each others arms.
Layla started cleaning house for Sami.
The kitchen and the bedrooms are done.
Tom says he kissed Mary.
Tom says he saw Mary.
Tom says he talked to Mary.
Tom says he loves me.
Tom says he's doing that.
Tom says he's getting a divorce.
Tom says he's moving to Boston.
Tom says he's studying French.
Tom says he's teaching Mary French.
Sami and Layla were hugging and kissing.
Sami threw the knife off the bridge.
I told Tom that he shouldn't drink that water.
I told Tom that he shouldn't tell Mary about what happened.
I told Tom that he shouldn't eat raw pork.
I told Tom that he shouldn't cross the road without looking both ways.
Tom made a pot of coffee.
I think Tom likes doing that.
I think Tom likes to do that.
A lazy man always finds excuses.
That will take the wind out of her sails.
We can't talk right now.
I don't like meat.
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
East or west, home is best.
The future is very uncertain.
I'd like to eat meat zongzi.
What will you eat tonight?
I will eat sweet and sour spareribs tonight.
We have not eaten.
You all are reading.
You are reading.
Play with me.
I'm quite a time-conscious person.
Find the derivatives.
The derivative of x^2 (x squared) with respect to x is 2x (two x).
The gradient of a scalar-valued function of several variables is the vector which contains its partial derivatives with respect to each of its variables (when these derivatives exist).
The calculated deflection at the end of the beam is 2 cm.
Strength of materials is one of the most basic tools for engineers.
First we fired our guns to get help, and after some time a ship lying not far away sent out a boat to help us.
Sami reached his goal.
Forwards always, backwards never.
"I don't like games like this", squeaked the mouse.
Sami had a pot farm.
Sami was a pot farmer.
He barged the other kid off the ball.
Don't you want to know how Tom learned French so quickly?
I think Tom likes to play tennis.
I think Tom likes playing tennis.
I told Tom that he shouldn't talk with his mouth full.
Tom says he wants to lose weight.
Tom says he stayed up all night studying.
Tom says he sings tenor.
Tom hasn't been attending classes.
Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary are doing that by themselves
Tom and Mary are doing that on their own.
Tom and Mary are doing that with John.
Death when it comes will have no denial.
Tom says he has a little money with him, but not enough for a bus ticket.
Tom picked up his daughter at day care.
Tom wanted to eat steak.
Tom wanted to listen to Mozart.
Tom wanted to listen to something by Mozart.
Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom wanted to listen to some Mozart.
Tom said his favorite composer was Mozart.
Tom said Mozart was his favorite composer.
Tom said Mozart is one of his favorite composers.
Mozart is one of my favorite composers.
After a long investigation we came to the conclusion that Clinton had a private server, while Trump and Comey had a private dinner.
Sami was on the campus.
Have you ever been hit by a car?
Ive never done a bungee jump.
Anyway, my game is like not as complicated as this is.
Would you like to see a UFO?
He likes to work with his head rather than with his hands.
Have you ever gone to a Spanish bar?
Do you like to drink wine?
What kind of alcohol do you like to drink?
Do you like to go to the movie theater?
How many times a week do you go to the movie theater to watch movies?
The earth has only one sun.
The movie theater has discounts every Monday and Wednesday.
Sometimes a unicycle is enough to drive through life. But I prefer the tandem.
The road to heaven passes through hell.
The circle is the geometry of caring.
Translating is the best way to study two languages at the same time.
There is a lot of anger in the world today.
I don't like those urchins.
They are urchins.
Have you ever broken a leg?
Have you ever broken any bones?
Have you ever lived abroad?
I've never tried bungee jumping.
I've never tried doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary's idea was a very good one.
Doing that was quite an experience for me.
The history of machine translation began fifty years ago.
Like many other technologies, including the computer itself, machine translation also stems from military reasons, that is, the desire for a mass and cheap translation of enemy texts during the Cold War.
Tom isn't likely to want to help Mary.
Tom won't be able to do that that soon.
Tom won't be able to do what you want him to do.
What beverages do you like to drink?
I treat you to a cup of coffee.
I would like to learn the Na'vi language.
Is the Na'vi language good to learn?
Can you speak the Na'vi language?
He intends to return to the country earlier.
She didn't come.
He didn't come.
You all didn't come.
You haven't eaten.
He hasn't eaten.
She hasn't eaten.
Your thoughts betray you.
Tom hasn't eaten anything today.
Tom hasn't eaten anything since yesterday.
Tom hasn't eaten at home in a long time.
Tom tried to suppress his impatience.
Tom looked at Mary and shrugged.
I wish Mary was here. She would know what to do.
Tom grinned a cocky grin.
Tom seems arrogant and sure of himself.
Cookie followed Tom wherever he went.
Tom looks older than seventy.
The fish was devoured by the eagle.
Do you know how she is doing?
It's Tom's thirtieth birthday tomorrow.
Whoever he is, he's wise.
Whatever you learn, you learn for yourself.
Someone killed the neighbor's dog.
He teaches the students something.
I see something good.
There is some water in the cup.
My hand hurts when I hold something.
I was talking to someone on the phone.
Sami should thank his lucky stars.
Sami was tired of Layla.
Sami was in his late adolescence.
Layla was terrified of her boyfriend.
Sami had a liking for pool.
Sami played pool.
Even a simple loaf of bread can be a culinary delight.
Tom advised Mary to take a break.
Tom advised Mary to not do that.
Tom advised Mary to do that as soon as possible.
Tom advised Mary to consult a lawyer.
Tom advised Mary to buy a new computer.
Tom advised Mary not to stay out late at night.
Tom advised Mary not to leave her door unlocked.
Tom advised Mary not to go to Boston with John.
Tom advised Mary not to go out after dark by herself.
Tom advised Mary not to eat anything that John cooked.
Tom advised Mary not to buy John's old computer.
Tom advised Mary not to buy anything from that store.
Tom advised Mary not to believe what John said.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything she read.
Sami wanted to grieve in private.
Can you go get it?
Sami opened a bank account with a bogus Egyptian ID.
Sami is here to write a book.
Sami allowed the police to enter.
Layla had her own style of dress.
Sami liked Layla's smile.
The scorpion was on Sami's arm.
She is very angry with him.
He denies everything.
Add two or three tablespoons of sugar and pour boiling water.
I do not see men here.
I do not see women here.
I do not take other people's things.
They took the metro.
Slovakia is a beautiful country.
Is there someone here?
Where is dad?
What the hell was that?
There is nothing we can do.
It is not necessary.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says: He is always convinced that it says what he means.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
The case ignited controversy in Ireland.
Tom was asked to speak at a college event, which ignited in him a passion for activism.
A spark ignited the gas fumes.
The book ignited a fierce debate in the academic community.
The name Burkina Faso means "land of worthy people".
You are a lucky man.
Where do you recommand I submit for publication?
You're a lucky man.
Layla offered Sami some favors. You know what I mean.
Sami was mad as hell.
A geographic understanding of climate requires knowledge of seasonal as well as annual precipitation patterns.
We are going to Italy and Slovenia this winter.
She danced naked.
Please fax the application form to me.
Would you please fax me the application form?
Would you please fax the application form to me?
Real friends learn languages together.
I do not know how much water there is here. I do not see the bottom.
No man is perfect.
No love is greater than the love of a mother.
Tom speaks Greek very well, but he can't write a word of it.
I do not care about Tom's opinion: it has no value to me.
My new car is red.
Call me at half past six please.
Why didn't you come to the party yesterday?
My brother lives in Boston.
The situation is getting worse every day.
It's more difficult than what you think.
I'm so happy when you write to me!
There were several accidents caused by the fog.
It was impossible to drive in the fog.
The road was closed due to the fog.
Fog is usually formed when there is humidity and low temperature.
You can't see more than ten metres in the fog.
When they realise, I will have already left.
You're not a penguin, Thomas.
Where is my phone?
Where is my mobile?
Where's my mobile?
I sent her a text message.
Each one should carry his own load.
He ordered one grilled fish dinner.
Recently, I want to go to brush my teeth.
Instructors are not enough at all, you have to learn to swim under water yourself.
We spent the whole day at the beach.
The man stumbles, as if he is about to fall.
Few people were at the beach, beacuse it was raining.
You are not stupid.
Your garden is really small.
We have a new house.
Tom advised Mary when the sky has become dark, don't go out alone.
Tom advised Mary to not go to Boston with John.
Tom advised Mary to not leave her door opened.
Three days later, many Chinese people celebrate national day in Beijing.
Europe's four clear seasons, is most suitable environment for the human race to live in.
Shang Bo Liang solved the Ancient Egyptian language.
Tomorrow, I will book a dentist appointment.
I have restrictive access to the concert.
She was seventy-five and she was going to make some changes in her life.
I have never seen anything like it: two little discs of glass suspended in front of his eyes in loops of wire.
I promised you that I'd arrive on time.
The butterflies are very beautiful.
Is it always this way?
Do you know if there is a mosque near here?
Earth's equator is parallel to the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer.
Let's go.
What weather !
I am wrong.
I'm preparing the seeds for planting.
The laws of physics do not apply here.
I checked the engine, it's all right.
"How much did you bring?" "It's enough for everyone."
Where does the wind blow from?
Keep in mind that every field of knowledge has its own technical dictionary and thesaurus.
I fit in Norwegian society very good.
Are you shittin' me ?
The Finnish army is on the battlefield.
An internal error has occurred.
As long as the Colossus stands, so shall Rome; when the Colossus falls, Rome shall fall; when Rome falls, so falls the world.
So much umami.
Double power
The best flavor.
Why do you think that she is an unusual girl?
It's not late yet.
Going to Italy to study/attend school feels pretty good.
She quickly wrote down everything I said.
My mother is currently watching French Television program.
The Romanian language is [part of] Romance Language Family
You better think of another way.
The river outside of the castle is called a moat.
Tom wrote a single word on the sheet, then folded the sheet in four and left it on the desk.
If the truth is bitter, people do not want to hear it.
I do not want to interfere, but I can not leave it at that.
Have you finished reading it?
You think she's not an ordinary girl, but some princess?
You must take emergency measures.
He spends all his free time on the Internet.
I know beforehand everything you'll say.
Mary met an American and went with him to the States.
Tom's father rose to the rank of colonel and was transferred to the capital.
I have done this many times.
I have done that many times.
I've done this many times.
I've done that lots of times.
I've done that a lot of times.
I've done that numerous of times.
I've done that quite a lot.
I've done that quite a few times.
I've done that more times than I'd like to admit.
The chemical equation for water is H2O.
He enchants me with his piercing eyes.
The detective was dreading the stakeout.
You can use a keyword to help you remember complicated topics.
The choreographer created a stunning dance routine.
I was excited by the promise of reimbursement from my purchase.
My daughter got straight A's on her report card, she's a bright young thing.
Every student deserves personalized lessons.
The old cabin lacked many modern appliances, it even had a wood-burning stove.
Florida is known for it's humid, muggy weather.
One of the most important parts of game design is the graphical user interface, or GUI for short.
There's a storm incoming.
It was easy for the large dog to overpower the small one.
The toddler wobbled when he first stood up.
You never think you need an Allen wrench until you do, then it's crucial.
A preschooler learns many skills to prepare them for Kindergarten.
A resale store always has good deals.
He spent hours perfecting his air guitar skills.
The fire left her with a third-degree burn which took months to fully heal.
I have a large shrub in my front lawn that needs to be trimmed.
No one should have access to a weapon of mass destruction.
My parents always told me to sit still when I would play footsie with my siblings.
I have a soft spot for crying children.
The smoke-filled room made it difficult to breathe.
It is time consuming to categorize your flash cards.
I was devastated when I received my termination notice.
The common facilities are centrally located.
For what it's worth, I completely agree with you.
Many languages have a lot of inconsistency.
The house fire left massive scorches on the wall.
All new consoles should be backward compatible.
Many people get a job in customer services before they are qualified for other positions.
Whole milk upsets my stomach, so I always drink two-percent milk.
There are many kinds of burrowing animals, who make their homes underground.
Second-language acquisition requires a lot of hard work and dedication to reach fluency.
The smell of vinegar overpowers most other odors.
Early childhood education sets the foundation for future learning.
Most documents start out as unnamed.
Incubating plants helps them grow.
Hydrogen peroxide bubbles when put on a wound.
An air mattress may not be the most comfortable thing to sleep on, but it's much better than the floor.
What will you do with your first salary?
They say that she is very rich.
I dreamed I was a child again.
Who would doubt that!
This brings me back to my youth.
No one can know what the outcome will be.
Think.
There were pigs in the forest.
Good wine never hurts.
The boy is eating.
We eat bread.
Tom made an omelette.
Is not that the reason why you spent so much time in Rome last year?
What type of music do you like?
His wife is a Japanese woman.
His spouse is a German.
The CEO of IBM is the wife of someone present.
The CEO of IBM is the husband of someone present.
Tom is cisgender.
Mary is cisgender.
Hate has no home here.
Those oracular Chinese proverbs were confusing for the students.
After three months in office, the president still kibitzes with television stars.
His silhouette was distorted by the mottle on the glass.
His friend tried to palliate the offense but nobody cared about that.
The procustean methods of the police were designed to produce conformity but they were soon discarded.
The president applauded our efforts and challenged us to own up to our past.
He made his fortune as a Cohiba marketer.
The village is rife with dirty shops selling cheapjack souvenirs.
The propensity to find ourselves on the back foot is just a minor problem.
He interpolated many false quotes into the document.
He was an atheist writer who came from a stoutly religious family.
The order was to secure a bridgehead behind enemy lines.
His derisive laughter made me think that I was wrong.
Such a policy flip-flop was heavily criticized by his enemies.
After reading the book, the image of that Bonapartist hero flitted into his mind many times.
Words haply spoken usually are easy to forget.
I would have done it without your help.
"We have to reignite the spark of love between Tom and Mary," John said. "We can't let them split up!"
Whatever is necessary must be done.
She didn't get herself a husband.
"Why do you always clean your room before you leave, Tom?" "Because I'll know sooner when I return whether burglars were there."
It's a crying shame that people don't want to see the problem.
By helping an insect out of difficulty, I do nothing more than try to erode a little of the never-ending human guilt towards creation.
To be a native speaker by no means means to have a good command of one's native language.
The music alone wasn't enough to give voice to his feelings. A mighty choir was required!
We could have had it easier.
The old man was accompanied by his grandson.
The old man was accompanied by his granddaughter.
The old woman was accompanied by her grandson.
The old woman was accompanied by her granddaughter.
The old woman was accompanied by her grandchild.
Tom missed no opportunity to recall that he'd caught exactly one fish more than John.
My grandfather had a braille book about Esperanto and Ido.
"So where's Tom today?" "Oh, he has an upset stomach."
Do you actually go to dancing class?
Do you actually take dancing lessons?
My parents did not baptize me.
Tom was just falling asleep, when suddenly the train braked, and the jerk brought him back into the waking world.
My grandmother thinks that I am religious.
Well, I must say, quite honestly, we had agreed to wear ties today.
I will haunt you.
We will haunt you.
She will haunt him.
She is the mother of three daughters.
My aunt is already here.
We made fun of him over this incident.
She was a brave soldier.
He was still a virgin.
He's not a virgin anymore.
As I thought, he's a virgin!
I'd rather call a taxi for you.
The scooter won't start.
Susan Greene... are you a Dutch woman?
Tom was so old that even the oldest in the village knew him only as an old man.
His high income afforded him a life of prosperity.
I had hoped that you would be finished by my return.
I learned to swim aged four and a half.
He's drinking too much lately.
Mary was the most enchanting creature that Tom had ever seen.
This is going way too far.
The President of the United States is inciting violence against the free press.
We'll bypass the city centre.
I'm at my parents'.
Hope is the meadow on which fools graze.
The chemistry exam was a doddle.
We're not of this opinion.
We've equipped our office with computers.
The price of bread rose by ten yen.
Do you have any Russian-language books?
Do you have any books in Russian?
The kittens play with the children.
This film is very interesting.
Bathing prohibited.
I haven't eaten any chocolate for six hours.
Is man really the pinnacle of Creation, or just a freak of nature?
I was just asking myself these many questions when Tom came to see me.
Tom ran without thinking, without knowing where.
A group of students built an orthopaedic hand using a 3-D printer.
When are you going to work?
Done?
Sorted?
He smoked.
I heard.
A butterfly!
I can.
Is she breathing?
I've oiled the bicycle.
She's just left.
She and her married.
"Why do the Japanese have to learn English? Foreigners should kindly learn Japanese!" "You're right!"
"Mary wanted to help me, but she just stood there the whole time ordering me around," complained Tom.
There's no causal connection.
I've done that a few times.
An old acquaintance sent me a letter.
Tom, won't you keep quiet for at least ten seconds?
I think that's an interesting profession.
Tom preferred to walk ten kilometres than pay money for a bus ticket.
We have two dogs, one white and one black.
She was ill for three weeks.
Have you planted pumpkins?
Mr Brown was ill back then.
Hopefully we will never forget that we're siblings.
They went an hour ago.
He's the cleverer of the two.
My love, I intend to look up a restaurant, in case the meal isn't ready by seven.
So, I still need a happy ending!
Mary always has well-manicured fingernails.
She'll paint the fence tomorrow.
I want to stay longer.
Why are you apologizing?
This is simply a lie!
Do many of you have summer vacation now ?
The first, the most usual phrase that you use and certainly use is "I don't know"
This video is simply about the second World War in Europe.
I haven't gone to the doctor in over ten years.
I'm very busy so I probably won't be able to come tomorrow.
Hey, what in the world am I going to major in college ?
In the beginning, there was only one language in the Nordic countries, Proto-Norse.
Norway's coast has been inhabited ever since the ice retreated back after the last ice age and created living circumstances for people along the bare and weather-beaten coast with its countless fjords and islands.
I must take advantage to enhance my language ability.
Would you please show your ID?
Just fine.
Norway, located in Northern Europe, is a highly developed country.
I had no idea you knew how to do that.
Don't hesitate to speak just because I am elder.
Which high school are you going to study in?
How long do we have to stay here?
I go to work in the morning for a seven o'clock start.
I'm hungry. I'm going downstairs for something to eat.
To be alone! Three words, easy to say, and yet so hard, so infinitely hard to bear!
I have the feeling that there have been hardly any interesting series lately.
He's interested in Buddhism.
"Mary, my angel, I beseech you, on my knees I beg you: grant me just one wish! Let me wash the car!" "No, that's simply out of the question, Tom, dear. You have to take it easy!"
Tom turned his passion into a career.
We have to go twice anyway.
Who told him? Not you, perhaps?
I don't usually show my feelings.
Stories like that fascinate me.
Why actually do people fret about bad weather?
She blanched at the news.
Because of you, everything went to pot.
Since he died, she is inconsolable.
Ever since he came, everything has changed.
I've loved her since I saw her.
His eating a pizza annoyed his sister.
Eating a pizza, he annoyed his sister.
No, unfortunately; on the contrary.
Mary's life partner is a man of few words.
Mary's partner is a taciturn person.
I'm eager to learn. Tom, teach me!
The average speed of the winds remained constant.
They now face the prospect of having to wear a cycling helmet by law.
The millionaire lived in complete isolation from the outside world.
He embarked on a new career.
He mastered these words through the arduous consultation of the dictionary.
I believe it is a mistake to base our views on broad generalisations about the charateristics of men and women as such stereotypes are often inaccurate.
The past 50 years have seen a dramatic increase in the availability of fast food.
Surprisingly, the most serious consequences of rural depopulation are often felt in urban areas.
She married money.
Let's give it a try!
Let's try and see!
"How come you're already awake, Tom? Usually you're still asleep at this time, so I've been told." "I got up earlier to see you."
As to what happened there, one can only speculate.
We can only guess what happened there.
You crossed over the road.
You crossed the street.
"Did Tom solve the geometry problem?" "He said he didn't manage to. The question was too difficult for him, as well."
Did you really believe that you're the friend for Tom that you see in him?
The colder it got, the more I wanted a jumper.
It's marvellous to listen to a learned person.
After Tom had drunk from her cup, Mary acted as if it had been contaminated for all eternity.
"Has your father remarried by now, or does he have a girlfriend?" "No! I have successfully repelled all contenders! I want mum and dad to get back together!"
Get under my umbrella.
In the evening he met Minda in the park.
This soup is somehow bland. Maybe add more salt...?
No, I'm going to meet Vera Velikonskaja here!
Do you know this soldier?
Do you know these soldiers?
Can you describe this German?
Can you describe these Germans?
Can you call the writer?
Can you call some writers?
play the hero
We honor heroes.
They have played heroines.
We will hire a new director.
The president will appoint new directors.
Don't underestimate female directors.
She awarded the poet.
He awarded the poetess.
We value poets.
Do you know any poetesses?
Do you know your neighbor?
Do you know your neighbors?
You can deceive a fool.
You can deceive fools.
Who doesn't love the King of Spain?
Do you know any kings?
Kiss the queen!
Do you know any queens?
The students loved their teacher.
The students loved their teachers.
They hired a teacher.
They hired several new teachers.
What concerns the citizen of today?
What concerns the citizens of today?
She selected an artist.
Which artists do you love most?
They selected an artist to paint the wall.
They selected the world's best artists to paint the wall.
The teacher teaches the student.
The teacher teaches the students.
A Nazi killed a Jew.
The Nazis killed Jews.
Observe the master.
Observe the masters.
Watch the employee.
Watch the employees.
He studied the czar.
He studied the czarina.
He studied the czars.
He studied the czarinas.
The fire burned the resident.
The fire burned the residents.
Kill the enemy.
Kill your enemies.
Do you have a guest?
Do you have guests?
She congratulated the new lieutenant.
She thanked the lieutenants.
Do you know the president?
Do you know the American presidents?
She suspended the officer.
He shot the officers.
Respect the colonel.
Respect the colonels.
Include the chairman.
Include the chairmen.
He dragged the creature.
He dragged the creatures.
Hire the engineer.
Hire some engineers.
I want to ask a doctor.
Ask your doctors.
He saw a physician.
He saw several physicians.
Pay the secretary.
Pay your secretaries.
It's all fake news.
Let's help each other!
Anyone can offend Mary, but not everyone will be able to escape.
Greta downed the beer in one gulp.
Time probably didn't permit the taking of a pretty picture with vivid colours.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Life is too short for men to take it seriously.
Do not try to live forever. You will not succeed.
Sami called Layla on her cellphone.
Sami needs to take a break.
Sami needs a break.
Sami can't hurt Layla anymore.
Sami really likes it here.
Sami will never leave Layla.
Sami is deeply in love with Layla.
Sami felt very safe in Cairo.
Sami wanted to end his relationship with Layla.
Sami killed Layla's daughter.
Everybody was Sami's best friend.
Sami kept hearing those voices.
This was Sami's home.
Sami had a gun in his hand.
Sami saw Layla with Farid.
Sami saw Layla fall to the ground.
There is a killer among us.
Sami loved living in Cairo.
It's safe here in Cairo.
Sami stayed out of trouble.
Sami didn't want to leave any witnesses.
Sami looked but he didn't see Layla.
What Sami saw was shocking.
Sami heard four distinct gunshots.
Sami took the bike and biked away.
Sami came to check on Layla's dog.
Sami didn't even look at Layla.
Sami began to notice strange things.
Sami sometimes carried a handgun.
Sami was dangerous to himself.
Sami spent a few months behind bars.
Sami spent months in a halfway house.
Sami owned a small farm in Egypt.
Sami was Layla's next door neighbor.
I recoiled in disgust.
Sami and Layla were drawn to each other.
Sami and Layla started dating very quickly.
Sami invited Layla to come and live in Cairo.
Everyone knew Sami.
Everyone knew Sami's family.
Sami and Layla knew each other for about a year.
Sami's house has a beautiful garden.
Sami and Layla were a very attractive couple.
Sami was in the van.
Sami and Layla were swingers.
Sami and Layla were a picture of perfection.
No one could have predicted this.
Open this present first.
Open my present first.
This is a Chistmas tree ornament.
"Do you know know this is?" "No." "It's a discarded condom."
Sami baked some cookies.
Layla wore a black dress.
Sami was very dominant.
Sami and Layla argued in the store in front of everybody.
Sami has just moved back to Cairo.
Sami was starting to regret the damage he had done to his marriage.
Sami's house has been broken into.
Is somebody in the house?
Sami strangled Layla while she was gurgling.
Sami has made a mess.
You have chosen the wrong guy to mess with.
Sami wanted his things back.
Sami wasn't allowed to come near Layla's house.
Layla has no income and must rely on Sami.
Sami is acting real strange.
Divorce is stressful.
Never mess with a guy like Sami. He's completely unpredictable.
Sami had a strong personality.
Sami had a dominant personality.
Layla wanted to be a mom.
Sami refused to pay Layla the full allowance.
Sami had no other income.
Sami struggled to pay the bills.
Can I, please, explain?
Sami will pay this or he will go to jail.
How do you sleep at night?
Sami can't pay money he doesn't have.
Sami was looking for a new girlfriend.
Sami and Layla went to a restaurant.
Sami and Layla have never been to that restaurant.
Sami was going through a divorce.
Sami has been following Layla.
Don't talk to me. Talk to my lawyer.
Sami got enraged.
You can't imagine how hard it was for Sami.
I strive not to make sudden movements.
Have we been to Paris?
Tatoeba should not admit as collaborators those who only wish to denigrate its image and demean its activity.
This clothing is my coworker's, not mine.
Is this your friend's car?
This is your friend's car?
This car is your friend's?
Tom, this is your car?
This isn't my car, that's my car.
Time is the devourer of things.
It seems to me that you've won.
I'll write you when I arrive.
Homer was blind, it is said.
Death is common to every age.
This is what had to be done.
Mary was curious, and with good reason.
I suggest replacing the full stop with an exclamation mark.
I saw a huge dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
Mary's house lay hidden in a small wood.
How can you, a mere mortal, dare to criticise Tom?
"The sentence has got too long again." "Then just take out a few of the subordinate clauses."
I'm beginning to no longer understand you.
Tom had been on his best behaviour. Mary's parents were taken with him.
"Have you revealed my secret to Tom?" "For God's sake, of course not!"
She doesn't stop calling me and sending me messages.
She can ski just as well as her brother.
I believe our imagination isn't quite adequate to picture it.
The error is still there. Is there still no chance of removing it?
Do you regret having had your hair cut?
Tom, please come in my office when you are finished. I must tell you something important.
"Alright, lights off, I'm going to sleep. Good night, Tom! Sweet dreams!" - "Thanks, Maria! You too!"
How dare you, a mere mortal, criticise Tom?
How dare you, a mere mortal, presume to criticise Tom?
It would be misleading to say that I hate the British. I do. But it would be more accurate to say that I hate humans. Some of my best friends are humans, and I'm a human myself, but I can honestly say that humans are scum. Humans really need to get their shit together.
Nature seems peaceful, but it is actually a perpetual bloodbath of animals dying in horrific ways.
She herself knew that it would be very difficult to carry out this task.
She came on Monday and left again the next day.
If you call now and order immediately, you'll get double our shoddy rubbish for the same price!
Look up at the sky, and number the stars if you can.
He who asks timidly invites a refusal.
The ones who come late get the bones.
Happy is he who was able to learn the causes of things.
I love you more than my eyes.
If you do this, you're mistaken.
We are ready to defend the country.
I want you to be honest.
The mother gives her son an apple.
I think, therefore God exists.
I'll send you a letter.
I'll come to you tomorrow.
Laws ought to be fair.
I hoped you could do this.
I hear you speaking.
The king granted freedom to the prisoners.
I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible.
The mother loves her children.
The children are loved by their mother.
You're in Berlin.
He is in Berlin.
She is in Berlin.
It is in Berlin.
I am in Berlin.
Are they in Berlin?
Am I in Paris?
Are we in Berlin?
Is he in Berlin?
Is she in Berlin?
Tatoeba is back, but not everything will be working perfectly.
Actions are to be judged by their intentions.
Tom is a fool. You shouldn't take him so seriously!
The horses ran so fast that, now and then, the carriage lifted off the ground. Even so, we failed to shake off the pursuing werewolf.
I'd better not use the argument "Duden recommends" - it could indeed be used against me.
He broke this vase on purpose.
It's hard to believe how polite Tom and John are being to each other all of a sudden. What's that all about?
How much longer do you want to sleep? It's already eleven!
A fox and a bear lived together.
That's a very delicate subject.
Mary only washes in spring water.
Monolingualism means impoverishment.
Tom asked Mary to wave to him from the balcony.
I myself do not understand how it happened.
He learned English perfectly well, lying on the sofa and drinking beer.
Everything happened by accident.
Tom is on the wrong side of history.
Tom was born in the wrong century.
She works in middle management.
His poor reading ability impedes his progress in the class.
A stalled car impedes traffic in the left lane.
Tom is serving as interim director.
In the interim, please send all communications to Tom.
Tom is a respected educational psychologist.
She lives in an A-frame house in the mountains.
His sentence was reduced because there were mitigating circumstances.
The counselor suggested a cooling-off period before making a final decision about the relationship.
The series will be televised beginning in November.
We are celebrating our silver wedding anniversary this year.
The congressional staffer who leaked classified documents has been arrested.
School closures due to inclement weather will necessitate extending the school year by three days.
Tom owns an excavating company.
My mother-in-law lives in a retirement community.
Tom was charged with disorderly conduct.
She discovered there were no eggs for the recipe, necessitating a quick run to the grocery store.
The company is working on diversification of its products.
People were shocked when he cited a supermarket tabloid as a reputable newspaper.
I like this girl.
City planners hope that new businesses will revitalize the downtown area.
My brother lives near Vilnius.
The army's leaders are preparing for a major mobilization.
Only those with security clearance are allowed past this point.
The process of getting his security clearance took several months.
Mary is a retiree.
Tom is a physician's assistant.
It will be over before you know it.
Wishful thinking will not change anything.
Here everything has changed so much.
This looks like an enchanted forest.
He has some cognitive impairment.
Mary is a pensioner.
A rich and stimulating environment is important for a child's cognitive development.
He had the presence of mind to get the car's license number.
Tom was not in compliance with his doctor's orders.
I can envision a time when this will be very relevant.
Tom snorted when I told him how much I paid for it.
I do not have access to his safety deposit box.
I found it cathartic to burn Tom's old letters.
The mentally handicapped are more vulnerable to abuse than the general population.
It was deafeningly loud in the disco.
Someone took my stuff.
Their journey was silent, but for the hum of the engine, the hiss of the rain and the rhythmic squeaking of the windshield wipers.
These objects are very useful.
I borrowed them from the town library.
You don't even know his name, right?
Are you thinking of anything in particular?
The two of us are so different.
Are you thinking about something in particular?
His stepmother is my sister-in-law.
You don't even know his name, do you?
She came on Monday, and left again the following day.
I wonder whose scissors these are.
George married my brother.
He married my brother.
She married my sister.
Older children tend to be less jealous than their younger sibling.
Sami was often absent.
I love my sibling.
This is my sibling.
Sami only had Layla to rely on.
My sibling often cries.
My brother often cries.
Where is your sibling?
My sibling hates me.
She respects her only sibling.
He respects his only sibling.
Someone's in our garage.
Somebody is in our garage.
They also invited Snow White's godless stepmother.
Thanks for the answer.
Do you regularly read the Bible?
Do you want apple or peach?
Don't judge someone by their appearance.
I await an answer from you.
She showed me some letters that she had received from her fans.
Tom's grandchildren were playing with the nativity set figures.
Being a loner requires inner struggle with yourself.
On the first page of the second chapter there are many new words.
I had three girlfriends: the first was a blonde, the second a brunette, and the third a redhead.
I like to walk alone.
I never remember feeling tired by work, though idleness exhausts me completely.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
The financial crisis has arrived in Brazil.
I like several games.
From a drop of water a logician could predict an Atlantic or a Niagara.
It seems that the rainy season is finally over.
It's just started raining.
It took a long time for me to get used to the noise.
My T-shirt shrank because I washed it.
Why did your T-shirt shrink?
Is there any way you can un-shrink a T-shirt that has shrunk?
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
We can play as Bayonetta in Super Smash Bros. 4 now.
One never learns from history.
The valley of the Colosseum is enclosed by a number of hills.
That old maid can milk all the cows up at the pasture.
I gave him two pounds.
Lucario is a creature in the Pokmon series.
A litte drop of oil and a little bit of bread.
No, it wasn't you I was talking to.
Do not argue with him.
Many restaurants do not open on Christmas Eve.
Christmas Eve is usually quieter than other days.
I hope I did not mix anything up.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil.
Is that material good?
They will never accept. It's too far.
I don't know any of you.
We can only hope the government decides to withdraw its troops.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
The higher the price of things, the less valued the individual himself.
She went skiing.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
We can't stay for lunch.
They're really gifted.
Everyone was given enough food and clothing.
Everyone has received a sufficient amount of food and clothing.
I'm always cautious.
He failed the exam due to a lack of preparation.
I'm waiting at home.
I'm in the house, waiting.
You're going to be a mother.
Are you leaving tomorrow?
Will you leave tomorrow?
Are you going to leave tomorrow?
He's very cross.
Fortunately I'm working a little bit longer.
My mother-in-law lives in an old people's home.
You misunderstand me!
Tom likes neither beer nor wine.
The picture is askew.
She wore neither shoes nor stockings.
I can neither write nor read.
I can't write, and I can't read either.
Is that correct, sir?
Is that correct, ma'am?
I wish somebody would help me do that.
I wish someone would help me do that.
I plan on going there.
I plan on skipping lunch.
We plan on staying a week.
He is a military policeman stationed in Texas.
Test examining is a very restrictive practice.
That off color sentence was real conversation stopper.
The largest flow of immigrants came from and belonged to the Scandinavian branch of the Germanic people group.
Workers build the houses all day long.
I've been there before, so I can show you the way.
I can show you the way because I've been there before.
After he had a talk with friends, he felt much better.
When I traveled to the city, I often visited the museums.
When I was a kid, I liked to read fairy tales.
Wherever he is, we shall find him.
We must work hard to finish this task before Friday.
Although we worked hard, we do not get good results.
Everybody knows that Cold War is the confrontation between two nations.
Yes, people usually curse at someone you are acquainted with.
She hasn't stopped calling me and sending me messages.
This dish is best eaten cold.
This dessert must be served cold.
You wouldn't want to drink the soup cold.
My country is the whole world.
The whole city was deprived of water.
Capital is dead.
Would you like to have oysters, or do you prefer mussels?
What was first, the chicken or the egg?
My daughter goes to school.
The snake swallowed the dog whole.
My head hurts, and so do my arms, legs... in fact, my whole body.
Water devastated the whole city.
I traveled all through the United States.
Use all your strength.
Italy is a large open-air museum.
A kiss to you !
Tom's biography is that of an honest Soviet worker.
My grandfather is a tireless worker.
Have you ever experienced something really strange which you cant really explain and which, when you really think about it without ignoring it, it actually makes you very frightened.
The whole city was devastated by water.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
I was a German guy in Russia and now I'm a Russian in Germany.
How many teeth does a horse have?
How many teeth does a cow have?
They washed their hands.
A stay in hospital is not very nice.
A hospital stay isn't very enjoyable.
It's cold, but not as cold as forecast.
It's cold, but not as cold as they said it would be.
I'd like to know where Tom comes from.
It's cold, and I'm thirsty.
He bought himself a snowmobile.
You're such a wimp.
Clearly, plesiosaurs could swim.
The parrot escaped from its cage.
I learned about amphibians at school.
Let life be as beautiful as summer flowers, and death as beautiful as autumn leaves.
The parrot escaped from the cage.
If any thing is sacred, the human body is sacred.
Simplicity is the glory of expression.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
The young are permanently in a state resembling intoxication.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
To die, and thus avoid poverty or love, or anything painful, is not the part of a brave man, but rather of a coward; for it is cowardice to avoid trouble, and the suicide does not undergo death because it is honorable, but in order to avoid evil.
I'm going to get my house a fresh coat of paint.
I am learning Norwegian.
Is there something cold to drink?
The library is next to the bus stop.
Are you off tonight?
What kinds of job are you looking for?
And where's my camera?
Do I really have to go to bed?
While Islam remains not reformed, we neither can nor want to accept it in Europe.
Tom had to put on weight for the role.
Flow my tears, the policeman said.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.
We must no more ask whether the soul and body are one than ask whether the wax and the figure impressed on it are one.
He who hath many friends hath none.
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
I live in an apartment in the city.
We all speak Taiwanese at home.
I used to want to die.
You have few books.
Mary did not understand the question.
That is not even a problem.
Tom will become a biologist.
We worked like ants.
He is no good at math.
He is not good at mathematics.
Duty above all.
I know that girl's name.
She speaks quite fast.
Everyone knew that he was a bookworm.
I didn't write the letter.
He's reading a newspaper.
Speak before it's too late.
You are getting on my nerves.
Which bus goes to the station?
Thanks for the tickets!
I'm happy!
February is the second month of the year.
I do not need a lawyer.
When will you go to Japan?
I don't know, I never asked him about that.
How much do the trousers cost?
I am not an analphabet.
He plays tennis daily.
She plays tennis daily.
That person is drunk.
My office is in the city centre.
Help me understand!
Homer is a Greek epic poet.
I want to become a mechanic.
We love those who love us.
Ken is tall, just like Bill.
Tom wants to play billiards.
I hadn't seen that.
Mary forgot her umbrella.
Send for the doctor!
Who is your professor?
This is truly shocking.
You drive like a maniac!
You drive like a madman!
This is a very good phrase.
It seemed like everybody had something special to offer
She has good taste.
John wants to play chess.
You mean to say that the heat does not prevent you from playing football, but that it does prevent you from working?
If we don't know, it is fitting that we ask people who know.
I do not like green tea.
I cannot drink tea without sugar.
Greece is a beautiful country.
How's the weather in Thessaloniki?
What had I asked?
I like confectionery.
I do not believe it.
But I was determined to find something of vakue
I do not believe in that.
It seemed like the whole school raised their hand to bid
You compose because you want to somehow summarize in some permanent form your most basic feelings about being alive, to set down... some sort of permanent statement about the way it feels to live now, today.
I don't compose. I assemble materials.
If you want to know about the Sixties, play the music of The Beatles.
My uncle plays the guitar.
I do not know where Mary lives.
She's afraid of going abroad.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not strong enough to call forth its riches; for the Creator, there is no poverty.
Tom has a lot of work.
What do I hear?
What am I listening to?
I haven't lost the game just yet.
Where is your newspaper?
Do what you can!
He needs a lot of water.
She needs a lot of water.
I do not like that thought.
Do you like my new hat?
I forgot something in the room.
Which book is yours: this one or that one?
Which animal is large?
Tom must stay.
I cannot leave.
Perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave.
He's always smoking.
Yesterday I was sick.
She was the last customer.
I remember the man's face, but forgot his name.
He has knowledge and experience.
They have a horse.
A miracle!
I am too alone in the world, and yet not alone enough to sanctify every hour...
The work of the eyes is done. Go now and do the heart-work on the images imprisoned within you.
Spring has returned. The Earth is like a child that knows poems.
I love Polish!
After the Arab Spring came the winter, but the snow hasn't covered the ruins.
The Arab Spring was not a mistake but an intentional mistake.
There are times when a rose is more important than a piece of bread.
How to stop procrastinating?
Yesterday morning.
It's really disturbing for not having Wi-Fi in the mountains.
You need to change your life.
There are quantities of human beings, but there are many more faces, for each person has several.
We never experience our lives more intensely than in great love and deep sorrow.
I'm used to being up until late.
Your school is great, since it reimburses you for the return tickets.
Flour is one of those products that should always be in the kitchen.
You wouldn't have guessed in a lifetime.
We even have colour television.
My brother-in-law was of a different opinion.
The paddle steamer is just leaving port.
Desktop publishing programs are created especially for this purpose.
When you think of me, remember the time when you most possessed me.
For we are but the shell and the leaf: the great death which each man has in himself, that is the fruit around which everything revolves.
Did you try the rice?
He wrote a letter while listening to music.
Of course, plesiosaurs were able to swim.
Would it be possible for us to see further than our knowledge reaches, perhaps we would endure our sadness with greater confidence than our pleasures.
Basically, distance is not an obstacle (on the other hand, how often proximity is one) to reach.
For one human being to love another, that is perhaps the most difficult of all tasks that has been given to us, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
The twelve signs of the zodiac correspond to twelve constellations.
Who knows who I am? I'm constantly changing.
No barbecues here.
Let's unite to eliminate those with no time or money for travel.
To love is to be alone.
Our greatest fears are the dragons that keep our deepest treasures.
Being alone is above all just a kind of mental plaster cast, in which something heals.
To be loved is to be consumed. To love is to give light with inexhaustible oil. To be loved is to stop existing, to love is to endure.
Everyone will die one day.
Poetry is the expression of truth in metaphorical language.
Never forget, life is a glory!
Love is like the measles. The older you get it, the worse the attack.
A good marriage is that in which each appoints the other guardian of his solitude.
You speak so loudly I can even hear you on the first floor.
I want a bottle of ice water.
Could you bring another bottle of water?
Where is Taiping road?
It's a little small.
It's a little big.
I wear a size 37.
Could I try this on?
Tom is more stupid than you think.
Examples are needed.
What did you ask God?
What are you asking God?
Did you return the car that you bought?
Tom is knowledgeable about so many old languages that, sent back in time, he'd have no trouble communicating.
I thought this was a wasp and that was a bee.
This sweater is too tight for me.
Some stupid series was on TV.
The wardrobe stood to the left of the door.
We must accept our existence as far as possible.
For the woman the child is a completion, and a liberation from all strangeness and insecurity: it is also, mentally, a sign of maturity.
Winter has come.
I have never made a mistake.
Do not make your ideas and thoughts your prison.
"What are you doing in Sami's car?" "I'm his wife."
What did you say you were again?
Layla's love of her life was a married man.
Do not give up so quickly. Some of the doors, which you think are closed, are just a little jammed.
Do you know who won the last Nobel Prize in Literature?
Are you learning German?
The country is unique, magnificent and gigantic!
I repeat it for you once and for all!
I think he is intelligent because he is learning German.
Souls never meet each other by chance.
Communication is the most important aspect of a language.
Learn to show the beloved object through the rays of your feeling rather than consume it!
I will feign indifference.
Indifference is the mildest form of intolerance.
Indifference is like the ice on the poles: it kills everything.
The best revenge is indifference, contempt.
The more love you give, the more you get.
The flood waters have finally receded.
Do you want cheese?
The price is very cheap.
I hope that it goes well for you and that you benefit from the sun.
The country is unique, grand and gigantic!
Maria goes with her sister to the movies.
What did you tell there?
Many thanks for organizing this really wonderful trip.
Germany is the country I like.
I can't eat cheese.
Come quickly!! The train leaves in ten minutes.
I find that he is intelligent because he is learning German.
Tom is stupider than you think.
I do not understand everything, but it seems to me interesting.
Why do you learn German?
It would be a pity if the devil would take you away.
I will repeat it for you once and for all.
Would you like to see a movie or watch TV at home?
Where is the light switch?
In the park he slept on a bench.
She recognized immediately the voice of the young man that she had called.
Fame is the sum of all misunderstandings that gather around a name.
He was seen in Santiago and elsewhere.
I closed my eyes and wished to be somewhere else.
It is very difficult to find happiness in us, and it is quite impossible to find it elsewhere.
Is not a helping life ten times magnified?
A beautiful gull flies over the sea.
That something is difficult must be a reason more to do it.
There is no worse prison than the fear of hurting a loved one.
Where can I find a newspaper, please?
Now the child has already fallen in the fountain.
At what time will you come back?
The cheese isn't cheap; it's expensive.
May your coffee be strong today and your Monday be short.
If you give up today, you'll never know if you would have succeeded tomorrow.
The truth is also a lie.
Is that good news or bad news?
It's hard to believe, but true: Tom has a girlfriend, and she is really pretty too.
All people smile in the same language.
To produce a good book, the eraser is often more important than the pencil.
His absence was very pleasant for me.
Help those who cannot help themselves.
Tom ended his friendship with Maria.
You ask me, child, what love is? A star in a pile of dung.
The paint peeled off.
The boy came home.
The conscience is a wound that never heals and no one dies of.
Seals are clumsy and awkward on land, but very graceful in the water.
Don't say such a thing behind her back!
You should have seen the fabric with your own eyes.
The play pleased the audience.
When I was little I accidentally stepped on an earthworm.
We have no reason to be suspicious of our world, for it is not against us.
What are you doing here? Why aren't you at home?
I completely forgot to take my tablets today. No wonder I feel so bad!
You felt excluded.
If something good happens, take a trip to celebrate. If something bad happens, take a trip to forget. If nothing happens, take a trip to make something happen.
Intellect is no great help in counteracting feelings of guilt, which originate in the heart.
In short, cats are cats and their world is that of cats, from one end to the other.
So much iron is heated that it reddens.
Conscience is a wound that never heals and from which no one dies.
Practice is the best teacher.
Who is the best of the English poets?
Peace is better than war.
This book is better than that one.
Thanks for thinking of me.
I'm a Berliner.
He's inside.
I'm studying grammar.
God doesn't need anything.
God needs nothing.
To whom?
They approved.
Someone's doing that.
Everyone sees that.
Let's watch the film.
All the students burst into laughter.
Everyone needs Latin.
Where do you teach?
Looking directly at the sun without adequate eye protection can very seriously damage the eyes or even cause blindness.
Some people buy eclipse glasses that filter out all harmful ultraviolet and infrared light, as well as the majority of intense visible light. The safest way to view an eclipse, however, is to project its image through a pinhole made in a card onto another piece of white card.
Although the solar eclipse will be total, lasting about two minutes, in a narrow path across North America that includes Nashville and Charleston, for people in Portland and Chicago, for example, the eclipse will only be partial.
Tom came alone, without Mary.
I'm not on the list.
I don't have any friends to help me.
I don't have any small change on me.
Have you been married for a long time?
The motorcycle hit the telegraph pole.
How many foreign languages do you know?
Can you speak more than three languages?
Mary made an indignant noise and turned away from Tom in a huff.
Mary gave utterance to her outrage and turned away from Tom, offended.
I wish somebody would help me with that.
The ant was red.
There are no badgers in this forest.
Which languages are in demand in your country?
I asked him whether I could read it.
She looked at the watches.
A still life by a Dutch painter hangs in his room.
A rowboat tows a mooring line which in turn would be tied to hawser.
Do not be cheeky!
I do not know what to do in such cases.
This is all very approximate.
They are not as many as one might think.
What has gotten into you?
It was a lot of money for those times.
I do not know how much it can cost now.
Won't it be too little?
Won't it be too much?
Why are you spying on us?
She was enrolled at the last moment.
Did you see well?
Her name is not on the lists.
What a pity that then we did not understand this.
I'm throwing in the towel.
After the fifth day I feel like a living dead.
I do not understand your English.
We live in a world of total falsehood.
You should handle the weapon as if it's loaded, although it's not.
God created the devil.
I called Tom and told him about my problem.
Bird excrement is an excellent fertilizer.
There are many things we do not know, but we think we know everything.
How long will it take for you to prepare the sandwiches?
The meniscus is not a bone. It is a cartilage, a flexible, elastic tissue.
Although Tom is a linguist, he does not speak any foreign language.
When I close my eyes, I imagine that I am a bird and can fly.
This is apparently a good proposal.
Do you know who invented the pasteurized milk?
I do not understand the sentence.
Where did you put the bottles?
On Sunday we voted.
Slowly his eyes got used to the dark.
We need to build an app.
Mary does not know what's waiting for her.
Mary does not know what will happen to her.
I need him as much as a fish needs an umbrella.
"Why did'nt you tell me anything?" "I didn't want to upset you."
I have a headache. I was too long today in the sun.
After a long journey we finally arrived.
The aluminum castings must be brushed again.
Welcome to Aracaju.
Attention. Slow down. Dangerous turn at 200 meters.
You yourself need to be treated!
He gives the thing to his boss.
Don't be cheeky!
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.
The smaller and cowardly the dog, the angrier it barks.
Stop smoking!
I realize that it is easier to write than to speak.
Deep laughter brings tears.
Even though Tom is a linguist he does not speak any foreign languages.
I don't know this woman.
I don't know this man.
I like boxing.
My father told an old story.
He is coming back directly from South America.
Actually I promised someone.
This bus runs from the city center to the train station.
I don't understand the sentence.
Life and a cat, that gives an incredible sum.
Tom likes only beautiful girls.
We had a beautiful time.
Should we delete that sentence? I think it would be convenient.
You don't need much to be blissfully happy.
Your jumper is more colourful than mine.
There you can find information about a lot of magazines.
At this moment I can't find the appropriate words.
He considers himself ill.
He is considered sick.
I'm not leaving until tomorrow.
It must have been very uncomfortable for you.
It's better not to speak.
What is your sister like?
The middle course is the safest.
What does your father like?
Her father's wish that she should stay away from Tom, and the threat of disinheriting her in the event of the disregard of this desire, left Maria unimpressed. Now she on purpose met with Tom, as often as she could.
Every little house has its own little cross.
Even though Tom is a linguist, he does not speak any foreign languages.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is it. It is exactly the time that we have all been waiting for.
When I close my eyes I imagine I am a bird and can fly.
The instruction manual describes all the particulars of the camera.
We often need someone smaller than ourselves.
Her laughter is an authentic expression of the joy of living.
I would like to emphasize this.
So you can express it.
What do you mean by this expression?
A metaphor is a pictorial expression.
The meaning of this expression is clear.
I use this expression very rarely.
The term is not commonly used.
What do you want to express by this wording?
Silence is the most perfect expression of contempt.
I am handsome.
Hello, Hanako.
I speak Hungarian.
Help us!
They will need to rest.
The rhinoceros is very big.
You should have chosen more polite words.
Be at ease, they wont find us down here.
Hawaii is a volcanic archipelago in the Pacific Ocean.
If I have to listen to Mary's twaddle any further, I'll get mad.
He is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
If you were my friend, I would be happy.
"Could you write Mary, not me, a love poem?" "But you are the one I love!"
The moon is shining very beautifully.
Tom appeared accompanied by an old woman. Laila and Maria whispered, "Is that his grandmother?" "That must be his new flame!" Both of them giggled scornfully.
He obligates the rest of his time to his lifelong dream.
I would not do that because it depletes the battery.
I can speak at an advanced level even though I write poorly.
I have a digital recording of the train station in India.
This camera can take a digital recording for you.
I don't like the sound the pigs make when they snort.
Batman has the best grappling hook.
That is marginally unimportant.
"Is German hard to learn  harder than other languages?" "No, I wouldn't say that. It seemed to me easier than Russian, but more difficult than English."
Everything is fine until they open Pandora's box.
I only use all-purpose flour for my bread.
The invention will revolutionize our transportation.
The sag of that bag makes it unappealing to wear.
I can engrave that on a ring.
He engraves the solider's name in fine marble to honor him.
Stretching out the rubber band will elongate it considerably.
"German language  difficult language", the Germans like to say, but actually German is not so difficult.
Sanitation is important in the city.
Let us go to DC to see the national monument!
Water is engulfing that island little by little every year.
We need to centralize the powers to create a better way of life.
When a plane refuels, it usually needs to be on the ground.
They have a family.
The scientists want a lot of data.
Tom drank whiskey as if it were water.
My father is bigger and stronger than yours.
Swimming is a pastime for me.
You should have been here.
Waiting a long time for a friend annoys me.
It does my head in, waiting a long time for a friend.
I am supposed to be here all afternoon.
You can add sesame seed oil or some seasoning.
Who am I? I want to give you a small tip. I'm not like other girls. I'm a little bit different!
The warriors fought valiantly, but the defeat was inevitable.
Your brother bought a pink truck last week.
They explained it to me many times, but I never understood.
I arrived to the party, but as soon as I finished the meal, I left.
I gave it to him, but he didn't like it so he sold it.
There was no one in that room when I went.
Yesterday, my father and I visited Mary.
Dancing is smiling with the whole body!
There is nothing to say about these photos.
I saw the picture of the fish you caught.
Whenever something disappears from your life, it is only a sign that something better is on the road.
At the time of her death, she suffers agony.
My cousin has curly blonde hair.
There wasn't any water in the well.
There's nowhere else to park.
There isn't any need to speak so loud.
There's no milk in the glass.
There's someone coming up the stairs.
None of us has brothers.
None of us have brothers.
What are your parents' names?
Tom fell asleep at the movies.
Do you know all the letters?
This question can be answered by everyone.
Do not give the children any cold milk!
I do not know anyone from the German delegation.
Which of your brothers is the oldest?
It is much easier to identify and label the mistakes of others than to recognize our own.
When will the war be over?
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youre in a better frame of mind.
After the battle, my character earned 45 experience points.
After the battle, my character earned 45 XP.
I have enough experience points to level up.
Tom landed a critical hit on the monster.
If one of your party members dies, cast a spell of resurrection on them.
To form a balanced party, we'll need a knight, a healer, a rogue and a wizard.
I prefer JRPGs over WRPGs.
If you are encountering a large group of enemies, use an area-of-effect spell like Fireball.
To find out the werewolf's weakness, look up his entry in the Bestiary.
Mary cast buffs before entering the fight.
The developers have nerfed the Ice Sword. It does less damage now.
Fighting the Great Dragon is very difficult as its claws have massive hitboxes.
It's a very buggy game, so expect to clip through the walls and fall through the floor.
The developers have fixed a game-breaking bug in the latest patch.
Tom's game is in development for PC, PS4 and Switch.
Mary expects to release her game in Q2 2018.
The game's debut trailer was released at E3 2017.
Tom prefers to watch gameplay trailers over CG trailers. He says they're more authentic.
Critics praised the game's graphics and storyline, but criticised its gameplay mechanics.
Now installing game data. Do not turn the system off.
I had to format my hard drive, but forgot to back up my saves. As a result, I lost all my progress.
To find the harpies' nest, follow the trail on the mini-map.
To initiate the quest, first go to the tavern and talk to the quest-giver.
Tom took a lot of damage in the boss battle, but Mary kept healing him in time.
This is a very lengthy dungeon, so it will take a while to clear it.
Mary got fed up with the random encounters in the game.
She sings in the choir.
Mary killed an important NPC and as a result, broke the game.
The next dungeon is hard, but it's got very valuable loot.
Tom found his axe in a loot drop.
The red-eyed knight is an optional enemy, but I recommend killing him to get his sword.
You can only find dragon scales as a loot drop by killing dragons.
My inventory was full, so I asked Tom to hold on to the shield I found.
In this game, bonfires serve as checkpoints.
If you die, you will be resurrected at the last checkpoint you passed.
He sat on a chair.
If you are fighting fire elementals, use water-based attacks. They're more effective.
The enemy mage cast a debuff on Tom.
You can move as far as six tiles in a single turn.
Don't bother buying that armour set; you can craft it yourself if you have the right materials.
If you don't kill this mini-boss now, she will return in a different boss fight later in the game.
He sat on the chair.
A big ship needs a big sea.
It took Tom three hours to clear that dungeon.
To board the airship, press A.
This is the weakest class in the game.
The Commoner class starts with no bonuses at the start of the game.
Personally, I think the Emerald Knight class has the best starting gear.
The Dire Wolf enemy type is really just the same as the Wolf, but with higher stats and a different skin.
Remember to press the dodge button immediately after the dragon opens its mouth.
To beat the boss, Tom had to clear a very frustrating quick-time event.
Where is the nearest save point?
You can't open the menu while you're in a cutscene.
This isn't a cutscene, it's actually an FMV.
Mary executed a perfectly-timed combo.
Mountains like frozen wrinkles on a sea.
You should try the triangle-triangle-square combo, it can break the enemy's guard.
I recommend buying what you can from this merchant right now. She will disappear after the next main quest.
In my opinion, Anna had the best companion quest, followed by Drake.
Tom wrote a walkthrough for his favourite game.
To trigger the 'Collecting Pelts II' side-quest, you first need to finish the 'Collecting Pelts' side-quest.
This helm does not have very high protection, but it does have cool stat bonuses.
If you equip an item marked 'Cursed', you will gain the 'cursed' status effect.
A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor.
Tom forgot the equip fire-resistant armour before going up against the dragon.
This boss has three stages, so conserve your health.
If one of your party members has low HP, don't heal them. Instead, let them die and then resurrect them.
If one of your party members has low health, don't heal them. Instead, let them die and then resurrect them.
Tom was running out of MP, so he used a mana potion.
Tom was running out of mana, so he used a mana potion.
Mary picked up the piece of bread and became overburdened.
If your character is overburdened, it cannot run or jump.
If your character is overburdened, consider dropping or selling some items from your inventory.
This enemy is too hard, it should be nerfed.
Statistics showed that few players were using the sniper rifle, so the developers reduced its reload time.
If you enable Berserk mode, your character cannot be knocked down or killed.
This mini-game is so good, it should get a standalone version.
This mini-game is terrible and because of it, I can't progress in this game.
In the next update, the developers are going to add to more romance options for the main character.
In his first playthrough, Tom got a bad end.
Mary got the true ending in her very first playthrough.
You must first download the game before you can install it.
To continue, please insert the disc labelled Disc 2.
Would you like to save the game?
This looks like a game-breaking bug. Try reloading your previous save.
My save file got corrupted.
Back when it was still in beta, the game had many glitches and bugs.
This easter egg is a reference to one of the developer's previous games.
Tom deleted Mary's save files.
Tom deleted Mary's saves.
My save got corrupted.
Mary cleared the platforming section with ease.
Tom prefers the Xbox One controller over the DualShock 4.
Thankfully, this game does not have bikini armour.
This game has ridiculous breast physics.
Upon reaching level 20, Mary improved her Strength stat and learnt two new spells.
You can learn new abilities as you progress through the game.
Mary was turned on by the game's boob physics.
Tom installed graphics mods for his game.
Mary doesn't just play Skyrim, she even makes mods for it.
The developer encouraged modders by including modding tools with the game.
The game's latest DLC adds many new items and two new areas.
This DLC is so big, it should really be called an expansion pack.
Mary installed a nude mod for the game.
Using this mod can get you banned from online play. Use it at our own risk!
That mod only works offline. It will have no effect in online multiplayer.
Mary wanted to load an existing save, but she accidentally started a new game.
Mary beat the game and immediately started New Game Plus.
Mary beat the game and immediately started New Game+.
The space capsule made a splashdown in the ocean.
How long is this game?
How many hours does it take to beat this game, excluding side-quests?
Once you start a new game, you will enter the Character Creation screen.
Tom spent an hour creating his character in the game.
In the final section of the level, there are respawning enemies.
In this room, the enemies will keep respawning.
If you flee this battle, you will lose some gold.
That door doesn't open. It's just a texture painted onto the wall.
Before joining a multiplayer server, Tom practiced against bots in singleplayer.
This game is so hard, even the bots are kicking my ass.
The ocean swells like an undulating mirror of the bowl of heaven.
Don't use lightning spells against this enemy or you'll end up healing it.
With 8 GB of RAM, Tom was getting only 35 FPS. With 16 GB of RAM, he started getting 60 FPS.
Tom's game was glitching out: none of the textures would load.
Mary usually hates tsundere characters, but she has a soft spot for Nina.
That looks like a treasure chest, but it's actually a type of monster called a Mimic.
Friendly Fire is enabled on this server, but griefers will get bans.
Friendly Fire is enabled on this server, but griefers will be banned.
Friendly Fire is enabled on this server, but griefers will get the banhammer.
Mary is going for a dexterity-based build, so she's wearing light armour.
I did not understand a word.
Why are all the armour sets in this game so skimpy?
It is very difficult to balance hero-based shooters.
What kind of build are you going for?
Tom loves to walk by the river in Whatstandwell.
Tom spent all his points into the Strength attribute.
If you have high Wisdom, you can unlock new conversation options.
To choose that conversation option, you need a Repair skill of at least 40.
In this game, no matter what nationality you choose for your character, they will still speak in an American accent.
To parry the attack, press the Parry button exactly when your enemy's attack is about to connect.
I love the music in this level.
I prefer indie games over AAA titles.
The Secret of Monkey Island is my favourite point-and-click adventure game.
Ubisoft is pronounced as you-bi-soft, not oo-bi-soft.
Drinking beer will give you combat bonuses, but it will also make your screen blurry.
Shall I tell you what the difference is?
High Speed is a passive ability. That means it's always active, and you won't have to spend any energy on it.
By this point in the game, the smaller health potions are almost useless.
The game's final boss has a very lengthy and drawn-out death animation.
The final boss was a pushover.
This game has no boss fights, but each combat encounter is very difficult nonetheless.
If you finish Mary's companion quest, you will be rewarded with a sex scene.
Completing this quest will net you a ton of experience points and money.
Tom and Mary have been standing in front of the mirror for an hour already.
You're all out of lives! Would you like to retry this level?
This game supports co-op.
This game supports co-op multiplayer.
The character designs in this game have inspired many a hentai artist.
Mary is a hentai artist.
Tom prefers hentai over photographic porn.
This game has a hunger mechanic: if you don't eat often, your character will die.
The India-themed level comes after the Japan-themed level.
This mod will let you play the game at 60 FPS.
What resolution are you playing the game at?
This game supports resolutions of only up to 1920 x 1080 pixels.
This game has no widescreen support.
Mary quicksaves every ten seconds.
Tom accidentally pressed the quickload key instead of the quicksave key.
Do not turn off the system while the auto-save icon is on the screen.
Do not turn off the system while the game is auto-saving.
In this game, female characters wear boob armour.
Mary beat the game at its highest difficulty level.
Mary prefers playing the game on Easy Mode so she can enjoy the story without worrying about the combat.
Everyone wants a healer on the team, but nobody wants to play as a healer.
Tom is a Hanzo main in Overwatch.
You can play PS2 games on a PC using an emulator.
Tom ran the game installer and waited for the game to finish installing.
At this point of time, you need a powerful computer to emulate this game.
Mary bought six games on Steam during the sale.
In this game bundle, you can get games worth $115 for as low as $1.
I've spent 8,500 this month so far.
The novel became a box-office success.
This pen costs 10.
Mary paid the shopkeeper in 100 notes.
There's really no need for Mary's outfit to have a boob window.
There's really no need for Mary's outfit to have a cleavage window.
You can increase or decrease the size of your character's ears by moving the Ear slider to the left or right.
Select your character's race by clicking on the Race drop-down menu.
If you are a beginner, I recommend playing as the Knight class.
Your weapon's durability is very low. You should get it fixed before it breaks.
Mary enjoys bukkake porn.
This is not the best armour in the game, but it's definitely the coolest-looking.
This game won't work with onboard graphics.
You will need a graphics card to play this game.
You will need a video card to play this game.
You will need a graphic card to play this game.
I wanted the EVGA graphics card, but it was too big, so I went with the Zotac model.
Mary has starred in a gokkun porn video.
Tom sometimes makes amateur porn clips.
I hate real-time-with-pause combat in games. Turn-based combat is so much better.
I love the setting of this game, but the story is unremarkable.
This game's setting has been described as cyberpunk, but I disagree.
I don't think this game is cyberpunk so much as it is post-cyberpunk.
This game has a steampunk setting, so expect to wear top hats and smoking jackets.
Mary is the author of a very famous yaoi manga.
Mary has an extensive collection of yuri anime.
Tom has a pegging fetish.
Tom enjoys being pegged.
What's your favourite video game genre?
This quest can have many outcomes, depending on the choices you make.
Mary drew a lot of tentacle porn.
Tom has a small penis humiliation fetish.
Mary sat on Tom's face.
Mary likes futanari porn the best.
Mary likes futa porn the best.
This game has unskippable cutscenes.
You can't skip cutscenes in this game.
Tom didn't have a girlfriend or a boyfriend, but he did have a Fleshlight.
That night, Mary was specifically looking for guro hentai.
I can see why Tom is turned on by vore hentai.
Mary found Tom's pee fetish disgusting.
Airships are a common trope in steampunk works.
When Mary wasn't home, Tom would watch scat porn.
Tom became concerned about Mary's scat fetish.
Mary is a dominatrix.
Tom has a sex dungeon, complete with a functioning sex machine.
Mary prefers flat-chested women.
This outfit is sexy, but unrealistic.
Mary sat on the Sybian.
To get to the next platform, you'll have to double-jump.
It's impossible to get onto that ledge without rocket jumping.
Tom fellated the banana.
Tom wanted Mary to give him head.
Tom told Mary about his rape fantasies.
Tom gifted Mary a vibrator on her birthday.
Mary stuck a dildo up Tom's ass.
Do you prefer games where you can save anywhere you like, or games with checkpoints?
Players using exploits are getting banned.
Tom prefers softcore porn, while Mary prefers hardcore.
If your enemy gets close to you, tap the melee button.
Tom likes Mary, and he would like to see her as often as possible.
She kissed me.
I can not believe that sentence had not yet been added to Tatoeba's corpus.
See what you've done!
Tom has already been to all European capital cities.
I am studying hard German vocabulary.
I am against this trip.
Tom is older than we all.
Tom is the oldest of us.
What is the title of this movie?
After the game is installed, replace the original .exe file with the cracked .exe.
I don't want the full game, I just want the crack for it.
Despite being released with strong DRM, the game got cracked within a week.
Mary's group was the first to crack the game.
To get the best performance out of the game, remember to upgrade your graphics drivers.
The latest Nvidia driver seems to be bricking certain graphics cards. I will hold off on installing it.
My computer crashed while installing the driver and now my hardware is bricked.
Mary rolled back to a previous version of the driver.
Tom accidentally broke off a capacitor on his motherboard.
Tom inserted a memory stick into the RAM slot.
Mary inserted a stick of RAM into the RAM slot.
This is a very old game and its graphics have aged quite a bit.
The gameplay in that game has not aged very well, I wouldn't recommend playing it.
Which of these games do you think has the best graphics?
You will need a powerful computer to be able to run this game.
The 'jump' action in this game is context-sensitive, so you can't jump willy-nilly.
My inventory is almost full.
Tom rearranged the items in his inventory to make more space.
This game has an automatic cover system. Just run up to a suitably high object and your character will take cover behind it automatically.
Press the middle mouse button to lob a grenade. Hold down the middle mouse button to 'cook' the grenade.
Tom is older than the rest of us.
The Texas Instruments TI-99/4A mainly competed with the Commodore VIC-20.
Mary wrote a text adventure game.
Mary designed a text adventure game.
Mary programmed a video game.
The game was mainly developed by Crystal Dynamics while Eidos-Montral handled the multiplayer.
This new game supports couch co-op. You should come play!
This RPG supports both local and online multiplayer.
Mary's latest game is very moving, but I have to admit it's not very fun.
Tom was low on health, but he found a health pack just in time.
Hold down the Tab key to open the weapon wheel, then move your mouse in the direction of the weapon you want.
In role-playing games, Tom always picks female characters, given the choice.
In her first playthrough, Mary played as a male character. In her second, she played as a female character.
Mary livestreams games on Twitch.
Mary's Twitch stream has many followers.
Tom records video walkthroughs of games.
Mary knew the game inside-out, so she decided to write a walkthrough.
This video game was developed by a studio in India, in collaboration with studios from Egypt, Bulgaria and Singapore.
As far as Tom was concerned, Bloodborne was his Game of the Year.
Rime was originally supposed to be an exclusive for the PS4, but now it's multi-platform.
Dishonored: Death of the Outsider is the latest entry in the Dishonored franchise.
Tom preferred games based on new IPs over sequels and remakes.
Tom preferred games based on new intellectual properties over sequels and remakes.
You need a full party to tackle that dungeon. If you try to solo it, you'll get screwed.
I can't believe Tom solo'ed that dungeon.
This game has a beautiful overworld.
I love the overworld music in this game.
Mary described her game as an open world first-person shooter with RPG mechanics.
Mary's character was a busty amazon.
Tom typically plays as a rogue. This is his first time playing as a wizard.
Mary was in an incestuous relationship with her brother Tom.
You cannot save the game at this moment.
You cannot save the game right now.
I like tennis better than I like soccer.
I need to go feed the chickens.
We must change the rules.
For this, I really think we can make it.
It's a pleasure working with Tatoeba when it works.
The growth of wages does not keep up with inflation.
This latest scene release comes with a keygen.
After the installation is complete, use the keygen to generate a key, and then use the key to activate the software.
A trip to Ghatkopar and back using the Metro costs 55.
If you're going to watch that movie, you should watch it in IMAX.
Tom turned off the anti-aliasing option.
With anti-aliasing turned off, expect to see a lot of jagged edges.
To set the Texture Resolution to Ultra, you will require at least 8 GB of VRAM.
Older games did not have downloadable content. They only had patches and expansion packs.
Tom had a Moscow Mule.
Mary considered herself a gamer.
Tom hated the word 'gamer'.
This game was created using the Unity engine.
Unreal Engine is named after the first game to use it.
After careful deliberation, the developers decided to use CryENGINE for their upcoming game.
It is said that games developed in Unity have terrible framerates on consoles.
This is something to imitate!
A parrot can imitate the human voice.
If something is fashionable, everyone wants to imitate it.
Do not pelt your dog with stones, so the neighbors will not imitate you.
The chimpanzee is a friendly and clever animal that can quickly imitate and learn many things.
Mary cannot have children.
Maria just smiled at this insult. You should imitate it!
Is it still going to rain today?
Beware of the appearance.
I had a suit tailored for me.
I had the tailor make a suit for me.
Mary intends not to give birth to more than two children.
Who will be the first to live until the birth of his great-great-great-grandson?
I cannot keep you company. I'm short of money.
It's hard to learn.
I see your horse.
The frost was such that the birds fell on the fly.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw a huge walrus.
The shell fell into the ammunition depot, which provoked a series of explosions.
Take advantage of the moment!
I love such moments.
He is impeccable.
Tom desperately tries to escape his responsibility.
You are going to play football tomorrow.
Are you going to use this?
Will you use this?
Tom's birthday was the day before yesterday.
Reading books ceased to be a privilege of a minority.
If you were to come with a reasonable offer, I'd give you my consent.
Images are the books of the illiterate.
Do you want to open up your own restaurant?
You people are urged to drop the earthly impulse.
The guy has a fever.
She looks older.
I need your clothes and your bicycle.
My grandmother got sick the other week.
My favorite Italian actor is Adriano Celentano.
This program is very user-friendly.
This program is very easy to use.
Do not search for what you are worth in the eyes of people, but rather try to find it in your conscience is free your status is automatically elevated. If you truly know yourself, you would not be hurt by what others about you.
He's in Paris.
The drugs on the shelf can be freely sold.
I will go weekend shopping with my daughter.
I will do my weekend shopping with my daughter.
This must always be here; this is the place for it. Have you understood it?
We don't speak English at home.
It was not long before John had an idea. John always knew a way out of seemingly hopeless situations.
Tom says he loves Mary; in reality, however, he is only after her money.
Tom is someone I really respect.
Tom is someone I'll never forget.
Tom is someone I really look up to.
Tom looks a lot like someone I know.
Tom should have someone do that for him.
It'll be easy to find someone to do that.
It'll be hard to find someone to do that.
I'm looking for someone who can do that for me.
Tom is someone I really enjoy hanging out with.
Tom says he saw someone climbing over the fence.
How would you like it if someone did that to you?
It'll be hard to find someone to do that for you.
It'll be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
Tom says he has to find someone to help him do that.
Tom married someone who was in prison for three years.
Tom married someone who had been in prison for three years.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that for you.
It won't be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
It won't be easy to find someone to do that for you.
It'll be easy to find someone to do that for you.
Why does the world contain only baths for the body, not for the soul?
"Why does Tom always pluck at his right earlobe when he thinks?" "Oh, that's one of his peculiarities."
I am by nature majorly pessimistic.
Tom lived in a dream world. Often, as it were, only his body was among us, while his mind was quite somewhere else.
His dream worlds were more real to Tom than reality.
Tom painted Mary with angel wings.
Is everyone the same?
The population of Japanese people is at least 300,000 fewer than last year.
Hello, I am Taro. Nice to meet you.
Tom stalked across the street without paying attention to traffic.
Here I would lie outstretched on the mossy ground, thinking strange thoughts and dreaming strange dreams.
He thinks about cocks all the time.
She's my sister's friend.
She gave blood in order to save her sister.
He gave blood in order to save his brother.
He gave blood in order to save his sister.
She gave blood in order to save her brother.
She gave blood in order to save her sibling.
He gave blood in order to save his sibling.
You're a good sibling.
A nephew is the son of a sibling.
A nephew is the son of a brother.
A nephew is the son of a sister.
A niece is the daughter of a sibling.
A niece is the daughter of a brother.
A niece is the daughter of a sister.
A nibling is the child of a sibling.
You are the guardian angel of my solitude.
Tom is now the spokesman for environmental groups.
The referee sent Tom off for unsportsmanlike behaviour.
Sisters should not quarrel.
Siblings should not quarrel.
Are you siblings?
We are sisters.
We're sisters.
We're siblings.
The siblings hate each other.
I didn't know Guillermo and Tamara were siblings.
My sisters!
My siblings!
My sibling is out of work.
My sister is out of work.
My sister is at her desk.
My sibling is at their desk.
They are brothers.
They are sisters.
They're siblings.
We're like sisters.
We're like siblings.
Thanks, sisters.
Thanks, siblings.
Dear siblings!
I love my siblings.
I came across your sister on the street.
I came across your sibling on the street.
His sibling is a hard worker.
Her sister is a hard worker.
His sister is a hard worker.
Her sibling is a hard worker.
Her brother is a hard worker.
I can't tell her apart from her sister.
My name is Robin.
Tom was sent off the pitch for unsportsmanlike behaviour.
I would never sing it.
Maria is formal when she talks with her parents.
"If you touch my daughter..." "I'm listening to you." "I just wanted to tell you to take care of her very much."
The siege took only three hours.
Our society is educated on stereotypes.
What advertising seems to you the most ridiculous?
You've never ever said it to me before.
Herring salad does not taste good to me.
That stands to reason.
When did you last tell me that you love me?
That interests me.
The true history of Tatars, of the people in every respect historical, is not written yet.
If you want to count, you need to be rare!
Outside the national borders, different regulations apply.
I believe Tom is very cool.
I wish I did not say that at the party.
We went to Boston with Mary.
Mary's phone ran out of battery.
Tom looked cross.
Tom seemed cross.
Tom looked mad.
Tom seemed mad.
Do I look pretty?
Scratch me off the list!
Sometimes Tom uses the preterite incorrectly.
My neighbour's dog barks.
My neighbor's dog barks.
Where are we going first?
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if hes happy about it?
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn I just got older.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnt be any different to what my nickname was.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnt so bad after all.
It was getting dark, and we werent there yet.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
A song can make or ruin a persons day if they let it get to them.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
The book is in front of the table.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The thunderbolt split the oak.
Of course I recognize you. We were close friends at elementary school!
After a ten-hour night trip we arrived home exhausted in the morning.
We are going to Paris next weekend.
We'll go to Paris next weekend.
Please remember to post the letters.
I mustn't forget to post the letter.
Mary has the gift of the gab.
Mary is eloquent.
He pressed his trousers.
He wore red trousers.
She never wears trousers.
Your trousers are dirty.
I'm writing nonsense.
You should help your grandmother.
I'm writing gibberish.
Put the rubbish outside.
Where is my appointment book?
Put the bins out.
Take the rubbish out.
Tom is a refuse collector.
Crows often fish through refuse.
I have your appointment book.
They collect our rubbish every Monday.
Tom found Mary's appointment book.
This is Tom's appointment book.
The Earth covers itself in darkness, but people are not afraid of the night.
We came with the sun, but left with the rain.
It was sunny when we arrived, but rainy when we left.
I think each of us should give Tom something for his birthday, something home-made!
Tom put his appointment book in the drawer.
He finally let the cat out of the bag.
Won't there be a next time?
My wife still had a somewhat unflattering hairstyle back then.
Have you read her new book?
They arrived there before you.
Great! I'm over the moon!
The train driver signals the departure with his whistle.
He likes watching TV until three in the morning.
Yes, you could say that.
Yes, you could put it that way.
Are we having guests this evening?
You didn't say that.
Borscht tastes better than it sounds.
He's a very imposing man.
Of course I remember you. We were good friends at primary school!
Was it the sound of a gunshot?
Who are we visiting today?
I decided at once to get to work.
Someone's put a spanner in the works.
It's a drop in the ocean.
It's just a drop in the ocean.
This problem must not be swept under the carpet.
This carpet feels nice underfoot.
He who lives without any foolishness is less wise than he believes he is.
I couldn't care less how much money you have.
I couldn't care less about it.
At the market we bought peaches, artichokes, courgettes, strawberries and aubergines.
Wash the aubergines and courgettes, and top and tail them.
He's making biscuits.
We're baking biscuits.
No more biscuits!
I can smell biscuits.
She baked biscuits.
He mixes the wholemeal flour, the coriander, the lemon peel and the cinnamon in a bowl.
You can't see the wood for the trees.
He couldn't see the wood for the trees.
Turn the knob anticlockwise.
Mary always has to have her say.
Mary always has to have her two penn'orth.
He murmured something unintelligible.
Mum bought me some colouring pencils.
Mum bought me some crayons.
It's more colourful than I expected.
You know, everything was so colourful.
I like that colourful dress more.
Mary loved walking barefoot on her grandma's living room carpet.
Do you think that I should start to wear coloured contact lenses?
Of course, the neighbourhood was a lot more colourful back then.
The flowers seem more colourful, and the grass greener.
That's how we transported ourselves to a colourful world of fantasy.
I didn't miss them.
Do you know this neighbourhood?
There's not a living soul around here.
A layer of leaves lies on the pavement.
A bed of leaves covers the pavement.
Who is visiting us today?
Tom and Mary filled balloons with water, and dropped them from the balcony down onto unsuspecting pedestrians walking on the pavement below.
The car's broken down. We can't go on.
This dog is thirteen or fourteen years old.
The car is broken down. We can't go on.
It's popularity is decreasing.
Her mother was a singer.
Her mother used to be a singer.
All humans are created equal.
Boston is a mecca for lobster lovers.
My list of villains is getting shorter with every day I get older, and my register of fools more complete and longer.
You should have told your parents.
You had to tell one of the adults.
My sister works at a school for visually impaired children.
Tom believed in me, and I am grateful to him.
Tom is writing a book, but it does not have a title yet.
The child was born a month ago, but still has no name.
That costs a lot of money.
We first spoke English, but then it turned out that Tom came from Austria, and we started talking German.
All her husbands were Americans.
I eat little meat.
We eat a lot of meat.
We eat little meat and lots of vegetables.
Now wish everyone a good night!
They all asked why you were not there. I said you were gone.
I write gibberish.
I write nonsense.
The situation is worse than we thought.
Let me know when you're ready!
Just say when you're ready!
There's talk that you got the job.
The word is that you got the job.
Finally, here's some good news!
Do you have a flat or a house?
My husband, my son and I each have a key to the flat.
Tom was acquited because of lack of evidence.
I do not want to go to the theater.
I do not want to go anywhere.
"How are you?" "Thank you, I'm already better."
Haven't you forgotten anything?
It seems that I have forgotten something.
What for do you need a second bicycle? Give it to me!
"Tom and I went fishing." "Tom  you mean your brother?" "No, I'm talking about my friend."
Are you Tom too?
This word is not in the dictionary.
The shorter the better.
Is she coming by bus?
What do you prefer: cold coffee or stale beer?
Sami is no stranger to crime.
Sami checked his gun.
Sami was desperate for money.
Sami didn't want to kill anyone.
Sami just wanted money.
Sami hurried back to his office.
Sami grabbed the money and left.
Sami was always nervous.
Sami appeared at the counter.
Sami wanted to know what happened to Layla.
Sami was another employee at Layla's store.
Sami prepared to leave.
Sami showed Layla where Salima was.
If you follow me, I'll shoot.
Sami hid the gun in the money.
Sami put the gun in the safe.
Police let Sami go.
Sami's victims saw his face.
Sami is the worst witness.
Sami continued his crime spree.
Sami got overconfident.
Sami robbed another Cairo store.
Sami got away with it.
Sami pled guilty, hoping for a light sentence.
Sami spent the next six years in a Cairo prison.
Sami never got in trouble.
Sami was denied parole.
It could be years before Sami is released.
Sami had worse charges than Layla.
Sami made a hot-headed decision.
Sami decided to escape.
Sami thought of a plan.
Sami made some money from a black market business.
Sami's plan was in motion.
Sami needed to move fast.
Sami was given a new job.
Sami waited for the right moment.
The keys are in the ignition.
Now there is no turning back.
Sami was brought back to justice.
Sami would do anything to avoid being caught.
Sami was a tall slender white man.
Sami started to panic.
Sami's escape plan started to fall apart.
Sami knew the police were looking for him.
Sami was still in his prison uniform.
Sami's prison T-shirt had a number on it.
Sami bought a one-way ticket.
Sami was really nervous.
Sami tried to escape from prison.
Police were checking vehicles.
The police established a road block.
The police tried to predict what Sami would do next.
Sami arrived in Egypt.
Without an ID, Sami can't find work.
Sami risked detection.
Sami quickly ran out of money.
Sami spent ten days in Egypt.
Sami called Layla and asked her for money.
Sami knew Layla was on the run.
Sami could go to prison if he helped Layla.
Sami wanted to help Layla out.
The police were looking for Sami in Egypt.
Sami bought a bus ticket.
Sami let Layla stay in his house.
In order to work, Sami would needed a different name and social security number.
Sami could be recognized at any time.
Sami's return to Egypt is a huge risk.
Sami is a fugitive tracker from the Toronto police department.
Sami could be caught at any moment.
Sami vowed to never contact his family again.
Sami had contact with his family.
Sami put all that behind him.
It's been two months since Sami escaped from jail.
Sami always showed up to work on time.
Sami always did a little bit more than the other employees did.
Sami left his apartment for work.
Sami let down his guard too much.
Sami started hanging out with a woman.
Sami didn't dare tell Layla his secret.
Sami's drug use could attract the attention of police.
Sami decided he had to come clean with Layla.
Sami didn't plan on going back to Egypt.
Sami revealed his true identity to Layla.
Sami faced a serious charge.
Sami was on the run from the law.
Sami agreed to keep Layla's secret.
Sami has been on the run for six years.
Investigators haven't given up looking for Sami.
Sami needed someone he could trust.
Sami generally takes the same route to work every day.
Ten years have passed.
Sami was driving through Cairo with his girlfriend, Layla.
The police officer knew Sami was a fugitive.
Sami is going back to jail.
Sami was arrested for driving without a license.
Sami was real nervous.
Sami sat in a jail cell.
Minutes turned into hours.
Sami spent the whole night there.
Sami spent a sleepless night in jail.
Sami is free to go.
Sami returned to the home he shared with Layla.
Sami gave the police officer an alias.
Sami could still be in Cairo.
Sami accidentally revealed a clue to the police.
Sami and Layla were still together.
Sami flirted with the waitresses.
Sami was known as a hard worker.
Sami got along with Layla.
Sami was a fugitive on the run.
Sami never said anything about that.
Sami needed to rely on friends for help.
Sami always paid cash for everything.
Sami couldn't cash the money.
Sami asked Layla to cash the check.
Sami was glad to do that for Layla.
Sami has grown too comfortable with his double life.
Sami began smoking crack cocaine.
Sami and Layla were both making good money.
Cocaine was killing Sami.
Sami's drug use could eventually lead to his capture.
Sami told Layla about his past.
Sami told Layla that his name wasn't Majid.
Sami was arrested for something minor.
Luckily for Sami, Layla told no one about that.
Sami and Layla are still together.
Sami is still working as a cook.
Sami looked in the mirror.
I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
A fought broke out.
Sami walked away from the fight.
Sami came up behind Layla and hit her in the back of the head.
Sami works at a meat packing plant.
Sami wanted to get out of town.
Sami came over and stayed with us in Cairo.
Sami went to a karaoke bar.
I think the gearstick on my car is stuck
Rumour has it that you got the job.
A golden forelock fell over his forehead and eyes.
Besides, I do not know how to dance.
A president is like a cemetery manager. He has a lot of people under him, but no one listens.
Remove unnecessary words!
Find a word.
His words soothed her.
Tom wasted his chance. Now he has to bear the consequences, and they will be dire.
I'm just about to change the baby's nappy.
He only cries when he needs a dry nappy.
She only cries when she needs a dry nappy.
Change the child's nappy!
Save the words!
I read it wrong.
I read it incorrectly.
Remember my words!
A triangle has three corners and is triangular.
I've enrolled on a painting course.
I've enrolled in an art class.
No words are necessary.
The door wasn't completely closed.
You'd better concentrate on your job!
Man is an example of nature's incomparable patience.
Amber is fossilised resin.
My words made them angry.
My words made her angry.
Her eyes are sparkling with joy.
"When are we going to trim the bushes?" "Next Monday would seem obvious. I don't have anything else planned for that day."
Please go now, both of you!
Her eyes sparkle with joy.
New words occur every day.
Remember your words!
Remember your noble words!
I was looking for suitable words.
I was looking for appropriate words.
I was looking for apt words.
Forget everything I said!
Did you find his address?
Her eyes scintillate with joy.
Her eyes are scintillating with joy.
Their eyes glitter with joy.
Their eyes are glittering with joy.
Tom broke his promise not to smoke.
Mary is the new doctor.
The communal aerial of our block of flats was struck by lightning.
We have neither a wardrobe nor any bookshelves.
My wardrobe has four doors and two mirrors. It was manufactured by a Swedish company, whose name contains three vowels and a consonant.
"Tom, what's Jane doing in our wardrobe?" "It's not the way it looks! I can explain everything!" "Well, I'm all ears!"
It'll soon be winter, so I'm taking warm things from the top compartments of the wardrobe and putting them somewhere further down.
The removal men are heaving a heavy wardrobe into the removal van.
He quotes Shakespeare in the original.
Tom didn't realise that the joke was on him.
It's just a private joke between him and me.
Where is my dinner?
You make me do this.
Come get us.
Sami came to rescue Layla.
The kids went out to school.
I didn't want to go back to him.
Layla escaped a violent relationship.
Sami and I are here for you.
This trip is purely for pleasure.
Sami was a shoulder to cry on.
Sami was Layla's romantic getaway.
Sami was honking.
Sami was charming and caring.
Sami and Liza were Mormons.
You know how Mormons are.
Can you come up here for a minute?
Sami is originally from Mexico.
Is your name really Sami?
Sami asked permission to do everything.
You know where to find us.
You're 34 and she's a teenager.
I barely even know her.
Why did you choose to become a policeman?
We had a really fun and playful relationship.
There is something I would like to tell you.
I want you to believe me.
I do believe you, but I have to tell your mother.
Layla did her make-up.
You can stay in my room.
Just leave the door open.
Sami wanted to start a family.
Sami knew exactly how I felt about Layla.
Sami and I are in love.
Sami had a wife and children in Egypt.
Did he tell you about his wife and children in Egypt?
Sami is not right for you.
You're just a child yourself.
I was going to tell you about my wife and kids.
I became the villain in Sami's eyes.
I wanna be with her.
You promised not to cross the line.
In this case, you're not welcome to stay here.
Sami kicked Layla out of the house.
Thanks for coming to get me.
I've got some friends in Cairo.
Maybe you could stay with us.
If we get caught together, there will be big trouble.
Sami didn't have a very good self-esteem.
Sami was completely unaware that Layla and Majid were secretly dating.
You don't even trust your own wife.
Sami makes good money.
Sami provided money to the house.
Sami? What kind of name is this?
Sami let Layla move into his house.
Are Sami and Layla living with you?
Did you know that your Sami is a criminal?
Sami told me that he went to jail.
Sami hasn't done anything to you.
I just hate you.
Go and ask him why he went to prison.
Sami knows you have gone to jail.
Are you sure you wanna hear this?
I'm always gonna be with you.
Sami lived less than half an hour away.
Layla started sobbing.
Tears ran down Sami's face.
Something is very off.
I just need to spend time with you.
Sami insisted Layla stays.
The door stays open.
Sami and Layla would spend a lot of time together in her room.
"Why are you spending your time with this trash?" "Who are you calling trash, you cripple?"
Sami caught Layla with her forbidden boyfriend, 35 year old Majid.
Layla stood in front of Sami.
I'll always protect you.
"I'll always be with you." "That's why I love you."
Sami thought that Majid was a dangerous threat to him.
Sami called the police immediately.
Sami pulled a gun on Layla.
Sami pulled a gun on me.
I saw Sami leave.
Is it safe in there?
Sami completely lost his mind.
Sami slapped me.
Did Sami hit Layla?
Sami was screwing with my daughter.
Sami's accusations against Layla were serious.
Sami admitted that he had slapped Layla.
Sami cared so much about Layla.
Sami was a parolee.
Sami was still snoring.
Sami waked Layla up and kissed her goodbye.
Sami was terrified that he was about to lose everything.
Thousands turned out to pay their respects to Lieutenant Bakir.
Layla felt rejected by Sami's family.
How can you marry your daughter off to someone like Sami.
Sami's family didn't approve of this.
Layla stayed away from Sami.
Sami and Layla parted ways.
Sami was on vacation with his family.
Sami became interested in the Goth movement.
She is my most beautiful friend.
I was kept awake by the sound of the tent as it billowed in the breeze.
We don't have a wardrobe, and we don't have any bookshelves either.
You're still in nappies.
I saw a tramp at the station.
I saw a rough sleeper at the train station.
My friend is a real bookworm.
We could do a lot if we stood together.
She's having a kip.
Tom's having a kip.
I'm having a kip.
I need a kip.
I was going to have a kip.
I want to have a kip.
I'll just have a kip.
I could do with a kip now.
My mother has a kip every afternoon.
I usually have a kip on Sundays.
Grandad is kipping on the couch.
Grandad is snoozing on the sofa.
I might give up soon and have a kip instead.
Tom likes to go to school.
I give it to him.
The problem with eggs is that they break easily.
Everybody was very busy.
One year after Mary's death Tom is still wearing black.
The place is only accessible on foot or on horseback.
After a week I was tired of it.
He's trying to stay normal.
He's trying to remain an ordinary person.
Wouldn't you have spoken to me if you'd known I was a man?
If you'd known that I was male, wouldn't you have spoken to me?
At least you know how it feels now!
You can't translate what you don't understand.
I'll gladly pay him something for the accommodation.
Tom chopped the onion roughly.
Mary had a fit of laughter when she saw Tom's ancient telephone.
Unfortunately I don't understand a word when you speak facing away from me.
"I've only talked to Mary." "You're not to even see her again. Understood?" "Don't you think this jealousy is a bit much, Tom?"
They drank a cup of coffee.
Words are always bolder than deeds.
Mary doesn't read any English-language books.
He'd give the shirt off his back.
Made in China.
It's rude to say such a thing!
Now, above all, Tom must exercise patience.
Mary thought that all men were like Tom.
Which Russian composer do you like the most?
Tom's house is by the sea.
A peal of defiant laughter rang out from Tom, as John stood before him.
I used to want to be a hairdresser, or a fashion designer.
There's no reason for panic! I'm already here!
I was listening to French music.
I like rock music.
Mary says she loves Tom, but really she's just after his money.
He vanished without saying a word.
Every day is a new beginning - take a deep breath and start afresh.
If everyone tries anyway to be different and something special, it becomes something special being normal.
This rainy season brings a lot of destruction.
The student's car is old.
Give me your bow.
I hope you did not have any problem.
Tom wears a prosthesis.
Who did Tom go with?
Where did Tom find it?
How did Tom feel?
Do you want me to beg for my life?
The truth is we need your help.
We need more men.
Close the bloody door.
Free time is the best of goods.
We were like siblings.
We were like sisters.
I am eating with my brother.
I am eating with my sister.
I am eating with my sibling.
Then the younger sister set off, and the elder remained behind.
Then the younger sibling set off, and the elder remained behind.
She's like a sister to me.
Tom and I are just like siblings.
Five siblings worked together on the farm.
Five sisters worked together on the farm.
Hello and farewell, sister.
You were like a sister to me.
We've become like siblings.
This diamond ring costs a fortune.
Mary's subtle brand of humour was lost on Tom.
Everyone worked according to one's ability.
Everyone worked according to one's capacity.
He lost all his riches.
Let's not get angry!
If we can't offer any help, a kind and gentle word is enough.
Never, never look down on any person.
There is an opportunity everywhere, you just have to recognize it.
There is an opportunity everywhere, you just have to perceive it.
There's a whole host of things that need to be done first.
I know no boundary except for the limit between heaven and earth.
Don't be selfish, young girl!
What the ladies really want is between conversation and chocolate.
Let us fulfill our profession as human beings, and the profession of the priest becomes worthless.
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life.
I am a deeply religious nonbeliever  this is a somewhat new kind of religion.
This is completely safe.
This is completely harmless.
This should be an interesting movie.
Is this your sister's?
Please pass on my best wishes to Peter.
Look who is here!
If Tom hadn't tried to cheat - and had this attempt not backfired - he most probably would've won.
Please tell me your ticket number.
The game is not lost.
Do you have toothache?
I misread it.
I'm not sure whether your words correspond to the truth.
Hanover is the capital of Lower Saxony.
Tom fried himself an egg on his car bonnet.
Tom, where are you? We miss you!
The doors wouldn't open, so I had to get into the car through the boot.
Don't forget to take my things out of the boot!
Tom opened the boot to take out the spare wheel.
Chaos reigns in Mary's flat.
Mary's flat is a mess.
Above all, there's a lack of flats.
They're happy with their new flat.
Would you like a furnished or an unfurnished flat?
Information is necessary. Its absence gives rise not to a vacuum, but rather to the spread of rumours, gossip and misunderstandings.
My husband washes the car.
"Tom, do you fancy a game of chess?" "No, not any more today, Mary. I'm tired and I want to go to bed."
Try not to come too late again tomorrow.
If you're interested in it, I'll tell you about it later.
What you've done doesn't make me happy.
There's already a product with this code.
Diligence often leads to success.
No one can bring back a bygone era.
Nobody can bring back a time gone by.
Where can I put my luggage?
We've sliced the tomatoes.
Surprise!
Be there.
Be present.
You're mad!
Just go!
Thanks to you.
What joy!
We won't get another chance.
You limped.
They limped.
Did anyone come?
Just a moment.
That's enough.
I would like to be wished a happy birthday in person.
We live in the block of flats just there on the other side of the street.
We live in the block of flats just across the road.
This is the house that Tom built.
I started learning German many years ago. And now I'm studying that language again, with a renewed pleasure, thanks to Tatoeba.
Maria's blood froze in her veins, when the lion jumped against Tom like a dog and licked him through the face.
Mary's blood froze in her veins when she saw Tom playing with the lions as if they were dogs.
Whoever wants to set an example for the youth must walk the road of righteousness.
He withdrew the bill.
I saw Osaka Castle.
The second sentence can be left as it is.
Even for the mere flight of a butterfly all the sky is necessary.
No thing is impossible for one who has no need to do it himself.
Judge for yourself!
The heavens are opening. I'll take my leave.
"Can you identify this animal?" "Sure! It's a camel!" "Wrong! A dromedary!"
He loved her and she loved him.
I love her just as she is.
She is a Korean.
I don't speak Korean.
The parent of a parent is a grandparent.
The father of a parent is a grandfather.
The mother of a parent is a grandmother.
The child of a sibling is a nibling.
The son of a sibling is a nephew.
The daughter of a sibling is a niece.
The child of a child is a grandchild.
The son of a child is a grandson.
The daughter of a child is a granddaughter.
They have enough time.
It's now really the time to go to sleep.
My uncle is my mother's brother.
This child cried all night.
My brother's room is always untidy.
Wendy, I want to introduce you to my brother Sam.
He's a captivating speaker.
Tom has neither a job nor an accommodation nor a family.
Sami stepped away to make a call.
Sami finished his shift.
The policemen approached.
Sami had no choice but to surrender.
Sami was shocked when he learned that Layla was arrested.
Sami knew that it was over.
Sami knew that he was going to jail.
Sami heard the commotion.
Sami almost fainted.
Sami knew that this was really going to happen.
Sami convinced himself that he hadn't done anything.
Sami was convicted as an accessory to the murder of Layla.
Sami deserved more time in jail.
Sami served fifteen years in prison and was released in 2013.
Sami was sentenced to death row.
Sami knew he didn't do that.
I think Sami is capable of doing this.
Sami regretted hooking up with those guys.
Sami is on death row, waiting to die.
Sami devised a cunning plan to cover his tracks.
Sami was smart enough to have everybody else do everything for him.
Sami tried to escape from justice.
Sami lived in an idyllic town in Ontario, Canada.
Sami went cruising for some weed.
Sami is also known as Majid.
Sami worked really hard to pay for his drug.
Come into the house.
Just come into the house.
I did this for Sami.
Sami ordered Layla to do that.
Sami emptied Majid's wallet.
Sami would do anything he could for a friend.
Sami called that dinner a celebration meal.
Sami and Layla had a little party.
Sami has got to do something.
Sami started looking for Layla.
Someone other than Sami has cashed his paycheck.
This isn't Sami's picture.
Sami came from a broken family.
Sami plotted a murder spree.
Sami launched his vendetta on Halloween night.
Sami returned back to Cairo.
Sami refused to be taken alive.
Sami was full of rage.
Sami barely knew Layla.
It is Sami the police is after.
Sami saw what was happening.
Sami had no time to waste.
Police were just minutes behind Sami.
Sami knew exactly where to get cash.
Sami has trusted the wrong man.
Sami has no way to run.
Sami asked for his mother's help.
Sami fled to Egypt.
Sami made a daring escape.
Sami considered his options.
I'm gobsmacked.
He spoke concisely.
Tom is a man who makes the impossible possible.
My dad said no.
Who'd like to answer the question?
If there were beings on other planets, what would they look like?
My house is a rental house.
At what temperature does lead melt?
Lead is a soft metal.
Lead and iron must feed the coppersmith.
Borrowed gold becomes lead when they demand it back.
Cheese is gold in the morning, silver at noon, and lead in the evening.
They still can not convert lead into gold.
Is a pound of feathers lighter than a pound of lead?
I won't leave you.
More than gold, lead changed the world, and, more than the lead in shotguns, that in the types of typographic boxes.
The "lead" of the pencil is actually a mixture of graphite, clay and wax with a binder that seals the lead in the wooden shaft.
The art of taxation simply consists in plucking the goose in such a way as to get as many feathers as possible, with as little screaming as possible.
Crises do not automatically produce the right recipes against them.
Young people should respect their elders.
Mary is older than me.
Mary seems older than fifty.
I find it boring everything I do not fall in love with.
I need some blue paint.
Is not philosophy, after all, pretending to ignore what is known, and to know what is not known?
I've known from the start what you would promise me, and I know as well that you won't keep to it.
I don't deserve to be treated like that.
Violence is an absence of love.
Tom sleeps like a log. The world could end, and he wouldn't notice.
Fear is a bad counsellor.
I knew nothing about your plan.
The lady's wish is my command.
China is looking for new sources of energy.
Cunning ignores violence.
"I'd like to learn Japanese, but I don't fancy studying the script." "Then you should give up your plan to learn Japanese, here and now."
You've broken your arm.
We have to think of the future now.
Mary couldn't reply.
You mustn't come too late.
You mustn't be late.
In many respects, Tom resembles his father.
How does one write a good curriculum vitae?
How do you write a good CV?
Do not prettify the violence!
"Where's Mary?" "She and her daughter are watching 'Tom, the Super-fluffy Cuddly Toy Unicorn' for the umpteenth time."
Tom is like his father in many respects.
Tom peeled an apple.
Tom looked down upon the city from the dizzying height of the skyscraper.
Violence is never acceptable.
Goodness does more than violence.
Kindness does more than violence.
We can not endure violence.
We can not bear violence.
We can not suffer violence.
People are not convinced through violence.
One doesn't convince through violence.
We know that the sun is bigger than the earth.
The snake was devoured by a bigger snake.
A very large field of rice surrounds the city.
The Nile is the largest river in Africa.
These apples are very big.
The police have no evidence to prove that.
It's gonna be difficult to resolve this case.
Police didn't discover the body.
Police continued to wait.
Sami was the glue that held his family together.
Sami and Layla tried to make up.
Layla moved into a battered-women's shelter.
Sami and Layla were very much in love.
Sami and Layla seeemed like the perfect couple.
Sami and Layla did their drugs together.
Sami didn't want to live with a family member.
Layla found out she was pregnant.
Sami began spending more time with Layla.
Sami had a pure heart.
Sami helped Layla gain perspective on her life.
Sami was still living with Layla.
Sami began to develop feelings for Layla.
Sami bought Layla roses and a box of candy.
Sami was Layla's only reasonable choice.
Layla is in a motel somewhere with Sami.
Layla has got a new man.
Sami and Layla broke up on Saturday.
Sami and Layla were a happy couple.
Layla had an insatiable lust for sex and money.
Sami had his dirty little secret.
Sami and Layla were living the good life in Cairo.
Sami and Layla met nearly ten years ago and it was love at first sight for both of them.
Just stay here all day.
Sami treated Layla like a princess.
Sami and Layla were hot for each other.
Sami left Layla with a son.
Sami didn't treat Layla very well.
Layla had her first child at a very young age.
Sami and Layla had their own child.
Sami and Layla started a relationship.
Sami and Layla had a passionate affair.
Sami took advantage of women.
Sami was having all sorts of marital issues.
Layla began to blossom into a young woman.
Sami lured Layla into the basement.
Sami was emotionally distanced from Layla.
Sami provided Layla what she needed romantically.
Sami was addicted to online dating.
Layla was unable to give birth.
Layla was ready to step out of her body for Sami.
Layla was unable to have children.
Sami started talking marriage.
Sami and Layla had a stable relationship.
Sami is gonna have a baby with Layla.
Layla faked a miscarriage.
Do you have Telegram?
Telegram is very populair in the Esperanto community.
What's Telegram?
Sami wanted Layla to love him.
I'm a very intuitive person.
The Bakers have a farm upstream.
Our cathedral is a proud building.
Our cathedral is an imposing structure.
In this city, the stones speak.
You have to clean your glasses.
The author of these lines was never in the country he wrote about in his poem.
He jumped into the pond.
The ship went down, and I began to swim.
How many books can you read in a month?
No one is here.
My job is to steam the vegetables for lunch.
Who told you about me?
He investigated the whole incident.
She chatted about it with someone or other.
Is it far to Tallinn?
Is it a long way to Tallinn?
Whoever calls, let me know immediately!
Whoever it is who rings, let me know right away!
Careful, don't fall!
Who are you coming with?
Goodbye, then.
I often have cold feet in winter.
The brother of a parent is an uncle.
The sister of a parent is an aunt.
The brother-in-law of a parent is an uncle.
The sister-in-law of a parent is an aunt.
Your manner of speaking gave you away.
This island is three kilometres off the coast.
"Actually, I understood everything in linear algebra until we came to vector spaces," said Tom. Mary just shook her head.
Those who are afraid of making mistakes have less ability to learn.
Good evening! I'm Mary, a friend of Tom's.
I'd like to thank you for accepting my invitation.
The coffee tastes funny today.
Outside, standing in front of a locked door, is a wet dog, craning its neck and howling.
I doubt that Tom can help you.
It's easy to confuse words of one syllable.
It's easy to get monosyllabic words mixed up with each other.
Have you been in Osaka for long?
This has already been happening for many years.
Tom's a nice man. Everyone loves him.
The child of an uncle is a cousin.
The child of an aunt is a cousin.
The son of an uncle is a cousin.
You should know: Tom's a talkative fella.
I can hardly follow him.
The son of an aunt is a cousin.
The daughter of an uncle is a cousin.
The daughter of an aunt is a cousin.
Mark is quite an ordinary bloke.
I nodded off.
"Who wrote this? It's totally illegible." "Tom, definitely." "You have the eye of an expert!"
My best friend is homosexual.
Is it costlier to eat healthily?
Does healthy eating cost more?
Are you always cold?
My sister is three years older than I am.
The day after tomorrow is Tuesday.
It's Monday tomorrow.
The party is cool, right?
They should know that's impossible.
He is a Korean.
They know that's a lie.
He is an estate agent.
He's at a meeting.
She's a comedian.
She is a comedian.
He's an alcoholic.
She's just a liar.
She's a liar.
He is on a diet.
She is a DJ.
It's been snowing heavily here since yesterday.
They know that's the truth.
Tom wore his hat at a jaunty angle.
The cyclopes lived in caves.
The cyclopes were shepherds and lived in caves.
They mainly live on bread.
They mainly live on milk.
The tap is dripping.
Tom fixed the dripping tap.
I have a dripping tap.
I have a leaking tap.
Many people drink water from the kitchen tap.
Tom turned the tap off.
Don't use this tap.
How can I repair my leaking tap?
You can't use this tap. It's out of order.
He turned on the tap, and out came a jet of water.
You want to marry Maria! Do you know what you're getting into?
I went to the tap and drank water.
The tap in the kitchen is dripping.
Electricity comes from the wall socket, and water from the tap.
Please turn off the tap. The dripping gets on my nerves.
Will they manage to stop the leaking tap?
Leaking taps waste a lot of water.
According to tradition, Homer was blind.
Since the author hasn't responded for some considerable time, I have made the correction.
This topic has already been hotly debated in the past, but no agreement was reached.
A horse went through my house.
My mother works in a factory, and is tired when she comes home.
I dressed myself.
I got dressed.
Life is made up of illusions. Among these illusions, some are successful. They make up reality.
In life, nothing is to be feared, everything is to be understood.
A root sits in the earth, and the passerby doesn't see it.
The future, empty-handed ghost, who promises everything and has nothing!
Nothing is more certain than death.
Caesar was informed about their arrival.
From noon until sunset, victory was doubtful.
Do you have that in other colours as well?
Altbier is a dark amber-coloured top-fermented beer from the Rhineland.
The conservative character of the seating furniture is offset by the brightly coloured accessories.
The helmethead gecko is the only vertebrate that can see colours at night.
The rising sun bathed the sky in a brilliant blend of colours.
What is the whole of science compared to a flower, a cloud, a drop of water's play of colours?
All colours are beautiful.
Mary is wearing a brown coat and long bronze-coloured boots.
The toner cartridge needs to be replaced.
The game was postponed because of the rain.
I have a pink-coloured car.
The children collect seeds of various shapes and colours.
A watercolour is a picture painted with water-based paints.
Around a mere at the end of the valley were gathered the brightly coloured wooden houses of an idyllic little town.
The colours of her dress and shoes go well together.
There are three primary colours.
She paints with watercolours.
I'm colour-blind because my grandfather was as well.
On the walls of the steam sauna is a beautiful mosaic in pleasing colours. Because of the steam and the subdued lighting, it can only be seen dimly.
There's a profusion of rhododendron in her garden, blooming in a variety of colours.
That counter there.
I'm gutted.
I am bitterly disappointed.
"I am extremely disappointed." "What's disappointed you so much, then?"
"I'm gutted." "So what's disappointed you so much?"
As a matter of fact, God wants man to disobey. To disobey is to seek.
He had to obey her decision.
He had to obey their decision.
I am extremely disappointed that Tom has all manner of apple trees in his garden, but not a single peach tree.
I'm gutted that Tom has all kinds of apple trees in his garden, but not one peach tree.
She got dressed.
In the course of that evening I revised the lesson three times.
To live is to love and to love is to suffer. If you do not want to suffer, do not love. But if you do not love then what are you going to live for?
Some say that art is subjective.
"The whole of Germany is under a blanket of snow" blared the radio, little knowing that I'd just come in from shovelling snow.
He's the cheekiest little monkey I know.
I don't fucking care.
Melancholy is the joy of being sad.
Music is noise that thinks.
It is easier to harm than to help.
Ambition rarely moves normally. Either it comes on tiptoe or it crawls on all fours.
The end of the sentence is missing a question mark.
So has that ever happened to you before?
Are you sitting comfortably?
Everyone loves marionettes.
I have to study a lot, so that I can speak German well.
No, the houses in my village aren't tall, but the gardens are big.
No, the flowers are not green, but red, white, yellow or blue.
A mouse is not a large animal.
Above the table is a lamp.
That's why she wanted to meet him.
There was a blue notebook on the table.
That's a piece of chalk.
No, the chairs are next to the table.
On the table is a green book.
Say what you like about Tom and Mary. When it comes to history and science, accuracy of content is the top priority.
I speak Ancient Greek.
I'm waiting impatiently.
You are feared.
Everything is transient and therefore sorrowful.
I swim very quickly.
Mary only eats wholefoods. She says they're very healthy.
She tried to write a short story.
Sorry, but I want to point out a few errors.
His mother lost a few fingers at work.
Princesses don't poop.
I had to choose between A and B, but I wanted C.
The birds seem to be on the lookout for food all day.
I promise I'll be there in an hour.
Pierre brought me a present from Paris. It's a miniature Eiffel Tower.
I sat on a park bench this morning and read a good book.
We've got to take care of it.
We've got to comfort him after his loss.
We've got to help those who can't help themselves.
We've got to put things in order here.
We've got to get down to business.
I wish I could see you at the weekend.
Actually, Mark was going to go sailing at the weekend, but since there was a problem with the boat's rigging, the plan fell through.
Are you at home next weekend?
I hope for sunshine at the weekend, as well.
There's always a lot of traffic in the city centre at the weekend.
"How about a little trip to Berlin at the weekend?" "A trip would be nice, but I'd prefer to go somewhere else."
No, I don't work at the weekend.
When Lisa asked what he did at the weekend, he told a pack of lies.
The two of them are spending a weekend somewhere by the sea.
I always wash my clothes at the weekend.
I was tired, because I had to work at the weekend.
Are you working at the weekend as well?
"I met Tom at the weekend." "What? Really? Normally he lets no one come near him, let alone women."
We must help those who can't help themselves.
Hardly a day went by on which, from dawn to dusk, Tom and John were not together - until Mary entered Tom's life.
I do indeed know quite a lot, but I'd like to know everything.
Does he know anything?
Does she know anything?
Zrich is a city in Switzerland.
A faithful friend is a soul in two bodies.
You are disgusting!
Mary sat by the window, nursing a cup of tea and watching the car park outside empty.
Tom vowed never to set foot in that place again.
After the election is before the election.
Do you think he was telling the truth?
Then I panicked even more.
It's a long queue so you must take a number.
It's good that you are into this again.
It's miles away from the correct answer.
They must protect all the people who dwell in this country.
You know it well!
How long does it take to plan?
It depends on how you count them.
One of them has already reserved 5 tables for next week.
Using this book doesn't work at all.
Should we go and buy that?
Who's this I'm talking to?
It's just an accident!
It does not matter.
Why are we so behind on this?
One forgives as long as one loves.
"Should we order a takeaway?" "By now, all the delivery services will have closed." "No, 'Tom's Tavern' is still open. Mary always gets herself something there at night."
I'd like to order you a meal, by way of thanks.
Truth is like the sun! It allows us to see everything, but does not let us observe it.
Does it rain much here in Berlin?
Make your way to the dining table! Dinner is served.
You're entering the lion's den.
Don't set foot in the lion's den!
He bequeathed his son a fortune.
What you see on the edge of the woods is not a tent, but rather a haystack.
What we call 'reality' is often more wonderful and astonishing than fiction.
I don't want to be seen.
Tom likes bureaucracy very much.
They once lived in Nagoya.
How great is the distance between here and there?
We can't deny this fact.
We can't dispute this fact.
I saw the boy jump over the fence and run away.
"Tell me, Mary: doesn't the clicking and clacking of your heels bother you?" "No, not at all. Completely the opposite: I love it!" "Well, it would bother me."
The prodigy and the monster have the same roots.
Tom has not learned to fear.
Tom can't stop chattering.
Tom is now living in Switzerland.
He lives economically.
He lives thriftily.
I went to open the door.
I'm tired.
Empty your pockets!
Tom drives a truck.
He ironed his pants.
I'd rather be poor than rich.
Tom has become my friend.
Today is World Elephant Day.
Tom sat down at the teacher's table and was imitating the chemistry teacher when she entered the classroom.
I'm out of ideas.
As long as I write, I live.
One hopes, as long as one lives.
You learn as long as you live.
Why were you there for so long?
As long as you live nothing is final.
As long as I live, do not tell anyone about it!
Man hopes as long as he lives.
Stop while you still can!
We want to re-tile our terrace and therefore removed the tiles with a power hammer yesterday.
Drive at night because there isn't so much traffic!
The fox sneaks around the house.
Mankind is developing further.
A dream of mankind becomes reality.
You are mankind's last hope.
Full stop!
To what do I owe the unexpected honour of finding you here in my house?
Tom nodded off in the cinema.
Tom fell asleep at the cinema.
My operation went very well.
When you see a shooting star, make a wish.
Grandchildren are proof that some good comes from having children.
She thinks that everything is a question of money.
Even Tom did that.
Don't do that yet.
Do you still swim?
Couldn't Tom help?
You're very slow.
You're too pushy.
You're too picky.
You're too noisy.
You're too bossy.
You're a scumbag.
You seemed upset.
You seemed tired.
You seemed happy.
You seemed bored.
You seemed angry.
You rarely smile.
You must be lost.
You looked upset.
You looked tired.
You looked happy.
You look stunned.
You look shocked.
You look puzzled.
You look dubious.
You look baffled.
You look annoyed.
You look alarmed.
You do that well.
You chose wisely.
Why can't you go?
Who's behind you?
Where's room 303?
When's the party?
We might be late.
Tom was unafraid.
Tom was sensible.
Tom was offended.
Tom was annoying.
Tom smiled at us.
Tom should be up.
Tom shot a tiger.
Tom seems afraid.
Tom must be lost.
Tom looked drunk.
Tom is too pushy.
Tom is too bossy.
Tom is still fat.
Tom is blind now.
Tom is a suspect.
Tom is a big kid.
Tom held my hand.
Tom glared at me.
Tom felt nervous.
Please stay calm.
Please slow down.
My shift is over.
My room is messy.
My room is dirty.
My office called.
My hair is curly.
My hair is brown.
My gun's missing.
My cup was empty.
Look who's there.
It's almost dawn.
Isn't Tom afraid?
Is doing that OK?
I've got the key.
I'm getting cold.
I'm drinking tea.
I often go there.
I need a job now.
I need a crowbar.
I know it's over.
I did that again.
How late was Tom?
Does Tom do that?
Do that tomorrow.
Cats are finicky.
You were a jerk.
You were a hero.
You seemed calm.
You seemed busy.
You seem unsure.
You seem lonely.
You seem hungry.
You seem afraid.
You seem OK now.
You may be hurt.
You looked calm.
You looked busy.
You look uneasy.
You look shaken.
You look normal.
You look lonely.
You look hungry.
You look amused.
Yes, I did that.
Why do you work?
Who's that lady?
Who scolded Tom?
Tom's boat sank.
Tom was wealthy.
Tom was violent.
Tom was annoyed.
Tom wants a dog.
Tom trains dogs.
Tom sounds nuts.
Tom must be shy.
Tom must be mad.
Tom looked calm.
Tom likes pizza.
Tom isn't heavy.
Tom is my coach.
Tom did do that.
My pulse is low.
My house is new.
My hair is wavy.
My hair is long.
My feet got wet.
My door is open.
I'm not excited.
I would do that.
I often do that.
I might be late.
I knew about it.
I honked at Tom.
I helped Tom up.
I felt offended.
You're yawning.
You're strange.
You're a creep.
You're a bully.
You'll be next.
You write well.
You talk a lot.
You seem tense.
You seem smart.
You seem bored.
You looked sad.
You look sober.
You look drunk.
Who's not here?
Who'll do that?
We may do that.
Was Tom afraid?
Tom must be OK.
Tom kept still.
My plan failed.
My dog's brown.
My cup's empty.
I've confessed.
I'm undefeated.
I'm suspicious.
I'm really sad.
I know I'm fat.
I do that here.
Don't eat that.
Do you do that?
Are you OK now?
You work fast.
You seemed OK.
You fooled us.
Tom was tipsy.
Tom was pushy.
Tom was early.
Tom got upset.
Tom got drunk.
Never do that.
My phone rang.
May I do that?
Is Tom afraid?
I'm very weak.
I'm an expert.
You look mad.
Tom was slow.
Tom was last.
Tom is heavy.
My boat sank.
My arms ache.
I'm unharmed.
I need a saw.
I kept still.
You look OK.
We're lucky.
Tom was hot.
I'm outside.
I'm injured.
I'm anxious.
I'm annoyed.
Do that, OK?
Do that now.
I'm insane.
I'm filthy.
I'm amazed.
I hate rap.
Is he Tom?
I met Tom.
I do that.
I clapped.
I think Tom likes doing that.
I think Tom likes playing tennis.
I think Tom likes to do that.
I think Tom likes to play tennis.
I told Tom that he shouldn't eat raw pork.
Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary are doing that on their own.
Tom and Mary are doing that with John.
Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom hasn't been feeling well.
Tom hasn't eaten anything since yesterday.
Tom hasn't eaten anything today.
Tom hasn't eaten at home in a long time.
Tom isn't likely to want to help Mary.
Tom made a pot of coffee.
Tom picked up his daughter at day care.
Tom plays the viola much better than Mary.
Tom said his favorite composer was Mozart.
Tom said Mozart was his favorite composer.
Tom says he kissed Mary.
Tom says he plays the recorder.
Tom says he saw Mary.
Tom says he sings tenor.
Tom says he stayed up all night studying.
Tom says he talked to Mary.
Tom says he wants to get a driver's license.
Tom says he wants to go home early.
Tom says he wants to go to Boston.
Tom says he wants to lose weight.
Tom says he wants to play golf with me.
Tom says he wants to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom says he's doing that.
Tom says he's getting a divorce.
Tom says he's moving to Boston.
Tom says he's studying French.
Tom says he's teaching Mary French.
Tom wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom wanted to eat steak.
Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom wanted to listen to Mozart.
Tom wanted to listen to some Mozart.
Tom wanted to listen to something by Mozart.
Tom won't be able to do that that soon.
Africa is the cradle of mankind.
Was the teacher young?
Was the notebook blue?
Are the old chairs brown?
Is the new teacher fat?
Is the new student good?
I know that he knows her, but I don't know from where.
That's a bad translation.
What was there under the lamp?
The biggest door is next to the window.
That's a large table.
Do you work on Saturday as well?
What time are you setting off?
The young boy was a good pupil.
What was there above the little table?
She's a head shorter than I am.
What are you like?
All grown-ups were once children.
This is my teacher's bag.
Tom noticed that Mary had a new haircut, and paid her a compliment.
Haven't you done anything yet?
Everyone was eating and drinking, but I didn't want anything.
Tom is one of the reasons why I'll never again pick up a guitar. How could I ever become so good?
My bank statement is also a visual record of questionable decisions.
There's a lot of grass in our garden, and there are many pretty flowers and tall trees.
When Mary came home, she smelt straight away, in spite of an airing-out, that Tom hadn't kept his promise not to smoke in the flat any more.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand.
It's good for people's health.
By what means of transport did you get here?
"I'll make meat strips out of Tom if I get my hands on him!" "Now, because of you, I'm hungry! Just tell me that you'll cut him into kindling! "
He considered her plan carefully.
You can cook delicious food in an old pan.
He who shook the fruit from the tree should also gather it up.
I'm afraid you've fundamentally misunderstood me.
Lovers see only themselves in the world, but they forget that the world sees them.
There's still one thing I don't understand.
A proper gentleman brings his lady red roses.
Did you put "sugar" on the shopping list?
I feel now as if a weight has lifted from me.
What's the point of us being here?
Whenever there's something new, Tom's always as keen as mustard, but it doesn't last long before it turns into something old.
Whenever there's something new, Tom's always mad for it, but it doesn't last long before it gets old.
Whenever there's something new, Tom's always full of enthusiasm, but it doesn't last long before it becomes something old.
"In what language does one write to Father Christmas?" "In English, of course."
"What language do you write to Father Christmas in?" "In English, of course."
You just don't know when to shut up.
Mary speaks perfect French. She speaks fluent German as well.
I succeeded in reproducing the error, and I also have an idea about what might be causing it.
You have no idea what Mary is capable of. Beware of her!
Tom's squirrel is super intelligent. It has an IQ three times higher than Tom's, and considers him its pet.
The sentence contains some serious mistakes.
I demand an answer to my question!
Tom is a dedicated teacher.
Why do you want to become a nurse, then?
I was glad when I woke up and realised that it had all been just a bad dream.
Let's pay Tom a surprise visit! It's twelve o'clock - maybe we can invite ourselves to lunch.
"Are you angry with me?" "Yes, a little bit."
Mary stepped out into the moonlit meadow.
He got the date wrong.
Gdask is the biggest city in the north of Poland.
The miner likes to mine.
I mine because it is my job.
Theres a game called Minecraft that is about mining.
Gold is mined in this area.
You arent allowed to mine here.
Lets mine that ship.
We didn't find anything interesting, when we mined her ship.
I think we have mined all the gold in this area.
They were mining when it collapsed.
It is dangerous to mine there.
We are not going to mine in Australia again.
Much also depends on how willing we are to learn.
I see things otherwise.
Everyone suffers differently.
This works differently.
They had few opportunities to practice it.
Shall this be thrown away?
You can say this in two ways.
Tom is a name often mentioned these days in the same breath as Homer, Dante or Shakespeare.
I listened to her in silence, stunned by the depth of her contempt.
It's just a product of the imagination.
Do you prefer spring or fall?
This product was advertised on TV.
Ulrike is a beautiful German and female first name.
It's definitely starting to rain.
Tom read out Mary's letter to us in a monotone voice.
After one last flicker, the candle went out.
Everyone complains about their memory, no one about their understanding.
You can't leave me hanging like that!
I've locked the front door.
The landlord thought: "A chef like that would be useful in my pub!"
I understand you only too well.
Cold calling crypto scammers, trying to sell fake digital currencies, have been busted by police in London.
The ability to show weakness is a strength.
Many animals and trees of the Amazonian forest have Tupi names.
Mary stood there, open-mouthed and speechless.
The company has spent a lot of money on advertising.
He lit candles in his room.
They lit candles in their room.
Tom once described Mary as having a gamine look.
Tom was born under the sign of Gemini.
How would Tom look today if he were still alive? The following photomanipulation attempts to find an answer to this.
Mary stood gaping and speechless.
Is the coffee strong enough?
The coffee could be a bit stronger.
If I were not such a blackguard myself, I'd call you one, for your treatment of your wife.
Absolute temperature is a temperature measured from absolute zero in kelvins.
My mother is a sex worker.
Sex workers work in the sex industry.
An outpatient clinic is the part of a hospital designated for the treatment of outpatients.
It had come to a full stop.
A wicket is a small door or gate.
Please open the window. I'm suffocating.
Mary has spent the last few hours studying an article.
The newspaper hasn't published his article yet.
John makes music, but doesn't sing.
I have nothing against sentences from non-native speakers. Sometimes they are like cuckoos' eggs, which are no longer easy to throw out of the nest.
Your offer on the house is not acceptable.
How many colours does your country's flag have?
Tom wanted to impress his girlfriend, but she only laughed at him.
Put it where you can.
Warning, do not panic. Power will be restored in a few minutes.
How many colours does your country's flag have?
Your offer on the house is not acceptable.
This time, our knowledge will be truly put to the test.
So when did you decide that?
Where are you, then?
Get up children!
Mendini has many facets: he's an architect, a designer, an artist and a poet.
Look at this flower.
No one wanted to talk about those things.
Thomas, what are you doing?
They don't have anything.
An Afghan (woman) is a citizen of Afghanistan.
My phone charger is broken.
Tom lived with me.
I'm already there.
I'm already there.
Don't bother; they're here.
Mary proposed a different project to the commission.
The truth, spoken bluntly, hurts.
The flood tide destroyed the sandcastle.
Tom said he'd pick me up at six.
Tom wanted to impress his friends, but he just made a fool of himself.
The wolverine has been branded with a hell of a reputation.
Everybody loves the musician.
Our teachers use the interactive teaching method, in which particular attention is given to communicating with pupils.
Wait a minute; I'm not finished yet.
The word "but" is much more important than the word "and".
I'm not the least bit interested in physics.
What does that mean? I haven't the faintest idea.
It is still too early to draw conclusions.
My God, why have you made life so beautiful? Oh God, but so short is our life!
Our life is at stake.
A kilogramme is a basic unit of measurement.
Science has changed our life.
Life offers us millions of possibilities.
A thousand possibilities invite us to a new life.
Shouldn't you be at school?
About seven billion people live on our planet.
We live our life and die our death.
You have no reason to be sad!
We act in our lives without rehearsal and prompter.
Why can't giraffes sing?
Everything, really everything at Tom's place is connected with cats.
Tom feared that his relationship with Mary would be published in the gossip columns of the daily press.
What's a typical day for you?
It's easier once the ice has broken.
Politics is the art of the possible.
I'm on your heels.
I'm on your tail.
Let us print the image of eternity on our life.
I just skived off yesterday.
We haven't bought any bread.
If we can't find a solution, we have a problem.
My boyfriend visited an andrologist due to erection problems.
My brother studies andrology.
Mary made her way to the small grove of peach trees near her house for some quiet reflection.
I cannot understand why he doesn't listen to me.
Circumcision is unnecessary.
She looked like a teacher, and later I found that she actually is one.
Have you registered that here?
He won't answer any more.
The statistics show this.
Try the soup and add salt according to taste.
A boy should be circumcised to look like his father.
Circumcision is painful.
Though strength fails, the will's to be praised.
Circumcision of children is unethical.
I am not circumcised.
My boyfriend is not circumcised.
Drink as much as you want.
I'm looking for someone who speaks German.
A quiet act is worth more than an impressive speech.
There's no shortage of problems in her family.
Hypophysitis is an inflammation of the pituitary gland.
Hypophysitis is an inflammation of the hypophysis.
I'll tell your father how you behaved!
Hypophysitis is a rare disease.
The dentist has many years of experience.
A tumor of the hypophysis can cause hypopituitarism.
Whenever he explains something, he can't stop. He rambles on.
A tumor of the pituitary gland can cause hypopituitarism.
I like my foreskin.
My girlfriend has 3 nipples.
The more the comments written on a sentence, the higher the probability of a - possibly modified - quote from Shakespeare.
I accidentally found my sister's dildos.
Yesterday I bought a dildo.
Please leave this place the way you found it.
I would like to visit Argentina.
We've got to unload this lorry before it starts to rain.
We'll start from the beginning.
We'll start from scratch.
Harvard scientists have measured the amount of male hormone in the saliva of 58 single and married men with or without children.
Yet, stay!
It's time to stop this brinkmanship.
There's no loo roll left!
The temples on Mars are decorated with lotus flowers.
Don't shout like that, he's not deaf.
I don't believe a word people say about her.
I don't have any time left; hurry yourself up a bit!
Do you seriously plan on getting yourself this old banger?
We had a fiery debate in this respect.
Germany is the only country in which the Schlager singers look like their songs.
Have you seen this bull's horns? They're huge!
That's right and proper!
If we want to be finished today we have to get a move on!
Not every book is worth reading.
He didn't notice that Mary and Eve had come in.
It's impossible to describe that in words.
You know exactly what I mean to say.
Winter went quickly by; now March and spring are here.
The problem is I don't have time for it.
The boy's as fit as a fiddle!
Young people are better than their reputation amongst the old.
Are you still asleep?
A healthy heart leads to a healthy life.
I bought her a dildo.
You've kept me waiting for two hours.
That's how Tom became famous.
It is impossible to depict that by means of words.
Describe the accident in detail.
My great-uncle speaks Frisian.
That defies any description.
The confusion defies description.
The man corresponded to the description.
The man corresponded with the description.
The film was much better than I'd expected it to be.
She's giving blood to save her brother.
It's really not a good idea.
She's giving blood to save her sister.
He's giving blood to save his sister.
He's giving blood to save his brother.
They are Koreans.
She is my sister.
Of course I will be a good student.
There is still something I don't understand.
Henry is at home.
Great artists are those who impose on humanity their particular illusion.
After a comeback of 3 years, how have (they) been doing?
Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine plus one is one thousand.
We are looking for lodging accommodations.
I just want to sleep!
Tom's a mediocre painter.
Give me my glasses, please.
I only understand some words now and then.
You'll play football soon.
You played football yesterday.
There are two chairs next to the table.
Are there any windows in the wall?
Are there any parks in the town?
Tom sent Mary a love letter, but he never did find out whether it arrived.
This is my thousandth Esperanto sentence.
This cognac is about thirty years old, no less.
I'll call him before I go.
The air today is damp and cold. The sky is cloudy, and it looks like rain.
The sudoku in today's paper is very difficult.
We'll write a letter.
Cross me off the list!
The Esperanto handbooks are cheap.
This is my thousandth sentence in Esperanto.
But what's that supposed to be?
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't speak French.
It's our dream that our children receive a good education.
Does the wall have any windows?
There's no loo paper left!
Look for the lost key.
He rarely puts sugar in his coffee.
Hopefully the summer will come soon!
Snails are hermaphroditical.
Mary is a northerner. She comes from the Kiel region.
I scratched my records.
You will eat bread.
The air here is very bad.
Why did you open the door?
We think in words and pictures.
One of my friends repaired my bike for me yesterday.
They had a picnic in the field.
The teacher is writing something on the board.
This colourful dress will suit you, with your slim figure, very well.
We searched the entire shop for Tom, and found him in the toy department.
The Latin in the film doesn't follow the scientifically reconstructed pronunciation, but instead sounds rather like Italian.
Tom's only pretending to be drunk.
Mark threw the ball higher than he wanted.
This meal is enough for three people.
My friend speaks Dutch natively.
It rains in the Netherlands.
It rains in Sweden.
It snows in Russia.
My fathers were not good people.
My mothers were not good people.
These people are so peaceful. They love their neighbors as themselves, and their speech is pleasant and gentle, accompanied by a smile.
Whoever wants to win a battle must think that he is the winner. You can lose a battle if you think you are the winner. But you can never ever win if you consider yourself a loser.
Love is over when one has forgotten what it is to miss.
"Are you angry with me?" "A bit. Actually, very much." "How can I make up for it? I do not want you to be angry with me!"
Mitzi thought Bruno loved her, but actually he just wanted to do it with her.
Did you call me yesterday morning?
Did you ring me yesterday morning?
He studied a scientific subject at university.
What time did they all come back?
What time did they all return?
Tom's not very fat.
The uncles, aunts, grandads and grandmas are there as well.
Sometimes you're the tree, sometimes you're the dog. Such is life!
Is the dog under the bench yours?
Does the dog under the bench belong to you?
Mary said to Tom: "You're barmy!"
Mary said to Tom: "You're off your rocker!"
"It's not out of laziness or disinterest that we do not work faster." "But?"
Mary gives private tuition in English, so that she can finance her studies.
It'll go well.
At the end of this street is a library.
The plants are thirsty for water.
Meteorologists are people who know a tremendous amount about geophysics, thermodynamics and climatology, and almost nothing about tomorrow's weather.
Tom, your sister has a rare, unusual name. Why did they name her that?
At the end of November, darkness falls early in the day.
It gets dark early in the day at the end of November.
The guests agree.
She liked this game.
You don't put sugar in your coffee.
He came and went without even saying "goodnight".
Mary can't sleep without her cuddly toy shark. She thinks it protects her while she sleeps, and can do that much better than any teddy.
In Norwegian, 'd' and 't' at the end of a word are generally silent.
Mary's pictures often show figures shrouded in a heavy mist.
Do you need a good and simple dish, which takes no more than ten minutes to prepare?
The suit fits well.
She usually goes to school by bicycle.
She usually cycles to school.
Mary is a beginner, but she learns quickly.
Mary's a beginner, but she's a fast learner.
There are preservation miracles.
Because it exists.
Tom is physically and mentally still very active.
My best friend is a Russian.
"Breakfast please at about half past nine. Is the bathing water hot already?" "No, madam, not yet."
I often chat with my Russian friend.
Tom took John by the throat and strangled him, because the gold was glowing so beautifully in the sun. Then he put the ring on his finger.
My headaches are getting worse and worse. I will have to see a doctor.
We are not afraid!
We're not afraid!
This suit does not fit me.
Why so many distant wars, I wonder.
I wonder why there are so many wars.
Imitation is the highest form of flattery.
Lift up your arms.
So many members of our civilized society would do well to live some time with a primitive people.
If I were a bird, I could fly, but my worries would not be smaller  just different.
Do not throw boulders into the river.
Music is sound that thinks.
We can not always tell the same lie to the people! Some day we'll have to imagine a new lie.
Never give up something you have to think about every day!
It seems like her father is a doctor.
Are you a doctor? My father is also a doctor.
Are you a doctor? My father is also a doctor.
Are you a doctor? My father is also a doctor.
Is this your daughter? Who could've thought! She's so grown up!
What's written on your t-shirt?
How many copies do you need?
This coffee is very strong.
She likes to watch television.
I urgently need to go to the dentist.
Did you explain how to behave at the zoo to the children?
Can I invite my friend?
Can I come with my friend?
Children, don't bother grandmother!
My son-in-law works at an insurance company.
This is my son-in-law's workshop.
Are your children already grown up?
Our children are already grown up.
Making artificial flowers is one of my hobbies.
Moderation is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
Maria was wearing long, bright red, artificial fingernails at the party.
Who else knows about this?
He was even more confused than I was.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complainand most fools do. But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.
A great man shows his greatness by the way he treats little men.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other persons point of view and see things from that persons angle as well as from your own.
Tom was voted the sexiest man alive.
Mary was named the world's sexiest woman.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but with creatures bristling with prejudice and motivated by pride and vanity.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Everybody in the world is seeking happinessand there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Talk to someone about themselves and they'll listen for hours.
If you are not in the process of becoming the person you want to be, you are automatically engaged in becoming the person you don't want to be.
"What are you doing?" "I'm thinking."
Count no man happy until he is dead.
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.
In peace sons bury fathers, but in war fathers bury sons.
From great wrongdoing there are great punishments from the gods.
If one should propose to all men a choice, bidding them select the best customs from all the customs that there are, each race of men, after examining them all, would select those of his own people; thus all think that their own customs are by far the best.
It is better to be envied than pitied.
When life is so burdensome death has become a sought after refuge.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Far better is it to have a stout heart always, and suffer one's share of evils, than to be ever fearing what may happen.
I am bound to tell what I am told, but not in every case to believe it.
Before battle was joined they say that someone from Trachis warned him how many Persians there were by saying that when they fired their bows, they hid the sun with the mass of arrows. Dianeces, so the story goes, was so dismissive of the Persian numbers that he calmly replied, "All to the good, my friend from Trachis. If the Persians hide the sun, the battle will be in shade rather than sunlight."
This is the bitterest pain among men, to have much knowledge but no power.
So sue me.
The centre of gravity of any triangle is at the intersection of the lines drawn from any two angles to the middle points of the opposite sides respectively.
It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls and ships of war.
The easiest thing in the world is self-deceit; for every man believes what he wishes, though the reality is often different.
It is not possible to found a lasting power upon injustice, perjury, and treachery.
No man can tell what the future may bring forth, and small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Comedy too can sometimes discern what is right.
For truly on countless occasions throughout my life I have had this experience; persons for a time talk pleasantly with me because of my work among the sick, in which they think me very well trained, but when they learn later on that I am also trained in mathematics, they avoid me for the most part and are no longer at all glad to be with me.
Never hope to conceal any shameful thing which you have done; for even if you do conceal it from others, your own heart will know.
Guard yourself against accusations, even if they are false; for the multitude are ignorant of the truth and look only to reputation.
In all things resolve to act as though the whole world would see what you do; for even if you conceal your deeds for the moment, later you will be found out.
But most of all will you have the respect of men, if you are seen to avoid doing things which you would blame others for doing.
If you love knowledge, you will be a master of knowledge.
What you have come to know, preserve by exercise; what you have not learned, seek to add to your knowledge; for it is as reprehensible to hear a profitable saying and not grasp it as to be offered a good gift by one's friends and not accept it.
Believe that many precepts are better than much wealth; for wealth quickly fails us, but precepts abide through all time; for wisdom alone of all possessions is imperishable.
Strive with all your body to be a lover of toil, and with your soul to be a lover of wisdom, in order that with the one you may have the strength to carry out your resolves, and with the other the intelligence to foresee what is for your good.
Always when you are about to say anything, first weigh it in your mind; for with many the tongue outruns the thought.
Consider that nothing in human life is stable; for then you will not exult overmuch in prosperity, nor grieve overmuch in adversity.
Rejoice over the good things which come to you, but grieve in moderation over the evils which befall you.
For just as we see the bee settling on all the flowers, and sipping the best from each, so also those who aspire to culture ought not to leave anything untasted, but should gather useful knowledge from every source.
All knowledge, when separated from justice and virtue, is seen to be cunning and not wisdom.
The madness of love is the greatest of heaven's blessings.
Friends have all things in common.
Once touched by love, everyone becomes a poet.
It is impossible to conceive of many without one.
Now in this island of Atlantis there was a great and wonderful empire which had rule over the whole island and several others, and over parts of the continent and, furthermore, the men of Atlantis had subjected the parts of Libya within the columns of Heracles as far as Egypt, and of Europe as far as Tyrrhenia.
Pleasure, a most mighty lure to evil.
No one should be discouraged who can make constant progress, even though it be slow.
Captain on deck.
All I know is that I know nothing.
One finds many companions for food and drink, but in a serious business a man's companions are few.
No man takes with him to Hades all his exceeding wealth.
Bright youth passes swiftly as a thought.
Wine is wont to show the mind of man.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
As touching the gods, I do not know whether they exist or not, nor how they are featured; for there is much to prevent our knowing: the obscurity of the subject and the brevity of human life.
A Judge must bear in mind that when he tries a case he is himself on trial.
The road that leads to pleasure is downhill and very easy, with the result that one does not walk but is dragged along; the other which leads to self-control is uphill, toilsome no doubt but exceedingly profitable.
All the good are friends of one another.
We have two ears and one mouth, so we should listen more than we say.
No evil is honorable; but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil.
That which exercises reason is more excellent than that which does not exercise reason; there is nothing more excellent than the universe, therefore the universe exercises reason.
Happiness is a good flow of life.
No thing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
It is difficulties that show what men are.
Only the educated are free.
What is the first business of one who practices philosophy? To get rid of self-conceit. For it is impossible for anyone to begin to learn that which he thinks he already knows.
Whatever you would make habitual, practice it; and if you would not make a thing habitual, do not practice it, but accustom yourself to something else.
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.
Be not swept off your feet by the vividness of the impression, but say, "Impression, wait for me a little. Let me see what you are and what you represent. Let me try you."
God hath placed by the side of each a mans own Guardian Spirit, who is charged to watch over him.
When you have shut the doors and made a darkness within, remember never to say that you are alone; for you are not alone, but God is within, and your Guardian Spirit.
A guide, on finding a man who has lost his way, brings him back to the right path  he does not mock and jeer at him and then take himself off.
There is an art of hearing as well as one of speaking.
Remember that man lives only in the present, in this fleeting instant; all the rest of his life is either past and gone, or not yet revealed. Short, therefore, is man's life, and narrow is the corner of the earth wherein he dwells.
As surgeons keep their instruments and knives always at hand for cases requiring immediate treatment, so shouldst thou have thy thoughts ready to understand things divine and human.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Death hangs over thee. While thou livest, while it is in thy power, be good.
Constantly regard the universe as one living being, having one substance and one soul; and observe how all things have reference to one perception, the perception of this one living being; and how all things act with one movement; and how all things are the cooperating causes of all things which exist; observe too the continuous spinning of the thread and the contexture of the web.
Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.
At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: I have to go to work  as a human being. What do I have to complain of, if Im going to do what I was born for  the things I was brought into the world to do? Or is this what I was created for? To huddle under the blankets and stay warm?
Soon you will have forgotten the world, and soon the world will have forgotten you.
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
Deem not life a thing of consequence. For look at the yawning void of the future, and at that other limitless space, the past.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
All things are implicated with one another, and the bond is holy; and there is hardly anything unconnected with any other things. For things have been co-ordinated, and they combine to make up the same universe. For there is one universe made up of all things, and one god who pervades all things, and one substance, and one law, and one reason.
Adorn thyself with simplicity.
It is not right to vex ourselves at things, for they care not about it.
Look within. Within is the fountain of the good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
A wrongdoer is often a man who has left something undone, not always one who has done something.
It is not fit that I should give myself pain, for I have never intentionally given pain even to another.
Men exist for the sake of one another.
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays the part.
Why are you acting like this?
Don't be afraid!
The slippers are under the bed.
They were tired.
A carpenter is someone who works with wood.
You're wearing odd socks.
She's always witty and eloquent.
For many people, the English 'th' is unpronounceable.
It's exactly as you say.
The birds outside are singing.
See you next week !
Nancy is chatting with her friends
He is trying hard to quit smoking
Pick your friends so that you can benefit from them
One day, Mary showed Tom her true form. She was one of the jinn.
Tom led a double life. He was the father of two families who knew nothing about each other.
I like Germany.
I see through the eyeglasses of love nowadays.
Black eyeglasses cover the eyes of my blind colleague.
I dont understand those translations.
Do you already use Amikumu?
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
Tomorrow is Monday.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Yesterday was Tuesday.
Yesterday was Wednesday.
It's raining heavily.
I bought tobacco and I smoked it.
Tom is a parasite who lives at the expense of others who earn money through hard work.
"Insects have six legs." "But that would mean that spiders are not insects." "That's exactly how it is."
Nicolaus Copernicus  German or Pole? This question provokes heated debate.
Nicolaus Copernicus  German or Pole? This is a hotly debated question.
Sitting at the adjoining table was a German-speaking couple.
At the neighbouring table sat a German-speaking couple.
He stood an entire hour by the window.
Only those who change stay true to themselves.
He felt excluded.
We gave Tom a talking to, and told him, in no uncertain terms, how to behave.
One should doubt everything.
You have to doubt everything.
Wait a bit!
I imagine I know this feeling of relief.
I believe I know this feeling of relief.
I think I know this feeling of relief.
I fancy I know this feeling of relief.
Next week I'll consent to be back to the dentist.
Next week I'll trouble myself to be back to the dentist.
Next week I'll force myself to the dentist again.
Mary's very short-tempered, and often throws a wobbly.
Mary is easily irritated, and often flips her lid.
I tried to convince her, but I didn't succeed.
The goal of writing is to make others see.
The human brain is a wondrous thing. It works until the moment you stand up to make a speech.
When we sleep, the temperature of the body falls by several degrees.
He hit the nail on the head.
Almost everything is easier to start than to finish.
There is someone I am in love with, but who does not return my love. What should I do?
I couldn't give a monkey's.
More and more popular are devices with the alternative Android operating system, which has an open architecture.
It's become warmer today.
It's got warmer today.
Tom handed in an empty sheet of paper for the exam.
The twentieth most frequent letter in Esperanto is 'c'.
That's more or less all I can say at the moment.
She comes from Italy.
She wrote to me that I should come immediately.
The idea that life similar to our own could exist on other planets, I find fascinating.
The idea that life similar to our own could exist on other planets is fascinating to me.
Tatoeba needs a lot of help.
Why didn't Cinderella's shoe disappear after midnight?
"Why is my sister stupid?" "I'm not stupid!" "You're not my sister!"
I need to find a new primary care provider.
Tom does not want to waive his right to a jury trial.
That lawyer has the reputation of being an ambulance chaser.
She told me in no uncertain terms that she would not be coming back.
Tom will be master of ceremonies at the awards dinner.
The roast beef was delicious with horseradish sauce.
He always prefers his pie served a la mode.
They released him with the stipulation that he should not go out of town until the investigation was complete.
They had to put that project on the backburner until financing was arranged.
The suspect was identified quickly after being recorded on closed-circuit television.
Tom is active in student government.
Enrolling in the book club obligates you to buy three more books after the introductory package.
Perhaps it's obvious for you, but not for me.
Mary is not my girlfriend but my wife.
Stop whingeing!
Mockery is the food of fools.
Derision is the food of fools.
Ridicule is the food of fools.
Scorn is the food of fools.
A grain of corn is always wrong in front of a chicken.
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
Money does not buy exemption from illness.
I believe that sexual liberation has been thoroughly misunderstood. Porno kills sex.
I have never been hurt by what I have not said.
Prosperity is only an instrument to be used, not a deity to be worshipped.
"Don't you want a unicorn, Tom?" "Oh, go on then, I'll take one."
I'm not trying to be sexy.
My sister-in-law is a good friend of mine.
Tom is Scottish.
Do you have much free time?
I'm eating breakfast.
I'm having breakfast.
You found the answer.
He answered by smiling.
Oh, come on!
I hope.
We're watching the film.
We're watching a film.
Do you have a computer?
Elvis lives!
I can't any more!
I like her laugh.
If I were you, Tom, I'd stop moping around the house, go outside in this lovely autumn sunshine, and pick some blackberries before they spoil.
"You look tired, Mary." "Yes, I'd been looking forward to today so much that I couldn't sleep, but I'm all right."
When Maria woke up, a gift with a beautiful bow stood on her bedside table. "It can only be from Tom," she thought, but it was not from Tom!
This is not my plate.
One and a half hours are ninety minutes.
Everyone knows that. Why don't you know it?
She loves her son.
They will not be looking for us here.
They won't be looking for us here.
Did you see the eclipse?
Did you watch the eclipse?
Will there be wet weather today?
I'm trouting.
The cook carefully read the recipe.
My cousin serves in the marines.
My cousin serves with the marines.
The stakes couldn't be higher.
His life is at stake.
The sentence makes no sense.
The conservationist is against the building of a tidal barrage across the Severn estuary.
What's the name for an author who writes books or speeches for other people?
I dont have enough money to buy food.
Li Lianjie is a Chinese celebrity.
Tom got the wrong "r" pronunciation.
In the age of the Internet, people who write letters are considered odd.
In the Internet age, people who write letters are regarded as being odd.
The journalists who write for this publisher are not impartial.
The pupils writing the exam had most difficulty with question fourteen.
The biggest hurdle for pupils writing the exam was question fourteen.
We told him about it; apparently he has forgotten.
We told him about it; seems he forgot.
You should absolutely try to drink less beer.
Mind you, we didn't say we'd do it.
We didn't say, however, that we would do it.
Such extra-curricular classes are available only for children who have difficulties in science.
This is confidential, I can only tell him personally.
Do you have more milk?
He lived with me for more than a year.
He lived with you for more than a year.
More than four thousand people escaped.
Tom lived with Mary for more than a year.
The more they have, the more they want.
How do you write a program which makes backup copies?
Tom is, on account of his accent, often taken for a Dutchman; he is in fact an Englishman.
Did you hear the cat miaowing?
"These chocolates taste really good!" "Tom's eaten forty-nine of them." "Tom always was a glutton."
The situation got complicated because you refused your support.
We attended school together.
Mary doesn't want to see me, but I have to find an excuse for talking to her.
Here is the dress that Mary made for herself.
I work from home.
Forget everything I told you!
I have enough; I don't want more.
I grew up, but I have not stopped fearing the dark.
Tarquinius was the last king of the Romans.
The most corrupt government has the most laws.
Carry me.
"May I kiss you?", he said shyly.
He loves himself.
Tell me everything from the very beginning.
You impress me!
My mother wouldn't let me wear one in high school.
Let's go. The car's waiting outside.
Mary wore an ankle bracelet.
Tom has to wear an ankle monitor bracelet while he's out on bail.
I'm not interested in him romantically.
Tom is self-absorbed.
It almost happened.
Mary reached into her tote bag.
It almost happened.
She insisted, but I said no.
He insisted, but I said no.
I want you to live here with me.
Mary looked into Tom's eyes.
You're asking a lot.
You're asking a lot of me.
Tom was always shy around girls.
He caught her eye.
Tom is an entrepreneur.
Everyone was very friendly.
The people were very friendly.
Tom wants to change the world and make it better.
Tom shot a rubber band at Mary.
Do you have a red crayon?
This website was created specifically for people who want to learn foreign languages.
Mary was constantly checking her phone.
It's really complicated.
Tom was a little tipsy.
Mary was a little tipsy.
A system that has been invented by a great man can be defended by small ones.
Our Mary is not afraid of anything!
She caught my attention.
She caught his attention.
He caught her attention.
We talked about work.
What a character.
Tom was caught in an embarrassing situation.
Today, Tatoeba is slower than a tired snail facing headwind.
They were caught in an embarrassing situation.
How is your love life going?
How is your love life?
People fall in love every day all over the world.
Mary goes to spin class every day after work.
Ten more days, then spring!
Guess what I found in the washing machine!
May we never end up that way!
Guard what has been given to you.
You'll only understand the story if I tell you what happened to your father twenty-five years ago.
Didn't we just say we'd do it?
Haven't we just said that we'll do it?
His research spans a wide range of fields.
Rest in peace!
In your arms my soul finds peace.
I pine for you.
I'm languishing for you.
Waiting, observing, and keeping silent can avoid many wars.
Our throats are eager to drink something.
The device fits in the palm of your hand.
I agreed without much thought.
That's a real strongman, bestow upon him a goblet of wine!
Oh, how I long for the good old days!
Without strong tendons, large muscles are of no use.
Oh my beloved childhood, I long for you with all my heart!
I'll try, but I don't know for sure whether I'll be able to go to the cinema tomorrow or not.
We were just joking around.
We were just joking around.
She was attracted to him like a moth to a flame.
Mary is a curvy woman.
She was telling the truth.
He was telling the truth.
Mary has a sleeve on her right arm.
To explain this phenomenon, each scientist devised his own theory.
Tom has a full-sleeve tattoo.
Tom and Mary high-fived each other.
I don't know. Why don't you ask him?
Each scientist came up with his own theory to explain this phenomenon.
I don't know. Why don't you ask her?
Tom has superpowers.
Mary has superpowers.
Tattoos are a form of self-expression.
Tom rides his bicycle to work.
The bartender mixed the drinks.
Tom is a little shy with girls.
I asked her to introduce him to me.
I asked him to introduce her to me.
Tom was afraid that he would not make any friends at his new school.
Would you like to invite a friend?
We were just joking around.
Try not to be nervous.
I love your shoes, where did you get them?
She was attracted to him like a moth to a flame.
He was attracted to her like a moth to a flame.
They were attracted to each other like moths to a flame.
Mary is a little shy.
We are friends now.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live according to them.
Mammals care for their young.
Some people need a lifetime to understand this.
Tom went to a Catholic school.
Mary baked some cookies for me.
We talked the whole night.
We friended each other on Facebook.
Tom and Mary friended each other on Facebook.
All human offenses are the result of a lack of love.
How can you say such a horrible thing?
Her eyes sparkled.
My sister spends a lot of time on her little allotment.
She seemed embarrassed.
Order five pizzas, and you'll get the sixth free.
He seemed embarrassed.
I missed her a lot.
I missed him a lot.
Tom has a stressful job.
We're just friends, seriously!
"I missed you a lot." "I missed you too!"
I'm not really surprised.
Is that blood on your clothes?
Do not ask what life gives you, ask what you give.
I liked the book very much.
In front of the house is a tree.
A tree stands in front of the house.
Instead of waiting for Tom to come up and speak to you, you should just go up to him.
They're sitting in the shade of the chestnut trees.
The house looked wonderful with its fresh coat of paint.
This work is too heavy and exhausting for a single woman. I will activate my robot!
After six o'clock, it gradually became light.
A square has four corners and four sides.
Have you noticed that the word 'problem' contains the word 'poem'?
He'll certainly pass the entrance exam.
Love should be taken seriously, but not tragically.
Give a woman responsibility and she will know how to take it.
Facebook is more and more censored. It's not democracy at all.
How can Facebook be profitable if we don't have to pay for the usage of it?
Photography is his favourite hobby.
The fault was fixed.
The fault has been repaired.
Include two recent colour photos with your application.
For once in my life, someone finally appreciates what I do.
Dawn came after six o'clock.
Water is composed of oxygen and hydrogen.
Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
The last person I would trust a secret to is Mary.
Tom was taken to hospital with suspected carbon monoxide poisoning.
Do not fell a tree that gives you shade.
Don't cut down a tree that gives you shade.
We use the word "i" when we are not talking about a man or a woman, but about something that has no sex or whose sex is unknown or indifferent to us. Consequently, we can almost always use this word very well in place of "tio", whose meaning is almost the same.
I'm curious about what you'd have done in this situation.
I didn't understand anything, either.
Having close friends is more important than being popular.
Older workers tend to be more unhappy in their jobs.
Older workers tend to be more unhappy in their jobs.
Are you lucky or unlucky?
The Brazilian president Michel Temer has abolished the Renca rainforest reserve, which is the size of Denmark.
We shouldn't destroy the rainforest just so that a few people can make more money.
Shy people avoid eye contact and blush easily.
I read a really interesting book.
Why are some people shy?
People who are shy have difficulty in being assertive.
I asked her on a date and she said yes.
Tom opened the book at random and started reading.
Mary went to a Catholic school.
The hedge fund manager was convicted of insider trading.
Tom's favorite dinosaur is the stegosaurus.
Do you remember what they were wearing?
Do you remember what she was wearing?
Do you remember what he was wearing?
Tom's computer crashed.
She borrowed one of his T-shirts.
He failed to impress her.
He thought it would impress her.
A bucket list is a list of things people want to do before they kick the bucket, or die.
Pride said she just wanted to cross a marathon off her bucket list.
Tom stopped to rest because he was too tired.
People who have visited at least 35 of the 50 states can become members of the All 50 Club for a small fee.
It can take 12 hours to get from Texarkana (in east Texas) to El Paso (in west Texas).
Sue Fowler of Maryland traveled to the states with her parents when she was a teenager in the 1960s.
Fowler rode a donkey all the way to the bottom of the Grand Canyon.
Fowler has visited 48 states, with Hawaii and Alaska to go.
She was madly in love with him.
Tom drives a red Ferrari.
Tom was afraid that Mary would say no.
The paramedics arrived quickly.
The pizza will be delivered in 30 minutes or it's free.
Mary just couldn't stop crying.
She was afraid that he would say no.
Will I be able to walk again?
Tom couldn't move his legs.
He was madly in love with her.
Mary has bright pink hair.
Stop staring. It's rude.
Mary wore a white miniskirt.
She looked like a sad angel.
Tom came back from the kitchen into the living room with two bottles of beer and handed one of them to John.
He couldn't stop staring at her.
She wrapped her arms around his waist.
Scientists have discovered that a 3700 years old Babylonian clay tablet was in fact the world's oldest trigonometric table.
This ancient Babylonian trigonometric table is in some respects superior to modern trigonometry.
The Babylonians counted in base 60.
Trigonometry is a branch of mathematics that studies triangles.
Tom left the party after midnight.
Cinderella left the party just before midnight.
Cinderella left the party at the final stroke of midnight.
The story of Cinderella is one of the most popular in the world.
Do not show the snake the stick with which you want to hit them.
When Rhodopis was bathing, an eagle snatched one of her sandals from her maid and carried it to Memphis; and while the king was administering justice in the open air, the eagle, when it arrived above his head, flung the sandal into his lap; and the king, stirred both by the beautiful shape of the sandal and by the strangeness of the occurrence, sent men in all directions into the country in quest of the woman who wore the sandal; and when she was found in the city of Naucratis, she was brought up to Memphis, became the wife of the king, and when she died was honoured with a great tomb.
It's not the tail that moves the dog, but the dog that moves the tail.
The thought of not risking something frightens me to death.
Cinderella slept in a sorry garret, on a wretched straw bed, while her sisters slept in fine rooms, with floors all inlaid, on beds of the very newest fashion, and where they had looking glasses so large that they could see themselves at their full length from head to foot.
This godmother of hers, who was a fairy, said to her, "You wish that you could go to the ball; is it not so?" "Yes," cried Cinderella, with a great sigh.
My goal in life is to make people think. If I do that, I've been a success.
There is a revolution coming. It will not be like revolutions of the past. It will originate with the individual and with culture, and it will change the political structure only as its final act. It will not require violence to succeed, and it cannot be successfully resisted by violence. It is now spreading with amazing rapidity, and already our laws, institutions and social structure are changing in consequence. It promises a higher reason, a more human community, and a new and liberated individual. Its ultimate creation will be a new and enduring wholeness and beauty  a renewed relationship of man to himself, to other men, to society, to nature, and to the land. This is the revolution of the new generation.
The logic and necessity of the new generation  and what they are so furiously opposed to  must be seen against a background of what has gone wrong in America. It must be understood in light of the betrayal and loss of the American dream, the rise of the Corporate State of the 1960's, and the way in which that State dominates, exploits, and ultimately destroys both nature and man. Its rationality must be measured against the insanity of existing "reason"  reason that makes impoverishment, dehumanization, and even war appear to be logical and necessary. Its logic must be read from the fact that Americans have lost control of the machinery of their society, and only new values and a new culture can restore control. Its emotions and spirit can be comprehended only by seeing contemporary America through the eyes of the new generation.
The American dream was not, at least at the beginning, a rags-to-riches type of narrow materialism.
Innocence and optimism have one basic failing: they have no fundamental depth.
The presumed causes of Americas troubles can be summed up simply: the evils of unlimited competition, and abuses by those with economic power.
Thus we have the spectacle, still to be seen today, of the western rancher who accepts federal aid for his cattle operations and federal aid for his grazing requirements, but bitterly opposes all social programs that do not concern him, and the philosophy that lies behind them.
The great crime of our time, says Vonnegut, was to do too much good secretly, too much harm openly.
Organizations are not really "owned" by anyone. What formerly constituted ownership was split up into stockholders' rights to share in profits, management's power to set policy, employees' right to status and security, government's right to regulate. Thus older forms of wealth were replaced by new forms.
Nothing makes us angrier than the fear that some pleasure is being enjoyed by others but forever denied to us.
No person's gain in wisdom is diminished by anyone else's gain.
Tom was in his skivvies.
We have to view our society with concern and passion, and see what we can learn from each of our experiments. When we get upset and angry about politics  whether it is conservative, liberal, or whatever  we tend to think in terms of right and wrong, not what we can learn.
The liberals of the nineteen-thirties were diverse, but they had a common vision. They accepted democracy, the free market, and capitalism. However, they thought that unless the market was not corrected or ameliorated, there would be child labor, neglect of the elderly, dangerous and harmful consumer goods, monopolies squeezing people out of business and forcing down wages  in short, there would be the horror of Great Britain's Industrial Revolution before the British began passing social legislation.
I'm not able to repair my car. Although I play characters that can do that.
Today, a great many people cannot find any work. People are dispossessed and cannot support themselves or their families. Many are homeless. For many others, work has become a rat race: something to be endured, not enjoyed.
Today we are witnessing an impoverishment: the apparent drying up of resources for all kinds of things that are badly needed. We seem to have no money for housing, for education, or for health and social services. And yet we have a deficit, and we are told by candidates for public office that we must cut the federal budget even more. This impoverishment is a mystery.
Everybody is fighting each other under the illusion that it is the "other people" that are causing the problem. We don't realize that we are all in the same boat. We are all suffering from the absence of a system that can pull us together and assure us that the results of each person's work will come back to him and enhance his life in some way.
I see self-destruction now on a grand scale. That is, the unwillingness to pay for the things society needs. That's the most basic kind of self-destruction. That we're not prepared to pay for schools, we're not prepared to pay for highways. That is self-destruction. What are we doing to ourselves? It is nuts.
As long as we consider only the growth of goods and ignore the growth of personal and community well-being, we will be impoverished by growth.
The pilot ejected from his plane.
Now there was once a farmer who had but one daughter of whom he was very proud because she was so clever.
Now there was once a farmer who had but one daughter of whom he was very proud because she was so clever. So whenever he was in any difficulty he would go to her and ask her what he should do.
I fancy those arrows did not come from your quiver. Who told you how to answer so cleverly?
Please your Majesty, it was my daughter who is the cleverest girl in all the world.
The King was so delighted with the cleverness of the girl that he determined to marry her.
I have never seen such magnificent landscapes. I hope with all my heart that in the sky we can paint.
he King was so delighted at the way in which the farmer's daughter had solved the riddle that he immediately married her and made her his Queen.
And they lived very happily together though no children came to them.
When they dined together the Queen put a sleeping potion in the King's cup.
Then the Queen said, "You allowed me to take with me that which I loved best in the palace, and so I took you."
Then the King recognized the love his Queen had for him, and brought her back to his palace, and they lived together there forever afterwards.
Tom's back seized up.
Tom was bedridden for a week.
Tom and Mary live in the biggest house on the block.
Mary was a timid child.
Are you going to the barn dance?
Tom tried to scare his sister by dressing up in a gorilla costume.
Tom is a grizzled old man.
When Cinder-Maid went to the ball the Prince would dance with none but her; and when midnight came round she fled as before. But the Prince, hoping to prevent her running away, had ordered the soldiers at the foot of the stair-case to pour out honey on the stairs so that her shoes would stick in it. But Cinder-Maid leaped from stair to stair and got away just in time.
There was once a man who was the laziest man in all the world. He wouldn't take off his clothes when he went to bed because he didn't want to have to put them on again. He wouldn't raise his cup to his lips but went down and sucked up his tea without carrying the cup. He wouldn't play any sports because he said they made him sweat. And he wouldn't work with his hands for the same reason.
He went to an inn by the roadside and said to the landlady, "Can you give me lodging for the night, me and my pea?" "Well, no," said the landlady, "I haven't got a bed free, but I can take care of your pea for you."
The landlady put the pea upon a dresser and left it there, and a chicken wandering by saw it and jumped up on the dresser and ate it. So when the laziest man called the next day and asked for his pea the landlady couldn't find it.
"You had better give me the chicken." "Why, whatwhenhow?" stammered the landlady. "The chicken is worth thousands of your pea." "I don't care for that; it has got my pea inside it, and the only way I can get my pea is to have that which holds the pea."
Once upon a time there was a fisherman who was very poor and felt poorer still because he had no children.
One day as he was fishing, the fisherman caught in his net the finest fish he had ever seen, the scales all gold and eyes as bright as diamonds.
I am the King of the Fishes, if you let me go you shall always have your nets full.
They heard that a Seven-Headed Dragon was ravaging the neighbouring kingdom, and that the king had promised his daughter's hand to anyone that would free the land from this scourge.
They both wanted to go and fight the dragon, but at last the twins agreed that George go and Albert stop at home and look after their father and mother, who had now grown old.
Have you not heard, sir, that the Dragon with the Seven Heads has been eating up a pure maiden every month? And now he demands that the princess herself shall be delivered up to him this day. That is why the town is draped in black and we are all so gloomy.
Flee before it's too late.
As they were talking, a horrible roar rent the air and the Dragon with the Seven Heads came towards the princess.
And thereupon began a mighty combat between George and the dragon; and whenever the dragon came near to George his dog would spring at one of his paws, and when one of the heads reared back to deal with it George's horse would spring to that side, and George's sword would sweep that head away.
And so at last all the seven heads of the dragon were shorn off by George's sword, and the princess was saved.
George was so tired out by the fight that he laid down to sleep with his head in the princess's lap, and she parted his hair with her hands and saw the star on his brow.
He mounted his horse, and with his faithful hound went on seeking further adventures through the world.
When Tom wanted beef for dinner Joan liked pork, and if Joan wanted to have chicken Tom would like to have duck. And so it went on all the time.
Hurricane Harvey is the fiercest hurricane to hit the U.S. in more than a decade.
This is exactly that I was looking for.
Life goes by really fast.
Tom doesn't really have any close friends.
"No, no, father," said the princess, "I am not old enough to marry yet; give me, at any rate, a year and a day before the wedding takes place," for she hoped that George would come and save her from the wicked marshal.
Princess, a man can die once, and I will willingly try to save you from the dragon.
There was once a merchant that had three daughters, and he loved them better than himself.
The eldest daughter asked to have a necklace; and the second daughter wished to have a gold chain; but the youngest daughter said, "Bring back yourself, Papa, and that is what I want the most."
The merchant fell on his knees and begged for his life for the sake of his three daughters who had none but him to support them.
"Thieving is thieving," said the Beast, "whether it be a rose or a diamond; thy life is forfeit."
As soon as he got into his house his daughters came rushing round him, clapping their hands and showing their joy in every way.
When they sat down invisible hands passed them things to eat and to drink, and they ate and drank to their heart's content.
When they arose from the table it arose too and disappeared through the door as if it were being carried by invisible servants.
Suddenly there appeared before them the Beast who said to the merchant, "Is this thy youngest daughter?" And when he had said that it was, he said, "Is she willing to stop here with me?" And then he looked at Bella who said, in a trembling voice, "Yes, sir."
No harm shall befall thee.
The Beast returned to Bella and said to her, "This house with all that therein is is thine; if thou desirest aught clap thine hands and say the word and it shall be brought unto thee." And with that he made a sort of bow and went away.
So they spoke together about the garden and about the house and about her father's business and about all manner of things, so that Bella lost altogether her fear of the Beast.
Shortly afterwards her father came to see her and found her quite happy, and he felt much less dread of her fate at the hands of the Beast.
So it went on for many days, Bella seeing and talking to the Beast every day, till she got quite to like him, until one day the Beast did not come at his usual time, just after the mid-day meal, and Bella quite missed him
She wandered about the garden trying to find him, calling out his name, but received no reply.
At last she came to the rose-bush from which her father had plucked the rose, and there, under it, what do you think she saw! There was the Beast lying huddled up without any life or motion. Then Bella was sorry indeed and remembered all the kindness that the Beast had shown her; and she threw herself down by it and said, "Oh, Beast, Beast, why did you die? I was getting to love you so much."
No sooner had she said this than the hide of the Beast split in two and out came the most handsome young prince who told her that he had been enchanted by a magician and that he could not recover his natural form unless a maiden should, of her own accord, declare that she loved him.
Thereupon the prince sent for the merchant and his daughters, and he was married to Bella, and they all lived happy together ever afterwards.
Once upon a time there lived in a certain village a little country girl, the prettiest creature that ever was seen.
Her mother was very fond of her, and her grandmother loved her still more. This good woman made for her a little red ridinghood, which became the girl so well that everybody called her Little Red Riding-hood.
One day her mother, having made some custards, said to her: "Go, my dear, and see how your grandmother does, for I hear she has been very ill; carry her a custard and this little pot of butter."
Little Red Riding-hood set out immediately to go to her grandmother's, who lived in another village.
As she was going through the wood, she met Gaffer Wolf, who had a very great mind to eat her up; but he dared not, because of some fagot-makers hard by in the forest. He asked her whither she was going. The poor child, who did not know that it was dangerous to stay and hear a wolf talk, said to him: "I am going to see my grandmother, and carry her a custard and a little pot of butter from my mamma.
"Does she live far off?" said the Wolf. "Oh, yes," answered Little Red Riding-hood; "it is beyond that mill you see there, the first house you come to in the village."
"Well," said the Wolf, "and I'll go and see her, too. I'll go this way, and you go that, and we shall see who will be there first."
The Wolf began to run as fast as he could, taking the shortest way, and the little girl went by the longest way, amusing herself by gathering nuts, running after butterflies, and making nosegays of such little flowers as she met with. The Wolf was not long before he reached the old woman's house. He knocked at the doortap, tap, tap.
"Who's there?" called the grandmother. "Your grandchild, Little Red Riding-hood," replied the Wolf, imitating her voice, "who has brought a custard and a little pot of butter sent to you by mamma."
The good grandmother, who was in bed, because she was somewhat ill, cried out: "Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up."
The Wolf pulled the bobbin, and the door opened. He fell upon the good woman and ate her up in no time, for he had not eaten anything for more than three days.
"Who's there?" called the Wolf. Little Red Riding-hood, hearing the big voice of the Wolf, was at first afraid; but thinking her grandmother had a cold, answered: "'Tis your grandchild, Little Red Riding-hood, who has brought you a custard and a little pot of butter sent to you by mamma."
The Wolf cried out to her, softening his voice a little: "Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up."
Little Red Riding-hood pulled the bobbin, and the door opened.
The Wolf, seeing her come in, said to her, hiding himself under the bedclothes: "Put the custard and the little pot of butter upon the stool, and come and lie down with me."
She said to her: "Grandmamma, what great arms you have got!" "That is the better to hug thee, my dear."
"Grandmamma, what great legs you have got!" "That is to run the better, my child."
"Grandmamma, what great ears you have got!" "That is to hear the better, my child."
"Grandmamma, what great eyes you have got!" "It is to see the better, my child."
"Grandmamma, what great teeth you have got!" "That is to eat thee up."
And, saying these words, this wicked Wolf fell upon Little Red Riding-hood, and ate her all up.
Tom is a documentary maker.
Once upon a time there was a gentleman who married, for his second wife, the proudest and most haughty woman that ever was seen.
She had two daughters of her own, who were, indeed, exactly like her in all things.
The gentleman had also a young daughter, of rare goodness and sweetness of temper, which she took from her mother, who was the best creature in the world.
The wedding was scarcely over, when the step-mother's bad temper began to show itself. She could not bear the goodness of this young girl, because it made her own daughters appear the more odious.
The stepmother gave her the meanest work in the house to do; she had to scour the dishes, tables, etc., and to scrub the floors and clean out the bedrooms.
The poor girl had to sleep in the garret, upon a wretched straw bed, while her sisters lay in fine rooms with inlaid floors, upon beds of the very newest fashion, and where they had looking-glasses so large that they might see themselves at their full length
The poor girl bore all patiently, and dared not complain to her father, who would have scolded her if she had done so, for his wife governed him entirely.
When she had done her work, she used to go into the chimney corner, and sit down among the cinders, hence she was called Cinderwench. The younger sister of the two, who was not so rude and uncivil as the elder, called her Cinderella.
However, Cinderella, in spite of her mean apparel, was a hundred times more handsome than her sisters, though they were always richly dressed.
It happened that the King's son gave a ball, and invited to it all persons of fashion.
Our young misses were also invited, for they cut a very grand figure among the people of the country-side.
They were highly delighted with the invitation, and wonderfully busy in choosing the gowns, petticoats, and head-dresses which might best become them.
This made Cinderella's lot still harder, for it was she who ironed her sisters' linen and plaited their ruffles.
They talked all day long of nothing but how they should be dressed.
"For my part," said the elder, "I will wear my red velvet suit with French trimmings." "And I," said the younger, "shall wear my usual skirt; but then, to make amends for that, I will put on my gold-flowered mantle, and my diamond stomacher, which is far from being the most ordinary one in the world."
They sent for the best hairdressers they could get to make up their hair in fashionable style.
Cinderella was consulted in all these matters, for she had good taste. She advised them always for the best, and even offered her services to dress their hair, which they were very willing she should do.
As she was doing this, they said to her: "Cinderella, would you not be glad to go to the ball?" "Young ladies," she said, "you only jeer at me; it is not for such as I am to go there." "You are right," they replied; "people would laugh to see a Cinderwench at a ball."
Anyone but Cinderella would have dressed their hair awry, but she was good-natured, and arranged it perfectly well.
They were almost two days without eating, so much were they transported with joy. They broke above a dozen laces in trying to lace themselves tight, that they might have a fine, slender shape, and they were continually at their looking-glass.
At last the happy day came; they went to Court, and Cinderella followed them with her eyes as long as she could, and when she had lost sight of them, she fell a-crying.
Her godmother, who saw her all in tears, asked her what was the matter. "I wish I couldI wish I could" but she could not finish for sobbing.
Her godmother, who was a fairy, said to her, "You wish you could go to the ball; is it not so?" "Alas, yes," said Cinderella, sighing.
"Well," said her godmother, "be but a good girl, and I will see that you go." Then she took her into her chamber, and said to her, "Run into the garden, and bring me a pumpkin."
Cinderella went at once to gather the finest she could get, and brought it to her godmother, not being able to imagine how this pumpkin could help her to go to the ball.
Her godmother scooped out all the inside of the pumpkin, leaving nothing but the rind. Then she struck it with her wand, and the pumpkin was instantly turned into a fine gilded coach.
She then went to look into the mouse-trap, where she found six mice, all alive. She ordered Cinderella to lift the trap-door, when, giving each mouse, as it went out, a little tap with her wand, it was that moment turned into a fine horse, and the six mice made a fine set of six horses of a beautiful mouse-colored, dapple gray.
Being at a loss for a coachman, Cinderella said, "I will go and see if there is not a rat in the rat-trapwe may make a coachman of him." "You are right," replied her godmother; "go and look."
Cinderella brought the rat-trap to her, and in it there were three huge rats. The fairy chose the one which had the largest beard, and, having touched him with her wand, he was turned into a fat coachman with the finest mustache and whiskers ever seen.
After that, she said to her: "Go into the garden, and you will find six lizards behind the watering-pot; bring them to me." She had no sooner done so than her godmother turned them into six footmen, who skipped up immediately behind the coach, with their liveries all trimmed with gold and silver, and they held on as if they had done nothing else their whole lives.
The fairy then said to Cinderella, "Well, you see here a carriage fit to go to the ball in; are you not pleased with it?" "Oh, yes!" she cried; "but must I go as I am in these rags?"
Her godmother simply touched her with her wand, and, at the same moment, her clothes were turned into cloth of gold and silver, all decked with jewels.
This done, she gave her a pair of the prettiest glass slippers in the whole world.
Being thus attired, she got into the carriage, her godmother commanding her, above all things, not to stay till after midnight, and telling her, at the same time, that if she stayed one moment longer, the coach would be a pumpkin again, her horses mice, her coachman a rat, her footmen lizards, and her clothes would become just as they were before.
She promised her godmother she would not fail to leave the ball before midnight.
She drove away, scarce able to contain herself for joy.
The King's son, who was told that a great princess, whom nobody knew, had come, ran out to receive her.
He gave her his hand as she alighted from the coach, and led her into the hall where the company were assembled.
There was at once a profound silence; every one left off dancing, and the violins ceased to play, so attracted was every one by the singular beauties of the unknown newcomer.
Nothing was then heard but a confused sound of voices saying: "Ha! how beautiful she is! Ha! how beautiful she is!"
The King himself, old as he was, could not keep his eyes off her, and he told the Queen under his breath that it was a long time since he had seen so beautiful and lovely a creature.
All the ladies were busy studying her clothes and head-dress, so that they might have theirs made next day after the same pattern, provided they could meet with such fine materials and able hands to make them.
The King's son conducted her to the seat of honor, and afterwards took her out to dance with him.
She danced so very gracefully that they all admired her more and more.
A fine collation was served, but the young Prince ate not a morsel, so intently was he occupied with her.
She went and sat down beside her sisters, showing them a thousand civilities, and giving them among other things part of the oranges and citrons with which the Prince had regaled her. This very much surprised them, for they had not been presented to her.
Cinderella heard the clock strike a quarter to twelve. She at once made her adieus to the company and hastened away as fast as she could.
As she was eagerly telling her godmother all that happened at the ball, her two sisters knocked at the door; Cinderella opened it.
"How long you have stayed!" said she, yawning, rubbing her eyes, and stretching herself as if she had been just awakened.
"If you had been at the ball," said one of her sisters, "you would not have been tired with it. There came thither the finest princess, the most beautiful ever was seen with mortal eyes. She showed us a thousand civilities, and gave us oranges and citrons."
The next day the two sisters went to the ball, and so did Cinderella, but dressed more magnificently than before.
The King's son was always by her side, and his pretty speeches to her never ceased. These by no means annoyed the young lady.
Indeed, she quite forgot her godmother's orders to her, so that she heard the clock begin to strike twelve when she thought it could not be more than eleven.
She then rose up and fled, as nimble as a deer.
The Prince followed, but could not overtake her.
She left behind one of her glass slippers, which the Prince took up most carefully.
She got home, but quite out of breath, without her carriage, and in her old clothes, having nothing left her of all her finery but one of the little slippers, fellow to the one she had dropped.
The guards at the palace gate were asked if they had not seen a princess go out, and they replied they had seen nobody go out but a young girl, very meanly dressed, and who had more the air of a poor country girl than of a young lady.
When the two sisters returned from the ball, Cinderella asked them if they had had a pleasant time, and if the fine lady had been there. They told her, yes; but that she hurried away the moment it struck twelve, and with so much haste that she dropped one of her little glass slippers, the prettiest in the world, which the King's son had taken up.
They said, further, that he had done nothing but look at her all the time, and that most certainly he was very much in love with the beautiful owner of the glass slipper.
What they said was true; for a few days after the King's son caused it to be proclaimed, by sound of trumpet, that he would marry her whose foot this slipper would fit exactly. They began to try it on the princesses, then on the duchesses, and then on all the ladies of the Court; but in vain.
The glass slipper was brought to the two sisters, who did all they possibly could to thrust a foot into the slipper, but they could not succeed.
Cinderella, who saw this, and knew her slipper, said to them, laughing: "Let me see if it will not fit me."
Her sisters burst out a-laughing, and began to banter her. The gentleman who was sent to try the slipper looked earnestly at Cinderella, and, finding her very handsome, said it was but just that she should try, and that he had orders to let every lady try it on.
He obliged Cinderella to sit down, and, putting the slipper to her little foot, he found it went on very easily, and fitted her as if it had been made of wax.
The astonishment of her two sisters was great, but it was still greater when Cinderella pulled out of her pocket the other slipper and put it on her foot.The astonishment of her two sisters was great, but it was still greater when Cinderella pulled out of her pocket the other slipper and put it on her foot.
Thereupon, in came her godmother, who, having touched Cinderella's clothes with her wand, made them more magnificent than those she had worn before.
And now her two sisters found her to be that beautiful lady they had seen at the ball. They threw themselves at her feet to beg pardon for all their ill treatment of her.
Cinderella took them up, and, as she embraced them, said that she forgave them with all her heart, and begged them to love her always.
She was conducted to the young Prince, dressed as she was. He thought her more charming than ever, and, a few days after, married her.
Cinderella, who was as good as she was beautiful, gave her two sisters a home in the palace, and that very same day married them to two great lords of the Court.
Once upon a time there was a king and a queen, who were very sorry that they had no children.
At last, however, the Queen had a daughter.
There was a very fine christening; and the Princess had for her godmothers all the fairies they could find in the whole kingdom (there were seven of them), so that every one of them might confer a gift upon her, as was the custom of fairies in those days. By this means the Princess had all the perfections imaginable.
After the christening was over, the company returned to the King's palace, where was prepared a great feast for the fairies.
There was placed before every one of them a magnificent cover with a case of massive gold, wherein were a spoon, and a knife and fork, all of pure gold set with diamonds and rubies.
But as they were all sitting down at table they saw a very old fairy come into the hall. She had not been invited, because for more than fifty years she had not been out of a certain tower, and she was believed to be either dead or enchanted.
The King ordered her a cover, but he could not give her a case of gold as the others had, because seven only had been made for the seven fairies.
The old fairy fancied she was slighted, and muttered threats between her teeth.
One of the young fairies who sat near heard her, and, judging that she might give the little Princess some unlucky gift, hid herself behind the curtains as soon as they left the table. She hoped that she might speak last and undo as much as she could the evil which the old fairy might do.
In the meanwhile all the fairies began to give their gifts to the Princess. The youngest gave her for her gift that she should be the most beautiful person in the world; the next, that she should have the wit of an angel; the third, that she should be able to do everything she did gracefully; the fourth, that she should dance perfectly; the fifth, that she should sing like a nightingale; and the sixth, that she should play all kinds of musical instruments to the fullest perfection.
The old fairy's turn coming next, her head shaking more with spite than with age, she said that the Princess should pierce her hand with a spindle and die of the wound. This terrible gift made the whole company tremble, and everybody fell a-crying.
At this very instant the young fairy came from behind the curtains and said these words in a loud voice: "Assure yourselves, O King and Queen, that your daughter shall not die of this disaster. It is true, I have no power to undo entirely what my elder has done. The Princess shall indeed pierce her hand with a spindle; but, instead of dying, she shall only fall into a deep sleep, which shall last a hundred years, at the end of which a king's son shall come and awake her."
The King, to avoid the misfortune foretold by the old fairy, issued orders forbidding any one, on pain of death, to spin with a distaff and spindle, or to have a spindle in his house.
About fifteen or sixteen years after, the King and Queen being absent at one of their country villas, the young Princess was one day running up and down the palace; she went from room to room, and at last she came into a little garret on the top of the tower, where a good old woman, alone, was spinning with her spindle.
This good woman had never heard of the King's orders against spindles.
"What are you doing there, my good woman?" said the Princess. "I am spinning, my pretty child," said the old woman, who did not know who the Princess was.
"Ha!" said the Princess, "this is very pretty; how do you do it? Give it to me. Let me see if I can do it."
She had no sooner taken it into her hand than, either because she was too quick and heedless, or because the decree of the fairy had so ordained, it ran into her hand, and she fell down in a swoon.
The good old woman, not knowing what to do, cried out for help. People came in from every quarter; they threw water upon the face of the Princess, unlaced her, struck her on the palms of her hands, and rubbed her temples with cologne water; but nothing would bring her to herself.
Then the King, who came up at hearing the noise, remembered what the fairies had foretold.
He knew very well that this must come to pass, since the fairies had foretold it, and he caused the Princess to be carried into the finest room in his palace, and to be laid upon a bed all embroidered with gold and silver.
One would have taken her for a little angel, she was so beautiful; for her swooning had not dimmed the brightness of her complexion: her cheeks were carnation, and her lips coral.
It is true her eyes were shut, but she was heard to breathe softly, which satisfied those about her that she was not dead.
The King gave orders that they should let her sleep quietly till the time came for her to awake.
The good fairy who had saved her life by condemning her to sleep a hundred years was in the kingdom of Matakin, twelve thousand leagues off, when this accident befell the Princess; but she was instantly informed of it by a little dwarf, who had seven-leagued boots, that is, boots with which he could stride over seven leagues of ground at once.
The fairy started off at once, and arrived, about an hour later, in a fiery chariot drawn by dragons.
The King handed her out of the chariot, and she approved everything he had done; but as she had very great foresight, she thought that when the Princess should awake she might not know what to do with herself, if she was all alone in this old palace.
This was what she did: she touched with her wand everything in the palace (except the King and Queen),governesses, maids of honor, ladies of the bedchamber, gentlemen, officers, stewards, cooks, undercooks, kitchen maids, guards with their porters, pages, and footmen; she likewise touched all the horses which were in the stables, the cart horses, the hunters and the saddle horses, the grooms, the great dogs in the outward court, and little Mopsey, too, the Princess's spaniel, which was lying on the bed. As soon as she touched them they all fell asleep, not to awake again until their mistress did, that they might be ready to wait upon her when she wanted them.
The very spits at the fire, as full as they could hold of partridges and pheasants, fell asleep, and the fire itself as well.
All this was done in a moment. Fairies are not long in doing their work.
And now the King and Queen, having kissed their dear child without waking her, went out of the palace and sent forth orders that nobody should come near it.
These orders were not necessary; for in a quarter of an hour's time there grew up all round about the park such a vast number of trees, great and small, bushes and brambles, twining one within another, that neither man nor beast could pass through; so that nothing could be seen but the very top of the towers of the palace; and that, too, only from afar off.
Every one knew that this also was the work of the fairy in order that while the Princess slept she should have nothing to fear from curious people.
After a hundred years the son of the King then reigning, who was of another family from that of the sleeping Princess, was a-hunting on that side of the country, and he asked what those towers were which he saw in the middle of a great thick wood.
Every one answered according as they had heard. Some said that it was an old haunted castle, others that all the witches of the country held their midnight revels there, but the common opinion was that it was an ogre's dwelling, and that he carried to it all the little children he could catch, so as to eat them up at his leisure, without any one being able to follow him, for he alone had the power to make his way through the wood.
The Prince did not know what to believe, and presently a very aged countryman spake to him thus: "May it please your royal Highness, more than fifty years since I heard from my father that there was then in this castle the most beautiful princess that was ever seen; that she must sleep there a hundred years, and that she should be waked by a king's son, for whom she was reserved."
The young Prince on hearing this was all on fire. He thought, without weighing the matter, that he could put an end to this rare adventure; and, pushed on by love and the desire of glory, resolved at once to look into it.
As soon as he began to get near to the wood, all the great trees, the bushes, and brambles gave way of themselves to let him pass through. He walked up to the castle which he saw at the end of a large avenue; and you can imagine he was a good deal surprised when he saw none of his people following him, because the trees closed again as soon as he had passed through them.
However, he did not cease from continuing his way; a young prince in search of glory is ever valiant.
He came into a spacious outer court, and what he saw was enough to freeze him with horror. A frightful silence reigned over all; the image of death was everywhere, and there was nothing to be seen but what seemed to be the outstretched bodies of dead men and animals.
He then crossed a court paved with marble, went up the stairs, and came into the guard chamber, where guards were standing in their ranks, with their muskets upon their shoulders, and snoring with all their might.
He went through several rooms full of gentlemen and ladies, some standing and others sitting, but all were asleep.
He came into a gilded chamber, where he saw upon a bed, the curtains of which were all open, the most beautiful sight ever behelda princess who appeared to be about fifteen or sixteen years of age, and whose bright and resplendent beauty had something divine in it.
He approached with trembling and admiration, and fell down upon his knees before her.
Then, as the end of the enchantment was come, the Princess awoke, and looking on him with eyes more tender than could have been expected at first sight, said: "Is it you, my Prince? You have waited a long while."
The Prince, charmed with these words, and much more with the manner in which they were spoken, knew not how to show his joy and gratitude; he assured her that he loved her better than he did himself.
Their discourse was not very connected, but they were the better pleased, for where there is much love there is little eloquence.
He was more at a loss than she, and we need not wonder at it; she had had time to think of what to say to him; for it is evident that the good fairy, during so long a sleep, had given her very pleasant dreams.
They talked together for four hours, and then they said not half they had to say.
In the meanwhile all the palace had woke up with the Princess; every one thought upon his own business, and as they were not in love, they were ready to die of hunger.
The lady of honor, being as sharp set as the other folks, grew very impatient, and told the Princess aloud that the meal was served.
The Prince helped the Princess to rise. She was entirely and very magnificently dressed; but his royal Highness took care not to tell her that she was dressed like his greatgrandmother, and had a high collar. She looked not a bit the less charming and beautiful for all that.
They went into the great mirrored hall, where they supped, and were served by the officers of the Princess's household.
The violins and haut-bois played old tunes, but they were excellent, though they had not been played for a hundred years; and after supper, without losing any time, the lord almoner married them in the chapel of the castle.
They had but very little sleepthe Princess scarcely needed any; and the Prince left her next morning to return into the city, where his father was greatly troubled about him.
The Prince told him that he lost his way in the forest as he was hunting, and that he had slept in the cottage of a charcoal-burner, who gave him cheese and brown bread.
The King, his father, who was a good man, believed him; but his mother could not be persuaded that it was true; and seeing that he went almost every day a-hunting, and that he always had some excuse ready for so doing, though he had been out three or four nights together, she began to suspect that he was married.
The Prince lived thus with the Princess above two whole years, during which they had two children, the elder, a daughter, was named Dawn, and the younger, a son, they called Day, because he was a great deal handsomer than his sister.
The Queen spoke several times to her son, to learn after what manner he was passing his time, and told him that in this he ought in duty to satisfy her. But he never dared to trust her with his secret; he feared her, though he loved her, for she was of the race of the Ogres, and the King married her for her vast riches alone.
It was even whispered about the Court that the Queen had Ogreish inclinations, and that, whenever she saw little children passing by, she had all the difficulty in the world to prevent herself from falling upon them.
Soon after, the King made war on Emperor Cantalabutte, his neighbor.
He left the government of the kingdom to the Queen, his mother, and earnestly commended his wife and children to her care.
Some few days afterward she went thither herself, and said to her head cook: "I intend to eat little Dawn for my dinner to-morrow." "O! madam!" cried the head cook. "I will have it so," replied the Queen (and this she spoke in the tone of an Ogress who had a strong desire to eat fresh meat), "and will eat her with a sharp sauce."
The poor man, knowing very well that he must not play tricks with Ogresses, took his great knife and went up into little Dawn's chamber. She was then nearly four years old, and came up to him, jumping and laughing, to put her arms round his neck, and ask him for some sugar-candy. Upon which he began to weep, the great knife fell out of his hand, and he went into the back yard and killed a little lamb, and dressed it with such good sauce that his mistress assured him she had never eaten anything so good in her life.
The young Queen was over twenty years old, not reckoning the hundred years she had been asleep.
All had gone well up to now; but one evening this wicked Queen said to her chief cook: "I will eat the Queen with the same sauce I had with her children."
"No, no, madam," cried the poor chief cook, all in tears; "you shall not die, and you shall see your children again at once. But then you must go home with me to my lodgings, where I have concealed them, and I will deceive the Queen once more, by giving her a young hind in your stead."
One evening, as she was, according to her custom, rambling round about the courts and yards of the palace to see if she could smell any fresh meat, she heard, in a room on the ground floor, little Day crying, for his mamma was going to whip him, because he had been naughty; and she heard, at the same time, little Dawn begging mercy for her brother.
The Ogress knew the voice of the Queen and her children at once, and being furious at having been thus deceived, she gave orders (in a most horrible voice which made everybody tremble) that, next morning by break of day, they should bring into the middle of the great court a large tub filled with toads, vipers, snakes, and all sorts of serpents, in order to have the Queen and her children, the chief cook, his wife and maid, thrown into it, all of whom were to be brought thither with their hands tied behind them.
They were brought out accordingly, and the executioners were just going to throw them into the tub, when the King, who was not so soon expected, entered the court on horseback and asked, with the utmost astonishment, what was the meaning of that horrible spectacle.
No one dared to tell him, when the Ogress, all enraged to see what had happened, threw herself head foremost into the tub, and was instantly devoured by the ugly creatures she had ordered to be thrown into it to kill the others. The King was of course very sorry, for she was his mother; but he soon comforted himself with his beautiful wife and his pretty children.
You won't like what I'm going to say.
We're business partners.
Actaeon, a famous hunter, having accidentally seen Artemis on Mount Cithaeron while she was bathing, was changed by her into a stag, and pursued and killed by his fifty hounds.
Hermaphroditus is the son of Hermes and Aphrodite.
Hermaphroditus fell in love with the nymph Salmacis.
When he was fifteen years old, he left his native mountains and Ida, his nursery, delighted to wander in unknown lands, and gaze at unknown rivers, his enthusiasm making light of travel.
Here he saw a pool of water, clear to its very depths. There were no marsh reeds round it, no sterile sedge, no spikes of rushes: it was crystal liquid. The edges of the pool were bordered by fresh turf, and the grass was always green.
A nymph lives there.
Often, its said, her sisters would tell her Salmacis, take up the hunting-spear or the painted quiver and vary your idleness with some hard work, hunting! But she takes up neither the hunting spear nor the painted quiver, and will not vary her idleness with the hardship of hunting.
She only bathes her shapely limbs in the pool, often combs out her hair, with a comb that is made of boxwood from Cytorus, and looks in the water to see what suits it best. Then draped in a translucent robe, she lies down on the soft leaves, or in the soft grass.
Often she gathers flowers.
Then she began to say Youth, O most worthy to be thought a god, if you are a god, you must be Cupid, or, if you are mortal, whoever engendered you is blessed, and any brother of yours is happy, any sister fortunate, if you have sisters, and even the nurse who suckled you at her breast. But far beyond them, and far more blessed is she, if there is a she, promised to you, whom you think worthy of marriage. If there is someone, let mine be a stolen pleasure, if not, I will be the one, and let us enter into marriage together.
After this the naiad was silent. A red flush branded the boys face. He did not know what love was: though the blush was very becoming.
Apples are tinged with this colour, hanging in a sunlit tree, or ivory painted with red, or the moon, eclipsed, blushing in her brightness.
The nymphs eyes blazed with passion.
Today you're the second man who wants to marry me.
Tom wrote a novel.
Mary wrote a novel.
Tom and Mary both write fanfiction.
You're really bad at it.
Tom was in his undies.
Where did you get that dress, Maria? It's great!
"No, you clean it! I'm not your skivvy!" she said.
Tom consoled me.
Where did you get that dress, Maria? It's great!
Where did you get that dress, Maria? It's great!
Where did you get that dress, Maria? It's great!
Where did you get that dress, Maria? It's great!
Tom could have followed me.
Whoever wants to retain everything lets everything escape.
Reason and love are sworn enemies.
Love your enemies.
The father was a veteran of the Korean War.
We don't have enough time.
"We're leaving." "But you just got here."
"I'm leaving." "But you just got here."
Tom stroked the cat's head.
I hope I'll never have to do this again.
Mary has psychic powers.
Tom and Mary broke into the restricted section of the library.
The king was convinced that everyone was plotting against him.
In this part of the country there was a grotto called the Grotto of the Nymphs, which was hollowed out of a large rock rounded at the summit.
Life wasn't easy.
Wampum are shell beads that were used as a currency by Native Americans.
The young people received the charge of the sheep and goats with as much exultation as if they had acquired some powerful sovereignty, and felt more affection for their animals than shepherds usually feel.
It was then the beginning of spring.
In the woods and meadows, and on the mountains the flowers were blooming amid the buzzing murmurs of the bees, the warbling of the birds, and the bleating of the lambs.
The sheep were skipping on the slopes, the bees flew humming through the meadows, and the songs of the birds resounded among the bushes.
All nature joined in rejoicing at the springtide, and Daphnis and Chloe, young and susceptible as they were, imitated whatever they saw or heard. Hearing the carols of the birds, they sang; at sight of the playful skipping of the lambs they danced; and in imitation of the bees they gathered flowers, some of which they placed in their bosoms, whilst with others they wove chaplets which they carried as offerings to the Nymphs.
They tended their flocks and herds together, and carried on all their avocations in common.
Daphnis frequently collected such of the sheep as had strayed, and if a goat ventured too near a precipice Chloe drove it back.
Sometimes one took the entire management both of the goats and the sheep, whilst the other was engaged in some amusement.
Their sports were of a childish, pastoral character; Chloe would neglect her flock to roam in search of day-lilies, the stalks of which she twisted into traps for locusts; while Daphnis often played from morn till eve upon a pipe, which he had formed of slender reeds, perforating them between their joints, and securing them together with soft wax.
The young folks now often shared their milk and wine, and made a common meal of the food which they had brought from home as provision for the day; and the sheep might sooner have been seen to disperse and browse apart, than Daphnis to separate himself from Chloe.
Mitylene is a beautiful and extensive city of Lesbos intersected by various channels of the sea flowing through and around it, and adorned with bridges of polished white stone. You might imagine on beholding it that it was a collection of islets rather than a city.
About twenty-four miles from Mitylene a rich man had an estate, none finer than which could be found in all the surrounding country. The neighbouring woods abounded with game, the fields yielded corn, the hillocks were covered with vines, there was pasture land for the herds, and the whole was bounded by the sea, which washed an extensive smooth and sandy shore.
In this estate whilst a goatherd named Lamon was tending his herds in the fields, he found a little child whom one of his she-goats was suckling.
Whilst they were thus intent on their childish amusements, Love devised a scheme to interrupt their sports.
Two he-goats, belonging to his herd, were jealous of one another, and at last engaged in fight, butting at each other so violently that one of them had a horn broken, and ran away in great pain, bellowing loudly.
Poor Daphnis, at the bottom of the pit, began to lament his sad mishap with tears, anxiously hoping that some one would pass by, and draw him out.
Chloe, who had observed the accident, hastened to the spot, and finding that her companion was still alive, she called a cowherd from an adjacent field to come to his assistance.
The herdsman obeyed the summons, but upon looking for a rope for the purpose of drawing Daphnis out, none was to be found: upon which Chloe unfastened the cord which bound her hair, and gave it to the herdsman who let one end of it down to Daphnis.
Then the herdsman and Chloe, holding the other end of the cord, placed themselves at the edge of the pit, and pulled as strongly as they could, whilst Daphnis climbed up as well as he was able, and at last was extricated from his prison.
After this they returned to their goats and sheep, and finding them browsing quietly and orderly, they sat down at the foot of an oak tree and began to examine whether Daphnis had received any injury.
They found no hurt or blood upon him, but there was a quantity of mud and dirt about his hair and indeed his whole person, and he thought it would be best to cleanse himself.
Accordingly, he proceeded with Chloe to the spring, in the grotto of the Nymphs, and, having given her his tunic and scrip in charge, repaired to the water's edge to wash his hair and person.
His locks were as black as ebony and fell upon his neck which the sun had tanned; but one might have imagined that it was the shadow of his hair that thus darkened the colour of his skin.
As Chloe looked at him it occurred to her that he was very handsome; and as this idea had never occurred to her before, she attributed his comeliness to the effects of the bath.
She washed his back and shoulders for him, and whilst she did so, his skin seemed to her to be so fine and soft that more than once, unobserved by him, she touched herself, doubting which of them had the softer and more delicate skin.
As it was getting late when they left the grotto, the sun being already very low, they drove their goats and sheep homeward, and from that time forth, the one longing in Chloe's mind was to see Daphnis bathe again.
When they returned on the morrow to the pasture, Daphnis, seated under an oak as usual, played his pipe and looked at his goats, which were lying down.
Chloe, seated near him, could see her sheep browsing, but she more frequently turned her eyes upon Daphnis, who was playing the pipe; and, as she gazed at him, she again found him very handsome.
Thinking it was the music that now gave him a comely look, she took the pipe from him and played upon it in hopes that by doing so she herself would appear beautiful.
Then, on her way homeward in the evening, she thought of him admiringly; and that thought was the beginning of love.
Daphnis soon became the only person whom she thought of and cared for, and everything spoke of him to her.
This simple maid, brought up in the fields, and ignorant even of the very name of love, could not have expressed what she felt, but her heart was heavy, and, despite herself, her eyes very often filled with tears.
She spent days without taking food and nights without obtaining sleep; she laughed and wept by turns; she would doze and suddenly awake with a start; she would turn pale and immediately afterwards her cheeks became suffused with a blaze.
A cow stung by a dunfly is not so distracted as she was.
From time to time she fell into a sort of reverie, and when she was quite alone she would reason thus: "I am ill, and yet I do not know my complaint. I suffer, and yet I bear no wound. I feel afflicted, and yet I have not lost any one of my sheep. I burn, although I am seated in the deep shade. How many times have the brambles torn my skin and yet I did not cry? How many bees have pricked me with their stings and yet I was soon cured? Thus that which has now wounded me in the heart must be keener than all those! "
It is true that Daphnis is handsome, but he is not the only one that is comely. His cheeks are rosy, no doubt, but so are the flowers; he sings, but so do the birds. And yet after seeing the flowers and hearing the birds I no longer think of them as I think of him.
Ah! Would that I were his pipe so that I might touch his lips!
Would that I were his little kid that he might take me in his arms!
Thus did the suffering maiden speak and sigh, trying to understand what fire it was that she experienced, but unable even to tell its name.
Dorcon, the herdsman, who had extricated Daphnis and the goat from the pit, a young fellow upon whose chin the first down was just sprouting, had already, on the occasion of that meeting, become enamoured of Chloe, and his passion for her increased day by day.
Sometimes he would give her cheeses made of cow's milk, sometimes ripe fruit, sometimes garlands of fresh flowers, or birds which he had captured in their nests. On one occasion even he presented her with a goblet, gilded at the edges, and on another with a little calf from the mountains.
She, simple and unsuspecting, being totally unaware that all these gifts were but a lover's baits, accepted them willingly, and allowed it to be seen that she was greatly pleased with them; but her pleasure consisted less in possessing them than in being able to share them with Daphnis.
Now, one day Daphnis  it was written that he also should experience the torments of love  quarrelled with Dorcon. They disputed as to which of them was the better-looking of the two, and it was agreed that Chloe, who was present, should judge between them, a kiss from her to be the victor's prize.
"I," he said, "am taller than Daphnis. I keep oxen, whilst he keeps goats; and just as an ox is more valuable than a goat, so is a herdsman, like myself, superior to a goat-herd."
My skin is as white as milk, my hair as golden as ripe wheat; I am as fresh as the leaves in spring.
Daphnis is short and puny, with no more beard than a woman, whilst his body is as tawny as a wolf's skin. By living, too, among his goats, he has contracted a goatish smell. And, besides, he is a mere goat-herd, so poor that he has not even enough means to keep a dog of his own.
My goats are more healthful than this man's oxen will ever be.
lead my goats to pasture, but I have not their smell about me; nor does Pan smell like a goat though there be more of the goat in his nature than aught else.
For sustenance I am content with milk, cheese, hard bread, and light wine, the usual food of such rustics as we are; and whilst I share it with you, Chloe, I have no thought as to what the rich man may eat.
This man is red-haired like a fox, white-skinned like a town-wench, and he will soon be as bearded as a he-goat.
If it be I whom you kiss, Chloe, you will kiss my lips, but if it be he, you will kiss those bristles which are sprouting about his mouth.
Remember, shepherdess, that an ewe suckled you with her milk, and yet you are none the less fair.
On hearing this last word Chloe could restrain herself no longer. Partly to acknowledge the pleasure which she felt on hearing herself thus praised, and partly because she had long desired to kiss Daphnis, she tripped to her feet, and, in a pretty, simple way, gave him the prize.
Hers was truly an artless, unsophisticated kiss, and yet it was well calculated to inflame a young man's heart.
Dorcon, finding himself vanquished, fled into the woods to hide his shame and displeasure, and to devise some other means of succeeding in his love affairs.
As for Daphnis it was as if he had been stung, not kissed, by Chloe.
He became sad; he sighed and shivered, and his heart beat more quickly. He turned pale when he looked at Chloe, and then suddenly a flush suffused his face.
For the first time he now admired the fairness of her hair, the softness of her eyes, and the freshness of her complexion, which was whiter even than the cream-cheese made with the milk of her ewes.
It might have been supposed that he was now for the first time endowed with sight, and that he had formerly been blind.
From that day forth he merely tasted his food, and only just moistened his lips with drink.
He, who had been merrier even than the grasshoppers, became thoughtful and silent; he who had been accustomed to skip about like his kids, remained seated and motionless.
His herd was forgotten; his pipe lay uncared for on the ground; his head was bowed like a flower that droops over its stalk; he was consumed by inward fire, parched like the grass in the hot weather; he knew joy no longer, and no more gaily prattled, unless, indeed, he were speaking to Chloe or about her.
Sometimes when he was alone, he walked along, saying to himself: "Ah! What strange effects I feel from that kiss which Chloe gave me!"
Her lips are more tender than rose-buds, her mouth is sweeter than the honeycomb, and yet that kiss has left a sting sharper than the sting of a bee!
I have frequently kissed my kids; I have kissed her newly-dropped lambs, and the little calf which Dorcon gave her, but that kiss of Chloe's is something new and wonderful!
My breath is gone  my heart pants  my spirit sinks within me and dies away; and yet I long to kiss her in return.
O fatal victory! O strange disease, which I know not how to name!
Could Chloe have tasted some poison before she kissed me? If so, how is it that she survives?
How sweetly the swallows twitter, whilst my pipe is mute!
How gaily the kids skip and play, whilst I sink into listless repose!
How beautifully the flowers shoot forth, but I am not weaving garlands!
The violets and the lilies of the valley are blooming, but Daphnis droops and fades away.
Such were the sensations of poor Daphnis, and thus he vented his feelings; like one within whose heart the sparks of love have for the first time been kindled.
He promised that, if he were so happy as to obtain her as his wife, he was prepared to offer him the handsomest gifts which a herdsman could bestow  a yoke of oxen fit for the plough, four hives of bees, fifty young apple trees for planting, the hide of an ox already tanned as well as a weaned calf annually.
Dryas was almost tempted by this display of friendship and these splendid promises to give his assent to the marriage; but on the other hand he reflected that the girl seemed destined for a higher connection, and he feared that he might find himself in an irremediable difficulty should the maiden ever be identified and her parents learn that he had married her to a man of such low condition, merely for the sake of some presents. For this reason he refused his assent and declined all the gifts, at the same time entreating Dorcon not to be offended.
Dorcon, being thus disappointed for the second time and having given his cheeses away to no purpose, conceived a plan of carrying off Chloe by force, whenever he might find her alone; and having observed that she and Daphnis alternately conducted the flocks to drink, he contrived a scheme which would naturally strike the invention of a herdsman.
One of his bulls, fighting in defence of the herd, had killed a large wolf with his horns; and Dorcon threw this wolf's skin over his back, so that it completely covered him, and adjusted it in such a manner that the skins of the fore legs concealed his arms and hands, while those of the hind legs hung down to his very heels. The animal's head with its widely-extended jaws cased his own as completely as a soldier's helmet.
Having thus "be-wolfed" himself as well as he was able he repaired to the spring, where the sheep and goats usually drank as they returned from pasture.
This spring was in a dell, and the furze, brambles, junipers and thistles around it were so thick, that a real wolf might easily have chosen the spot as a lurking place.
Here Dorcon concealed himself and anxiously waited for the arrival of the thirsty flocks; hoping that Chloe would be so startled and terrified by his wolfish appearance that he would be able to seize her and effect his purpose.
He had not remained there long when Chloe came to the spring with the sheep and the goats, leaving Daphnis engaged in cutting some green leaves as fodder for the kids in the evening.
The dogs (the guardians of the sheep and goats) accompanied Chloe, and scenting about in their usual manner they discovered Dorcon who was in the act of rising up to seize their mistress. Taking him for a wolf they set up a full cry, rushed upon him and began to bite before he could recover from his astonishment.
The dogs were easily appeased by the well-known voices of their master and mistress, who conveyed the lacerated Dorcon to the spring, where they washed the bites which they discovered on his legs and shoulders. Then chewing some elm-leaves they spread them as a salve on the wounds.
Dorcon, having thus been rescued from the jaws of the dogs and not, as the old adage has it, from those of the wolf, went home to nurse himself; while Daphnis and Chloe were occupied until nightfall in the difficult task of collecting their sheep and goats, which being terrified by the sight of the wolfskin and the barking of the dogs had dispersed in different directions.
But with the morning their usual sensations returned.
When they met, they rejoiced; when they parted, they felt sad.
Then they themselves retired to rest, and this was the first night, for a long time past, that they slept soundly: they found that fatigue was the best remedy for the restlessness of love.
They pined with grief and felt a longing which they could not describe.
They knew this only  one of them, that he had lost his peace of mind by a kiss,  the other that her suffering dated from a bath.
The season too was the season of love.
The spring was now over; the summer had begun and all things were in the height of beauty.
The trees were covered with fruit; the fields with corn.
Charming was the chirp of the grasshoppers, delightful was the bleating of the flocks, luxuriant the aspect of the fields.
It was pleasant to breathe the balmy air; you might have fancied that the rivers were asleep so slowly and silently did they flow along, while the breezes sighed and piped as they breathed through the branches of the pines.
The apples fell to the ground as if eager to be gathered by the passing lover.
Every superfluous garment was thrown aside, and the sun beamed forth as if desirous of gazing at the charms which were exposed to his rays.
Daphnis, finding the warmth intolerable, plunged into the rivers; sometimes he merely bathed, sometimes he amused himself with trying to catch the fish which slipped between his fingers and glided through the water, and sometimes he drank of the stream as if he wished to extinguish the flame which he felt within him.
Chloe, when she had milked her ewes, and sometimes Daphnis' goats as well, had great difficulty in making the milk curdle, for the gnats were very troublesome and if she flapped them away they stung her.
However, after her work was done she washed her face, crowned herself with a garland of pine-leaves, put the fawn-skin about her waist and filled a bowl with wine and milk as a beverage for herself and Daphnis.
When noontide drew nigh they felt more ardently in love than ever; Chloe pined and languished at the sight of Daphnis's comeliness which seemed to be without flaw or blemish, and when Daphnis beheld Chloe in her fawn-skin and with the garland of pine-leaves about her brow holding out the bowl to him, he fancied that he beheld one of the Nymphs of the grotto, and drawing near he took the garland from her head and placed it on his own.
Then she, while he was bathing, took his dress and donned it after kissing it lovingly.
Sometimes they sportively began to pelt each other with apples, and on other occasions they amused themselves with adorning each other's hair, which they braided in various forms.
Chloe compared the black hair of Daphnis to myrtle-berries; while he likened her cheeks to apples where the white is suffused with red.
At other times he taught her to play on the pipe, and as she began to breathe into it he snatched it from her, pressed the reeds to his lips and made them sound, under pretence of teaching her and rectifying her errors; but in reality his purpose was to kiss those parts of the instrument which her lips had touched, and thus the pipe became a conductor for his kisses.
While he was thus amusing her in the noon-day heat, with their flocks around them reposing in the shade, Chloe imperceptibly fell asleep.
Daphnis, perceiving it, laid down his pipe and while he gazed on her charms, he thus sighed to himself: "What eyes are those which are now closed in sleep! What a mouth is that which breathes so sweetly! Neither apples nor wild-flowers have so sweet a scent! Ah! But I fear to kiss it! Her lips sting me to the heart, and like new honey drive me mad! Besides, a kiss would awaken her!"
O chattering grasshoppers, if you chirp so loudly you will disturb my Chloe!
At this moment his soliloquy was interrupted by a grasshopper, which, in springing from a swallow that pursued it, fell into Chloe's bosom
As the swallow hovered over her and brushed her cheek with its fluttering wings, the damsel started and screamed; but, seeing the swallow still fluttering near her and Daphnis laughing at her alarm, her fear vanished and she rubbed her eyes which were yet heavy with sleep.
The grasshopper chirped from her bosom, as if in gratitude for its deliverance, and Chloe on hearing it screamed again; whereupon Daphnis laughed, and took the little chatterer from its hiding-place.
The grasshopper kept chirping in his hand.
Chloe was pleased at seeing the innocent cause of her alarm, and having kissed it, she put the grasshopper in her bosom again, where it resumed its song.
On another occasion they delighted themselves with listening to a dove cooing in the neighbouring wood, and upon Chloe inquiring what the bird meant by its note, Daphnis told her the well-known fable which is related to all who ask that question.
"Long ago, my dear," he said, "there was a maid who, like yourself, was beautiful and in the flower of youth."
She tended cattle and she sang so sweetly that the herds were delighted with her song, and she needed neither the crook nor the goad to manage them; they obeyed her voice, and gazed at and listened to the maid as she sat under the shade of a pine tree, crowned with a garland of its leaves and singing the loves of Pan and Pitys the Nymph.
A youth, who pastured his herds at a little distance and who was handsome and fond of melody, vied with her in singing: as he was a man his voice was deeper, but as he was young it was also very sweet.
In her despair, she prayed the Gods to convert her into a bird before she reached her home.
The Gods assented to her prayer, and transformed her into a bird: in which shape, as in her former one, she abides in the mountains, and delights in singing. Her notes bespeak her misfortune, for she is calling her wandering cows.
Such were the delights which summer brought them, but when the autumn came, and the black grapes were covered with a thick bloom, some pirates of Tyre, who had put to sea in a Carian barque, so that they might not be taken for foreigners, approached the coast, and landed, armed with swords and bucklers.
The pirates plundered everything that fell in their way.
The pirates carried off fragrant wine, corn in great plenty, hives full of honey, and even some of Dorcon's cattle.
As the pirates were scouring the country, here and there, it happened that they met Daphnis, who was musing in a melancholy mood and rambling by the sea-shore, quite alone.
When the pirates saw the handsome youth, who, they knew, would be a prize of greater value than all the plunder they could find in the fields, they ceased to pursue the goats or to search for other spoil, and dragged him to their vessel, while he wept in despair, and called loudly on his Chloe.
The pirates had put him on board, slipped their cable, and were rowing from the shore when Chloe came up, carrying in her hand a new pipe as a present for Daphnis.
But when she saw the goats running about in confusion, and heard Daphnis calling out to her each moment in a louder voice, she quitted her sheep, threw down the pipe, and ran towards Dorcon's pasturage, beseeching him to assist her.
She found him lying on the ground: the pirates had hacked him with their swords and he could scarcely breathe, for the blood was flowing from him in streams.
But at the sight of Chloe the memory of his love momentarily revived him, and he exclaimed: "I shall shortly be no more, my dear Chloe; I fought in defence of my cattle, and those wicked robbers, the pirates, have reduced me to this state."
But you, Chloe, must save Daphnis and avenge me by destroying them.
I have taught my cows to follow the sound of this pipe, and to obey its call, even if they be grazing at the greatest distance.
Take this pipe; play upon it the notes in which I once instructed Daphnis, and in which Daphnis instructed you.
Do this, and you will see the consequences.
I give you this pipe with which I obtained the prize in contending with many a shepherd and many a herdsman; give me in return for this gift but one kiss, while yet I live.
When I am dead, bewail me: and when you see another tending my flocks, remember Dorcon.
As Dorcon ceased speaking, Chloe gave him a farewell kiss, and with this kiss upon his lips he resigned his breath.
Then Chloe raised the pipe to her lips and blew with all her strength, and the cows hearing the pipe and recognising the notes began to low and all at once leaped into the sea. As they all plunged from the same side the vessel was overset, the waves closed over it and it sank.
The crew and Daphnis fell into the sea and came to the surface again but they had not equal chances for preservation. The pirates had their swords at their sides and their bucklers slung behind them, while their greaves reached to the middle of their legs; whereas Daphnis, as usual when he tended his herd in the plains, had not even his sandals on, and, moreover, as the season was very warm, he was scarcely dressed.
All of them swam for a little time, but the weight of their equipments soon drew the pirates to the bottom, whereas Daphnis kept afloat having easily thrown off the few garments that encumbered him.
Still as he had been accustomed to swim merely in rivers he only buoyed himself up with difficulty, and his distress was great when fortunately necessity taught him what course he should adopt; he darted forward between two of the cows, grasped a horn of each of them and was then carried along as securely and naturally as if he had been riding in his own wain.
For cattle, it should be said, can swim much better and for a much longer time than men; and no living creatures surpass them in this respect unless it be the aquatic birds and the fish.
And indeed no bullock nor cow would ever be in danger of drowning if it were not that the horn of their hoofs becomes softened by the water. To this fact many channels of the sea testify, such as that which even now is called the Bosphorus, meaning the oxen's ford.
Thus was Daphnis delivered from two perilsfrom the pirates and from drowning, and in a manner beyond all expectation.
When he reached the shore where he found Chloe smiling through her tears, he fell on her bosom and inquired what had led her to play those particular notes.
She then related everything that had occurred, her running to Dorcon, his ordering her to pipe those notes which his cows were accustomed to obey, and finally his dying at her feet. She only forgot or purposely omitted to mention the kiss that she had given him.
Are you in Naples?
They now determined to pay the last honours to their benefactor, and accordingly they came with the neighbours and relatives of the deceased and buried him.
They threw up over his grave a large pile of earth, round which they planted several trees, and upon these they hung the first-fruits of their autumnal labours. Then they poured upon the grave libations of milk and juice pressed from the grapes, and broke many pastoral pipes.
The cattle were heard lowing most lamentably, several of them were seen wandering and running about in disorder and the shepherds believed that these were lamentations and marks of sorrow for their departed master.
When the funeral was over Chloe led Daphnis to the grotto of the Nymphs where she assisted him in his ablutions, and then for the first time in his presence she washed her own white polished form which needed no bath, however, to enhance its loveliness.
Then they gathered some of the flowers of the season, crowned the statues with garlands and hung up Dorcon's pipe as a votive offering to the Nymphs.
This being accomplished they returned to their sheep and goats which they found lying on the ground neither browsing nor bleating but worried, as it were, by the absence of their keepers.
However, as soon as Daphnis and Chloe came in view of the animals and called to them in their usual manner and sounded their pipes, the sheep sprang up and began to browse, while the goats skipped about as if exulting in the return of their herdsman.
But Daphnis was unable to tune his soul to joy since he had seen Chloe bathing. He felt a gnawing pain at his heart as if some venom were secretly at work there.
Now he panted as if he were flying from some pressing pursuer; and now his breath was quite gone as if he were exhausted with running and had no strength left him.
The bath which Chloe had taken was apparently more fraught with peril than the sea from which he had escaped.
As for himself he attributed his feelings to being in his imagination still among the pirates.
The rustic youth was as yet ignorant of the wiles of love.
It was now the middle of autumn  the vintage season was at hand, and everyone was busy in the fields.
One prepared the wine presses, another cleansed the jars, and another twisted the osiers into baskets.
Each had a separate employ  in sharpening the pruning hooks, in suspending the mill-stone for pounding the grapes, after they had been trodden underfoot, or in preparing dry osiers, stripped of their bark, which were to serve as torches, so that the must might be drawn off during the night.
Daphnis and Chloe neglected their flocks for a time to share in the labours of the vintage.
He carried the grapes in baskets, threw them into the wine-press, trod them, and then helped to draw off the wine into the jars; while she prepared food for the grape-gatherers, and brought them some wine of the previous year so that they might quench their thirst.
Sometimes she also employed herself in plucking the lower bunches of grapes.
The women, who, according to the custom at this festival of Bacchus, the vintage season, were called from the neighbouring villages to lend assistance, cast their eyes upon Daphnis, and exclaimed that he was as handsome as Bacchus himself.
One of the most forward of these wenches gave him a kiss, which elated Daphnis, but tormented poor Chloe.
On the other hand, the men treading in the wine-presses were loud in their praises of Chloe, and at sight of her they danced and stamped like so many Satyrs in presence of a Bacchante; exclaiming that they would gladly become sheep to be fed and tended by such a shepherdess.
These compliments delighted Chloe, and tormented poor Daphnis.
Each of them thus wished the vintage at an end, so that they might return to their usual haunts and, instead of this senseless clamour, hear the sound of their pipes and the bleating of their sheep.
In a few days the vines were stripped, the grapes were trodden, and the wine was poured into the jars, so that fewer hands were wanted, and they were at liberty to drive their flocks to the fields.
In the fervour of their joy they went to pay their adoration to the Nymphs, carrying vine-branches laden with clusters of grapes, as first-fruit offerings of the vintage.
What kind of animals are you most afraid to encounter?
Indeed, they had never passed the grotto without leaving some token of respect. In the morning when they led their flocks to pasture, and again in the evening ere they started home, they paid worship to the Deities, and presented either a flower, a green bough, some fruit, or a libation of milk, as an offering; and this piety, as we shall see presently, had its reward.
But now their gratitude and joy were extravagant; they sprang about, like young dogs just let loose from their kennels; they piped, they sang; and they wrestled together in imitation of their goats and rams.
Thanks for watching.
While they were thus disporting and enjoying themselves, an old man, clothed in a coarse garment of goatskin, with shabby shoes on his feet, and with a bag of provisions at his back, came up to them and seated himself near them.
I, my children, am old Philetas.
She is an Austrian.
I have a garden which I cultivate with my own hands, and in which I have never ceased to work since I have been too old to attend my herds.
In this garden I obtain every product of nature in due season; in the spring it abounds with roses, lilies, hyacinths, and violets of the deepest bloom; in the summer with poppies, pears, and apples of every kind; and now in autumn, with grapes, figs, pomegranates and green myrtles.
A variety of birds fly into my garden every morning, some in search of food, and some to warble in the shade, for the boughs grow very thick, and three fountains water the cool retreat.
So thickly is the garden planted with trees that if it were not enclosed with a wall, it might be taken for a natural wood.
As I entered my garden today about noon, I espied a little boy among my pomegranates and myrtles, some of which he had gathered; and he was holding them in his hands.
His complexion was as white as milk, his hair ruddy like flames, while his countenance shone as if it had just been washed.
The boy was amusing himself with plucking my fruit with as much freedom as if it had been his own garden.
Being apprehensive lest he might commit more mischief and break my plants, I sprang forward to seize him, but the little rogue skipt lightly from me, sometimes gliding between the rose-trees, and sometimes hiding himself like a young partridge under the poppies.
This urchin was so nimble, that it was utterly impossible to lay hold of him.
Old as I am I soon became weary of the pursuit; so, leaning on my staff to support myself, and keeping my eyes on him that he might not escape, I asked him what neighbour he belonged to, and what he meant by trespassing in another person's garden.
He made no reply, but approaching near me, he smiled sweetly in my face, and pelted me with myrtle-berries.
There is no hawk, or eagle, or any other bird, swift as may be his flight, that can overtake me.
I am not the child you take me to be. I look like a child; but I am older than Saturn, aye, older than Time himself.
I am not the child you take me to be. I look like a child; but I am older than Jupiter, aye, older than Chronos himself.
I knew you well, Philetas, when you were in the flower of your youth, and when you tended your wide-spread herds in yonder marsh.
I was near you, when you sat beneath those beech-trees, and piped and sang the praises of your sweetheart Amaryllis: I was close to the damsel, but you could not discern me. I gave her to you, and some brave boys, who are now excellent husbandmen and herdsmen, are the pledges of your love.
At the present time I have taken charge of Daphnis and Chloe; and when I have brought them together in the morning, I retire to your garden: here I amuse myself with your flowers and plants, and here I bathe in your fountain.
With these words he sprang like a young nightingale among the myrtles, and climbing from bough to bough ascended through the foliage to the summit of a tree. I observed wings upon his shoulders, and between them a bow and arrows, but to my great astonishment, a moment afterwards I could see neither him nor them.
Daphnis and Chloe were delighted, but they regarded what they heard as a fable rather than as fact; and they inquired of Philetas, who and what this Love could be? Whether he was a boy or a bird? And what powers he could exert?
"My young friends," replied Philetas, "Love is a God, young, beautiful, and ever on the wing. He, therefore, rejoices in the company of youth, he is ever in search of beauty, and gives wings to the souls of his favourites. His power far exceeds that of Jove. He commands the elements: he rules the stars: he governs the world: and even the Gods themselves are more obedient to him than your flocks are to you."
All these flowers are the works of Love: these plants and shrubs are his offspring.  Through him these rivers flow, and these zephyrs breathe. Whoever is smitten by him is struck, as it were, with madness.
I have seen the bull swayed by love, lowing as if the dunfly had stung him; I have seen the young he-goat in love with the she-goat, and following her everywhere.
I myself was young and felt Love's influence.
I loved Amaryllis. I forgot to eat or to drink; and I could take no rest, for sleep was banished from my eyelids. My soul was sad, my heart beat quick, my limbs felt a deadly chill. Now I wept and cried aloud, as if I had been beaten, now I was as silent as if I were dead, and now I plunged into the rivers, as if to extinguish the flame which consumed me.
I poured forth praises to the Nymph Echo for repeating the name of Amaryllis.
I broke my pipes because, although they brought my herds to me, they could not allure Amaryllis: for there is no remedy for the passion, no beverage, no charm, no song, no words that can ease the lover; nothing is of any avail save kisses and the closest embraces.
Tom backed John onto the ropes with a series of rights and lefts.
Tom's face was completely bloodied.
The referee stopped the fight.
Philetas, having given them this and further information, bade them farewell, but before they permitted him to depart, they presented him with a cheese, and a kid whose horns were just beginning to sprout.
Then, being left to themselves, they mused in silence upon the name of Love, which they had just heard for the first time.
Their distress was now greater than before, and on returning home, they spent the night in comparing their own sensations with what they had heard from Philetas.
Philetas said that they who are smitten by Love, become sad; so are we sad:  that they care neither for food nor drink; nor do we:  that they cannot sleep; nor can we: that they burn; and we feel a fire within us:  that they are always desirous of each other's company; and all we long for is that daylight may soon return. So our disorder must be Love, and we have learnt to love each other without being conscious of it.
But if this be love, surely we are loved; so what else can it be that we long for? Why are we so sad and restless? Why do we so eagerly seek each other?
How is it possible to catch the urchin? He is little, and will flee from us. At the same time, who can flee from him? He has wings, and will pursue us.
Ought we to implore the assistance of the Nymphs? But then Pan did not help Philetas when he loved Amaryllis.
Such was their conversation as they walked homeward in the evening.
He told us that our only remedy would be in kissing and embracing one another.
She is from Austria.
On the morrow at daybreak, when they led their flocks to pasture, they kissed each other as soon as they met  which they had never done before  and opening their arms exchanged an embrace.
Further than that they durst not go.
Further than that they dared not go.
Their dreams, as might be expected after such thoughts, were dreams of love and kisses.
When they arose on the morrow they were more than ever inflamed with passion, and whilst urging on their flocks they longed to meet again so that they might renew their kisses.
They were seated side by side under an oak, and, having once tasted of the pleasure of kissing, were unable to cease their endearments.
For a long time they remained thus locked in one another's arms, without thought of aught else, for they imagined that love had nothing further to bestow.
They might perchance have soon become enlightened as to the mysteries of love had not a great tumult arose in the surrounding country.
Some rich young men of Methymna, having formed a pleasure-party for the vintage-season, had embarked in a small vessel, employing their servants as rowers and shaping their course towards the fields of Mitylene, which lie near the sea-shore.
Sometimes with rod and line they would angle the fish which swim among the rocks; sometimes with their dogs and nets they would catch the hares which had fled from the vineyards, terrified by the noise of the grape gatherers.
Part of their amusement also was to set snares for birds in favourable spots, and they often caught wild ducks, wild geese, bustards, and such other feathered game as frequents the lowlands.
The young men were mostly inconvenienced by the lack of bread and wine, and good lodging at night time, for as it was late in autumn, they did not think it safe to sleep on board their boat, but in apprehension of the storms, usual at this season, drew the craft on shore.
When the Methymnaeans found themselves thus deprived of their barque, and of all the property which it contained, they inquired for the goatherd, and finding him to be Daphnis, they began to strip him and beat him. One of them even took a dog-leash, and bending Daphnis's arms behind his back, prepared to bind him.
Poor Daphnis, smarting with his beating, cried out for assistance.
These old men heard his call and hastened to the spot. They were still vigorous, with hands hardened by the toils of husbandry, and they stoutly took the young man's part against the Methymnaeans, demanding an inquiry in accordance with the rules of justice.
The neighbours who had reached the spot, seconded this demand, to which the Methymnaeans consented, and Philetas, the herdsman, was appointed umpire in the business.
He was the oldest man present, and was celebrated among the villagers for the equity of his decisions.
"We came here," they said, "to hunt, and having fastened our boat to the shore with a withfe of osiers, we roamed about with our dogs in search of game. In the meantime this young man's goats came to the shore and ate the osiers that secured our boat, whereby it was lost."
As some compensation for what we have lost, we have surely a right to carry off this heedless goatherd, who understands his calling so badly that he pastures his goats on the sea-shore.
Thus spoke the Methymnaeans.
Daphnis was in a sorry plight from the blows he had received, but seeing Chloe among the crowd, he bore his pain without complaint.
I am, and always have been very careful of my goats, and no one in the village can say that a goat of mine ever browsed in his garden, or devoured any of his sprouting vines.
These sportsmen are themselves to blame, for their dogs are so badly broken that they ran about here and there barking so loudly that they alarmed my goats, and like so many wolves drove them from the slopes towards the shore.
The sea and the winds destroyed the boat: let the storm bear the blame and not my goats.
They say that they had left their clothes and money on board; but who, in his senses, can believe that a boat freighted with so much wealth had but a withe of osiers as its cable?
Daphnis ceased speaking and burst into tears, whereat all his countrymen were moved with compassion.
Philetas, the judge, having to render his sentence, swore by Pan and the Nymphs, that neither Daphnis nor his goats were in fault, that only the sea and the winds could be accused, and that they were not under his jurisdiction.
But this decision failed to content the Methymnaeans, who, in a great fury, seized Daphnis and would have bound him, had not the villagers, irritated at such behaviour, sprung upon them as thick as starlings and rescued the young goatherd, who, on his side, began to fight in his own defence.
With stones and sticks the villagers soon put the Methymnaeans to flight, and did not desist from the pursuit, till they had driven them from that part of the island.
While the country folk were engaged in the pursuit, Chloe led Daphnis gently by the hand to the Grotto of the Nymphs, where she washed away the blood from his face and nostrils.
Then taking some bread and cheese from her scrip she entreated him to eat, and, to comfort him the more efficaciously, pressed her tender lips to his, and gave him a kiss as sweet as honey.
Thus did Daphnis escape from the danger which had threatened him; but the affair did not end there.
The Methymnaeans reached their own city with great difficulty and in sore distress; for instead of sailing in a fine boat, they had to travel afoot, and in place of luxury and convenience they had but bruises and wounds for their comfort.
Immediately upon their arrival at home they called an assembly of their fellow townsmen, and entreated them to take up arms to avenge the treatment they had received; concealing the real truth of the matter for fear of being laughed at for having been so soundly beaten by a few shepherds.
They accused the Mitylenaeans of seizing their boat, as if it had belonged to an enemy, and of plundering it of all its contents.
Their wounds, which they displayed, gained them belief among their countrymen, who resolved to avenge their cause, the more particularly, as they belonged to the first families in the place.
Accordingly they resolved to begin the war without the usual forms of proclamation, and instructed their naval commander to launch ten galleys immediately, and ravage the coasts of the enemy.
As the winter was near at hand they did not think it safe to hazard a larger fleet.
Thus plundering as they went, the soldiers landed at last on the estate where Daphnis and Chloe pastured their goats and sheep, and carried off whatever spoil they could find.
Daphnis, who quitting his goats had betaken himself to the woods to cut some green branches as winter-fodder for his kids, looked down from among the trees and witnessing the ravages promptly hid himself in the hollow of a decayed tree.
Meanwhile Chloe, who had remained in charge of the herds, fled in affright to the Grotto of the Nymphs, and thither the invaders pursued her.
Here she entreated them, if they had any respect for the Deities of the place, to spare her and her flocks: but her prayers were of no avail: for the Methymnaeans, after insulting the statues of the Nymphs, drove off the flocks together with Chloe, whom they hurried on before them, whipping her with switches, as if she had been one of her own goats or sheep.
Their vessels being now full of plunder, the Methymnaeans deemed it advisable not to prosecute their voyage any farther, the more especially as they were apprehensive of the winter-storms, and of an attack on the part of the inhabitants.
Accordingly they turned their prows homeward; but, as there was no wind, they had to use their oars, and made way but slowly.
Daphnis  when all was quiet  came down to the plain where the flocks were wont to pasture, but not a goat nor a sheep was to be seen, nor was Chloe herself there.
When he beheld the whole place deserted and found Chloe's pipe on the ground, he burst into loud and bitter lamentations and ran to the beech tree, beneath which they usually sat, and then to the shore, to try if he could see her.
Then he searched for her in the grotto, whither she had fled, and whence she had been dragged away.
Here, he threw himself on the ground in despair, before the statues of the Nymphs whom he charged with having deserted Chloe.
Chloe has been carried away from you, O Nymphs, and could you endure to see it, she who has woven so many garlands for you, who has offered you so many libations of new milk, she who suspended here that pipe  which I see  as an offering?
Never did wolf rob me of a single one of my goats, but now marauders have carried away my entire herd, and the shepherdess, my companion, with them. My goats will be flayed, the sheep will be sacrificed, and Chloe will henceforth be confined in some city far away!
How shall I dare to return to my father and mother?
I have no flocks left to tend, so here will I lie, till death take me, or other enemies come to carry me away.
Ah! Chloe, are you also suffering, do you still remember these plains, the Nymphs and me, or do the goats and sheep, your fellow captives, serve to console you in your sorrow?
Thus did Daphnis vent his grief, till at last weary with weeping and lamenting he fell into a deep sleep.
Whilst he was slumbering the three Nymphs appeared before him; they were tall and beautiful, half-naked and without sandals; their hair fell loosely over their shoulders, and in every respect they resembled the statues in the grotto.
Do not complain of us, Daphnis; we take more interest in Chloe than you yourself do.
We are even now watching over her, and the Methymnaeans shall not make her a slave, nor treat her as part of their spoil.
We have entreated Pan (whose statue stands beneath yonder pine, and whom you have never honoured even with a bunch of flowers) to succour Chloe, for he is more used to warfare than we are, and has often quitted his groves to join in the fray.
Having beheld this vision and heard these words Daphnis sprang up, and, with his eyes full of tears, partly of grief and partly of delight, he paid his adorations to the Nymphs, and vowed that upon Chloe's safe return he would sacrifice the best she-goat of his herd to the protecting Deities.
Daphnis paid his adorations to Pan, to whom he prayed in behalf of Chloe, promising that he would sacrifice a he-goat to the God in return for her safety.
After eating a morsel, Daphnis retired to rest; but his sleep was not void of tears.
When the Methymnaean commander had proceeded rather more than a league, he found his men very weary with the rowing, and wished to afford them some rest.
She's Austrian.
She's from Austria.
Too much confidence attracts danger.
I'm feeling like a kid with a new toy. Tatoeba is back!
He was acting really weird.
She was acting really weird.
Tom was acting really weird yesterday.
Tom is the oldest of the three boys.
You're acting really weird. What's wrong?
Mary wiped her eyes.
"Do you want to go on a date?" "Go where? Sorry, I can't hear you. See you tomorrow."
She comes from Austria.
She must have thought I was an idiot.
He helped her dismount.
Tom helped Mary dismount from her horse.
Mary needed no help to dismount.
He must have thought I was an idiot.
She blushed like a schoolgirl.
Tom blushed like a schoolgirl.
Tom took the horses to the barn.
Tom tied the horses to the post.
How was your ride, Princess?
I've never felt anything like it before.
I didn't know that they were seeing each other.
Tom is graduating this year.
Mary loves sports.
Tom fidgeted with his hands nervously.
Mary fidgeted with her hands nervously.
He caught Mary staring at him.
Tom caught Mary staring at him.
She caught him staring at her.
The Romans wore togas.
Decide already!
That doesn't make it right!
Before he could answer, Mary grabbed Tom by the hand and led him to the dance floor.
It's hard to make predictions, especially about the future.
Tom left out an important detail.
Mary drives a minivan.
The boys believed that girls liked guys who owned fast cars.
I don't want to end up in jail.
The climber died after he was hit by rocks.
The climbers perished after falling into a crevasse.
The climbers died after the rope came loose.
Tom is an accomplished musician.
Lagom is a Swedish word that means not too little, not too much, just right.
I can't believe you would do that.
Mary has a very good memory.
"Surely, you can't be serious?" "I am serious, and don't call me Shirley."
The crews, having plenty of provisions among their plunder, ate and drank and gave themselves up to rejoicing, as if they had been celebrating a festival of victory.
But when the day closed in, and the night put an end to their banquet, it suddenly seemed to them that all the earth was in a blaze; and from the open came a sound of splashing oars, as if a great fleet were approaching.
The anchors of the vessels stuck so fast in the mud that they could not be drawn up. The oars as soon as dipped were shattered in pieces.
Dolphins leaped from the sea around the vessels, and broke many planks with their tails.
To all those among them who were capable of reflection, it was evident that these phantasms and sounds proceeded from Pan, who must have some cause of anger against them: but what that cause could be, they were at a loss to conjecture.
O most wicked and impious of men, to what lengths has your madness driven you!
You have filled the fields, which are dear to me, with the tumult of war: you have taken as plunder the herds and flocks, which were my peculiar care.
You have dragged from the altar a virgin whom Cupid had reserved to adorn a tale of love.
You scorned both the Nymphs, who beheld your deeds, and me the mighty Pan.
Never shall you reach Methymna with these spoils.
I will submerge you in the sea and give you as food to the fishes unless you immediately restore Chloe to the Nymphs, together with the herds and flocks.
The sheep without stumbling descended the plank, which was placed as a gangway to the shore; and the goats, accustomed to steep places, skipped yet more boldly along. Upon reaching the land they all formed in a ring around Chloe, like a chorus of dancers, skipping and bleating and exhibiting every symptom of joy; whereas the flocks of other shepherds remained quiet in the holds of the ships, as if aware that the pipe which sounded was not summoning them.
Meanwhile still stranger sights appeared by sea and land. Before the crews had time to heave their anchors, the ships of themselves made sail, and a dolphin, leaping and sporting on the waves, swam before the commander's ship as a guide; whilst on shore Chloe's goats and sheep were led along by the sweet music of the pipe, which continued sounding deliciously, though the player was still invisible.
O Nymphs! O Pan!" he shouted in rapture, and hurrying down to the plain he threw himself into Chloe's arms, so full of delight that he fell fainting to the ground.
When the old men were moistened with the wine they began to talk of their youthful adventures, of the flocks which they had tended and of the marauders and pirates from whom they had escaped.
One prided himself on having slain a wolf, whilst another boasted that in piping he had formerly yielded but to Pan alone. This was the boast of Philetas.
Heated and emboldened by the juice of the grape they now engaged in an amorous strife, and swore perpetual affection and fidelity to one another.
The snow fell heavily, blocking up the roads and shutting all the cottagers within doors.
Being confined within doors by the severity of the weather, many of the labourers and shepherds regarded this season as an interval of rest, and immediately after their morning meal they would lie down and sleep.
Daphnis and Chloe, however, cherished in their memory the pleasures of which they were now deprived,  their kisses, embraces, and happy meals together. They passed many a sleepless, sorrowing night, and looked forward to the return of spring as to a resurrection from death.
The frost and the snow, which had not yet melted, would have rendered the road impassable, were it not that Love traverses all distances and passes through fire and water.
When the lovers saw each other, they were very near sinking to the ground. They contrived, however, to support themselves, whilst they saluted and clung together: indeed this embrace served them as a stay and prevented them from falling.
When the day broke, the cold was intense, and the sharp north wind was parching everything.
"Naught but the hope of seeing you brought me here, my Chloe," said the youth. "I know it, my dear Daphnis."
"What place have I in your affections? Perhaps you had forgotten me." "No! my Daphnis, I still cherish the remembrance of you."
Several dozen mountaineers die each year in the Austrian Alps.
I swear it by the Nymphs whom I invoked in the grotto whither we will again repair together as soon as the snow shall have melted.
The glacier is melting.
The search for a Japanese alpinist who went missing on Mont Blanc was called off on Sunday.
"Do not despair, Daphnis, the sun is very warm." "Oh that it were as warm as the fire which burns my heart!"
At length Daphnis bade them farewell, and gave each of them a kiss; saluting Chloe last of all, that her kiss might remain pure and unalloyed upon his lips.
As the spring drew nigh the snow melted, the earth displayed itself, and the grass began to grow
Then the shepherds and herdsmen again led their flocks to pasture, and Daphnis and Chloe were earlier than all others, for they themselves were guided by the mightiest of shepherds, Love.
Then too the sheep began to bleat, while the lambs frisked on the sward, or stooped under their mothers to suck. And the he-goats contended for their mates, jealously guarding the one they selected from the approaches of any rival.
The sight of all these things would have kindled love even among the aged and greatly did it inflame this young couple, already warmed by desire and longing for some other remedy, to love beyond a kiss and an embrace.
Especially was this the case with Daphnis, who, having passed the winter at home in inactivity, was more impetuous and pressing than ever in the caresses he bestowed on Chloe.
He besought her to grant his desires, proposing that they should follow the one course, indicated by Philetas, that remained untried.
But Chloe in all simplicity demurred, asking him, moreover, what there could possibly be beyond kisses and embraces; and he, unacquainted with the mysteries of love, shed tears at his own ignorance.
Now, in the neighbourhood, there lived an old man named Chromis who farmed some land of his own.
His wife, who was young and good-looking, came from the city and was superior in manners to the rustics of these parts. She was called Lycaenium.
Every day she saw Daphnis drive his goats past her house, taking them to pasture in the morning, and home again at night; and being desirous of enticing him to love, she began to watch him and at last surprised him when he was alone.
She then gave him a pipe, a honeycomb, and a scrip of deer skin, but she dared not speak her mind, for she suspected that he loved Chloe since he was always in the latter's company.
One morning soon afterwards, pretending that she was going to visit a neighbour, she followed the young couple to the fields; and hiding herself in a thicket, that she herself might not be seen, she saw and heard all that passed between them.
Assist me, I entreat you, Daphnis. An eagle has carried off the finest of my twenty geese.
I am afraid to go alone, so in the name of Pan and the Nymphs, Daphnis, come there with me and help me to recover my goose.
Daphnis, who had no suspicion of the truth, at once arose and followed Lycaenium, who led him far away from Chloe, into the depths of the wood, near a spring.
Upon his return he found her weaving a chaplet of violets.
Chloe placed the chaplet she had made upon his brow and kissed his hair, which to her mind had a sweeter perfume even than the violets.
Then she gave him some dry figs and bread from her scrip, and whilst he was partaking of this fare she oft-time snatched a morsel from his mouth and ate it, as though she had been a nestling taking food from its mother's beak.
Whilst they were at their meal, more intent on kissing than on eating, they descried a fishing boat proceeding along the coast.
Whilst they were at their meal, more intent on kissing than on eating, they caught sight of a fishing boat proceeding along the coast.
They dipped and raised their oars in a rhythmic fashion.
As is the wont of seamen, to beguile their toil one of them sang a song, in the chorus of which the others joined at intervals.
Chloe, who, till then, had never heard an echo, looked first at the sea and listened to the boatmen as they sang, and then turned round to the woods in expectation of seeing the other men who, as she imagined, were responding to the chorus.
At length the rowers passed out of sight, and all became silent: not a sound was to be heard from the sea or from the valley: whereupon Chloe inquired of Daphnis whether there was another sea behind the hill, and another boat, whose crew sang the same strain, and ceased singing at the same time.
Daphnis gave her a sweet smile and a yet sweeter kiss, and, putting the garland of violets on her head, said that he would tell her the story of the Nymph Echo, if she would promise to give him ten kisses for his pains.
Don't ask anything, just come with me.
"There are various classes of Nymphs, my girl," he said, "the Melians, who dwell among the ash-groves, the Dryads, who preside over the oaks, and the Eloean Nymphs, who are guardians of the lakes."
Echo was the daughter of one of these Nymphs: as her mother was beautiful so was she, but as her father was a mortal, she was the same.
Echo was brought up by the Nymphs, and the Muses taught her to play upon the pipe, the flute, the lyre, and the harp, in fact, to excel in every kind of music.
When she reached the flower of her youth, Echo danced with the Nymphs, and sang with the Muses.
Desirous of remaining a maiden, Echo shunned the sight of all males, whether they were men or gods.
When Daphnis had finished his tale, Chloe kissed him, not ten times as he had asked her, but a thousand, and Echo repeated every kiss, as if to testify that Daphnis had not included in his story of her anything that was contrary to truth.
The heat of the weather increased daily as the spring was departing and the summer approaching.
Trust in me and close your eyes.
Daphnis swam in the rivers, and Chloe bathed in the springs; he piped, vying with the zephyrs that breathed through the pines, whilst she sang, emulating the nightingales with her melody.
They amused themselves in chasing and catching noisy locusts and chattering grasshoppers, in gathering posies, and in shaking fruit from the trees, and eating it.
At times also they would repose side by side under a goatskin.
Daphnis now often prevented Chloe from displaying her charms, for he remembered what Lycaenium had told him, and feared lest he should be unable to restrain himself.
During the summer Chloe had many suitors, who came to Dryas and begged his daughter in marriage. Some brought presents to add weight to their suit, and some made great promises. Nape was elated and advised her husband to marry off Chloe immediately, and not to keep a girl of her age any longer at home, observing that some artful shepherd might entice her whilst she was tending her flocks, and that the best course was to secure a good match for her.
Chloe, as soon as she knew of what was passing, was overcome with grief; but she concealed the cause from Daphnis lest she might give him pain.
He's blue.
Daphnis, however, was so eager in his inquiries as to the cause of her sadness, that she realised he would be more miserable if the truth were concealed from him than if he knew it.
On hearing this, Daphnis, almost beside himself, sat down and wept bitterly, exclaiming that he should die if he were deprived of Chloe as a companion in the pastures; and that her sheep also would die of grief at the loss of such a mistress.
After this explosion of sorrow, he became more collected, and resolved to take courage.
It occurred to him that he might endeavour to persuade Chloe's father to receive him as her suitor, flattering himself that he was far superior to her other admirers. But there was one obstacle which gave him no little uneasiness:  Lamon, his own father, was not rich; and on remembering this, his chances of success seemed very slender.
We are poor, my son, and we require a girl who will bring a large portion with her. They, on their side, are rich, and expect rich suitors. However, go and persuade Chloe to induce her father not to look for a large settlement, but to let you have her as a wife.
The girl, I am convinced, loves you dearly, and would certainly prefer a handsome man like yourself, however poor, to an ugly ape, however rich.
Myrtale was convinced in her own mind that as Dryas had to deal with so many rich suitors, he would never consent to Chloe marrying Daphnis; and considered that she had devised the best expedient possible for disposing of the subject of the marriage.
Daphnis could not find fault with her advice, but being quite destitute of the means which might insure success to his suit, he burst into tears, as most poor lovers usually do; and then he again invoked the assistance of the Nymphs.
Chloe's marriage is in the care of another deity: as for yourself, however, we will furnish you with means to soften Dryas, and gain his consent.
The boat belonging to the young men of Methymna, whose withe of osiers was eaten by your goats, was carried far out to sea by the violence of the gale, but at night the wind shifted and blew towards the shore, when the boat was driven against some sharp rocks and wrecked, everything on board it being lost.
Tom did not know where to go, so he returned home.
A purse of three thousand drachmas, however, was cast ashore, and now lies covered with seaweed near a dead dolphin, the stench of which is so offensive, that all who pass that way hasten by it as fast as they can.
Go, take this money, and offer it to Dryas.
It will suffice for the present that you should not appear absolutely poor; the time will come when you will be very rich.
Having thus instructed Daphnis, the Nymphs disappeared and with them the darkness of the night.
The day broke, and Daphnis leaped from his bed with delight, and drove his goats to pasture with boisterous eagerness.
After kissing Chloe, and paying his adorations in the grotto, he went down to the sea, pretending that he intended to bathe, and walked along the sands close to the surf looking for the money.
The search required little labour, for the putrid dolphin exhaled a strong smell which served to guide him on his way.
"I am come to ask Chloe of you as a wife," he said.
I can play well on the pipe, I can prune vines, I can dig, I can plant, I can plough, and I can winnow.
Chloe can bear witness to my skill as a herdsman; fifty she-goats were given to my charge, and their number is now fully doubled.
We used formerly to send our she-goats to a neighbour's males; but I have now reared several large handsome he-goats of our own.
I am young; and, as I have been your neighbour, you know my character.
A goat, moreover, suckled me, as an ewe suckled Chloe.
On these grounds, alone, I think I may claim a preference to other suitors, and none of their gifts shall exceed mine. They may offer goats and sheep, or a yoke of wretched oxen, or corn that is even not fit food for fowls; but I will give you three thousand drachmas  only let no one know what I have offered  not even Lamon my father!
Dryas and Nape were surprised at the sight of so much money, and not only promised to give Chloe in marriage, but also undertook to go and procure Lamon's consent to the match.
The young folks have been brought up together, they have pastured their flocks in company, they have contracted a mutual fondness for each other that cannot easily be dispelled, and they are now of an age to be married.
These and many more arguments he urged with all the eloquence of a pleader who has received three thousand drachmas for his fee.
At the same time you must consider that I am only a serf on this estate: that I am owner of nothing here. It is necessary therefore, that my master should be made acquainted with the business, and that we should have his consent.
Suppose then that we defer the marriage till the autumn.
The young folks shall then be made man and wife; for the present let them love each other like brother and sister.
He informed him that the nuptials would take place in the autumn, and gave him his right hand in confirmation of his promise that Chloe should wed no other suitor.
Quicker than thought, without stopping to eat or drink, as he was entreated, Daphnis ran to Chloe.
He found her making some cheese of the milk she had drawn from her ewes and he told her the good news.
From that time forward he kissed her openly, as if she were already his wife, and not by stealth as he had been wont to do, and he assisted her in all her work, milking her ewes for her, setting her cheese on the racks, and placing her lambs under their dams, as he did with his own kids.
Then, when the work was finished, they would bathe, eat and drink, and go in search of ripe fruit, of which there was then great abundance.
One apple-tree had been stripped; its branches were bare, every leaf was torn off, and all the fruit had been gathered except a single apple, which grew upon the top of the highest branch. This apple was very large and beautiful, and its fragrance alone excelled the united fragrance of many others.
The person who had plucked the other fruit had either been afraid of climbing to the top of the tree, or had not cared to knock this apple down; or maybe this beautiful apple had been purposely preserved for some love-sick shepherd.
Chloe endeavoured to prevent him, but he paid no heed to her, and finding herself disregarded, she ran off pettishly to her sheep, whilst Daphnis, climbing the tree, reached the apple and plucked it.
Then, hastening after Chloe, whom he found in an angry mood, he presented the apple to her.
This fruit, maiden, was produced and cherished by the Hours; Phoebus matured it with his beams, and Fortune has preserved it.
Venus received an apple as the prize of beauty; and the same prize I now give to you. You are both possessed of the same beauty, and your judges are of equal standing; for Paris was a shepherd and I am a goatherd.
Who said that to them?
In Greek mythology, the Horae or Hours were the goddesses of the seasons.
With these words he laid the apple in Chloe's lap, and she, when he drew near to her, gave him a kiss; so that Daphnis did not repent of having climbed so high; for the kiss that he received was to his mind worth even more than the golden apples of the Hesperides.
The summer was now closing, and the great heat had passed.
Lamon began to put his house and garden in order, that everything might please his master's eye.
He cleansed the fountains, that the water might be clear and pure; carried the manure out of the yard for fear lest the smell might prove offensive; and trimmed his orchard that it might appear in all its beauty.
The apple, the myrtle, the pear, the pomegranate, the fig, the olive, and indeed every kind of tree grew here in perfection.
Here and there were lofty vines, thickly laden with clusters and climbing up the pear and apple trees, whose own fruit ripened beside the black grapes.
There was shade for the summer, flowers for the spring, fruits for the autumn, and indeed enjoyment for every season of the year.
The spot commanded a fine view of the plains, with the herds and flocks that grazed upon them. The sea, also, and the passing ships were plainly visible, so that the prospect formed no small part of the beauty of the place.
Such care did he bestow on his goats that he even oiled their horns and combed their hair.
This messenger was called Eudromus, which signifies "the runner," and indeed his employment consisted in running wheresoever he was ordered.
Had any stranger passed by he would have wept also; for the whole flower garden was wrecked; naught remained but trampled mould and remnants of plants, with here and there some solitary flower that had escaped being crushed to pieces, and which with its colours yet gay and bright looked still beautiful, though fallen.
The bees swarmed over the prostrate plants, and by their incessant buzzing seemed to be lamenting their fate.
Alas! My rose trees, how are they broken! Alas! My violets, how they are trodden under foot! Alas! My narcissus and hyacinths, they are rooted up! Some bad and wicked man must have thus wrecked them.
Astylus, their master's son, arrived on horse-back, and a fawning parasite, who always accompanied him, rode by his side.
Among Daphnis's other gifts was some fragrant Lesbian wine of exquisite flavour.
Astylus expressed himself well-pleased with what Daphnis presented to him, and pending the arrival of his father, he engaged in hare hunting, as became a young man of wealth who merely visited the country for a change of amusement.
Gnatho was a glutton whose whole science consisted in eating to excess, drinking till he was inebriated, and satisfying his evil vices after he had indulged in the cup.
He was indeed all palate and all belly.
Dionysophanes, the master of the estate, now arrived with his wife Clearista ; and great was the stir occasioned by their horses, varlets and maids.
Dionysophanes' hair was already turning grey, but he was tall and handsome, and could compare favourably with many young men.
In wealth he had but few equals, and in virtues he had none.
On the morrow he visited the estate that was in Lamon's charge, and when he saw the well-ploughed fields, the carefully tended vines, and the beauty of the garden, he was highly delighted, and bestowed praises upon Lamon, and promised to give him his freedom.
Take me off the list!
After inspecting the farm, he went to see the goats and their young herdsman.
On his approach, Chloe fled to the woods, ashamed and frightened to appear before so many strangers.
Who likes Brazilian music? I do!
Few servants obey their masters so well as the goats obeyed Daphnis's pipe.
What a wonderful concert!
The whole company were surprised at the youth's skill.
My neighbor's dog is barking.
The meeting with the CEO was in the boardroom.
Let's go back and resurrect that old idea.
Daphnis has forgotten me. He is dreaming of marrying some wealthy maiden. Ah! Why did I make him swear by his goats instead of by the Nymphs! He has forgotten them as he has forgotten me.
Daphnis has forgotten me. He is dreaming of marrying some wealthy maiden. Ah! Why did I make him swear by his goats instead of by the Nymphs! He has forgotten them as he has forgotten me.
Daphnis has forgotten me. He is dreaming of marrying some wealthy maiden. Ah! Why did I make him swear by his goats instead of by the Nymphs! He has forgotten them as he has forgotten me.
I'm just hypothesizing, but what if we did follow his plan?
The caddie carried his golf clubs.
These keyboards don't work.
I didn't promise you anything; I just said: maybe.
We changed our address.
You promised you wouldn't drink today.
Daphnis has forgotten me. He is dreaming of marrying some wealthy maiden.
Ah! Why did I make him swear by his goats instead of by the Nymphs! He has forgotten them as he has forgotten me.
Perhaps he has seen some other girl whom he deems preferable to me among his mother's maids. Farewell Daphnis! May you be happy; as for myself I cannot survive it.
How much happier I was as a slave, for then I could behold my Chloe!
The youth replied that nothing had passed between them save the exchange of vows and kisses, whereat Dionysophanes was well pleased and bade them join the banquet.
It now became manifest that beauty is enhanced by adornment.
Indeed Chloe, richly attired, with her hair braided and her face shining from the bath, looked far more beautiful than before, and Daphnis himself could barely recognise her.
Tom looked into the mirror and saw an old man.
Dionysophanes ordered a splendid feast to be prepared, in which all the delicacies that the sea, the earth, the lakes, and the rivers could produce were to be collected together.
As the day was beautifully serene, couches of green leaves were, by the orders of Dionysophanes, spread in the grotto.
All the villagers were invited to the feast.
The goats came and grazed near them, as if they also were desirous of partaking of the festival.
And indeed, not only upon that day but during the remainder of their lives, did Daphnis and Chloe lead a pastoral life, gathering together large herds and flocks, paying especial worship to the Nymphs, to Pan, and to the God of Love, and finding no food more delicious than the fruits of autumn, and the milk of their flocks.
Daphnis and Chloe retired to rest, and, wakeful like the owls, kissed and embraced one another all night long.
Then it was that Daphnis bethought himself of the teachings of Lycaenium, and that Chloe, for the first time in her life, realised that their caresses in the woods and fields had been but so much child's play.
It's your wife on the phone. She says it's urgent.
Today she is sick.
I don't know him either.
Our train arrived late.
Our plane arrived late.
What's the name of the film we watched yesterday?
The movie starts in five minutes.
The movie started five minutes ago.
The houses in that subdivision are all alike.
The resolution was passed by the United Nations Security Council.
I'm not sure that design meets the spec.
There was smegma under his foreskin.
Let's use this group of ideas as our jumping-off point for the discussion.
It was a lively coming and going. No one stayed long.
I feel the flow of tears that I want to retain; the past torments me, and I fear the future.
Who can claim nothing has the right to give up.
How many times do I have to say it?
I will assassinate you with only one of my looks.
It's not enough to go to heaven, I want to take you there.
Sir, when a woman has the gift of being silent, she has qualities above the vulgar.
Something bad is coming.
He doesn't play three-dimensional chess.
She is unwilling to accept responsibility.
I've no time to learn.
On the weekend you'll have enough time to learn.
You are the only one who really understands me.
Heaven? I'm too old to get accustomed to another place.
It wouldn't be courage but folly.
You should finally admit you can't cope alone with it.
Give me an hour and I'll solve it.
I don't care how much it'll cost. I need it now.
I study in Nijmegen.
What did I say?
Mary's character was a buxom amazon.
How much time do we save?
How much time are we going to save?
Do not show a torch to a blind man walking in the dark.
Think about her.
The doctor, who is well-to-do, is not content.
The doctor, who is wealthy, is not contented.
The doctor, who is prosperous, is not happy.
Gondolas don't have sails.
Suddenly a robber stepped out of the darkness.
He stepped out of the darkness into the light.
Do you sometimes get stage fright?
I am well aware of the seriousness of the situation.
I am well aware of the gravity of the situation.
Use the exclamation point sparingly.
A compromise is a collision with the use of shock absorbers.
Tom gave Mary a birthday gift.
The best way to observe fish is to become a fish.
Evil comes not from technique, but from those who abuse it.
The basic prerequisite for every progress is the conviction that the necessary is possible.
If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.
I'm setting the table.
Should I set the table?
He who is born in Greece, is Greek.
Who was his professor?
Who was her professor?
This manual is only available electronically. There is no printed version.
I know someone in Rio who might be able to help you.
She's studying graphic design.
Once they computerize the process, it will all be easier.
I will delete my comment.
He was mashing potatoes.
If you get too many traffic tickets, the state revokes your license.
The flood waters are predicted to engulf the town.
A river and a canal are both types of waterway.
I will die lonely.
He wrote a biographical sketch of George Washington.
An American Indian is more properly called a Native American.
They hoped they could recapture the fort.
I already speak a little German!
I just asked a little patience of you.
I just asked you for a little patience.
Get your hands off me.
Take your hands off me.
Look what you did to him.
Look what you did to her.
He flirted with her all evening.
Come on, we need to hustle.
Is there anything I need to know?
I'm not claustrophobic.
She glared at him.
Mary laughed and hugged Kate.
Tom looked around the forest.
The police officer shone his powerful flashlight at the car.
Wow! It's almost like we're on another planet.
Wow! It's almost like we've landed on another planet.
It feels like another planet.
"What's that?" "What does it look like?"
Tom put his arm around my shoulder.
He put his arm around her shoulder.
Where is the light coming from?
Where is that sound coming from?
The criminal was apprehended by an off-duty policeman.
Tom was rescued in the nick of time.
Thousands of students demonstrated against the Vietnam War.
The Viet Cong launched the Tet offensive on January 30 1968.
Public sentiment turned against the war.
Mary wore an eyecatching dress.
Your dress is beautiful.
Tom invested in Mary's company.
Why are you talking to yourself?
There is nothing left to discuss.
She kicked me out.
He kicked me out.
Tom kicked John out of the team.
Tom was kicked out of the team.
You're not like everyone else.
I did it to protect you.
The light was green.
The officer shone his flashlight into the car.
The officer asked to see Tom's driver's license.
The officer shone his flashlight in the drunken man's face.
The police officer shone his flashlight in Tom's face.
The police officer found a white powder in the glove compartment.
Sirens blared.
Red and blue lights flashed in Tom's rearview mirror.
Red and blue lights flashed behind them.
The policeman shone his flashlight into the house.
He asked her for her ID.
Tom described to the police officer how the accident had happened.
This is a police investigation.
Tom rolled his window down.
The police are on their way.
Tom was too stunned to react.
Tom dialed 911.
Mary was rescued by a handsome fireman.
He came to her rescue.
Tom came to Mary's rescue.
Am I free to go?
Mary was rescued by a handsome firefighter.
You can ask him yourself, Mary, if you want.
Watch what you eat.
Mary kissed Tom on his cheek.
Tom saw Mary flirting with a coworker.
Mary saw Tom flirting with a coworker.
Work is more fun than fun.
The husband always has a way to have the last word: he can ask for forgiveness.
The wedding ring is a bravery award, worn on the finger.
I have always had the deepest respect for the spirit and good taste of the people who liked my plays.
Told ya so!
Water is the principle of all things; all comes from water, and to water all returns.
What am I sitting on?
I'm living with my uncle this month.
You are not at home.
We are not at home.
We were not at home.
You should have come. It was great.
You should have come. It was terrific.
You should have come. It was fantastic.
You should have come. It was amazing.
You should have come. It was awesome.
You should have come. It was marvellous.
You should have come. It was marvelous.
He could not come because he was sick.
This meal never cut the mustard.
What are you twaddling now?
Spread your wings and you will see: your destiny will be under your control.
Jane is in her husband's good books.
All of you are crazy!
What's your problem with him?
There is a big difference.
Women are willing to submit to fashion, because they know that the packaging has to change if the content is to remain interesting.
"Do you hear this sound, Maria? Where does it come from? I'm afraid!" Maria listened; then she laughed, "Oh, this is Tom! He sleeps in the room below us and he is snoring."
She is married and has children.
Mary wants to die in her sleep.
Have you eaten something today?
Firstly, he is your father, secondly, he is very sick. Tom, you must absolutely help him!
Put my car in the garage.
I'm not going to Berlin. I've changed my mind.
Do you like to send it by air mail or by surface mail?
We want to go over the weekend to the Baltic Sea.
She is married with a German.
No, we aren't twins, not even sister and brother.
You're going overboard a little, don't you think?
Never do we taste perfect joy: our happiest successes are mingled with sadness.
The fire which seems extinguished is often dormant under the cinders; whoever wants to revive it may be in for a surprize.
Alcohol can destroy the liver of a man.
Tom tied the horses to the rail.
Mary tied the horses to the hitching post.
The horse did not want to get inside the trailer.
The horse did not want to even approach the trailer.
There's no harm in trying.
So how did you end up here, anyway?
Tom drew the short straw.
Sorry for bombarding you with so many questions.
I hoped you would be here.
Tom took off his glasses and closed his eyes.
Mary hoped that Tom would be well enough to come.
It's all I can say.
What is it, Mary? What's wrong?
What is it, Tom? What's wrong?
Is it dinner already?
Don't get mad, okay?
You look ravishing in that dress.
I wanted to thank you for helping me.
I wanted to thank you for helping me out.
Water is the only drink for a wise man.
Water is the source of all life.
Not man but water is the reality of all things.
It actually resembles a bit.
In the letter, we demand that negotiators immediately reform the trade negotiation process to make the proceedings more transparent, inclusive and accountable.
But if intellectual property is to be addressed within NAFTA, it is critical that user rights are balanced alongside the extensive protections already granted to rights holders.
There must be active and enforceable mechanisms to protect copyright exceptions and limitations, including fair use and fair dealing regimes.
The film was developed using the open source operating system Linux and Blender, a free and open source 3D creation suite.
The film has debuted at 120 festivals and won nearly as many awards.
So far, the initiative has created storybooks in 94 African languages with the support of 30 partner organizations across Africa.
The remixable content also inspired the Global African Storybook Project, which translates the stories into other languages with few resources for childhood learning.
This spring Marissa has conducted oral-history interviews with members of the collective Mujeres Mutantes, and additional research into collectives such as La Liga and St. Sucia.
This is likely the first time that these collectives, and the Latinx zines movement, have received scholarly investigation.
This research subject complements recent scholarship on Latinx theory, borderlands, and third space (a hybrid and ambiguous location beyond the peripheries and center).
Zines are often excluded from scholarly discourse despite their impact on communities because they fall outside the bounds of traditional publications.
Marissa is interested in continuing to explore additional Latinx collectives whose work involves community building, social art history, and the creation of ephemera.
If you have resources such as oral histories, interviews, or publications to share, please get in touch.
Our zine collection is shelved near the new books on the main floor and are shelved more or less alphabetically by title.
We hope to add more zines over time, so if you are zinester, let us know!
Zines are hand-made and photocopied books.
They tackle a wide variety of subjects, including political, feminist, literary, how-to, or personal (perzines).
They are part of an expressive tradition stretching all the way back to Elizabethan pamphlets, with particular roots in fanzines and feminist expression of the 1990s.
Our zine collection is a small one designed to provide alternative perspectives and to provide a sense of the aesthetic of zines.
However, there is a site where zinesters have uploaded PDF copies of their work.
The site is international and primarily focuses on radical politics, with categories ranging from Ableism to War and Imperialism.
Though it's not the same as holding a copy in your hand, it can be useful to see what's out there.
The two bathrooms on the main floor will become gender neutral.
That depends on when our Facilities Management folks can fit renovations into their schedule and budget.
The library didn't have clear bathroom options for people who don't fit traditional gender binaries.
Truth exists; only lies are invented.
There have been student requests for gender-inclusive bathrooms for several years.
They are not widely available on campus.
A gender neutral bathroom is in the basement of Beck, but it's pretty well hidden.
Some dorms have gender-neutral bathrooms, an outcome of student activism and work with Residential Life.
Student researchers who held focus groups with Gustavus students found that students are either in favor of having gender-neutral bathroom facilities or (once they learn about the issues) are not opposed.
We have enough bathrooms that we can provide facilities that give every patron one of three options: men, women, or gender-neutral.
In the fall semester of 2015, a group of students created the Third Door project to highlight the need for gender-neutral bathrooms.
Whether your digital humanities projects involve texts, data, images, videos, or completely novel digital content, here are some ways the library might help.
Google and library databases jumble different forms of information together.
We live in a remix culture.
Images and videos are transformed into gifs and memes.
Social media teems with borrowed material that isn't attributed.
This makes it hard to remember that the source of images and other media should be acknowledged in digital scholarship, and that means developing the habit of capturing relevant information as you go.
It can be hard to retrace your steps if you don't.
Identifying which information is important in advance can help.
How exactly should sources be documented?
Supposedly the internet remembers everything - except when it doesn't.
Sometimes you create a website or build something on a platform that gets bought out and changed or simply vanishes after funding or interest dries up.
Sure, there's the Internet Archive, and you can contribute to it.
But there's also a nifty tool for making a record of a digital project that can either be kept public or saved privately - or downloaded for offline storage.
Students could create their own portfolios by making copies of digital projects using this tool and have personal control over which to make public.
Richard Feynman once said doing physics was like watching a chess game without knowing how to play, trying to figure out the rules through observation.
I want you to be acquainted with my cousin.
It's fee for the admission.
Why are you always beating up your sister?
I heard that he was bullying at the school.
There was nobody who can come to the aid of you.
He didn't want to resign but he was forced into it.
Come on Tuesday if you can.
Jesus was born in the time of King Herod.
Can I get some help?
I always rise at six every morning.
He will be very nice.
Peace is love and wisdom  it's heaven. War is hatred and folly  it's hell.
Can you help me find the shark that has swallowed my grandfather's dentures?
His bag was very heavy.
Your bag was very light.
I was so tired that I fell asleep on the hard marble floor.
Her bag was very heavy because it was full of thick books.
It's about normalizing drug use.
He relegates the boring tasks to his assistant.
Forming consortiums or joint ventures is one way your business can increase its capacity to respond to and deliver public sector contracts.
He nudges her when he wants her attention.
Many companies outsource their work to other companies.
I noticed a peculiarity
Tom and Mary are the guest choreographers.
Some mathematical problems are very difficult.
Conditions apply for Los Angeles transit passengers.
It is easy to make simple additions.
I continue to be taunted by my grandfather's picture.
Excuse me, may we sit here?
I'm looking for the shark that has swallowed my grandfather's dentures.
Did you like everything?
In Berlin it's nigh on evening, but the thermometer still shows twenty-seven degrees.
How big she is already! Soon she'll be as tall as her mother.
The lightning is already nearby; soon it will rain.
You'll see the surprise before too long. Be patient!
Sooner or later his luck will end.
It'll soon be ten years that she'll have been married to him.
Soon she'll have been married to him for ten years.
According to the authorities, that problem will soon have been solved.
I've already paid. Please dispatch the merchandise as soon as possible.
Usually she takes a shower in the morning.
He usually takes a bath in the evening.
Soon the movement was no longer growing. Many people became discouraged and left the cause.
She usually gets up five minutes after waking.
This type foundry has not existed for almost fifteen years.
A man's character is his fate.
A soporific drone sounds all around.
By reading interesting stories, you'll soon notice that you already know how to read well in Esperanto.
A large crowd was soon milling around the accident scene.
A big crowd had soon gathered at the scene of the accident.
I hope to see you again soon!
I'm going to give everything back soon.
He doesn't understand the slang used by young people.
She doesn't understand the slang used by young people.
Tom likes talking about his youth.
This battle changed the course of history.
He put weather stripping around the door to keep out drafts.
After returning from war, many soldiers show signs of post-traumatic stress syndrome.
The consolidation of the industry continues with today's acquisition.
From my vantage point, I can't see the action.
If you stipulate that these things are true, I will sign the contract.
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth since 1980.
The radio transmitter was not working.
He wanted to digitize his photo collection.
That noise would scare the daylights out of anyone.
The academic year began in September.
The southeasterly wind blew over the water.
I was already thinking you would not come.
I thought you wouldn't come.
I knew you wouldn't come.
I didn't think you'd come.
Tom tied his horse to the hitching post.
I must be a snowflake because I've fallen for you.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Don't underestimate your abilities. That's your boss' job.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
That's it, I want a divorce.
You can keep the house.
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
They were looking for trouble.
He was looking for trouble.
She was looking for trouble.
Tom was looking for trouble.
I can't believe you're defending him.
I can't believe you're defending her.
I can't believe you're defending them.
Mary and I are just friends.
Mary placed the chairs in a semicircle.
The teacher asked the students to place their chairs in a semicircle.
The teacher asked the students to draw their desks together into a semicircle.
Sometimes friends can develop feelings for each other.
Perhaps you should take your own advice.
Maybe you should take your own advice.
You should take your own advice.
I couldn't wait to see her.
I couldn't wait to see him.
Employee referral programs are gaining in popularity.
The company is growing fast.
His home is furnished in a very cozy way.
I wasn't expecting you.
That won't placate the mob.
I'm about to jet.
She was walking ahead.
She is sure of her success.
Put the lid down.
He is sure of his success.
I'll manage just fine.
It's a perk of the job.
Working here has its perks.
You don't have to do that at all.
I do find that unfortunate.
It's of no use to me.
I've got nothing against it.
Do you think this sentence is awkward?
He reviewed the footage frame by frame.
This plan is sure to succeed.
The way you frame a question can change the answer.
Tom wears glasses with thick frames.
Tom is quite helpful, indulgent even.
I had been framed.
Let's rewind for a moment; what was it that you said to him exactly?
One gets forgetful with age.
The pineal gland secretes melatonin.
All nouns are capitalized in German.
Are you sure you're not reading it backwards?
I believe you said it the other way around.
Dad's kind of out of touch, isn't he?
Are you keeping up with the latest developments?
She gave a twirl.
These headphones are too tight for me.
He downgraded back to an older version.
We need a few more months to iron out the bugs.
The audience clamors for more.
Get out of the way!
You need high bitrate for streaming.
This is a wug. These are two wugs.
This research was a dead end.
That's one way to ruin a good scene.
That seems a bit pointless to me.
They said that scientists are smart, but not wise.
This happened recently.
Beware of falling rocks.
I'm doing this to spite you.
She's doing her hair.
Most people can't actually recognize the back of their hand.
Have you ever forgotten how old you are?
Tom uses a lot of tag questions, doesn't he?
This solution is not workable in the long term.
The reviews have been quite polarizing.
This painting makes for a good conversation piece.
You did this? All by yourselves?
Tom doesn't innovate, but he does make good movies.
Just how much trash do you have cluttering your workplace?
You are required to wear a business suit for this occasion.
This website is temporarily unavailable due to a denial of service attack.
He was being prepped for surgery.
Have you considered all the ramifications yet?
Nouns inflect for plural in English.
They're working to localize the game for Western audiences.
Certain drugs, like alcohol, can prevent or hinder memory consolidation.
Did you miss your scheduled flight?
You must not falter.
All of the natural resources have been depleted.
You start getting diminishing returns once you reach a certain threshold.
He wears those beads on his arm as a fashion statement.
The police were sneaking around the back to get the drop on the criminal.
His name was prominently featured on the book's cover.
Since the scandal, our sales have been plummeting.
In the legal world, natural disasters are referred to as "acts of God."
The new and improved model has been selling like hotcakes.
The sight before her horrified her.
You can still see the scorch marks from last week's fire.
Tom has an open mind when it comes to religion.
It is not advisable to try and eat a crayon.
He's strapped for cash after that big shopping spree.
The chair's height is adjustable.
Someone threw out an old, beat up desktop computer out onto the streets.
Programming languages have gradually started resembling natural languages.
How long until we can escape this scorching heat?
I see her two, three times a month.
We want to go to the Baltic coast this weekend.
We cannot live without water.
Volunteers have saved thousands of people.
I know I'm fighting against windmills.
I was born in Trondheim and there I grew up.
The Americans are a sentimental people who, under all its realism, is very prone to idealistic ideas.
The secret of a long-lasting marriage? It's very simple: you just need to find the right woman and get old enough.
They tell you that you'll lose your mind when you grow older. What they don't tell you is that you won't miss it very much.
They will tell you that you will go gaga when you grow older. What they do not tell you is that you will not miss it very much.
Respect makes relationships more durable, promises more reliable, silence more honest, freedom more possible, thinking more worthy of esteem.
The example often is only a misleading mirror.
Civil war is the reign of crime.
Death has but sweetness for a christian soul.
Freedom is nothing when everyone is free.
Byle davranmakta srar edersen talihsiz eyler olabilir.
I forecasted that you couldn't cut the mustard in this job.
He twaddled all night.
If you have any problems, write me.
They are very concerned about genetically modified organisms.
He fled his native country and was granted political asylum in Canada.
I remember when you were just a wee little baby.
Timber is a major industry in this region.
There was not much variation from the norm.
The name of the attending physician or midwife must be listed on the birth certificate.
A stressful environment adversely affects a child's cognitive development.
The governor has declared a state of emergency.
Most artificial sweeteners have an unpleasant aftertaste.
Her phobia of snakes was only reinforced when she moved to Arizona.
My grandmother has a love-hate relationship with computers.
Which one is old?
She had a beehive hairdo for many years.
Water flows.
He seems to be trying to plumb new depths of vulgarity with each profanity-laced album he releases.
I bought a packet of lettuce seeds for the garden.
I am neither an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
After the second week I started to feel that he trusted me.
I'd give you a chance, but I don't trust you enough.
Love is agony, lovelessness is death.
Speak low, if you speak love.
For stony limits cannot hold love out.
Please insert a word or phrase.
Mary is a millennial.
Tom is a millennial.
But love is blind, and lovers cannot see the pretty follies that themselves commit.
Love sought is good, but giv'n unsought is better.
Tom may be upset.
Tom might be upset.
Tom might be home.
Tom may be at home.
Tom might be injured.
Tom may be injured.
Tom may win.
Tom became weak.
Tom got weak.
Tom became bored.
Tom got bored.
Tom became tired.
Tom got tired.
Tom became afraid.
Tom got afraid.
Tom became scared.
Tom became sleepy.
Tom got sleepy.
Are you able to do that?
I also did that.
I did that as well.
No one did that.
Nobody did that.
Nobody likes me.
Tom became annoyed.
Tom got annoyed.
Tom became excited.
Tom became jealous.
Tom got jealous.
Tom has to be hot.
Tom must be hot.
Tom is very mad.
Tom may be OK.
Tom might be OK.
Tom may be up.
Tom might be up.
Tom may be busy.
Tom might be dead.
Tom may be dead.
Tom might be late.
Tom might do that.
Tom may do that.
I did that by myself.
I did that alone.
Is anybody afraid?
Is anyone afraid?
No one does that.
Tom became mad.
Tom has to be home.
Tom must be home.
Tom may be hot.
Tom might be hot.
Tom may be mad.
Tom might be mad.
Tom may be out.
Tom might be out.
Tom may be shy.
Tom might be shy.
Tom might be fired.
Tom may be fired.
Tom may be tired.
I plan on doing that.
I plan to do that.
I wouldn't ever do that.
I've already paid.
I've paid already.
Tom also did that.
Tom may be cold.
Tom might be cold.
Tom may be here.
Tom might be here.
Tom may be home.
Tom may be lost.
Tom might be lost.
Tom may be weak.
Tom might be weak.
Tom might be asleep.
Tom may be asleep.
Tom may be hungry.
Tom might be sleepy.
Tom may be sleepy.
Tom might get fired.
Tom may get fired.
Tom said he's angry.
Tom said he's mad.
You must tell Tom.
You sounded mad.
You sounded angry.
Doing that is difficult.
Doing that is hard.
Everyone does that.
Everyone did that.
I won't ever do that.
Nobody can do that.
Tom became frightened.
Tom got frightened.
Tom has to be lonely.
Tom might be alive.
Tom may be alone.
Tom might be alone.
Tom may be angry.
Tom might be angry.
Tom may be awake.
Tom might be awake.
Tom may be bored.
Tom might be bored.
Tom may be broke.
Tom might be broke.
Tom may be drunk.
Tom may be early.
Tom might be early.
Tom may be ready.
Tom might be ready.
Tom may be thirsty.
Tom may be unhappy.
Tom must be cold.
Tom has to be cold.
Tom must do that.
Tom now has a plan.
Tom has a plan now.
Tom ought to do that.
Tom should do that.
Tom won't be mad.
Tom won't be angry.
Who's not here yet?
Who's not yet here?
Anyone may do that.
Anybody may do that.
Both Tom and I work.
Tom and I both work.
Did anyone do that?
Did anybody do that?
I can't yet do that.
I didn't hit anyone.
I don't like anyone.
I rarely wear a tie.
I seldom wear a tie.
I sometimes do that.
No one's doing that.
Nobody seems afraid.
No one seems afraid.
Press the red button.
Push the red button.
Sometimes I do that.
Tom became embarrassed.
Tom gave the key to me.
Tom has to be jealous.
Tom must be jealous.
Tom hasn't paid yet.
Tom hasn't yet paid.
Tom may be absent.
Tom might be absent.
Tom may be afraid.
Tom might be afraid.
Tom may be biased.
Tom might be biased.
Tom may be lonely.
Tom may be scared.
Tom might be scared.
Tom may be unhurt.
Tom might be unhurt.
Tom might be arrested.
Tom may be arrested.
Tom might be sleeping.
Tom may be sleeping.
Tom might get injured.
Tom may get injured.
Tom might not be sick.
Tom may not be sick.
Tom must be right.
Tom has to be right.
Tom has to be tired.
Tom must be upset.
Tom has to be upset.
Tom seldom gets mad.
Tom wasn't very angry.
Tom wasn't very mad.
Why is Tom so mad?
You have to study hard.
You must do that.
Both of us were injured.
We were both injured.
I didn't help anybody.
I didn't help anyone.
I didn't hurt anybody.
I didn't hurt anyone.
I didn't kiss anybody.
I didn't kiss anyone.
I know everyone here.
I now live in Boston.
I only did that once.
I did that only once.
I planned to do that.
I really miss my mother.
I really miss my mom.
Let's wait until 2:30.
Let's wait till 2:30.
No one could do that.
Nobody could do that.
Nobody seemed afraid.
No one seemed afraid.
Tom did that as well.
Tom has to be mistaken.
Tom must be mistaken.
Tom is now a teacher.
Tom may be annoyed.
Tom might be annoyed.
Tom may be curious.
Tom might be curious.
Tom may be furious.
Tom might be furious.
Tom may be jealous.
Tom might be jealous.
Tom may be nervous.
Tom might be nervous.
Tom may be outside.
Tom might be outside.
Tom may be in Boston.
Tom might do that here.
Tom may do that here.
Tom might get arrested.
Tom may get arrested.
Tom might not be tired.
Tom may not be tired.
Tom might win the race.
Tom may win the race.
Tom has to be scared.
Tom must be sleepy.
Tom has to be sleepy.
Tom said that it was 2:30.
Tom said it was 2:30.
Are you still able to do that?
Can you still do that?
Both Tom and I agreed.
Both Tom and I smiled.
Tom and I both smiled.
Did everyone do that?
Did everybody do that?
Everybody spoke French.
Everyone spoke French.
Everyone was worried.
Everybody was worried.
Has anyone done that?
Has anybody done that?
I hope that you'll help me.
I hope you'll help me.
I thought Tom was angry.
I thought Tom was mad.
I turned off the lamp.
I turned the lamp off.
I've tried to do that.
I've tried doing that.
Life can be difficult.
No one here does that.
Tom did that once.
Tom did that one time.
Tom has lots of books.
Tom has to be depressed.
Tom must be depressed.
Tom has to be desperate.
Tom has to be impressed.
Tom must be impressed.
Tom has to be irritated.
Tom must be irritated.
Tom is a teacher, too.
Tom is also a teacher.
Tom is going to be safe here.
Tom is now doing fine.
Tom is doing fine now.
Tom is now doing that.
Tom may be confused.
Tom might be confused.
Tom might be innocent.
Tom may be mistaken.
Tom might be mistaken.
Tom may be stubborn.
Tom might be stubborn.
Tom may be ticklish.
Tom might be ticklish.
Tom may be truthful.
Tom might be truthful.
Tom may be unafraid.
Tom might be unafraid.
Tom may be unbiased.
Tom might be unbiased.
Tom might be doing that.
Tom may be doing that.
Tom might do that again.
Tom may do that again.
Tom might do that alone.
Tom may do that alone.
Tom might not be sleepy.
Tom may not be sleepy.
Tom might not get fired.
Tom may not get fired.
Tom must be curious.
Tom has to be curious.
Tom has to be excited.
Tom must be furious.
Tom has to be furious.
Tom must be nervous.
Tom has to be nervous.
Tom must be starved.
Tom has to be starved.
Tom has to be thirsty.
Tom said he isn't angry.
Tom said he isn't mad.
Tom said he was mad.
Tom said he was angry.
Tom said he would do that.
Tom said he'd do that.
Tom said he's not happy.
Tom said he's unhappy.
Tom says he's unhappy.
Tom still might do that.
Tom still may do that.
Tom will probably not go.
Tom probably won't go.
Are you really able to do that?
Both Tom and I do that.
Tom and I both do that.
Both Tom and I laughed.
Both Tom and I relaxed.
Tom and I both relaxed.
Both Tom and I said no.
Tom and I both said no.
Is Tom able to do that?
Does everyone do that?
Does everybody do that?
Everyone seems afraid.
Everybody seems afraid.
Everyone will do that.
Everybody will do that.
Everyone's doing that.
Everybody's doing that.
Has anybody seen my dog?
Has anyone seen my dog?
I bought a new car for Tom.
I bought Tom a new car.
I built a house for my son.
I built my son a house.
I do that occasionally.
I know that Tom is angry.
I know that Tom is mad.
I know that's no good.
I know that isn't good.
I seldom stay out late.
I rarely stay out late.
I turned off the motor.
I turned the motor off.
I turned the lights on.
I'm accustomed to doing that.
I'm used to doing that.
I'm still pretty mad.
I'm still pretty angry.
Is anybody in the house?
Is anyone in the house?
Let's wait till Monday.
No one is in the lobby.
Nobody is in the lobby.
Occasionally, I do that.
This is a present for Tom.
This is a gift for Tom.
Tom is able to do that.
Tom did that twice.
Tom did that two times.
Tom has a red car as well.
Tom also has a red car.
Tom has a red car, too.
Tom has also done that.
Tom has done that, too.
Tom hasn't retired yet.
Tom hasn't yet retired.
Tom is already retired.
Tom is retired already.
Tom isn't yet finished.
Tom lent me his car.
Tom lent his car to me.
Tom may be awake now.
Tom might be awake now.
Tom might be back soon.
Tom may be concerned.
Tom might be concerned.
Tom might be dangerous.
Tom may be depressed.
Tom might be depressed.
Tom may be desperate.
Tom might be desperate.
Tom may be exhausted.
Tom might be exhausted.
Tom may be impressed.
Tom might be impressed.
Tom may be incorrect.
Tom might be incorrect.
Tom may be irritated.
Tom might be irritated.
Tom may be skeptical.
Tom might be skeptical.
Tom may be surprised.
Tom might be surprised.
Tom may be terrified.
Tom might be terrified.
Tom may do that soon.
Tom might do that soon.
Tom may get homesick.
Tom might get homesick.
Tom might have done that.
Tom might not be thirsty.
Tom may not be thirsty.
Tom might've done that.
Tom must be confused.
Tom has to be confused.
Tom planned on doing that.
Tom planned to do that.
Tom said he wasn't angry.
Tom said he wasn't mad.
Tom said he'll do that.
Tom said he's not busy.
Tom said he isn't busy.
Tom said that I had to do that.
Tom said I had to do that.
Tom says he isn't busy.
Tom says he's not lazy.
Tom says he isn't lazy.
Tom thinks Mary is angry.
Tom thinks Mary is mad.
Tom tore the letter up.
Tom will likely be angry.
Tom will likely be mad.
Tom willingly did that.
Tom did that willingly.
We must do that now.
We have to do that now.
We're not late, are we?
We aren't late, are we?
You have to come tomorrow.
You must come tomorrow.
You have to do that first.
You must do that first.
Both Tom and I are busy.
Both Tom and I did that.
Tom and I both did that.
Both Tom and I said yes.
Tom and I both said yes.
Doing that will be difficult.
Doing that will be hard.
Everyone seemed afraid.
Everybody seemed afraid.
I can now do that.
I'm now able to do that.
I can't do that any longer.
I can no longer do that.
I could fix that, I think.
I thin I could fix that.
I don't like to do that.
I have to do that tomorrow.
I must do that tomorrow.
I haven't yet done that.
I know everyone's name.
I know everybody's name.
I may have to do that.
I might have to do that.
I may need to do that.
I might need to do that.
I plan on doing that alone.
I plan to do that alone.
I plan on doing that today.
I plan to do that today.
I switched off the lamp.
I switched the lamp off.
I think Tom is able to do that.
I turned off the lights.
I turned the lights off.
I turned on my computer.
I turned my computer on.
I'll throw the ball to you.
I'll throw you the ball.
Doing that will be easy.
It'll be hard to do that.
Let's wait until October.
Let's wait till October.
No one I know does that.
Nobody I know does that.
No one but Tom did that.
Nobody but Tom did that.
No one tried doing that.
Nobody tried doing that.
No one tried to do that.
Nobody tried to do that.
No one was in the lobby.
Nobody was in the lobby.
Tom and I both screamed.
Both Tom and I screamed.
Tom and I both stood up.
Both Tom and I stood up.
Tom and I love our children.
Tom and I love our kids.
Tom did that a lot of times.
Tom did that many times.
Tom didn't seem too angry.
Tom didn't seem too mad.
Tom sometimes does that.
Tom eventually did that.
Tom did that eventually.
Tom has a lot of clothes.
Tom has lots of clothes.
Tom has a lot of tattoos.
Tom has lots of tattoos.
Tom has a big garden as well.
Tom has a big garden, too.
Tom has to be discouraged.
Tom must be discouraged.
Tom has to be heartbroken.
Tom must be heartbroken.
Tom has won numerous prizes.
Tom has won many prizes.
Tom is just over thirty years old.
Tom is just over thirty.
Tom is likely to be angry.
Tom is likely to be mad.
Tom is unlikely to win.
Tom may be displeased.
Tom might be displeased.
Tom may be downstairs.
Tom might be downstairs.
Tom may be frightened.
Tom might be frightened.
Tom may be frustrated.
Tom might be frustrated.
Tom may be interested.
Tom may be prejudiced.
Tom might be prejudiced.
Tom may be suspicious.
Tom might be suspicious.
Tom may be unemployed.
Tom might be unemployed.
Tom may get suspended.
Tom might get suspended.
Tom might have to do that.
Tom may have to do that.
Tom might need to do that.
Tom might want to do that.
Tom may want to do that.
Tom must be concerned.
Tom has to be concerned.
Tom must be exhausted.
Tom has to be exhausted.
Tom must be skeptical.
Tom has to be skeptical.
Tom must be surprised.
Tom has to be surprised.
Tom must be terrified.
Tom has to be terrified.
Tom said Mary was mad.
Tom said Mary was angry.
Tom said he might do that.
Tom said he may do that.
Tom said he'd help Mary as well.
Tom said he'd also help Mary.
Tom said he'd help Mary, too.
Tom said he isn't happy.
Tom said he's not tired.
Tom said he isn't tired.
Tom says he's not tired.
Tom says he isn't tired.
Tom won't likely be angry.
Tom won't likely be mad.
Tom would've been mad.
Tom would've been angry.
Both Tom and I are angry.
Tom and I are both angry.
Both Tom and I are awake.
Tom and I are both awake.
Both Tom and I are drunk.
Tom and I are both drunk.
Both Tom and I are going.
Both Tom and I are ready.
Tom and I are both ready.
Both Tom and I are sorry.
Both Tom and I are tired.
Tom and I are both tired.
Both Tom and I are wrong.
Both Tom and I know that.
Both Tom and I like jazz.
Tom and I both like jazz.
Both Tom and I need help.
Tom and I both need help.
Doing that was hard.
Doing that was difficult.
I only did that one time.
I hope everybody is safe.
I know why Tom got mad.
I know why Tom got angry.
I lent some money to Tom.
I let Tom do that.
I allowed Tom to do that.
I did that only one time.
I hardly ever wear a tie.
I should've taken off my hat.
I didn't take my hat off.
I switched off the motor.
I switched the motor off.
I turned off my computer.
I turned my computer off.
I was unable to do that.
I wasn't as drunk as Tom was.
I wasn't as drunk as Tom.
I won't ever do that again.
I wouldn't ever do that to you.
I'm now going to do that.
I'm going to do that now.
I'm sure Tom will be angry.
I'm sure Tom will be mad.
It might be fun to do that.
It may be fun to do that.
Doing that won't be easy.
It won't be hard to do that.
Doing that won't be hard.
No one but Tom does that.
Nobody but Tom does that.
No one seems very afraid.
Nobody seems very afraid.
No one does that anymore.
Tom and I are both blind.
Both Tom and I are blind.
Tom and I are both happy.
Both Tom and I are happy.
Tom and I both have dogs.
Both Tom and I have dogs.
Tom and I both know Mary.
Both Tom and I know Mary.
Tom and I can both drive.
Both Tom and I can drive.
Tom and I were both busy.
Both Tom and I were busy.
Tom can do what he wants to do.
Tom could still be mad.
Tom could still be angry.
Tom didn't do that correctly.
Tom did that incorrectly.
Tom doesn't do that a lot.
Tom doesn't do that much.
Tom has a lot of property.
Tom has lots of property.
Tom has tried to do that.
Tom has tried doing that.
Tom hasn't yet done that.
Tom is in Boston already.
Tom is going to be hard to beat.
Tom will be hard to beat.
Tom is going to be home tonight.
Tom will be home tonight.
Tom will have to do that.
Tom is going to need to do that.
Tom will need to do that.
Tom is going to want to do that.
Tom will want to do that.
Tom is helping Mary as well.
Tom is also helping Mary.
Tom is helping Mary, too.
Tom is in prison already.
Tom is already in prison.
Tom is loved by everyone.
Tom is unlikely to lose.
Tom isn't likely to lose.
Tom may be cooperative.
Tom might be cooperative.
Tom may be embarrassed.
Tom might be embarrassed.
Tom may be heartbroken.
Tom might be heartbroken.
Tom may be intoxicated.
Tom might be intoxicated.
Tom may be pessimistic.
Tom might be pessimistic.
Tom may be sympathetic.
Tom might be sympathetic.
Tom may become violent.
Tom might become violent.
Tom might be back tomorrow.
Tom may be back tomorrow.
Tom might be here tomorrow.
Tom may be here tomorrow.
Tom might be in Boston now.
Tom may be in Boston now.
Tom might do that tomorrow.
Tom may do that tomorrow.
Tom might not get arrested.
Tom may not get arrested.
Tom must be frightened.
Tom has to be frightened.
Tom must be frustrated.
Tom has to be frustrated.
Tom must be suspicious.
Tom has to be suspicious.
Tom must like to do that.
Tom must like doing that.
Tom ought to do that again.
Tom should do that again.
Tom said he's not hungry.
Tom said he isn't hungry.
Tom said he's not sleepy.
Tom said he isn't sleepy.
Tom said that's not true.
Tom says he isn't hungry.
Tom says he's not sleepy.
Tom thought Mary was angry.
Tom thought Mary was mad.
Tom will be upset.
Tom is going to be upset.
Tom will do that, I think.
I think Tom will do that.
Tom will eat soon.
Tom is going to eat soon.
Tom will probably be angry.
Tom will probably be mad.
Tom will unlikely do that.
Tom won't likely do that.
We don't allow Tom to do that.
We don't let Tom do that.
We may have to do that.
We might have to do that.
We may need to do that.
We might need to do that.
Will somebody be with you?
Will someone be with you?
You have an alibi, I hope.
I hope you have an alibi.
You have to study every day.
You must study every day.
You must like to do that.
You must like doing that.
Both Tom and I are scared.
Both Tom and I are single.
Both Tom and I kept quiet.
Tom and I both kept quiet.
Both Tom and I were drunk.
Both Tom and I were right.
Tom and I were both right.
Both Tom and I were there.
Tom and I were both there.
Both Tom and I were tired.
Both Tom and I were wrong.
Everyone did that but me.
Everybody did that but me.
Has Tom already done that?
Has Tom done that already?
I don't watch a lot of TV.
I almost never wear a tie.
I hope to be able to do that soon.
I hope I can do that soon.
I pressed the wrong button.
I pushed the wrong button.
I still do that sometimes.
I still sometimes do that.
I switched on my computer.
I switched my computer on.
If you do that, I will too.
If you do that, so will I.
If you do that, I'll do that, too.
It might be easy to do that.
It may be easy to do that.
It might be hard to do that.
It may be hard to do that.
It's going to be too cold to swim.
It'll be too cold to swim.
It's very hard to do that.
Let's wait until next year.
Let's wait till next year.
No one has been fired yet.
Nobody has been fired yet.
No one has been hired yet.
Nobody has been hired yet.
No one seems to be afraid.
Nobody seems to be afraid.
Nobody I know can do that.
No one I know can do that.
Nobody I know is able to do that.
Nobody here speaks French.
No one here speaks French.
Someone did that already.
Somebody did that already.
Tom almost never uses his phone.
Tom seldom uses his phone.
Tom also plans on doing that.
Tom also plans to do that.
Tom plans to do that, too.
Both Tom and I are hungry.
Tom and I are both thirty.
Both Tom and I are thirty.
Tom and I both can't swim.
Both Tom and I can't swim.
Tom and I both left early.
Both Tom and I left early.
Tom and I both want to go.
Both Tom and I want to go.
Tom and I have three children.
Tom and I have three kids.
Tom and I were both quiet.
Both Tom and I were quiet.
Tom can say what he wants to say.
Tom can say what he wants.
Tom deliberately did that.
Tom did that deliberately.
Tom doesn't like to swim.
Tom hardly ever uses his phone.
Tom rarely uses his phone.
Tom has gone home already.
Tom has done that as well.
Tom hasn't yet been fired.
Tom hasn't been fired yet.
Tom is accustomed to doing that.
Tom is used to doing that.
Tom is already doing that.
Tom is doing that already.
Tom is good at chess, too.
Tom is also good at chess.
Tom isn't as rich as Mary is.
Tom isn't going to be home tonight.
Tom won't be home tonight.
Tom isn't going to have to do that.
Tom won't have to do that.
Tom isn't going to need to do that.
Tom won't need to do that.
Tom won't want to do that.
Tom likes doing that here.
Tom likes to do that here.
Tom may be undependable.
Tom might be undependable.
Tom might do that with Mary.
Tom may do that with Mary.
Tom might not be doing that.
Tom may not be doing that.
Tom must be embarrassed.
Tom has to be embarrassed.
Tom obviously needs help.
Obviously, Tom needs help.
Tom often does that by himself.
Tom often does that alone.
Tom ought to try doing that.
Tom should try doing that.
Tom plans on doing that as well.
Tom plans on doing that, too.
Tom plans to do that as well.
Tom promised that he'd do that.
Tom promised he'd do that.
Tom said he isn't able to do that.
Tom said he can't do that.
Tom said he's not thirsty.
Tom said he isn't thirsty.
Tom said he's not worried.
Tom said he isn't worried.
Tom said no one was awake.
Tom said nobody was awake.
Tom said no one was fired.
Tom said nobody was fired.
Tom said no one was there.
Tom said nobody was there.
Tom said that he isn't able to do that.
Tom says he's not thirsty.
Tom says he isn't thirsty.
Tom seldom does that.
Tom hardly ever does that.
Tom still might not do that.
Tom still may not do that.
Tom told Mary that it was 2:30.
Tom told Mary it was 2:30.
Tom will have to go alone.
Tom will miss Mary.
Tom is going to miss Mary.
We didn't allow Tom to do that.
We didn't let Tom do that.
Why's Tom afraid of Mary?
You may have to do that.
You might have to do that.
You may need to do that.
You might need to do that.
You're the same age as I am.
You're the same age as me.
Both Tom and I are lawyers.
Tom and I are both lawyers.
Both Tom and I are nervous.
Both Tom and I kept silent.
Tom and I both kept silent.
Both Tom and I like Boston.
Tom and I both like Boston.
Both Tom and I were absent.
Tom and I were both absent.
Both Tom and I were hungry.
Tom and I were both hungry.
Both Tom and I were scared.
Tom and I were both scared.
Did Tom do that alone?
Did Tom do that by himself?
Doing that might not be easy.
Doing that may not be easy.
Doing that might not be safe.
Doing that may not be safe.
Don't allow Tom to do that.
I didn't do that alone.
I didn't do that by myself.
I didn't take off my shirt.
I didn't take my shirt off.
I didn't take off my shoes.
I didn't take my shoes off.
I didn't think Tom was angry.
I didn't think Tom was mad.
I doubt if Tom will be angry.
I doubt if Tom will be mad.
I forgot to buy Tom a present.
I forgot to buy Tom a gift.
I forgot to buy you a present.
I forgot to buy you a gift.
I know what must be done.
I know what has to be done.
I like walking in the park.
I like to walk in the park.
I may be able to do that.
I would've never done that.
I planned on doing that alone.
I planned to do that alone.
I switched off my computer.
I switched my computer off.
I thought Tom would be angry.
I thought Tom would be mad.
I turned on the microphone.
I turned the microphone on.
I wonder why Tom got mad.
I wonder why Tom got angry.
I'll probably come by cab.
I'll probably come by taxi.
I'm planning to do that.
I'm planning on doing that.
I'm the same age as Tom is.
I've already learned a lot.
I've learned a lot already.
I've tried to do that once.
I've tried doing that once.
It must be difficult to do that.
It must be hard to do that.
Leave the door open, please.
Please leave the door open.
Leave the lights on, please.
Please leave the lights on.
Let's let Tom do that.
Life can be very hard.
Life can be very difficult.
No one except Tom did that.
Nobody except Tom did that.
No one did that except Tom.
Nobody did that except Tom.
No one has been killed yet.
Nobody has been killed yet.
There isn't any need to do that.
There wasn't anyone there.
There's no more money.
There isn't any more money.
Tom also wanted to do that.
Tom wanted to do that, too.
Tom always does that alone.
Tom and I are both artists.
Both Tom and I are artists.
Tom and I are both unhappy.
Both Tom and I are unhappy.
Tom and I both have beards.
Both Tom and I have beards.
Tom and I both like sports.
Both Tom and I like sports.
Tom and I were both asleep.
Both Tom and I were asleep.
Tom and I were both crying.
Both Tom and I were crying.
Tom and I were both sleepy.
Both Tom and I were sleepy.
Tom and I'd both like that.
Both Tom and I'd like that.
Both Tom and I'll be there.
Tom and Mary both did that.
Both Tom and Mary did that.
Tom did that lots of times.
Tom did that intentionally.
Tom didn't have time to do that.
Tom had no time to do that.
Tom does that occasionally.
Tom occasionally does that.
Tom does that to everyone.
Tom does that to everybody.
Tom does whatever he wants to do.
Tom does whatever he wants.
Tom gave me this guitar.
Tom gave this guitar to me.
Tom handed the pencil to Mary.
Tom handed Mary the pencil.
Tom has lots of experience.
Tom has black hair, too.
Tom has black hair as well.
Tom has done that once.
Tom has done that one time.
Tom has made many mistakes.
Tom has made lots of mistakes.
Tom has started doing that.
Tom has started to do that.
Tom is able to run faster than me.
Tom isn't as heavy as Mary is.
Tom isn't as heavy as Mary.
Tom lets Mary do that.
Tom allows Mary to do that.
Tom likes doing that a lot.
Tom likes to do that a lot.
Tom may be overconfident.
Tom might be overconfident.
Tom might do that by himself.
Tom may do that by himself.
Tom might do that on his own.
Tom may do that on his own.
Tom might not have done that.
Tom may not have done that.
Tom might not have eaten yet.
Tom may not have eaten yet.
Tom must be awake by now.
Tom has to be awake by now.
Tom must've been angry.
Tom had to have been angry.
Tom had to have been tired.
Tom must've been upset.
Tom had to have been upset.
Tom plans on doing that alone.
Tom plans to do that alone.
Tom plans on doing that today.
Tom plans to do that today.
Tom rarely does that by himself.
Tom rarely does that alone.
Tom said Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said he'd do that as well.
Tom said he'd also do that.
Tom said he'd do that, too.
Tom said he likes swimming.
Tom seldom does that by himself.
Tom seldom does that alone.
Tom was unable to do that.
Tom will never be the same.
Tom won't ever be the same.
Tom will probably not do that.
Tom will try to win.
Tom is going to try to win.
We both have to do that.
Both of us have to do that.
We both need to do that.
Both of us need to do that.
We both want to do that.
Both of us want to do that.
What's the name of your teacher?
What's your teacher's name?
You should allow Tom to do that.
You should let Tom do that.
Both Tom and I are teachers.
Tom and I both are teachers.
Both Tom and I aren't busy.
Tom and I are both not busy.
Both Tom and I have the flu.
Tom and I both have the flu.
Both Tom and I like camping.
Tom and I both like camping.
Both Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary were both busy.
Both Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary were both late.
Did you do that alone?
Doing that might be dangerous.
Doing that may be dangerous.
Doing that wasn't hard.
Doing that wasn't difficult.
Doing that's not a bad idea.
Doing that isn't a bad idea.
Don't let anyone cheat you.
Don't let anybody cheat you.
Everybody here speaks French.
Everyone here speaks French.
Everyone seems very afraid.
Everybody seems very afraid.
I'm not able to do that yet.
I didn't complete my homework.
I didn't finish my homework.
I didn't plan to do that.
I get to do anything I want to do.
I get to do anything I want.
I had planned to do that.
I had planned on doing that.
I may never do that again.
I might never do that again.
I might do that sometime soon.
I may do that sometime soon.
I occasionally speak French.
I speak French occasionally.
I hardly ever stay out late.
I study French occasionally.
I teach French occasionally.
I turned off the microphone.
I turned the microphone off.
I wouldn't ever do that by myself.
I'd never do that by myself.
I'm glad that nobody got injured.
I'm glad no one got injured.
I'm glad nobody got injured.
I'm the same age as you.
I'm the same age as you are.
If Tom does that, I will, too.
If Tom does that, so will I.
It'll be difficult to do that now.
It'll be hard to do that now.
My wife is also a scientist.
My wife is a scientist, too.
No one I know has done that.
Nobody I know has done that.
No one has been injured yet.
Nobody has been injured yet.
That may happen next week.
That might happen next week.
That's very difficult to do.
Tom allowed me to use his computer.
Tom and I are both students.
Both Tom and I are students.
Both Tom and I are to blame.
Tom and I both like bananas.
Both Tom and I like bananas.
Both Tom and I like sailing.
Tom and I both like to cook.
Both Tom and I like to cook.
Both Tom and I speak French.
Tom and I both study French.
Both Tom and I study French.
Tom and I both teach French.
Both Tom and I teach French.
Tom and I both trusted Mary.
Both Tom and I trusted Mary.
Tom and I both wanted to go.
Both Tom and I wanted to go.
Tom and I gave Mary that.
Tom and I gave that to Mary.
Tom and I were both injured.
Both Tom and I were injured.
Both Tom and I were invited.
Tom and I were both shocked.
Both Tom and I were shocked.
Tom and I were both worried.
Both Tom and I were worried.
Tom and I were both wounded.
Both Tom and I were wounded.
Tom and I've both done that.
Both Tom and I've done that.
Tom and Mary both were late.
Tom didn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom didn't let Mary do that.
Tom dislikes doing that.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom doesn't usually do that.
Tom usually doesn't do that.
Tom gave Mary a sandwich.
Tom gave a sandwich to Mary.
Tom has already left Boston.
Tom has left Boston already.
Tom has done that twice.
Tom has done that two times.
Tom has everything that he needs.
Tom has everything that he wants.
Tom has never killed anyone.
Tom hasn't done that recently.
Tom hasn't done that lately.
Tom is also going to do that today.
Tom will do that today, too.
Tom is also in this picture.
Tom is in this picture, too.
Tom is going to Boston as well.
Tom is going to Boston, too.
Tom is going to do that eventually.
Tom will do that eventually.
Tom is going to do that today as well.
Tom is going to do that today, too.
Tom will also do that today.
Tom is living in Boston now.
Tom is now ready to do that.
Tom is ready to do that now.
Tom is obviously very rich.
Obviously, Tom is very rich.
Tom is the guy that did that.
Tom is the guy who did that.
Tom is unlike his brother.
Tom is not like his brother.
Tom is unlikely to do that.
Tom knows that he has to do that.
Tom knows he has to do that.
Tom knows that he should do that.
Tom knows he should do that.
Tom lent me his umbrella.
Tom lent his umbrella to me.
Tom looks much better today.
Tom loved his grandkids.
Tom loved his grandchildren.
Tom may be doing that now.
Tom might be doing that now.
Tom may be home on Monday.
Tom might be home on Monday.
Tom may be retired by now.
Tom might be retired by now.
Tom might know how to do that.
Tom may know how to do that.
Tom might never do that again.
Tom may never do that again.
Tom might not have to do that.
Tom may not have to do that.
Tom might not know what to do.
Tom may not know what to do.
Tom might not need to do that.
Tom may not need to do that.
Tom might possibly be mad.
Tom might possibly be angry.
Tom might've been a teacher.
Tom may have been a teacher.
Tom might've missed the bus.
Tom had to have been scared.
Tom must've been sleepy.
Tom had to have been sleepy.
Tom said Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said Mary can't do that.
Tom said he might not do that.
Tom said he may not do that.
Tom said no one was injured.
Tom said nobody was injured.
Tom said that Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said that it was a good game.
Tom said it was a good game.
Tom says he's not tired yet.
Tom says he isn't tired yet.
Tom seldom wears a tie.
Tom hardly ever wears a tie.
Tom sent some money to Mary.
Tom showed the forgery to Mary.
Tom showed Mary the forgery.
Tom sometimes speaks French.
Tom speaks French sometimes.
Tom thinks Mary will be angry.
Tom thinks Mary will be mad.
Tom told Mary she was right.
Tom usually does that by himself.
Tom usually does that alone.
Tom was also at the meeting.
Tom was at the meeting, too.
Tom was at the meeting as well.
Tom will be an uncle.
Tom is going to be an uncle.
Tom's house is next to my house.
Tom's house is next to mine.
When do you plan on doing that?
You may do that if you want to.
You may do that if you want.
Both Tom and I are Canadians.
Both Tom and I aren't hungry.
Tom and I both aren't hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary were both fired.
Both my parents are teachers.
My parents are both teachers.
Can Tom still do that?
Is Tom still able to do that?
Does anyone do that anymore?
Does anybody do that anymore?
Doing that's not a good idea.
Doing that isn't a good idea.
Everyone seems to be afraid.
Everybody seems to be afraid.
Hasn't anyone done that yet?
Hasn't anybody done that yet?
I almost never do that by myself.
I almost never do that alone.
I did everything I had to.
I did everything I had to do.
I know I have no choice.
I know I don't have a choice.
I would never have done that.
I plan on doing that by myself.
I plan to do that by myself.
I stayed at home all day Monday.
I stayed home all day Monday.
I switched on the microphone.
I switched the microphone on.
I think Tom is undependable.
I think Tom isn't dependable.
I won't do that if it rains.
If it rains, I won't do that.
I won't allow Tom to do that.
I've only done that once.
I've only done that one time.
It's going to be too cold to do that.
It'll be too cold to do that.
No one I know had to do that.
Nobody I know had to do that.
No one I know has to do that.
Nobody I know has to do that.
No one but Tom could do that.
Nobody but Tom could do that.
No one has been arrested yet.
Nobody has been arrested yet.
No one has been punished yet.
Nobody has been punished yet.
No one here tried to do that.
Nobody here tried to do that.
No one said it would be easy.
Nobody said it would be easy.
Nobody I know studies French.
No one I know studies French.
Nobody I know teaches French.
No one I know teaches French.
Nobody knows who's in charge.
No one knows who's in charge.
Not just anyone can do that.
Not just anybody can do that.
The kids are playing outside.
The one who did that was Tom.
The one who does that is Tom.
Tom is the one who does that.
Tom already plans to do that.
Tom plans to do that already.
Tom and I are both ambitious.
Both Tom and I are ambitious.
Tom and I are both exhausted.
Both Tom and I are exhausted.
Tom and I are both in Boston.
Both Tom and I are in Boston.
Tom and I are both reporters.
Both Tom and I are reporters.
Tom and I are both unmarried.
Both Tom and I are unmarried.
Both Tom and I are very busy.
Tom and I both like swimming.
Both Tom and I like swimming.
Both Tom and I made mistakes.
Tom and I both sat back down.
Both Tom and I sat back down.
Tom and I both work at night.
Both Tom and I work at night.
Tom and I both work for Mary.
Both Tom and I work for Mary.
Tom and I were both arrested.
Both Tom and I were arrested.
Tom and I were both confused.
Both Tom and I were confused.
Tom and I were both in shock.
Both Tom and I were in shock.
Tom and I were both suspects.
Both Tom and I were suspects.
Tom does things that I hate doing.
Tom does things I hate doing.
Tom does things that I hate to do.
Tom does things I hate to do.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't let Mary do that.
Tom doesn't have any desire to do that.
Tom has no desire to do that.
Tom gave his old camera to Mary.
Tom gave Mary his old camera.
Tom has lots of friends here.
Tom has a many friends here.
Tom has done nothing yet.
Tom has given me lots of things.
Tom has given me many things.
Tom has never allowed me to do that.
Tom has never let me do that.
Tom has no one to advise him.
Tom has nobody to advise him.
Tom hasn't yet been released.
Tom hasn't been released yet.
Tom is a lot stronger than I am.
Tom is much stronger than me.
Tom is afraid of nothing.
Tom is going to be doing that.
Tom will be doing that later.
Tom is going to do that, too.
Tom is also going to do that.
Tom is much stronger than I am.
Tom is now living by himself.
Tom is living by himself now.
Tom is so good with kids.
Tom is so good with children.
Tom is unable to do that on his own.
Tom can't do that on his own.
Tom isn't able to do that on his own.
Tom isn't going to be home until 2:30.
Tom won't be home until 2:30.
Tom knows that he has to be ready.
Tom knows he has to be ready.
Tom knows where everyone is.
Tom knows where everybody is.
Tom may become discouraged.
Tom might become discouraged.
Tom might not be at home today.
Tom may not be at home today.
Tom might not be busy tomorrow.
Tom may not be busy tomorrow.
Tom must be retired by now.
Tom has to be retired by now.
Tom must've been annoyed.
Tom had to have been annoyed.
Tom had to have been nervous.
Tom must've been puzzled.
Tom had to have been puzzled.
Tom must've been starved.
Tom had to have been starved.
Tom must've been thirsty.
Tom had to have been thirsty.
Tom planned on doing that alone.
Tom planned to do that alone.
Tom plans to do that soon.
Tom plans on doing that soon.
Tom prefers to do that by himself.
Tom prefers to do that alone.
Tom promised me that he'd do that.
Tom promised me he'd do that.
Tom said Mary won't be mad.
Tom said Mary won't be angry.
Tom said he already did that.
Tom said he did that already.
Tom said he isn't thirty yet.
Tom said he's not yet thirty.
Tom said he liked doing that.
Tom said he liked to do that.
Tom said he likes doing that.
Tom said he likes to do that.
Tom said he won't ever do that.
Tom said he'll never do that.
Tom said he'd try doing that.
Tom said he'd try to do that.
Tom said he's not sleepy yet.
Tom said he isn't sleepy yet.
Tom said no one was arrested.
Tom said nobody was arrested.
Tom said he'd call you later.
Tom says he likes to do that.
Tom says he likes doing that.
Tom says he won't ever do that.
Tom says he's not hungry yet.
Tom says he isn't hungry yet.
Tom says he's not sleepy yet.
Tom says he isn't sleepy yet.
Tom sent his picture to Mary.
Tom should've not been here.
Tom shouldn't have been here.
Tom should've not been late.
Tom shouldn't have been late.
Tom told Mary he was unhappy.
Tom used to never drink milk.
Tom never used to drink milk.
Tom was unable to save Mary.
Tom wasn't able to save Mary.
Tom will be unable to do that.
Tom definitely won't do that.
Tom will go home soon.
Tom is going to go home soon.
Tom's house burned down, too.
Tom's house also burned down.
We aren't allowed to do that.
We're not doing that anymore.
We aren't doing that anymore.
You have to finish this by 2:30.
You must finish this by 2:30.
Be quiet. Tom is still sleeping.
Be quiet. Tom is still asleep.
Both Tom and I almost drowned.
Tom and I both almost drowned.
Both Tom and I are busy today.
Tom and I are both busy today.
Both Tom and I are nonsmokers.
Tom and I are both nonsmokers.
Both Tom and I are very tired.
Tom and I are both very tired.
Both Tom and Mary are retired.
Tom and Mary are both retired.
Both of my brothers were injured.
My brothers were both injured.
Do you really like doing that?
Do you really like to do that?
Doing that would be hard.
Doing that would be difficult.
Everybody I know has done that.
Everyone I know has done that.
Everyone thinks Tom did that.
Everybody thinks Tom did that.
I didn't mean to hurt anybody.
I don't think Tom will be angry.
I don't think Tom will be mad.
I gave my mother a sweater.
I gave a sweater to my mother.
I hate to work late on Friday.
I hate working late on Friday.
I haven't seen anybody do that.
I haven't seen anyone do that.
I haven't yet finished eating.
I haven't finished eating yet.
I haven't yet washed my hands.
I haven't washed my hands yet.
I hope that you'll help me do that.
I hope you'll help me do that.
I plan to do that tomorrow.
I plan on doing that tomorrow.
I switched off the microphone.
I switched the microphone off.
I'm almost as tall as you.
I'm almost as tall as you are.
If Tom does that, I'll do that, too.
It isn't easy to teach French.
It's not easy to teach French.
It looks like Tom might do that.
It looks like Tom may do that.
It might not be easy to do that.
It may not be easy to do that.
It might not be hard to do that.
It may not be hard to do that.
It might not be safe to do that.
It may not be safe to do that.
It won't be difficult to do that.
Doing that won't be difficult.
It's not necessary to do that.
It isn't necessary to do that.
It's unnecessary to do that.
Leave the windows open, please.
Please leave the windows open.
No one here does that anymore.
No one's permitted to do that.
Nobody's permitted to do that.
Someone asked Tom to do that.
Somebody asked Tom to do that.
The concert is about to begin.
The kids are in the attic.
The children are in the attic.
The one who did that wasn't me.
Tom wanted to do that as well.
Tom and I are both alcoholics.
Both Tom and I are alcoholics.
Tom and I are both carpenters.
Both Tom and I are carpenters.
Tom and I are both doing fine.
Both Tom and I are doing fine.
Tom and I are both in a hurry.
Both Tom and I are in a hurry.
Tom and I are both professors.
Both Tom and I are professors.
Tom and I are both therapists.
Both Tom and I are therapists.
Both Tom and I are very happy.
Both Tom and I agree with you.
Both Tom and I got in the car.
Tom and I both had to do that.
Both Tom and I had to do that.
Tom and I both have dark hair.
Both Tom and I have dark hair.
Tom and I both have daughters.
Both Tom and I have daughters.
Tom and I both have ponytails.
Both Tom and I have ponytails.
Tom and I both know the truth.
Both Tom and I know the truth.
Both Tom and I like you a lot.
Tom and I both live in Boston.
Both Tom and I live in Boston.
Tom and I both looked at Mary.
Both Tom and I looked at Mary.
Tom and I both love Thai food.
Both Tom and I love Thai food.
Tom and I both miss you a lot.
Both Tom and I miss you a lot.
Tom and I both need new shoes.
Both Tom and I need new shoes.
Tom and I both play the cello.
Both Tom and I play the cello.
Tom and I both stared at Mary.
Both Tom and I stared at Mary.
Tom and I both stopped eating.
Both Tom and I stopped eating.
Tom and I both voted for Mary.
Both Tom and I voted for Mary.
Tom and I were both exhausted.
Both Tom and I were exhausted.
Tom and I were both impressed.
Both Tom and I were impressed.
Tom and I were both surprised.
Both Tom and I were surprised.
Tom asked that he not be disturbed.
Tom asked not to be disturbed.
Tom ate twice as much as Mary ate.
Tom ate twice as much as Mary.
Tom ate twice as much as Mary did.
Tom baked us an apple pie.
Tom baked an apple pie for us.
Tom didn't think Mary was angry.
Tom didn't think Mary was mad.
Tom does whatever he wants to.
Tom doesn't think Mary is angry.
Tom doesn't think Mary is mad.
Tom eats lunch here sometimes.
Tom sometimes eats lunch here.
Tom gets up earlier than me.
Tom gets up earlier than I do.
Tom handed a sandwich to Mary.
Tom has probably not done that.
Tom probably hasn't done that.
Tom has won numerous other prizes.
Tom has won many other prizes.
Tom has written a lot of books.
Tom has written lots of books.
Tom has written many books.
Tom hasn't yet sold his house.
Tom hasn't sold his house yet.
Tom helps anyone that asks him.
Tom helps anyone who asks him.
Tom is a lot stronger than me.
Tom is just as fat as Mary.
Tom is just as fat as Mary is.
Tom is planning to do that.
Tom is planning on doing that.
Tom knows that he needs to do that.
Tom knows he needs to do that.
Tom knows that he ought to do that.
Tom knows he ought to do that.
Tom likes to read comic books.
Tom likes reading comic books.
Tom may be in. Let me check.
Tom might be in. Let me check.
Tom may be ready to do that.
Tom might be ready to do that.
Tom might end up back in Boston.
Tom may end up back in Boston.
Tom might have to do that again.
Tom may have to do that again.
Tom may know where Mary lives.
Tom might know where Mary works.
Tom may know where Mary works.
Tom might need to do that again.
Tom may need to do that again.
Tom might want to do that again.
Tom may want to do that again.
Tom must've done that already.
Tom must've already done that.
Tom no longer does that.
Tom doesn't does that anymore.
Tom ought to do that more often.
Tom should do that more often.
Tom said he'd help me do that as well.
Tom said he'd also help me do that.
Tom said he'd help me do that, too.
Tom said he's not ready to go.
Tom said he isn't ready to go.
Tom said that he wasn't mad.
Tom says he doesn't have anything to do.
Tom never should've done that.
Tom should've never done that.
Tom should never have said that.
Tom should've never said that.
Tom thought Mary would be angry.
Tom thought Mary would be mad.
Tom was the one that did that.
Tom will buy Mary that.
Tom is going to buy Mary that.
Tom will do a good job.
Tom is going to do a good job.
Tom will do that today.
Tom is going to do that today.
Tom will join our team.
Tom is going to join our team.
Tom won't allow anyone to do that.
Tom won't let anybody do that.
Tom's house is very near my house.
Tom's house is very near mine.
Both Tom and Mary were injured.
Doing that was quite hard.
Doing that was quite difficult.
Doing that would be unethical.
Doing that wouldn't be ethical.
I didn't bring my swimsuit.
I didn't bring my bathing suit.
I didn't care if anybody saw me.
I didn't care if anyone saw me.
I didn't do that on purpose.
I didn't do that intentionally.
I don't know why Tom got mad.
I don't know why Tom got angry.
I haven't yet heard that story.
I hope Tom doesn't become jealous.
I hope Tom doesn't get jealous.
I know somebody who can do that.
I know someone who can do that.
I know that Tom has never done that.
I know very little about Boston.
I may not be able to do that.
I might not be able to do that.
I may study French next year.
I might study French next year.
I planned on doing that by myself.
I planned to do that by myself.
I planned on doing that yesterday.
I planned to do that yesterday.
I still have many things to do.
I wish I could already do that.
I wish I could do that already.
It may rain in the afternoon.
It might be dangerous to do that.
It may be dangerous to do that.
It might be difficult to do that.
It may be difficult to do that.
It should be easy to do that.
It ought to be easy to do that.
It'll be more difficult than you think.
It'll be harder than you think.
It's hard to quit smoking.
It's difficult to quit smoking.
It's impossible to do that now.
It's now impossible to do that.
No one I know likes to do that.
No one I know likes doing that.
No one I know needs to do that.
Nobody I know needs to do that.
No one I know wants to do that.
Nobody I know wants to do that.
Nobody could solve the problem.
No one seems to be very afraid.
Nobody seems to be very afraid.
No one was able to solve the problem.
Nobody I know likes doing that.
Nobody I know likes to do that.
Someone has done that already.
Somebody has done that already.
There isn't much we can do now.
There's not much we can do now.
Tom already intends to do that.
Tom intends to do that already.
Tom and I are both from Boston.
Both Tom and I are from Boston.
Tom and I are both vegetarians.
Both Tom and I are vegetarians.
Tom and I both don't like Mary.
Both Tom and I don't like Mary.
Tom and I both failed the exam.
Both Tom and I failed the exam.
Tom and I both glanced at Mary.
Both Tom and I glanced at Mary.
Tom and I both have black hair.
Both Tom and I have black hair.
Tom and I both like doing that.
Both Tom and I like doing that.
Tom and I both like old movies.
Both Tom and I like old movies.
Both Tom and I want to go home.
Tom and Mary both will do that.
Both Tom and Mary will do that.
Tom and Mary were also injured.
Tom and Mary were injured, too.
Tom asked Mary why she was angry.
Tom asked Mary why she was mad.
Tom can already do that.
Tom is already able to do that.
Tom can do that and so can I.
Tom can do that and I can, too.
Tom didn't immediately do that.
Tom didn't do that immediately.
Tom didn't let us do that.
Tom didn't allow us to do that.
Tom does that better than me.
Tom does that better than I do.
Tom doesn't yet know the rules.
Tom doesn't know the rules yet.
Tom frequently does that by himself.
Tom frequently does that alone.
Tom gave $300 to each of his sons.
Tom gave each of his sons $300.
Tom gave his son a drum set.
Tom gave a drum set to his son.
Tom gave me something that I needed.
Tom gave me something I needed.
Tom has been helping Mary as well.
Tom has also been helping Mary.
Tom has been helping Mary, too.
Tom has been to a lot of countries.
Tom has been to many countries.
Tom has never tried to do that.
Tom has never tried doing that.
Tom has no place to live.
Tom doesn't have a place to live.
Tom hasn't yet finished eating.
Tom hasn't finished eating yet.
Tom helps anybody that asks him.
Tom helps anybody who asks him.
Tom helps anyone who asks him for help.
Tom himself might've done that.
Tom himself may have done that.
Tom is in this picture as well.
Tom is also musically talented.
Tom is musically talented, too.
Tom will do that today as well.
Tom is going to have to figure it out.
Tom will have to figure it out.
Tom is going to try to do that.
Tom is going to try doing that.
Tom is having a good time as well.
Tom is having a good time, too.
Tom is helping me do that as well.
Tom is also helping me do that.
Tom is helping me do that, too.
Tom is musically talented as well.
Tom is now learning to do that.
Tom is learning to do that now.
Tom is now living in Australia.
Tom is living in Australia now.
Tom is very good with kids.
Tom is very good with children.
Tom isn't as impatient as Mary is.
Tom isn't going to be back until Monday.
Tom won't be back until Monday.
Tom isn't yet ready to do that.
Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
Tom likes doing that with Mary.
Tom likes to do that with Mary.
Tom may have gone home already.
Tom might've gone home already.
Tom might be busy this afternoon.
Tom may be busy this afternoon.
Tom might be called as a witness.
Tom may be called as a witness.
Tom might be doing that tomorrow.
Tom may be doing that tomorrow.
Tom might die from the infection.
Tom may die from the infection.
Tom might have a better solution.
Tom may have a better solution.
Tom might have to take a pay cut.
Tom may have to take a pay cut.
Tom might know why Mary did that.
Tom may know why Mary did that.
Tom might not even make the team.
Tom may not even make the team.
Tom might not know where Mary is.
Tom may not know where Mary is.
Tom might've already done that.
Tom must've been miserable.
Tom had to have been miserable.
Tom must've been skeptical.
Tom had to have been skeptical.
Tom had to have been surprised.
Tom must've been terrified.
Tom had to have been terrified.
Tom no longer teaches here.
Tom doesn't teach here anymore.
Tom pleaded guilty to all charges.
Tom pled guilty to all charges.
Tom pleaded not guilty in October.
Tom pled not guilty in October.
Tom said Mary liked to do that.
Tom said Mary liked doing that.
Tom said Mary likes to dance.
Tom said Mary likes dancing.
Tom said Mary likes to do that.
Tom said Mary likes doing that.
Tom said that he can't do that.
Tom said he wasn't angry anymore.
Tom said he wasn't mad anymore.
Tom said he'd help you do that as well.
Tom said he'd also help you do that.
Tom said he'd help you do that, too.
Tom said he's not in any hurry.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry.
Tom said no one else was there.
Tom said nobody else was there.
Tom said no one was in a hurry.
Tom said nobody was in a hurry.
Tom says Mary likes to do that.
Tom says Mary likes doing that.
Tom should never have been fired.
Tom should never have been there.
Tom never should've been there.
Tom should've never been there.
Tom shouldn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom shouldn't let Mary do that.
Tom stayed at home all day Monday.
Tom stayed home all day Monday.
Tom will be hungry soon.
Tom is going to be hungry soon.
Tom will buy a used car.
Tom is going to buy a used car.
Tom will probably come by cab.
Tom will probably come by taxi.
Tom will unlikely do that today.
Tom won't likely do that today.
Tom won't let that happen.
Tom won't allow that to happen.
Tom won't allow you to do that.
Tom wouldn't do that to anybody.
Tom wouldn't do that to anyone.
Tom's troubles aren't yet over.
We're not permitted to do that.
We aren't permitted to do that.
What Tom did shocked everyone.
What Tom did shocked everybody.
You can't let Tom do that.
You can't allow Tom to do that.
You look just like your dad.
You may leave anytime you want to.
You may leave anytime you want.
Actually, I've already done that.
I've actually already done that.
Both Tom and I are music majors.
Tom and I are both music majors.
Both Tom and I like Korean food.
Tom and I both like Korean food.
Everybody I know has left Boston.
Everyone I know has left Boston.
Everybody wanted to go to Boston.
Everyone wanted to go to Boston.
I couldn't have done that by myself.
I couldn't have done that alone.
I did what I was supposed to.
I did what I was supposed to do.
I didn't mean to insult anyone.
I didn't mean to insult anybody.
I didn't visit anybody last week.
I didn't visit anyone last week.
I don't eat as much as Tom.
I don't eat as much as Tom does.
I don't have anyone to lean on.
I don't have anybody to lean on.
I don't think Tom has ever done that.
I think Tom has never done that.
I feel certain that Tom will do that.
I feel certain Tom will do that.
I found it hard to do that.
I found it difficult to do that.
I haven't yet washed the dishes.
I haven't washed the dishes yet.
I need to give Tom something.
I need to give something to Tom.
I promise that I'll do that tomorrow.
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.
I promise you I'll do that.
I promise you that I'll do that.
I stayed at home all day yesterday.
I stayed home all day yesterday.
I think I don't need to do that.
I don't think I need to do that.
I don't think Tom is dependable.
I think Tom might want to do that.
I think Tom may want to do that.
I think that Tom has never done that.
I'd like to try to do that once.
I'd like to try doing that once.
I'd like to try to do that.
I'd like to try doing that.
I'd like you to tell me the truth.
Is there anyone doing that now?
Is there anybody doing that now?
It'll be impossible to do that.
It won't be possible to do that.
My parents don't allow me to do that.
My parents don't let me do that.
My parents won't allow me to do that.
My parents won't let me do that.
No one I know enjoys doing that.
Nobody I know enjoys doing that.
No one I know needed to do that.
Nobody I know needed to do that.
No one I know wanted to do that.
Nobody I know wanted to do that.
No one except Tom could do that.
Nobody except Tom could do that.
No one does that other than you.
Nobody does that other than you.
Our doors are open to everyone.
Our doors are open to everybody.
That'll be very hard to do.
The one who's doing that is Tom.
Tom is the one who's doing that.
There were many of people there.
There's no time to do that.
There isn't any time to do that.
Tom already plans on doing that.
Tom plans on doing that already.
Tom and I are both conservative.
Both Tom and I are conservative.
Tom and I are both still single.
Both Tom and I are still single.
Tom and I both covered our eyes.
Both Tom and I covered our eyes.
Tom and I both know how to swim.
Both Tom and I know how to swim.
Tom and I can both speak French.
Both Tom and I can speak French.
Tom and I did what we had to.
Tom and I did what we had to do.
Tom apparently likes doing that.
Tom apparently likes to do that.
Tom asked everyone to be quiet.
Tom asked everybody to be quiet.
Tom baked an apple pie for Mary.
Tom does things I'm not able to do.
Tom does things that I can't do.
Tom doesn't often do that by himself.
Tom doesn't often do that alone.
Tom found it hard to stay mad.
Tom found it hard to stay angry.
Tom gives his children an allowance.
Tom gives his kids an allowance.
Tom has a lot of time to do that.
Tom has lots of time to do that.
Tom has done that a lot of times.
Tom has done that lots of times.
Tom has done that many times.
Tom has given me a lot of things.
Tom has started to write a novel.
Tom hasn't locked the doors yet.
Tom hasn't yet locked the doors.
Tom is afraid to try to do that.
Tom is afraid to try doing that.
Tom is expected to do that, too.
Tom is also expected to do that.
Tom is frequently absent from school.
Tom is incapable of doing that.
Tom isn't capable of doing that.
Tom is just as smart as Mary.
Tom is just as smart as Mary is.
Tom is likely to still be mad.
Tom is likely to still be angry.
Tom is the person who did that.
Tom is the person that did that.
Tom isn't going to be back until October.
Tom won't be back until October.
Tom isn't going to get home until Monday.
Tom won't get home until Monday.
Tom isn't likely to be angry.
Tom isn't likely to be mad.
Tom liked everyone on his team.
Tom liked everybody on his team.
Tom likes dogs more than he likes people.
Tom likes dogs more than people.
Tom likes doing that by himself.
Tom likes to do that by himself.
Tom likes to play with this dog.
Tom likes playing with this dog.
Tom likes to watch sports on TV.
Tom likes watching sports on TV.
Tom may be stranded somewhere.
Tom might be stranded somewhere.
Tom may be tempted to do that.
Tom might be tempted to do that.
Tom may be through doing that.
Tom might be through doing that.
Tom might be a really good runner.
Tom may be a really good runner.
Tom might be doing that right now.
Tom may be doing that right now.
Tom might never be the same again.
Tom may never be the same again.
Tom might not know how to do that.
Tom may not know how to do that.
Tom might've met Mary yesterday.
Tom must be grateful for that.
Tom has to be grateful for that.
Tom must've been displeased.
Tom had to have been displeased.
Tom had to have been suspicious.
Tom plans on doing that by himself.
Tom plans to do that by himself.
Tom said Mary didn't seem mad.
Tom said Mary didn't seem angry.
Tom said Mary wasn't very mad.
Tom said Mary wasn't very angry.
Tom said he plans to do that.
Tom said he plans on doing that.
Tom said he'd help Mary do that as well.
Tom said he'd also help Mary do that.
Tom said he'd help Mary do that, too.
Tom said he's already done that.
Tom said he's done that already.
Tom said it's all right to do that now.
Tom said it's OK to do that now.
Tom said no one else was hungry.
Tom said nobody else was hungry.
Tom said that Mary has to do that.
Tom said that Mary must do that.
Tom says he can already do that.
Tom says he can do that already.
Tom says he plans to do that.
Tom says he plans on doing that.
Tom says he's already done that.
Tom says he's done that already.
Tom should've done that already.
Tom should've already done that.
Tom very rarely does that by himself.
Tom very rarely does that alone.
Tom very seldom does that by himself.
Tom very seldom does that alone.
Tom will be married soon.
Tom is going to be married soon.
Tom will be very puzzled.
Tom is going to be very puzzled.
Tom will help me do that.
Tom is going to help me do that.
Tom will help us do that.
Tom is going to help us do that.
Tom won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom wrote down everybody's names.
Tom wrote down everyone's names.
Tom's house burned down as well.
Tom's house isn't far from my house.
Tom's house isn't far from mine.
Tom's problems aren't over yet.
Tom's problems are not yet over.
Tom's speech lasted for three hours.
Tom's speech lasted three hours.
We haven't found a solution yet.
We haven't yet found a solution.
We might come to Boston next week.
We may come to Boston next week.
We might go to Boston next summer.
We may go to Boston next summer.
We're lucky that Tom did that for us.
We're lucky Tom did that for us.
What Tom said shocked everyone.
What Tom said shocked everybody.
What you said shocked everyone.
What you said shocked everybody.
You aren't permitted to do that.
You're not permitted to do that.
You must really like to do that.
You must really like doing that.
Both Tom and I haven't done that.
Tom and I both haven't done that.
Did anybody go to Boston with you?
Did anyone go to Boston with you?
Doing that will probably be difficult.
Doing that will probably be hard.
Doing that wouldn't be hard.
Doing that wouldn't be difficult.
Everybody here understands French.
Everyone here understands French.
Everyone is completely worn out.
Everybody is completely worn out.
Everyone wanted Tom to be happy.
Everybody wanted Tom to be happy.
I actually haven't done that yet.
I haven't actually done that yet.
I did that the way I was told.
I did that the way I was told to.
I don't want to wake the children up.
I don't want to wake up the kids.
I don't want to wake up the children.
I don't want to wake the kids up.
I don't yet know everybody's name.
I don't yet know everyone's name.
I haven't yet bought the tickets.
I haven't bought the tickets yet.
I promise that I'll be there tomorrow.
I sometimes do that after school.
I do that after school sometimes.
I want to talk to you privately.
I wish I hadn't gone there alone.
I wish I hadn't tried doing that.
I wish I hadn't tried to do that.
I won't allow anyone to harm you.
I wonder what Tom plans on doing.
I wrote three letters yesterday.
Yesterday, I wrote three letters.
I'm about the same age as Tom.
I'm about the same age as Tom is.
I'm glad that no one got injured.
I'm sure that Tom has never done that.
I'm sure Tom has never done that.
I'm three years younger than you are.
I'm trying not to make Tom mad.
It won't be very difficult to do that.
It won't be very hard to do that.
It would be hard to do that.
It would be difficult to do that.
It's hard for me to do that.
It's difficult for me to do that.
No one I know is able to do that.
No one seems to be afraid but me.
Nobody seems to be afraid but me.
Please promise me that you'll do that.
Please promise me you'll do that.
Sometimes I do that after school.
Tom almost never does that by himself.
Tom almost never does that alone.
Tom already had that figured out.
Tom had that figured out already.
Both Tom and I are a little busy.
Both Tom and I are happy to help.
Tom and I both grew up in Boston.
Both Tom and I grew up in Boston.
Tom and I both have new bicycles.
Both Tom and I have new bicycles.
Tom and I both have one of those.
Both Tom and I have one of those.
Both Tom and I like to play golf.
Tom and I both needed to do that.
Both Tom and I needed to do that.
Tom and I both wanted to do that.
Both Tom and I wanted to do that.
Tom and I were both disappointed.
Both Tom and I were disappointed.
Tom and I'd both like to do that.
Both Tom and I'd like to do that.
Tom and I've both been to Boston.
Both Tom and I've been to Boston.
Both Tom and I've been very busy.
Tom and Mary both got here early.
Both Tom and Mary got here early.
Tom appears to have a lot of friends.
Tom appears to have many friends.
Tom did that as quickly as he could.
Tom did that as fast as he could.
Tom did that to survive.
Tom did that in order to survive.
Tom didn't know why Mary was angry.
Tom didn't know why Mary was mad.
Tom didn't seem concerned at all.
Tom didn't seem at all concerned.
Tom didn't want anybody to be sad.
Tom didn't want anyone to be sad.
Tom doesn't have any friends to advise him.
Tom has no friends to advise him.
Tom gathered his children around him.
Tom gathered his kids around him.
Tom handed Mary a set of keys.
Tom handed a set of keys to Mary.
Tom has a lot more money than me.
Tom has a lot of friends to help him.
Tom has many friends to help him.
Tom has already scored 30 points.
Tom has scored 30 points already.
Tom has been doing that lately.
Tom has been doing that recently.
Tom has been quite busy lately.
Tom has done that only twice.
Tom has done that only two times.
Tom has lent a lot of money to Mary.
Tom has lent Mary a lot of money.
Tom has lots of friends to help him.
Tom hasn't agreed to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet agreed to do that.
Tom hasn't yet done his homework.
Tom is as good a cook as Mary.
Tom is doing very well, actually.
Actually, Tom is doing very well.
Tom is helping Mary do that, too.
Tom is also helping Mary do that.
Tom is now making a table for me.
Tom is making a table for me now.
Tom is now old enough to do that.
Tom is old enough to do that now.
Tom is taking a nap on the sofa.
Tom is taking a nap on the couch.
Tom is unaware of what Mary did.
Tom isn't aware of what Mary did.
Tom is unlikely to ever do that.
Tom isn't likely to ever do that.
Tom knows that he has to do that soon.
Tom knows he has to do that soon.
Tom knows that he should do that soon.
Tom knows he should do that soon.
Tom knows this as well as anybody.
Tom knows this as well as anyone.
Tom likes to listen to the radio.
Tom likes listening to the radio.
Tom may be hesitant to do that.
Tom might be hesitant to do that.
Tom may have done the same thing.
Tom might've done the same thing.
Tom might not be able to do that.
Tom may know Mary's phone number.
Tom might know where Mary was born.
Tom may know where Mary was born.
Tom may not be in Boston anymore.
Tom might not even know what to do.
Tom may not even know what to do.
Tom might not even want to do that.
Tom may not even want to do that.
Tom may not know that we're here.
Tom might've done that last week.
Tom may have done that last week.
Tom might've done that with Mary.
Tom may have done that with Mary.
Tom must've done that deliberately.
Tom must've done that on purpose.
Tom planned on doing that yesterday.
Tom planned to do that yesterday.
Tom pleaded guilty to grand larceny.
Tom pled guilty to grand larceny.
Tom promised that he'd do that for me.
Tom promised he'd do that for me.
Tom quickly scanned the document.
Tom scanned the document quickly.
Tom said that Mary can't do that.
Tom said he hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom said he's done nothing wrong.
Tom said he hasn't done that yet.
Tom said he hasn't yet done that.
Tom said he might possibly do that.
Tom said he may possibly do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was angry.
Tom said he thought Mary was mad.
Tom said he's not going anywhere.
Tom said he isn't going anywhere.
Tom said he's not ready to leave.
Tom said he isn't ready to leave.
Tom said no one else was injured.
Tom said nobody else was injured.
Tom said that it was an exciting game.
Tom said it was an exciting game.
Tom says Mary can do that.
Tom says Mary is able to do that.
Tom says he hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom says he's done nothing wrong.
Tom says he hasn't done that yet.
Tom says he hasn't yet done that.
Tom should let Mary do that.
Tom should allow Mary to do that.
Tom showed up early for practice.
Tom showed up for practice early.
Tom thinks that Mary might do that.
Tom thinks that Mary may do that.
Tom told the children a story.
Tom told a story to the children.
Tom will be a great coach.
Tom is going to be a great coach.
Tom is going to be sorely missed.
Tom will be tough to beat.
Tom is going to be tough to beat.
Tom will do that right the next time.
Tom will do that right next time.
Tom will get married soon.
Tom is going to get married soon.
Tom will marry a Canadian.
Tom is going to marry a Canadian.
Tom will probably not come tomorrow.
Tom probably won't come tomorrow.
Tom will try to help Mary.
Tom is going to try to help Mary.
Tom will unlikely have to do that.
Tom won't likely have to do that.
Tom will unlikely need to do that.
Tom won't likely need to do that.
Tom will unlikely want to do that.
Tom won't likely want to do that.
Tom won't allow Mary to do that again.
Tom won't let Mary do that again.
We expect Tom to do that, too.
We expect Tom to do that as well.
When are you planning on doing that?
Who'll do that tomorrow, I wonder.
I wonder who'll do that tomorrow.
You may do that anytime you want to.
You may do that anytime you want.
You may not be able to do that.
You might not be able to do that.
You're a better cook than Tom.
You're a better cook than Tom is.
You're three years older than I am.
Both Tom and I didn't say a thing.
Tom and I both didn't say a thing.
Both Tom and Mary are Republicans.
Tom and Mary are both Republicans.
Both Tom and Mary have been fired.
Tom and Mary have both been fired.
Do you still let Tom do that?
Do you still allow Tom to do that?
Does anyone here want to do that?
Does anybody here want to do that?
Doing that will be very hard.
Doing that will be very difficult.
Everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
Everybody seemed to be in a hurry.
Everyone seems to be very afraid.
Everybody seems to be very afraid.
Everyone was completely worn out.
Everybody was completely worn out.
I didn't want to wake up the kids.
I didn't want to wake the kids up.
I don't drive as fast as Tom.
I don't drive as fast as Tom does.
I don't have anyone to play with.
I don't have anybody to play with.
I had no chance to do that.
I didn't have a chance to do that.
I haven't yet finished doing that.
I haven't finished doing that yet.
I haven't yet watered the flowers.
I haven't watered the flowers yet.
I may possibly do that tomorrow.
I might possibly do that tomorrow.
I shouldn't have tried doing that.
I shouldn't have tried to do that.
I think Tom has done that already.
I think Tom has already done that.
I think Tom still has to do that.
Tom still has to do that, I think.
I think Tom would like doing that.
I think Tom would like to do that.
I'll try one more time to do that.
I'll try to do that one more time.
I'll try doing that one more time.
I'm allowed to do anything I want to do.
I'm allowed to do anything I want.
I'm sure Tom will allow you to do that.
I'm sure Tom will let you do that.
I'm three years older than Tom.
I'm three years older than Tom is.
I've just started to study French.
It was Tom that did that yesterday.
It was Tom who did that yesterday.
It would be unethical to do that.
It wouldn't be ethical to do that.
It'll probably be difficult to do that.
It'll probably be hard to do that.
No one here even tried to do that.
Nobody here even tried to do that.
No one seemed to be afraid but me.
Nobody seemed to be afraid but me.
No one wants to do that, you know.
Nobody wants to do that, you know.
Please don't let Tom do that.
Please don't allow Tom to do that.
Please have somebody else do that.
The only one who does that is Tom.
Tom is the only one who does that.
Tom actually hasn't done that yet.
Tom hasn't actually done that yet.
Tom almost always does that by himself.
Tom almost always does that alone.
Tom and I are both busy right now.
Both Tom and I are busy right now.
Tom and I are both from Australia.
Both Tom and I are from Australia.
Tom and I are both good at French.
Both Tom and I are good at French.
Tom and I both can't speak French.
Tom and I both don't speak French.
Both Tom and I don't speak French.
Tom and I both enjoyed that movie.
Both Tom and I enjoyed that movie.
Tom and I both got out of the car.
Both Tom and I got out of the car.
Tom and I both like riding horses.
Both Tom and I like riding horses.
Tom and I both saw Mary slap John.
Both Tom and I saw Mary slap John.
Tom and I do a lot things together.
Tom and I do lots things together.
Tom and I have no children.
Tom and I don't have any children.
Tom and I were both almost killed.
Both Tom and I were almost killed.
Tom and Mary both have to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary both need to do that.
Both Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary both want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom bought some toys for his children.
Tom bought his children some toys.
Tom can do much better than that.
Tom can do a lot better than that.
Tom can do that better than me.
Tom can do that better than I can.
Tom claims he's already done that.
Tom claims he's done that already.
Tom wasn't able find Mary's house.
Tom didn't return home till midnight.
Tom didn't seem frustrated at all.
Tom didn't seem at all frustrated.
Tom didn't seem interested at all.
Tom didn't seem at all interested.
Tom didn't tell anyone the truth.
Tom didn't tell anybody the truth.
Tom didn't want anybody to get mad.
Tom didn't want anyone to get mad.
Tom does that more than Mary.
Tom does that more than Mary does.
Tom does that very well, actually.
Actually, Tom does that very well.
Tom doesn't like giving speeches.
Tom doesn't like to give speeches.
Tom doesn't usually comb his hair.
Tom usually doesn't comb his hair.
Tom doesn't usually do that by himself.
Tom doesn't usually do that alone.
Tom doesn't want to do that himself.
Tom doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom has done his homework already.
Tom has been fooled twice already.
Tom has already been fooled twice.
Tom has just done that apparently.
Tom has apparently just done that.
Tom has lived here his whole life.
Tom has only one friend in Boston.
Tom only has one friend in Boston.
Tom has read a lot of books in French.
Tom has read many books in French.
Tom has read lots of books in French.
Tom has won a lot of awards this year.
Tom has won many awards this year.
Tom has written more than thirty books.
Tom has written over thirty books.
Tom hasn't closed the windows yet.
Tom hasn't yet closed the windows.
Tom hasn't stopped doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet stopped doing that.
Tom hasn't yet decided on a major.
Tom hasn't decided on a major yet.
Tom hasn't yet made an appearance.
Tom hasn't made an appearance yet.
Tom hasn't yet registered to vote.
Tom hasn't registered to vote yet.
Tom hasn't told me what to do yet.
Tom is a better cook than Mary.
Tom is a better cook than Mary is.
Tom is able to do that by himself now.
Tom can do that by himself now.
Tom is also a member of our group.
Tom is a member of our group, too.
Tom is also on the wrestling team.
Tom is on the wrestling team, too.
Tom is an accomplished actor, too.
Tom is also an accomplished actor.
Tom is going to be relieved to hear that.
Tom will be relieved to hear that.
Tom is hesitant to try to do that.
Tom is hesitant to try doing that.
Tom is mentioned in the book as well.
Tom is also mentioned in the book.
Tom is mentioned in the book, too.
Tom is much older than my father.
Tom is a lot older than my father.
Tom is now able to do that by himself.
Tom can now do that by himself.
Tom is on the wrestling team as well.
Tom is the one that did that wrong.
Tom is the one who did that wrong.
Tom is unlikely to do that again.
Tom isn't likely to do that again.
Tom isn't able to do that as well as Mary.
Tom can't do that as well as Mary.
Tom knows that he has to do that today.
Tom knows he has to do that today.
Tom knows that he should do that today.
Tom knows he should do that today.
Tom likes to keep stuff like that.
Tom likes keeping stuff like that.
Tom looks older than he actually is.
Tom may be desperate to do that.
Tom might be desperate to do that.
Tom may be motivated to do that.
Tom might be motivated to do that.
Tom may be reluctant to do that.
Tom might be reluctant to do that.
Tom might get fined if he does that.
Tom may get fined if he does that.
Tom might have to go back to Boston.
Tom may have to go back to Boston.
Tom might not be willing to do that.
Tom may not be willing to do that.
Tom might not be willing to help us.
Tom may not be willing to help us.
Tom might not know where Mary lives.
Tom may not know where Mary lives.
Tom might not know where Mary works.
Tom may not know where Mary works.
Tom might possibly be here tomorrow.
Tom may possibly be here tomorrow.
Tom might've done that by himself.
Tom may have done that by himself.
Tom ought to have arrived home by now.
Tom should've arrived home by now.
Tom planned on doing that by himself.
Tom planned to do that by himself.
Tom pleaded with the judge for mercy.
Tom pled with the judge for mercy.
Tom said that he couldn't do that.
Tom said he planned to do that.
Tom said he planned on doing that.
Tom said no one else was laughing.
Tom said nobody else was laughing.
Tom said that I didn't have to do that.
Tom says he isn't able to do that.
Tom says he doesn't have any concrete plans.
Tom says he has no concrete plans.
Tom says no one has been arrested.
Tom says nobody has been arrested.
Tom seems to have lots of friends.
Tom seldom does that anymore.
Tom should never have been arrested.
Tom should've never been arrested.
Tom should never have been pardoned.
Tom should've never been pardoned.
Tom should never have been released.
Tom should've never been released.
Tom should never have told you that.
Tom never should've told you that.
Tom sold Mary his old clarinet.
Tom sold his old clarinet to Mary.
Tom somewhat resembles his father.
Tom resembles his father somewhat.
Tom told Mary he was thirsty.
Tom will be very depressed.
Tom is going to be very depressed.
Tom will buy a new bicycle.
Tom is going to buy a new bicycle.
Tom will buy that for Mary.
Tom is going to buy that for Mary.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that.
Tom won't ever be able to do that.
Tom won't let anyone do that.
Tom's friends knew Tom was unhappy.
Tom's friends knew he was unhappy.
Tom's house is very close to my house.
Tom's house is very close to mine.
We may visit Boston next spring.
We might visit Boston next spring.
We must correct these problems.
We have to correct these problems.
What do you usually have for lunch?
Why aren't we allowed to do that?
Why are we not allowed to do that?
You don't seem to like to do that.
You don't seem to like doing that.
You look as though you've seen a ghost.
All of your answers were wrong.
All of your answers were incorrect.
Almost everybody here speaks French.
Almost everyone believed the rumor.
Both Tom and I live on Park Street.
Tom and I both live on Park Street.
Both Tom and I were here yesterday.
Tom and I were both here yesterday.
Both of Tom's brothers are able to do that.
Both of Tom's brothers can do that.
Do you plan to do that sometime?
Do you plan on doing that sometime?
Does anybody here understand French?
Does anyone here understand French?
Doing that won't be very hard.
Doing that won't be very difficult.
Everybody I know has studied French.
Everyone I know has studied French.
Everybody here except me has done that.
Everyone here but me has done that.
Everyone here except me has done that.
Everyone knows you went to Boston.
Everybody knows you went to Boston.
How many bananas do you eat per week?
How many bananas do you eat a week?
I asked everybody the same question.
I asked everyone the same question.
I can't do that as well as Tom.
I can't do that as well as Tom can.
I can't do that as well as you.
I can't do that as well as you can.
I could do that when I was a kid.
I could do that when I was a child.
I didn't see anybody on my way here.
I didn't see anyone on my way here.
I didn't think Tom would be so angry.
I didn't think Tom would be so mad.
I don't have everything I need yet.
I don't yet have everything I need.
I think that isn't going to happen.
I think that's not going to happen.
I don't have any desire to do that.
I know nothing about Boston.
I know that Tom can do that.
I know that Tom is able to do that.
I might stay in Boston until October.
I may stay in Boston until October.
I promise that I won't be late tomorrow.
I promise I won't be late tomorrow.
I told Tom to do whatever he wants to do.
I told Tom to do whatever he wants.
I was unable to do that by myself.
I wasn't able to do that by myself.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom my car.
I wish I hadn't lent my car to Tom.
I'm roughly the same age as Tom.
I'm roughly the same age as Tom is.
I'm sure that that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure that'll eventually happen.
It might not be difficult to do that.
It may not be difficult to do that.
It ought to be possible to do that.
My mom told me to clean my room.
My mother told me to clean my room.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that.
My parents wouldn't let me do that.
No one I know knows how to do that.
Nobody I know knows how to do that.
Someone else will do that for you.
Somebody else will do that for you.
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Somebody must've stolen your watch.
The police said no one was injured.
The police said nobody was injured.
There weren't any children in the park.
There weren't any kids in the park.
Tom and I are both in the hospital.
Both Tom and I are in the hospital.
Tom and I are both older than Mary.
Both Tom and I are older than Mary.
Tom and I both have Canadian wives.
Both Tom and I have Canadian wives.
Tom and I both just stared at Mary.
Both Tom and I just stared at Mary.
Tom and I both nodded in agreement.
Both Tom and I nodded in agreement.
Tom and I both should've done that.
Both Tom and I should've done that.
Both Tom and I want the same thing.
Tom and I can both sing quite well.
Both Tom and I can sing quite well.
Tom and I can both swim quite well.
Both Tom and I can swim quite well.
Both Tom and I were at the meeting.
Tom and I were both born in Boston.
Both Tom and I were born in Boston.
Tom and Mary are both music majors.
Both Tom and Mary are music majors.
Tom and Mary both died in accident.
Both Tom and Mary died in accident.
Tom and his father were both there.
Both Tom and his father were there.
Tom can't do that as well as me.
Tom can't do that as well as I can.
Tom did that in front of everyone.
Tom did that in front of everybody.
Tom did that without anybody's help.
Tom did that without anyone's help.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that.
Tom does things I don't like to do.
Tom does things I don't like doing.
Tom does things that I don't like doing.
Tom does things that I don't like to do.
Tom doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be angry.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be mad.
Tom eventually was able to do that.
Tom was able to do that eventually.
Tom gave Mary an expensive gift.
Tom gave an expensive gift to Mary.
Tom gave Mary something that she needed.
Tom gave Mary something she needed.
Tom got here earlier than Mary.
Tom had no trouble doing that.
Tom didn't have trouble doing that.
Tom handed the clerk some money.
Tom handed some money to the clerk.
Tom has a lot more money than I do.
Tom has a lot of property in Boston.
Tom has lots of property in Boston.
Tom has already pledged to do that.
Tom has pledged to do that already.
Tom has already stopped doing that.
Tom has stopped doing that already.
Tom has given a lot of things to me.
Tom has given lots of things to me.
Tom has gone out for lunch already.
Tom has already gone out for lunch.
Tom has had no chance to do that.
Tom hasn't had a chance to do that.
Tom has never allowed me to drive his car.
Tom has never let me drive his car.
Tom has probably already done that.
Tom has probably done that already.
Tom has recently rejoined the team.
Tom has rejoined the team recently.
Tom hasn't yet asked me to do that.
Tom hasn't asked me to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom hasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet promised to do that.
Tom hasn't promised to do that yet.
Tom is a skilled chess player, too.
Tom is also a skilled chess player.
Tom is also going to be late today.
Tom is going to be late today, too.
Tom is expected to do that as well.
Tom is facing substantial prison time.
Tom is facing a lot of prison time.
Tom is going to be last person to do that.
Tom will be last person to do that.
Tom is much taller than his father is.
Tom is much taller than his father.
Tom is now at home with his family.
Tom is at home with his family now.
Tom is now serving a life sentence.
Tom is serving a life sentence now.
Tom is obviously very intelligent.
Obviously, Tom is very intelligent.
Tom is on the same committee as I am.
Tom is on the same committee as me.
Tom is smart enough not to do that.
Tom is smart enough to not do that.
Tom is three inches taller than me.
Tom is unaware that Mary did that.
Tom isn't aware that Mary did that.
Tom knows I'm not afraid of anybody.
Tom knows I'm not afraid of anyone.
Tom knows that better than anyone.
Tom knows that better than anybody.
Tom knows that he needs to do that soon.
Tom knows he needs to do that soon.
Tom knows that he ought to do that soon.
Tom knows he ought to do that soon.
Tom leaves for Australia on Monday.
Tom leaves on Monday for Australia.
Tom likes to go fishing by himself.
Tom may be determined to do that.
Tom might be determined to do that.
Tom may be in Boston next Monday.
Tom might be in Boston next Monday.
Tom might even end up back in Boston.
Tom may even end up back in Boston.
Tom might even need to do that again.
Tom may even need to do that again.
Tom might've had a fight with Mary.
Tom might've missed the last train.
Tom may have missed the last train.
Tom must be motivated to do that.
Tom has to be motivated to do that.
Tom must be planning to do that.
Tom must be planning on doing that.
Tom must be reluctant to do that.
Tom has to be reluctant to do that.
Tom never intended to harm anyone.
Tom never intended to harm anybody.
Tom never intended to hurt anyone.
Tom never intended to hurt anybody.
Tom never should've been elected.
Tom should never have been elected.
Tom pleaded guilty and was fined $300.
Tom pled guilty and was fined $300.
Tom pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Tom pled not guilty to all charges.
Tom promised me that he'd do that today.
Tom promised me he'd do that today.
Tom said Mary will unlikely do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely do that.
Tom said he heard someone singing.
Tom said he heard somebody singing.
Tom said he heard someone snoring.
Tom said he heard somebody snoring.
Tom said he heard someone yelling.
Tom said he heard somebody yelling.
Tom said he needed to stay home.
Tom said he needed to stay at home.
Tom said he probably isn't going to do that.
Tom said he probably won't do that.
Tom said he'd try doing that again.
Tom said he'd try to do that again.
Tom said he'd try to do that today.
Tom said he'd try doing that today.
Tom said he'll be doing that by himself.
Tom said he'll be doing that alone.
Tom said he'll be doing that on his own.
Tom said he isn't going to do that.
Tom said that he had a lot of money.
Tom said that he had lots of money.
Tom said that may cause problems.
Tom said that might cause problems.
Tom says that he did nothing wrong.
Tom says he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom says he's not ready to do that.
Tom says he isn't ready to do that.
Tom says it isn't worth the effort.
Tom says it's not worth the effort.
Tom secretly planned to do that.
Tom secretly planned on doing that.
Tom should've not been doing that.
Tom shouldn't have been doing that.
Tom showed his photograph album to me.
Tom showed me his photograph album.
Tom usually doesn't do that for me.
Tom doesn't usually do that for me.
Tom was mentioned in the book as well.
Tom was also mentioned in the book.
Tom was mentioned in the book, too.
Tom wasn't in Boston very long.
Tom wasn't in Boston for very long.
Tom will be here till next Monday.
Tom will be here until next Monday.
Tom will be here to do that.
Tom is going to be here to do that.
Tom will buy a new trombone.
Tom is going to buy a new trombone.
Tom will get you in trouble.
Tom is going to get you in trouble.
Tom will unlikely do that with Mary.
Tom won't likely do that with Mary.
Tom won't allow Mary to do that anymore.
Tom won't let Mary do that anymore.
Tom won't do that with anybody else.
Tom won't do that with anyone else.
Tom won't allow anybody to do that.
We may come to Boston next month.
We might come to Boston next month.
What do you plan to do tomorrow?
What do you plan on doing tomorrow?
What do you usually have for dinner?
What do you usually eat for dinner?
What do you usually have for supper?
What do you usually eat for supper?
Why are you planning to do that?
You may not be able to open that.
You might not be able to open that.
You seem to have already done that.
You seem to have done that already.
You're expected to do that, too.
You're expected to do that as well.
You're three inches taller than I am.
You're three inches taller than me.
You're three years younger than I am.
Both Tom and I were happy in Boston.
Tom and I were both happy in Boston.
Do you have any idea what's going to happen?
Do you have any idea what'll happen?
Doing that will likely be hard.
Doing that will likely be difficult.
Everybody here except Tom has done that.
Everyone here but Tom has done that.
Everybody here but me has done that.
Everyone here except Tom has done that.
Everyone seems to be afraid but me.
Everybody seems to be afraid but me.
Everyone thinks Tom went to Boston.
Everybody thinks Tom went to Boston.
I didn't expect anyone to be there.
I didn't expect anybody to be there.
I haven't yet read the instructions.
I haven't read the instructions yet.
I haven't yet taken out the garbage.
I haven't taken out the garbage yet.
I know Tom better than anyone else.
I know Tom better than anybody else.
I live in the same dorm as Tom.
I live in the same dorm as Tom does.
I live in the same dormitory as Tom.
I plan to do that while I'm here.
I plan on doing that while I'm here.
I think Tom is smarter than Mary.
I think Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I think Tom still needs to do that.
Tom still needs to do that, I think.
I think Tom still wants to do that.
Tom still wants to do that, I think.
I think Tom won't be awake now.
I don't think Tom will be awake now.
I think Tom won't be impressed.
I don't think Tom will be impressed.
I thought Tom would like to do that.
I thought Tom would like doing that.
I'd like you to do that alone.
I'd like you to do that by yourself.
I'm certain that Tom has never done that.
I'm certain Tom has never done that.
It wouldn't be hard to do that.
It wouldn't be difficult to do that.
It's hard to do that, isn't it?
It's difficult to do that, isn't it?
Many of your answers were wrong.
Many of your answers were incorrect.
Most of your answers were wrong.
Most of your answers were incorrect.
Someone must've seen what happened.
Somebody must've seen what happened.
The judged hasn't ruled on that yet.
The judged hasn't yet ruled on that.
The only one who can do that is Tom.
Tom is the only one who can do that.
The park is always full of kids.
The park is always full of children.
Tom actually was very busy that day.
Tom was actually very busy that day.
Tom also plays the guitar very well.
Tom plays the guitar very well, too.
Tom and I are both college students.
Both Tom and I are college students.
Both Tom and I are on the same team.
Tom and I are both thirty years old.
Both Tom and I are thirty years old.
Both Tom and I want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and I want you to be happy.
Tom and I were unable to help Mary.
Tom and I weren't able to help Mary.
Tom and Mary both grew up in Boston.
Tom can rest as long as he wants.
Tom can rest as long as he wants to.
Tom did nothing wrong, in my opinion.
In my opinion Tom did nothing wrong.
Tom didn't immediately give up hope.
Tom didn't give up hope immediately.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so angry.
Tom didn't know why Mary was so mad.
Tom didn't want anybody to get angry.
Tom didn't want anyone to get angry.
Tom died in the same year Mary did.
Tom died in the same year Mary died.
Tom does that better than Mary.
Tom does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom had a hard time doing that.
Tom had a difficult time doing that.
Tom has a hard time doing that.
Tom has a difficult time doing that.
Tom has a lot of teaching experience.
Tom has lots of teaching experience.
Tom has a lot of things he has to do.
Tom has lots of things he has to do.
Tom has apologized for that already.
Tom has already asked me to do that.
Tom has asked me to do that already.
Tom has already been asked to leave.
Tom has been asked to leave already.
Tom has already finished doing that.
Tom has finished doing that already.
Tom has forgotten about you already.
Tom has already promised to do that.
Tom has promised to do that already.
Tom has signed the contract already.
Tom has been doing that for a long time.
Tom has been doing that a long time.
Tom has no one to blame but himself.
Tom has nobody to blame but himself.
Tom doesn't have anyone to help him.
Tom has other responsibilities as well.
Tom also has other responsibilities.
Tom has other responsibilities, too.
Tom has recently lost a lot of hair.
Tom has lost a lot of hair recently.
Tom hasn't yet bought what he needs.
Tom hasn't bought what he needs yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me who did that.
Tom hasn't told me who did that yet.
Tom hoped to one day live in Boston.
Tom hoped to live in Boston one day.
Tom is a much better singer than me.
Tom is expected to participate, too.
Tom is also expected to participate.
Tom is a lot taller than his father.
Tom is sure to pass the exam.
Tom is sure to pass the examination.
Tom is the one that needs to do that.
Tom is the one who needs to do that.
Tom is the one that started all this.
Tom is the one who started all this.
Tom is the person who wants to do that.
Tom is the one who wants to do that.
Tom is the person who's doing that now.
Tom is the one who's doing that now.
Tom isn't likely to want to do that.
Tom is unsatisfied with the result.
Tom isn't as good at tennis as Mary is.
Tom isn't as good at tennis as Mary.
Tom isn't yet old enough to do that.
Tom isn't old enough yet to do that.
Tom knew the job would be hard.
Tom knew the job would be difficult.
Tom knows more about Boston than I do.
Tom knows more about Boston than me.
Tom knows that he needs to do that today.
Tom knows he needs to do that today.
Tom knows that he ought to do that today.
Tom knows he ought to do that today.
Tom left his son a large fortune.
Tom likes doing that in the morning.
Tom likes to do that in the morning.
Tom likes to keep things to himself.
Tom likes keeping things to himself.
Tom looks younger than he actually is.
Tom looks younger than he really is.
Tom may be immune to that disease.
Tom might be immune to that disease.
Tom may talk to whoever he wants.
Tom may talk to whoever he wants to.
Tom might know where Mary plans to go.
Tom may know where Mary plans to go.
Tom must be interested in doing that.
Tom has be interested in doing that.
Tom never should've been arrested.
Tom never should've been laid off.
Tom should never have been laid off.
Tom obviously hasn't done that yet.
Tom has obviously not done that yet.
Tom passed away October 20, 2013.
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.
Tom probably isn't going to do that.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't do that.
Tom promised me he wouldn't do that.
Tom promised me that he'd do that for us.
Tom promised me he'd do that for us.
Tom promised that he'd do that this week.
Tom promised he'd do that this week.
Tom said Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said Mary won't like to do that.
Tom said Mary won't like doing that.
Tom said Mary would do that, too.
Tom said Mary would do that as well.
Tom said he doesn't like doing that.
Tom said he doesn't like to do that.
Tom said he plans to do that on Monday.
Tom said he plans to do that Monday.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said he would never hurt anybody.
Tom said he would never hurt anyone.
Tom said he wouldn't try doing that.
Tom said he wouldn't try to do that.
Tom said he'll never quit doing that.
Tom said won't ever quit doing that.
Tom said he's not making much money.
Tom said he isn't making much money.
Tom said no one else could help him.
Tom said nobody else could help him.
Tom said no one else was on the bus.
Tom said nobody else was on the bus.
Tom said that he likes dancing with Mary.
Tom said he likes dancing with Mary.
Tom says Mary won't like to do that.
Tom says Mary won't like doing that.
Tom says doing that might not be safe.
Tom says doing that may not be safe.
Tom says he can prove that Mary did that.
Tom says he can prove Mary did that.
Tom says he doesn't like to do that.
Tom says he doesn't like doing that.
Tom says he's not afraid to do that.
Tom says he isn't afraid to do that.
Tom says it isn't worth the trouble.
Tom says it's not worth the trouble.
Tom says that he'll do that someday.
Tom seems to have already done that.
Tom seems to have done that already.
Tom shouldn't have ever gotten involved.
Tom should've never gotten involved.
Tom shouldn't have tried to do that.
Tom shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom stayed longer than he needed.
Tom stayed longer than he needed to.
Tom very frequently does that by himself.
Tom very frequently does that alone.
Tom is going to be doing that later.
Tom will be ready to do that.
Tom is going to be ready to do that.
Tom will be very discouraged.
Tom is going to be very discouraged.
Tom will need more than that.
Tom is going to need more than that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that.
Tom won't likely be able to do that.
Tom will unlikely do that by himself.
Tom won't likely do that by himself.
Tom won't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom won't have much time to do that.
Tom won't permit anyone to do that.
Tom won't permit anybody to do that.
Tom would've let you do that.
Tom would've allowed you to do that.
Tom's room has no windows.
Tom's room doesn't have any windows.
We did that a lot when we were children.
We did that a lot when we were kids.
Why do people like to live in cities?
Why do people like living in cities?
You can stay as long as you want to.
You're a better swimmer than Tom.
You're a better swimmer than Tom is.
You're not like anyone else I know.
You're not like anybody else I know.
Both Tom and I haven't done that yet.
Both Tom and I haven't yet done that.
Tom and I both haven't done that yet.
Tom and I both haven't yet done that.
Both Tom and Mary did that yesterday.
Tom and Mary both did that yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
Do you know anybody who speaks French?
Do your parents let you do that?
Do your parents allow you to do that?
Doing that won't likely be hard.
Doing that won't likely be difficult.
Everybody thinks Tom stayed in Boston.
Everyone thinks Tom stayed in Boston.
Everybody here but Tom has done that.
Everyone seemed to be afraid but me.
Everybody seemed to be afraid but me.
Have you told anybody else about this?
I didn't participate in the discussion.
I didn't take part in the discussion.
I didn't think anyone could do that.
I don't know anybody smarter than Tom.
I don't know anyone smarter than Tom.
I don't plan to drive my car today.
I don't plan on driving my car today.
I think Tom didn't intend to do that.
I don't think that Tom has ever done that.
I graduated the same year as Tom.
I graduated the same year as Tom did.
I know that Tom is smarter than me.
I know that Tom is smarter than I am.
I live on the same floor as Tom.
I live on the same floor as Tom does.
I think Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I used to do that when I was a kid.
I used to do that when I was a child.
I wasn't able to answer half the questions.
I couldn't answer half the questions.
I wonder if Tom is as old as Mary.
I wonder if Tom is as old as Mary is.
I'd never seen Tom that mad before.
I'd never seen Tom that angry before.
I'm three inches taller than you.
I'm three inches taller than you are.
If you do that tomorrow, so will I.
If you do that tomorrow, I will, too.
If you don't do that, I won't do that either.
If you don't do that, I won't either.
If you don't do that, neither will I.
If you have any problems, let me know.
Let me know if you have any problems.
It shouldn't be hard to do that.
It shouldn't be difficult to do that.
It would be hard to do that now.
It would be difficult to do that now.
It'll be hard for me to do that.
It'll be difficult for me to do that.
Nobody was able to solve the problem.
No one has complained about that yet.
Nobody has complained about that yet.
No one has objected to my doing that.
Nobody has objected to my doing that.
No one said doing that would be easy.
Nobody said doing that would be easy.
No one seems to know who's in charge.
Nobody seems to know who's in charge.
There aren't any roses in the garden.
Tom and I are both very conservative.
Both Tom and I are very conservative.
Both Tom and I are very proud of you.
Tom and I both drink too much coffee.
Both Tom and I drink too much coffee.
Tom and I both have Canadian spouses.
Both Tom and I have Canadian spouses.
Tom and I both want to say something.
Both Tom and I want to say something.
Tom and I both wanted to be plumbers.
Both Tom and I wanted to be plumbers.
Tom and I live in the same dorm.
Tom and I live in the same dormitory.
Tom and I were both arrested in 2013.
Both Tom and I were arrested in 2013.
Tom and Mary did what they had to do.
Tom and Mary were arrested Monday.
Tom and Mary were arrested on Monday.
Tom can do so much better than me.
Tom can do so much better than I can.
Tom can do that better than Mary.
Tom can do that better than Mary can.
Tom convinced Mary to try to do that.
Tom convinced Mary to try doing that.
Tom cooked us a delicious dinner.
Tom cooked a delicious dinner for us.
Tom could refuse to allow Mary to do that.
Tom could refuse to let Mary do that.
Tom couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom didn't have much time to do that.
Tom didn't really do that alone.
Tom didn't really do that by himself.
Tom didn't really want to see anybody.
Tom didn't really want to see anyone.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was unhappy.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wasn't happy.
Tom didn't want anybody to be unhappy.
Tom didn't want anyone to be unhappy.
Tom does that a lot better than I can.
Tom does that much better than I can.
Tom doesn't have anybody to help him.
Tom doesn't let his kids do that.
Tom doesn't let his children do that.
Tom doesn't think anybody can do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone can do that.
Tom forgot to bring his swimsuit.
Tom forgot to bring his bathing suit.
Tom has a car, but he rarely uses it.
Tom has a car, but he seldom uses it.
Tom has a hard decision to make.
Tom has a lot of things he has to buy.
Tom has lots of things he has to buy.
Tom has apparently already done that.
Tom has apparently done that already.
Tom has apparently not done that yet.
Tom has apparently not yet done that.
Tom has at least as many books as I have.
Tom has at least as many books as do.
Tom has at least as many books as me.
Tom has been gone nearly three years.
Tom has been gone almost three years.
Tom has many problems of his own.
Tom has a lot of problems of his own.
Tom has much more money than I have.
Tom has no time to do that.
Tom doesn't have any time to do that.
Tom hasn't yet finished his homework.
Tom hasn't yet asked Mary to do that.
Tom hasn't asked Mary to do that yet.
Tom is a better drummer than Mary.
Tom is a better drummer than Mary is.
Tom is a member of our group as well.
Tom is a very talented musician, too.
Tom is also a very talented musician.
Tom is buying some toys for his children.
Tom is buying his children some toys.
Tom is going to be doing that all afternoon.
Tom will be doing that all afternoon.
Tom is going to be surprised if you do that.
Tom will be surprised if you do that.
Tom is just over three years old now.
Tom is now just over three years old.
Tom is now trying to figure that out.
Tom is trying to figure that out now.
Tom is now writing a book about that.
Tom is writing a book about that now.
Tom is taller than Mary by three inches.
Tom is the guy that helped me do that.
Tom is the guy who helped me do that.
Tom is unaware of what he has to do.
Tom isn't aware of what he has to do.
Tom isn't going to buy Mary that.
Tom isn't going to buy that for Mary.
Tom isn't the one that did that wrong.
Tom isn't the one who did that wrong.
Tom lets Mary do what she wants to do.
Tom allows Mary to do what she wants.
Tom lets Mary do what she wants.
Tom likes fruit more than he likes vegetables.
Tom likes fruit more than vegetables.
Tom lost his sight in an accident.
Tom lost his eyesight in an accident.
Tom may be the last one to do that.
Tom might be the last one to do that.
Tom may be the next one to do that.
Tom might be the next one to do that.
Tom may not be able to do that yet.
Tom might not be able to do that yet.
Tom might get arrested if he does that.
Tom may get arrested if he does that.
Tom might know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom may know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom might know why Mary has to do that.
Tom may know why Mary has to do that.
Tom might not even know how to do that.
Tom may not even know how to do that.
Tom might not know where Mary was born.
Tom may not know where Mary was born.
Tom ought to try doing that more often.
Tom should try doing that more often.
Tom plays the piano better than me.
Tom pleaded guilty and is now in prison.
Tom pled guilty and is now in prison.
Tom promised that he'd do that right away.
Tom promised he'd do that right away.
Tom really didn't want to see anybody.
Tom really didn't want to see anyone.
Tom said Mary didn't like to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom said Mary was unable to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said everyone he knows can swim.
Tom said everybody he knows can swim.
Tom said he could've done that by himself.
Tom said he could've done that alone.
Tom said he could've done that on his own.
Tom said he heard someone screaming.
Tom said he heard somebody screaming.
Tom said he knew what Mary ought to do.
Tom said he knew what Mary should do.
Tom said he's not allowed to do that.
Tom said he isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said he's planning to do that.
Tom said he's planning on doing that.
Tom said last night he might retire.
Last night, Tom said he might retire.
Tom said last night that he might retire.
Tom said no one was in the classroom.
Tom said nobody was in the classroom.
Tom said that he likes swimming with Mary.
Tom said he likes swimming with Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't at all tired.
Tom said that he wasn't tired at all.
Tom says Mary couldn't do that.
Tom says Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom says Mary didn't like to do that.
Tom says Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom says doing that might be dangerous.
Tom says doing that may be dangerous.
Tom says everyone he knows can swim.
Tom says everybody he knows can swim.
Tom says he did nothing illegal.
Tom says that he did nothing illegal.
Tom says he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom says he doesn't have any desire to do that.
Tom says he has no desire to do that.
Tom says he thinks he ought to do that.
Tom says he thinks he should do that.
Tom says he thinks it's not possible.
Tom says he thinks it isn't possible.
Tom says he's planning to do that.
Tom says he's planning on doing that.
Tom says that he has to do that as well.
Tom says that he also has to do that.
Tom says that he has to do that, too.
Tom says that he plans to do that.
Tom says that he plans on doing that.
Tom hardly ever does that by himself.
Tom should never have tried doing that.
Tom should've never tried doing that.
Tom should never have tried to do that.
Tom should've never tried to do that.
Tom showed a picture of John to Mary.
Tom thinks Mary will never come back.
Tom thinks Mary won't ever come back.
Tom told Mary he was interested.
Tom told Mary that he was interested.
Tom usually doesn't get here on time.
Tom doesn't usually get here on time.
Tom was lucky he could do that.
Tom was lucky he was able to do that.
Tom is going to be a teacher someday.
Tom will be cut from the team.
Tom is going to be cut from the team.
Tom will be sorry he did that.
Tom is going to be sorry he did that.
Tom will buy the blue sweater.
Tom is going to buy the blue sweater.
Tom will give us what we need.
Tom is going to give us what we need.
Tom will give us what we want.
Tom is going to give us what we want.
Tom will stay here till next Monday.
Tom will stay here until next Monday.
Tom will unlikely do that this summer.
Tom won't likely do that this summer.
Tom won't let you do that again.
Tom won't allow you to do that again.
Tom would never let you do that.
Tom would never allow you to do that.
Tom would've let Mary do that.
Tom would've allowed Mary to do that.
Tom's house isn't very far from my house.
Tom's house isn't very far from mine.
Tom's legal troubles aren't over yet.
Tom's legal troubles aren't yet over.
Tom's poetry has won many prizes.
Tom's poetry has won a lot of prizes.
We aren't allowed to do that anymore.
You can't let Tom do that again.
You can't allow Tom to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary were asleep at that time.
Tom and Mary were both asleep at that time.
Do you know anybody who studies French?
Do you know anyone who studies French?
Do you know anybody who teaches French?
Do you know anyone who teaches French?
Don't let Tom do that by himself.
Don't allow Tom to do that by himself.
Everyone was shocked by what Tom did.
Everybody was shocked by what Tom did.
I couldn't do that when I was a kid.
I couldn't do that when I was a child.
I did everything I was supposed to.
I did that whenever I had a chance.
I did that whenever I had a chance to.
I didn't want to wake up the children.
I didn't want to wake the children up.
I do that whenever I have a chance.
I do that whenever I have a chance to.
I don't have as many cats as Tom.
I don't have as many cats as Tom does.
I had planned to do that yesterday.
I had planned on doing that yesterday.
I know someone who's never done that.
I know somebody who's never done that.
I know that Tom can't do that.
I know that Tom isn't able to do that.
I know you're not very happy about it.
I know you aren't very happy about it.
I live on the same street as Tom.
I live on the same street as Tom does.
I think Tom won't be embarrassed.
I don't think Tom will be embarrassed.
I think doing that won't be hard.
I think doing that won't be difficult.
I wasn't expecting anyone to be here.
I wasn't expecting anybody to be here.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom that book.
I wish I hadn't lent that book to Tom.
I won't permit my kids to do that.
I won't permit my children to do that.
I wonder if Tom is as lazy as Mary.
I wonder if Tom is as lazy as Mary is.
I wonder if it's OK to do that.
I wonder if it's all right to do that.
I wonder when Tom plans to do that.
I wonder when Tom plans on doing that.
I'm exactly the same height as Tom.
I'm exactly the same height as Tom is.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that.
If Tom does that, it would surprise me.
It would surprise me if Tom does that.
It would've been hard to do that.
It would've been difficult to do that.
It'll be hard for Tom to do that.
It'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's going to be very difficult to do that.
It's going to be very hard to do that.
It's not necessary to do that anymore.
It isn't necessary to do that anymore.
My parents would never let me do that.
No one I know really wants to do that.
Nobody I know really wants to do that.
Nobody else at the party spoke French.
No one else at the party spoke French.
Nobody in the room could speak French.
No one in the room could speak French.
That isn't the correct way to do that.
That's not the correct way to do that.
The kids will be happy to see you.
The children will be happy to see you.
There's no time to do that today.
There isn't any time to do that today.
There's someone who wants to meet you.
Tom also plans to go to the zoo today.
Tom plans to go to the zoo today, too.
Tom and I are both full-time students.
Both Tom and I are full-time students.
Tom and I are both still under thirty.
Both Tom and I are still under thirty.
Tom and I are both wearing sunglasses.
Both Tom and I are wearing sunglasses.
Tom and I both didn't want to do that.
Both Tom and I didn't want to do that.
Tom and I both should've known better.
Both Tom and I should've known better.
Tom and I both turned around to watch.
Both Tom and I turned around to watch.
Tom and I both work eight hours a day.
Both Tom and I work eight hours a day.
Tom and I can both do that quite well.
Both Tom and I can do that quite well.
Tom and I did what we were told.
Tom and I did what we were told to do.
Tom and I talked about lots of things.
Tom and I were both a little confused.
Both Tom and I were a little confused.
Both Tom and I were busy at that time.
Tom and Mary plan on doing that together.
Tom and Mary plan to do that together.
Tom can barely feed his family.
Tom is barely able to feed his family.
Tom can play the piano better than me.
Tom can't do that as well as Mary.
Tom can't do that as well as Mary can.
Tom can't do that very well, actually.
Actually, Tom can't do that very well.
Tom confirmed that no one was injured.
Tom confirmed that nobody was injured.
Tom did that on purpose, didn't he?
Tom did that intentionally, didn't he?
Tom did that whenever he had a chance to.
Tom did that whenever he had a chance.
Tom didn't believe that Mary would do that.
Tom didn't believe Mary would do that.
Tom didn't seem to be willing to do that.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so angry.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so mad.
Tom didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom didn't think anybody would do that.
Tom didn't think anyone would do that.
Tom didn't want anybody to get injured.
Tom didn't want anyone to get injured.
Tom doesn't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom doesn't have much time to do that.
Tom doesn't allow his kids to do that.
Tom drives much faster than Mary.
Tom drives much faster than Mary does.
Tom earns three times as much as Mary does.
Tom earns three times as much as Mary.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary.
Tom eats twice as much as Mary does.
Tom gave me the key, but I lost it.
Tom gave the key to me, but I lost it.
Tom gives too much money to his children.
Tom gives his children too much money.
Tom had no desire to do that.
Tom didn't have any desire to do that.
Tom has a lot of things he needs to do.
Tom has lots of things he needs to do.
Tom has a lot of things he wants to do.
Tom has lots of things he wants to do.
Tom has already been asked to do that.
Tom has been asked to do that already.
Tom has at least as many stamps as I do.
Tom has at least as many stamps as me.
Tom has at least as many stamps as I have.
Tom has coauthored several books as well.
Tom has also coauthored several books.
Tom has no plans for Monday.
Tom doesn't have any plans for Monday.
Tom has no plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have anyone to advise him.
Tom has started doing that more often.
Tom has started to do that more often.
Tom has way more experience than me.
Tom has way more experience than I do.
Tom hasn't ever played tennis with Mary.
Tom hasn't yet said anything publicly.
Tom hasn't said anything publicly yet.
Tom hasn't yet seen much of the world.
Tom hasn't seen much of the world yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me who helped him.
Tom hasn't told me who helped him yet.
Tom is a lot smarter than anybody else.
Tom is a lot smarter than anyone else.
Tom is able to do that better than I am.
Tom is able to do that better than me.
Tom is about three years older than Mary is.
Tom is better able to do that than I am.
Tom is better able to do that than me.
Tom is going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom is much older than he says he is.
Tom is a lot older than he says he is.
Tom is now preparing to go to college.
Tom is preparing to go to college now.
Tom is the one planning to do that.
Tom is the one planning on doing that.
The person who wants to do that is Tom.
Tom is trying to protect his kids.
Tom is trying to protect his children.
Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
Tom isn't aware of what Mary has done.
Tom is unaware of what Mary is doing.
Tom isn't aware of what Mary is doing.
Tom is way more experienced than me.
Tom isn't very good at doing that yet.
Tom isn't yet very good at doing that.
Tom likes doing that with his friends.
Tom likes to do that with his friends.
Tom may be interested in doing that.
Tom might be interested in doing that.
Tom may be the first one to do that.
Tom might be the first one to do that.
Tom may talk with whoever he wants.
Tom may talk with whoever he wants to.
Tom moved here from Boston in 2013.
Tom moved from Boston to here in 2013.
Tom must've still been alive then.
Tom had to have still been alive then.
Tom passed away on October 20th, 2013.
Tom said Mary didn't seem to be mad.
Tom said Mary didn't seem to be angry.
Tom said Mary doesn't like to do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't like doing that.
Tom said Mary is probably still mad.
Tom said Mary is probably still angry.
Tom said Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom said everyone he knows does that.
Tom said everybody he knows does that.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom said he planned to do that on Monday.
Tom said he planned to do that Monday.
Tom said he should've done that by himself.
Tom said he should've done that alone.
Tom said he thought Mary was unhappy.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said he thought he ought to do that.
Tom said he thought he should do that.
Tom said he was glad he did that.
Tom said he was glad that he did that.
Tom said he'd finish doing that by himself.
Tom said he'd finish doing that alone.
Tom said he's not planning on doing that.
Tom said he isn't planning to do that.
Tom said he's not planning to do that.
Tom said it isn't yet time to do that.
Tom said it isn't time to do that yet.
Tom said no one else tried doing that.
Tom said nobody else tried doing that.
Tom said no one else tried to do that.
Tom said nobody else tried to do that.
Tom said that he plays the flute, too.
Tom said that he also plays the flute.
Tom says Mary doesn't like to do that.
Tom says Mary doesn't like doing that.
Tom says everyone he knows does that.
Tom says everybody he knows does that.
Tom says he can't prove that Mary did that.
Tom says he can't prove Mary did that.
Tom says he didn't plan to do that.
Tom says he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom says he may not have to do that.
Tom says he might not have to do that.
Tom says he's not planning on doing that.
Tom says he isn't planning to do that.
Tom says he's not planning to do that.
Tom says it's not too late to do that.
Tom says it isn't too late to do that.
Tom says no one has been arrested yet.
Tom says nobody has been arrested yet.
Tom says there weren't any teachers there.
Tom says there were no teachers there.
Tom should've never gotten that job.
Tom should never have gotten that job.
Tom showed me a picture of his car.
Tom showed a picture of his car to me.
Tom tried hard to calm everyone down.
Tom tried hard to calm everybody down.
Tom will be anxious to do that.
Tom is going to be anxious to do that.
Tom will be here all afternoon.
Tom is going to be here all afternoon.
Tom will be very drunk by 2:30.
Tom is going to be very drunk by 2:30.
Tom will have to be here a lot.
Tom is going to have to be here a lot.
Tom will watch TV after dinner.
Tom is going to watch TV after dinner.
Tom won't likely try to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely try to do that alone.
Tom would like it if somebody did that.
Tom would like it if someone did that.
We're planning to do that tomorrow.
We're planning on doing that tomorrow.
We've done that several times already.
We've already done that several times.
You do that differently than Tom.
You do that differently than Tom does.
You're not allowed to do that anymore.
You aren't allowed to do that anymore.
"Has anyone done that?" "No, not yet."
"Has anybody done that?" "No, not yet."
All of Tom's children are able to speak French.
All of Tom's children can speak French.
Both Tom and Mary were in the audience.
Tom and Mary were both in the audience.
Do you think it's OK to do that?
Do you think it's all right to do that?
Does anybody in your class speak French?
Does anyone in your class speak French?
Doing that probably won't be hard.
Doing that probably won't be difficult.
Even if it rains, I plan to do that.
Even if it rains, I plan on doing that.
I don't make as much money as Tom.
I don't make as much money as Tom does.
I don't think Tom would still be mad.
I don't think Tom would still be angry.
I figured out how to do that on my own.
I figured out how to do that by myself.
I guess Tom has done that already.
I guess that Tom has done that already.
I knew doing that would make Tom mad.
I knew doing that would make Tom angry.
I know somebody who can do that for you.
I know someone who can do that for you.
I want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I want to follow in my dad's footsteps.
I wasn't really planning to do that.
I wasn't really planning on doing that.
I wish I hadn't let Tom do that.
I wish I hadn't allowed Tom to do that.
I wonder what Tom is planning on doing.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't let Mary do that.
I've decided never to do that again.
I've decided not to ever do that again.
If Tom doesn't do that, I won't do that either.
If Tom doesn't do that, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't do that, neither will I.
It may cause problems if you do that.
It might cause problems if you do that.
It would be hard to do that again.
It would be difficult to do that again.
It's going to be hard to beat Tom.
It's going to be difficult to beat Tom.
My girlfriend knitted me a sweater.
My girlfriend knitted a sweater for me.
No one I know really enjoys doing that.
Nobody I know really enjoys doing that.
Somebody will probably do that tomorrow.
Someone will probably do that tomorrow.
The building hasn't yet been evacuated.
The building hasn't been evacuated yet.
The one who did that yesterday was Tom.
Tom was the one who did that yesterday.
The person who's doing that now is Tom.
There isn't enough time to do that now.
There's not enough time to do that now.
Tom and I are both wearing black today.
Both Tom and I are wearing black today.
Tom and I are cleaning up the mess now.
Tom and I are now cleaning up the mess.
Tom and I both don't know how to drive.
Both Tom and I don't know how to drive.
Tom and I both like riding motorcycles.
Both Tom and I like riding motorcycles.
Tom and I both live and work in Boston.
Both Tom and I live and work in Boston.
Tom and I both ran for class president.
Both Tom and I ran for class president.
Tom and I plan to get married soon.
Tom and I plan on getting married soon.
Tom and I were both at home last night.
Both Tom and I were at home last night.
Tom and Mary both have never done that.
Both Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom answered none of our questions.
Tom didn't answer any of our questions.
Tom came after everyone else had left.
Tom came after everybody else had left.
Tom can do that far better than I can.
Tom can do that much better than I can.
Tom can do that, but Mary can't.
Tom is able to do that, but Mary isn't.
Tom isn't able to swim as well as Mary.
Tom couldn't get Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't able to get Mary to do that.
Tom did that without consulting anybody.
Tom did that without consulting anyone.
Tom didn't have much time to spare.
Tom didn't have a lot of time to spare.
Tom does that whenever he has a chance to.
Tom does that whenever he has a chance.
Tom doesn't have anybody to advise him.
Tom doesn't think anybody could do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone could do that.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary does.
Tom found it hard to be impartial.
Tom found it difficult to be impartial.
Tom had a very hard time adapting.
Tom had a very difficult time adapting.
Tom had no problems with Mary.
Tom didn't have any problems with Mary.
Tom has a lot of things he needs to buy.
Tom has lots of things he needs to buy.
Tom has a lot of things he wants to buy.
Tom has lots of things he wants to buy.
Tom has been doing that a lot lately.
Tom has been doing that a lot recently.
Tom has been here since he was a kid.
Tom has been here since he was a child.
Tom has been in Boston a few years.
Tom has been in Boston for a few years.
Tom has no idea who did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who did that.
Tom has no reason to do that.
Tom doesn't have any reason to do that.
Tom has tried to do that several times.
Tom has tried several times to do that.
Tom hasn't done that as far as I know.
As far as I know, Tom hasn't done that.
Tom hasn't yet asked a single question.
Tom hasn't asked a single question yet.
Tom hasn't yet asked even one question.
Tom hasn't asked even one question yet.
Tom hasn't yet had a chance to do that.
Tom hasn't had a chance to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me why he did that.
Tom hasn't told me why he did that yet.
Tom helps anyone that asks him for help.
Tom is a lot older than you think he is.
Tom is much older than you think he is.
Tom is a much better drummer than me.
Tom is a much better drummer than I am.
Tom is also a pretty good chess player.
Tom is a pretty good chess player, too.
Tom is going to be able to do that eventually.
Tom will be able to do that eventually.
Tom will eventually be able to do that.
Tom is going to be very relieved to hear that.
Tom will be very relieved to hear that.
Tom is going to eventually be able to do that.
Tom is going to get suspicious if you do that.
Tom will get suspicious if you do that.
Tom is lucky that he's still able to do that.
Tom is lucky that he can still do that.
Tom is now learning to ride a tricycle.
Tom is learning to ride a tricycle now.
Tom is still learning everyone's name.
Tom is still learning everybody's name.
Tom is the guy that helped Mary do that.
Tom is the guy who helped Mary do that.
Tom is too young to do that alone.
Tom is too young to do that by himself.
Tom is unaware of what he needs to do.
Tom isn't aware of what he needs to do.
Tom is unlikely to ever do that again.
Tom isn't likely to ever do that again.
Tom isn't the one that needs to do that.
Tom isn't the one who needs to do that.
Tom isn't yet strong enough to do that.
Tom isn't strong enough yet to do that.
Tom may be amused by what's going on.
Tom might be amused by what's going on.
Tom may be through doing that by now.
Tom might be through doing that by now.
Tom may be troubled by what happened.
Tom might be troubled by what happened.
Tom may be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom might be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom might know where Mary was last night.
Tom may know where Mary was last night.
Tom might know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom may know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom might know why Mary wants do to that.
Tom may know why Mary wants do to that.
Tom might never be able to do that again.
Tom may never be able to do that again.
Tom might've been the one who did that.
Tom may have been the one who did that.
Tom obviously doesn't like doing that.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom obviously doesn't want to do that.
Obviously, Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said Mary could've done that alone.
Tom said Mary could've done that on her own.
Tom said Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be mad.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be angry.
Tom said Mary's not allowed to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said everyone would have to leave.
Tom said everybody would have to leave.
Tom said he did nothing illegal.
Tom said he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom said he hasn't yet seen that video.
Tom said he hasn't seen that video yet.
Tom said he isn't permitted to do that.
Tom said he's not permitted to do that.
Tom said he plans on doing that on Monday.
Tom said he plans on doing that Monday.
Tom said he plans to stay in Boston.
Tom said he plans on staying in Boston.
Tom said he's already done all of that.
Tom said he's done all of that already.
Tom said no one else wanted to do that.
Tom said nobody else wanted to do that.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom says he isn't the one who did that.
Tom says that he needs to do that as well.
Tom says that he also needs to do that.
Tom says that he needs to do that, too.
Tom says that he wants to do that as well.
Tom says that he also wants to do that.
Tom says that he wants to do that, too.
Tom says you may not have to do that.
Tom says you might not have to do that.
Tom swore he'd never do that to anybody.
Tom swore he'd never do that to anyone.
Tom told Mary he would never do that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't ever do that.
Tom usually doesn't do that by himself.
Tom will be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is going to be here this afternoon.
Tom will be too busy to do that.
Tom is going to be too busy to do that.
Tom will do that this afternoon.
Tom is going to do that this afternoon.
Tom will likely get angry if you do that.
Tom will likely get mad if you do that.
Tom will need a bigger suitcase.
Tom is going to need a bigger suitcase.
Tom will unlikely need to do that today.
Tom won't likely need to do that today.
Tom won't let you do that anymore.
Tom won't allow you to do that anymore.
Tom's contract expires October 20th.
Tom's contract expires on October 20th.
We could do that if we had more money.
If we had more money, we could do that.
We're not permitted to do that anymore.
We aren't permitted to do that anymore.
Were you also late for class yesterday?
Were you late for class yesterday, too?
Why aren't we allowed to do that here?
Why are we not allowed to do that here?
You can't let Tom do that anymore.
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.
You didn't know anyone there, did you?
You didn't know anybody there, did you?
You do that a lot better than Tom.
You do that a lot better than Tom does.
You're three years younger than Tom is.
Both Tom and I are high school students.
Tom and I are both high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are still not married.
Tom and Mary are both still not married.
Has anyone objected to your doing that?
Has anybody objected to your doing that?
I can't do that any better than you.
I can't do that any better than you can.
I didn't let Tom do what he wanted to do.
I didn't allow Tom to do what he wanted.
I didn't let Tom do what he wanted.
I don't have time right now to help you.
I don't much feel like doing that today.
I don't feel much like doing that today.
I don't think Tom would like doing that.
I don't think Tom would like to do that.
I expect that everybody will do that tomorrow.
I expect everyone will do that tomorrow.
I expect that everyone will do that tomorrow.
I have no idea how we'll do that.
I don't have any idea how we'll do that.
I haven't done that since I was a kid.
I haven't done that since I was a child.
I know nothing about this matter.
I don't know anything about this matter.
I know you'd never let Tom do that.
I know you'd never allow Tom to do that.
I may not be able to do that tomorrow.
I might not be able to do that tomorrow.
I never would've let Tom do that.
I thought Tom wasn't angry at you anymore.
I thought Tom wasn't mad at you anymore.
I want to be treated like everybody else.
I want to be treated like everyone else.
I wonder if Tom is as stingy as Mary.
I wonder if Tom is as stingy as Mary is.
I wonder if Tom is smarter than Mary.
I wonder if Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I'm convinced that'll eventually happen.
I'm convinced that'll happen eventually.
I'm sure Tom will let Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom will allow Mary to do that.
I'm sure that that'll eventually happen.
If Tom did that, it wouldn't surprise me.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom did that.
Is it true that Tom plans to do that?
Is it true that Tom plans on doing that?
It looks like Tom has already done that.
It looks like Tom has done that already.
Mary is just as beautiful as her mother is.
My parents let me do anything I want to do.
My parents let me do anything I want.
Next week, we'll buy a new car.
Next week, we're going to buy a new car.
No one said it would be easy to do that.
Nobody said it would be easy to do that.
Please find out what Tom plans to do.
Please find out what Tom plans on doing.
That was harder than I expected.
That was more difficult than I expected.
There's no doubt that Tom did that.
There isn't any doubt that Tom did that.
There's no need for Tom to do that.
There isn't any need for Tom to do that.
Tom also needs to buy a ticket for Mary.
Tom needs to buy a ticket for Mary, too.
Tom and I are both able to speak French.
Both Tom and I are able to speak French.
Tom and I both enjoy playing volleyball.
Both Tom and I enjoy playing volleyball.
Tom and I both have quite a few friends.
Both Tom and I have quite a few friends.
Tom and I both prefer watching comedies.
Both Tom and I prefer watching comedies.
Tom and I didn't have a lot of time to talk.
Tom and I didn't have much time to talk.
Tom and I met in Boston three years ago.
Tom and I met three years ago in Boston.
Tom and I were both in Boston last week.
Both Tom and I were in Boston last week.
Tom and I were both wearing black coats.
Both Tom and I were wearing black coats.
Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
Tom can do so much better then Mary.
Tom can do so much better then Mary can.
Tom can do that a lot better than I can.
Tom did that because everyone else did.
Tom did that because everybody else did.
Tom did that while I was still asleep.
Tom did that while I was still sleeping.
Tom didn't believe anybody would do that.
Tom didn't believe anyone would do that.
Tom does things I can't do.
Tom does things that I'm not able to do.
Tom doesn't know anybody who can do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone who can do that.
Tom doesn't like to listen to the radio.
Tom doesn't like listening to the radio.
Tom doesn't speak unless spoken to.
Tom doesn't speak unless he's spoken to.
Tom drinks twice as much as I Mary.
Tom drinks twice as much as I Mary does.
Tom drives much faster than Mary drives.
Tom gave the key to me and I still have it.
Tom gave me the key and I still have it.
Tom has already asked me not to do that.
Tom has asked me not to do that already.
Tom has already done that many times.
Tom has already done that lots of times.
Tom has been in Boston about a week.
Tom has been in Boston for about a week.
Tom has known Mary since he was a kid.
Tom has known Mary since he was a child.
Tom has never had a problem with anybody.
Tom has never had a problem with anyone.
Tom has no idea where Mary is.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is.
Tom has no trouble doing that.
Tom doesn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom has to be difficult to get along with.
Tom must be difficult to get along with.
Tom hasn't yet responded to our request.
Tom hasn't responded to our request yet.
Tom hasn't yet said what he plans to do.
Tom hasn't said what he plans to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he might do.
Tom hasn't told us what he might do yet.
Tom helps anybody that asks him for help.
Tom helps anybody who asks him for help.
Tom hired Mary to take care of his children.
Tom hired Mary to take care of his kids.
Tom is about years younger than Mary.
Tom is about years younger than Mary is.
Tom is going to be surprised if Mary does that.
Tom will be surprised if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very tired after doing that.
Tom will be very tired after doing that.
Tom is in better physical shape than I am.
Tom is in better physical shape than me.
Tom is lucky they still allow him to do that.
Tom is lucky they still let him do that.
Tom is much younger than he says he is.
Tom is a lot younger than he says he is.
Tom is the person who needs to do that.
Tom is the person that needs to do that.
Tom is the person that wants to do that.
Tom isn't old enough to live alone.
Tom isn't old enough to live by himself.
Tom isn't old enough to live on his own.
Tom knows that I'm not afraid of anyone.
Tom knows how to do that better than I do.
Tom knows how to do that better than me.
Tom knows that I'm not afraid of anybody.
Tom looks much older than he really is.
Tom may be present at today's meeting.
Tom might be present at today's meeting.
Tom may not come to the party tonight.
Tom might not come to the party tonight.
Tom might not know where Mary plans to go.
Tom may not know where Mary plans to go.
Tom needs to buy a ticket for Mary as well.
Tom probably doesn't yet know the rules.
Tom probably doesn't know the rules yet.
Tom put everything back in the garage.
Tom put everything back into the garage.
Tom said Mary should never have done that.
Tom said Mary should've never done that.
Tom said Mary should've done that by herself.
Tom said Mary should've done that alone.
Tom said everyone he knows can do that.
Tom said everybody he knows can do that.
Tom said he didn't like to do that.
Tom said he didn't like doing that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to be there.
Tom said he doesn't plan on being there.
Tom said he hasn't yet done any of that.
Tom said he hasn't done any of that yet.
Tom said he hopes Mary likes doing that.
Tom said he hopes Mary likes to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary tries to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary tries doing that.
Tom said he was glad Mary did that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary did that.
Tom said he was going to allow us to do that.
Tom said he was going to let us do that.
Tom said he wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he's not in any hurry to leave.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry to leave.
Tom said he's not making a lot of money.
Tom said he isn't making a lot of money.
Tom said he's not sure Mary can do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary can do that.
Tom said that he didn't have a lot of money.
Tom said that he didn't have much money.
Tom said that he likes hanging out with Mary.
Tom said he likes hanging out with Mary.
Tom said that's not his biggest concern.
Tom said that isn't his biggest concern.
Tom said that's not his biggest problem.
Tom said that isn't his biggest problem.
Tom says Mary may not have to do that.
Tom says Mary might not have to do that.
Tom says everyone he knows can do that.
Tom says everybody he knows can do that.
Tom says he doesn't plan to be there.
Tom says he doesn't plan on being there.
Tom says he hopes Mary likes doing that.
Tom says he hopes Mary likes to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary tries to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary tries doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think it's possible.
Tom says he was unaware of that policy.
Tom says he wasn't aware of that policy.
Tom should never have been let out prison.
Tom never should've been let out prison.
Tom surprised everybody when he did that.
Tom surprised everyone when he did that.
Tom used to do that when he was a kid.
Tom used to do that when he was a child.
Tom wants to know what we play to do.
Tom wants to know what we plan on doing.
Tom will be too tired to do that.
Tom is going to be too tired to do that.
Tom will be unable to do that in an hour.
Tom won't be able to do that in an hour.
Tom will probably let Mary do that.
Tom will probably allow Mary to do that.
Tom will try doing that again next year.
Tom will try to do that again next year.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that alone.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that alone.
Tom won't be able to do that alone.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself.
Tom won't do that if it isn't necessary.
Tom won't do that if it's not necessary.
Tom won't ever be able to do that again.
Tom will never be able to do that again.
We just stayed in Boston for three days.
We stayed in Boston for just three days.
We may live in Boston for a few years.
We might live in Boston for a few years.
You look as if you haven't eaten in days.
You look like you haven't eaten in days.
You're not permitted to do that anymore.
You aren't permitted to do that anymore.
As far as I know, Tom has never done that.
Tom has never done that as far as I know.
Both Tom and I are still studying French.
Tom and I are both still studying French.
Both Tom and I'll be busy this afternoon.
Tom and I'll both be busy this afternoon.
Doing that will likely be very hard.
Doing that will likely be very difficult.
Everybody here except me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here but me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here except me has lived in Boston.
Everyone in the room did the same thing.
Everybody in the room did the same thing.
How many times do you plan to do that?
How many times do you plan on doing that?
I didn't think that what Tom said was true.
I thought that what Tom said wasn't true.
I don't have as many friends as Tom.
I don't have as many friends as Tom does.
I don't speak French as well as Tom.
I don't speak French as well as Tom does.
I don't think Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I don't think Tom would let Mary do that.
I don't think it would be ethical to do that.
I think it would be unethical to do that.
I expect everybody will do that tomorrow.
I had no opportunity to do that.
I didn't have any opportunity to do that.
I haven't yet finished reading this book.
I haven't finished reading this book yet.
I live in the same dormitory as Tom does.
I may teach French in Boston next year.
I might teach French in Boston next year.
I plan to stay at home all day Monday.
I plan on staying at home all day Monday.
I think Tom already knows how to do that.
I think Tom knows how to do that already.
I think Tom can do that better than Mary can.
I think Tom can do that better than Mary.
I think Tom could be tempted to do that.
Tom could be tempted to do that, I think.
I think Tom would be angry if you did that.
I think Tom would be mad if you did that.
I think it might be hard to do that.
I think it might be difficult to do that.
I think it won't be hard to do that.
I think it won't be difficult to do that.
I understand that Tom doesn't like doing that.
I understand that Tom doesn't like to do that.
I'll call you as soon as I arrive in Boston.
I've been doing that since I was a kid.
I've been doing that since I was a child.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom has.
Is there anybody else you need to talk to?
Is there anyone else you need to talk to?
Is there anybody else you want to talk to?
Is there anyone else you want to talk to?
It may cause problems if Tom does that.
It might cause problems if Tom does that.
It shouldn't be too hard to do that.
Please do that tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Please do that tomorrow or the day after.
Someone seems to have done that already.
Somebody seems to have done that already.
The only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
The only one here who can do that is Tom.
The person who did that yesterday was Tom.
Tom is the person who did that yesterday.
Tom and I are going to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I'll be going to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I are going to be here for a few more days.
Tom and I'll be here for a few more days.
Tom and I both ordered the lunch special.
Both Tom and I ordered the lunch special.
Tom and I both stood up at the same time.
Both Tom and I stood up at the same time.
Tom and I can both play chess quite well.
Both Tom and I can play chess quite well.
Tom and Mary both died in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary died in their thirties.
Tom can cook better than his wife.
Tom is able to cook better than his wife.
Tom doesn't do that as fast as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as fast as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom doesn't yet have to worry about that.
Tom doesn't have to worry about that yet.
Tom had a very hard time doing that.
Tom had a very difficult time doing that.
Tom has already done that a lot of times.
Tom has been doing that about a week.
Tom has been doing that for about a week.
Tom has been gone for nearly three years.
Tom has been gone for almost three years.
Tom has thanked everyone for their help.
Tom has thanked everybody for their help.
Tom has twice as many books as Mary.
Tom has twice as many books as Mary does.
Tom hasn't admitted yet that he did that.
Tom hasn't admitted that he did that yet.
Tom hasn't yet admitted that he did that.
Tom hasn't yet been charged with a crime.
Tom hasn't been charged with a crime yet.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he has to do.
Tom hasn't told us what he has to do yet.
Tom is a much better bass player than I am.
Tom is a much better bass player than me.
Tom is a much better driver than you.
Tom is a much better driver than you are.
Tom is a much faster driver than Mary.
Tom is a much faster driver than Mary is.
Tom is already pretty good at doing that.
Tom is pretty good at doing that already.
Tom is aware it's not always easy to win.
Tom is aware it isn't always easy to win.
Tom is likely to be smarter than Mary.
Tom is likely to be smarter than Mary is.
Tom is planning to go again next year.
Tom is planning on going again next year.
Tom is the person who drew this picture.
Tom is the person that drew this picture.
Tom isn't going to let Mary do that.
Tom isn't going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom isn't someone you can easily replace.
Tom isn't someone you can replace easily.
Tom knows nothing about the plan.
Tom doesn't know anything about the plan.
Tom lets Mary do anything she wants to do.
Tom allows Mary to do anything she wants.
Tom lets Mary do anything she wants.
Tom allows Mary to do whatever she wants.
Tom lets Mary do whatever she wants.
Tom likes the same kind of music as Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of music as Mary.
Tom makes us breakfast every morning.
Tom makes breakfast for us every morning.
Tom may be difficult to get along with.
Tom might be difficult to get along with.
Tom may have been in Boston last weekend.
Tom might've been in Boston last weekend.
Tom might've told Mary about what we did.
Tom may have told Mary about what we did.
Tom obviously needs someone to help him.
Tom obviously needs somebody to help him.
Tom said Mary isn't permitted to do that.
Tom said Mary's not permitted to do that.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said doing that may be a good idea.
Tom said doing that might be a good idea.
Tom said doing that may cause problems.
Tom said doing that might cause problems.
Tom said he isn't planning on doing that.
Tom said he planned on doing that on Monday.
Tom said he planned on doing that Monday.
Tom said he was unaware of any problems.
Tom said he wasn't aware of any problems.
Tom said he'd like to borrow a few books.
Tom said he wanted to borrow a few books.
Tom said he'd try doing that again later.
Tom said he'd try to do that again later.
Tom said no one had asked him to do that.
Tom said nobody had asked him to do that.
Tom said that he plays the flute as well.
Tom said that life can be very hard.
Tom said that life can be very difficult.
Tom says that he can prove Mary did that.
Tom says he doesn't even like doing that.
Tom says he doesn't even like to do that.
Tom says he isn't planning on doing that.
Tom says that he can prove that Mary did that.
Tom sent me this postcard from Boston.
Tom sent this postcard to me from Boston.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that.
Tom stayed in his room as he was told.
Tom stayed in his room as he was told to.
Tom stayed longer than he had planned.
Tom stayed longer than he had planned to.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom thinks Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom told Mary he would never leave her.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't ever leave her.
Tom usually doesn't get what he asks for.
Tom doesn't usually get what he asks for.
Tom usually sleeps longer than Mary.
Tom usually sleeps longer than Mary does.
Tom will be ready to do that soon.
Tom is going to be ready to do that soon.
Tom will be too scared to do that.
Tom is going to be too scared to do that.
Tom will be very glad he did that.
Tom is going to be very glad he did that.
Tom will give Mary another chance.
Tom is going to give Mary another chance.
Tom will need more time than that.
Tom is going to need more time than that.
Tom will never get the chance to do that.
Tom won't ever get the chance to do that.
Tom will try to help Mary do that.
Tom is going to try to help Mary do that.
Tom wondered why nobody did that anymore.
Tom wondered why no one did that anymore.
Tom wouldn't have let you do that.
Tom wouldn't have allowed you to do that.
We shouldn't have let you do that.
We shouldn't have allowed you to do that.
Whether it's raining or not, I'll do that.
I'll do that whether it's raining or not.
Would you mind doing that somewhere else?
Would you mind doing that someplace else?
You didn't do that as well as I expected you to.
You didn't do that as well as I expected.
Both Tom and I are professional musicians.
Tom and I are both professional musicians.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty good singers.
Tom and Mary are both pretty good singers.
Both Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that.
Tom and Mary are both unlikely to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have pleaded not guilty.
Tom and Mary have both pleaded not guilty.
Doing that is likely to be very hard.
Doing that is likely to be very difficult.
Doing that won't likely be very hard.
Doing that won't likely be very difficult.
Everybody here except Tom has lived in Boston.
Everyone here but Tom has lived in Boston.
Everybody here but me has lived in Boston.
Everyone here except Tom has lived in Boston.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to do.
I don't know when Tom plans to do that.
I don't know when Tom plans on doing that.
I don't much feel like doing that anymore.
I don't feel much like doing that anymore.
I don't think I know anybody who does that.
I don't think I know anyone who does that.
I don't want to do that if it's illegal.
I don't want to do that if it isn't legal.
I don't want to do that if it's not legal.
I have to find someone to do that for me.
I have to find somebody to do that for me.
I have to pick up my kids at their school.
I have to pick my kids up at their school.
I know I have no chance of winning.
I know I don't have any chance of winning.
I know Tom wouldn't let Mary do that.
I know Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do that.
I never would've permitted Tom to do that.
I think Tom didn't expect that to happen.
I don't think Tom expected that to happen.
I think it might not be possible to do that.
I think it might be impossible to do that.
I thought that I told you to do that yesterday.
I thought I told you to do that yesterday.
I want to know whether you're going to do that.
I want to know if you're going to do that.
I wish I could do that as well as you.
I wish I could do that as well as you can.
I wish I hadn't lent Tom so much money.
I wish I hadn't lent so much money to Tom.
I wonder if Tom would let me do that.
I wonder if Tom would allow me to do that.
I've been here a lot longer than you.
I've been here a lot longer than you have.
I've liked doing that since I was a kid.
I've liked doing that since I was a child.
It isn't going to be very difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be very hard to do that.
It probably won't be hard to do that.
It probably won't be difficult to do that.
My kids graduated from public schools.
My children graduated from public schools.
Recently, both Tom and Mary have been busy.
Tom and Mary have both been busy recently.
Tom and I are flying to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I'll be flying to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and I are now discussing that problem.
Tom and I are discussing that problem now.
Tom and I are planning to get married.
Tom and I are planning on getting married.
Tom and I both want to know what happened.
Both Tom and I want to know what happened.
Tom and I did what we were supposed to.
Tom and I did what we were supposed to do.
Both Tom and I were pretty busy yesterday.
Tom couldn't send his son to school.
Tom wasn't able to send his son to school.
Tom didn't tell me he'd already done that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd done that already.
Tom does that a lot better than Mary.
Tom does that a lot better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't allow his children to do that.
Tom doesn't do that as often as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as often as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have a lot of teaching experience.
Tom encouraged everyone to do their best.
Tom encouraged everybody to do their best.
Tom had little to say on the matter.
Tom didn't have much to say on the matter.
Tom has a car, but he hardly ever uses it.
Tom has a hard decision ahead of him.
Tom has a difficult decision ahead of him.
Tom has a lot of things he has to do today.
Tom has lots of things he has to do today.
Tom has already been asked not to do that.
Tom has been asked not to do that already.
Tom has already persuaded Mary to do that.
Tom has persuaded Mary to do that already.
Tom has decided that he'll try doing that.
Tom has decided that he'll try to do that.
Tom has done nothing like this before.
Tom hasn't done anything like this before.
Tom has given everyone three apples each.
Tom has given everybody three apples each.
Tom has nothing to do with that.
Tom doesn't have anything to do with that.
Tom has probably already done that by now.
Tom has probably done that already by now.
Tom has told me he's not ready to do that.
Tom has told me he isn't ready to do that.
Tom hasn't been convicted of anything yet.
Tom hasn't yet been convicted of anything.
Tom hasn't bought everything he needs yet.
Tom hasn't yet bought everything he needs.
Tom hasn't done that yet as far as I know.
Tom hasn't yet done that as far as I know.
Tom hasn't yet spent much time doing that.
Tom hasn't spent much time doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he might do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he might do yet.
Tom is a better chess player than Mary.
Tom is a better chess player than Mary is.
Tom is a pretty good chess player as well.
Tom is celebrating his 30th birthday.
Tom is going to be very surprised if you do that.
Tom will be very surprised if you do that.
Tom is obviously not doing that very well.
Obviously, Tom isn't doing that very well.
Tom is obviously very excited about this.
Obviously, Tom is very excited about this.
Tom isn't planning on retiring anytime soon.
Tom isn't planning to retire anytime soon.
Tom knew he sometimes drank too much.
Tom knew that he sometimes drank too much.
Tom knows better than to allow Mary to do that.
Tom knows better than to let Mary do that.
Tom knows how to do that better than Mary does.
Tom knows how to do that better than Mary.
Tom likes the same kind of food I do.
Tom likes the same kind of food that I do.
Tom likes the same kind of movies as Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of movies as Mary.
Tom loved his kids more than anything.
Tom loved his children more than anything.
Tom might not be as rich as you think he is.
Tom may not be as rich as you think he is.
Tom might not be willing to do that for you.
Tom may not be willing to do that for you.
Tom might not know where Mary was last week.
Tom may not know where Mary was last week.
Tom might still be going to graduate school.
Tom may still be going to graduate school.
Tom obviously didn't know how to do that.
Obviously, Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom paid no attention to my advice.
Tom didn't pay any attention to my advice.
Tom plans to do that as soon as he can.
Tom plans on doing that as soon as he can.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said everybody he knows has a passport.
Tom said everyone he knows has a passport.
Tom said everyone he knows has done that.
Tom said everybody he knows has done that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to step down.
Tom said he doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom said he hasn't yet decided what to do.
Tom said he hasn't decided what to do yet.
Tom said he hopes Mary can do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary is able to do that.
Tom said he immediately called the police.
Tom said he called the police immediately.
Tom said he was going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he was going to let Mary do that.
Tom said he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom said he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom said he wouldn't try doing that again.
Tom said he wouldn't try to do that again.
Tom said he's not in any hurry to do that.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry to do that.
Tom said that would probably never happen.
Tom said that probably would never happen.
Tom said you're a better singer than Mary is.
Tom said you're a better singer than Mary.
Tom says everyone he knows has done that.
Tom says everybody he knows has done that.
Tom says that he didn't do anything wrong.
Tom says he doesn't plan to step down.
Tom says he doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary is able to do that.
Tom says he's had three glasses of wine.
Tom says he's drunk three glasses of wine.
Tom shouldn't have let you do that.
Tom shouldn't have allowed you to do that.
Tom supposedly is very good at doing that.
Tom is supposedly very good at doing that.
Tom usually doesn't buy expensive clothes.
Tom doesn't usually buy expensive clothes.
Tom usually doesn't drink beer at parties.
Tom doesn't usually drink beer at parties.
Tom will be furious if you do that.
Tom is going to be furious if you do that.
Tom will be very happy he did that.
Tom is going to be very happy he did that.
Tom will be very important someday.
Tom is going to be very important someday.
Tom will be very impressed by that.
Tom is going to be very impressed by that.
Tom will be very sorry he did that.
Tom is going to be very sorry he did that.
Tom will explain why that happened.
Tom is going to explain why that happened.
Tom will get dirty if he does that.
Tom is going to get dirty if he does that.
Tom will give us what we asked for.
Tom is going to give us what we asked for.
Tom will have a hard time doing that.
Tom will have a difficult time doing that.
Tom will have to buy a new bicycle.
Tom is going to have to buy a new bicycle.
Tom will need more money than that.
Tom is going to need more money than that.
Tom will probably be scared of Mary's dog.
Tom will probably be afraid of Mary's dog.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't busy.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not busy.
Tom will stop Mary from doing that.
Tom is going to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that today.
Tom won't likely be able to do that today.
Tom will unlikely want to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't likely want to do that tomorrow.
Tom's school has over 3,000 students.
Tom's school has more than 3,000 students.
Were you late for class yesterday as well?
"Do you do that often?" "No, not so often."
"Do you often do that?" "No, not so often."
Almost everyone I know has been to Boston.
Almost everybody I know has been to Boston.
Both Tom and I only work three days a week.
Tom and I both only work three days a week.
Both Tom and I work only three days a week.
Tom and I both work only three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary are waiting in the lobby.
Tom and Mary are both waiting in the lobby.
Do you think Tom would let us do that?
Do you think Tom would allow us to do that?
Do your parents still let you do that?
Do your parents still allow you to do that?
Doing that won't be as hard you think.
Doing that won't be as difficult you think.
Everybody here but Tom has lived in Boston.
How many times does Tom plan to do that?
How many times does Tom plan on doing that?
I don't have as much free time as Tom.
I don't have as much free time as Tom does.
I don't know what Tom is planning on doing.
I don't play the banjo as well as Tom.
I don't play the banjo as well as Tom does.
I don't speak French as fluently as you.
I don't speak French as fluently as you do.
I have to find someone to help me do that.
I have to find somebody to help me do that.
I plan to do the same thing as Tom does.
I plan on doing the same thing as Tom does.
I think Tom was the last one to do that.
I think Tom was the last person to do that.
I think doing that wouldn't be much fun.
I don't think doing that would be much fun.
I think it might be unethical to do that.
I think it might not be ethical to do that.
I think it would be illegal to do that.
I don't think it would be legal to do that.
I think it's probably hard to do that.
I think it's probably difficult to do that.
I used to do that a lot when I was a kid.
I used to do that a lot when I was a child.
I want to know if you've done that already.
I want to know if you've already done that.
I'm looking for someone who speaks French.
I'm looking for somebody who speaks French.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd do that.
Tom would do that if he had a lot of money.
If Tom is going to do that, I won't do that.
I won't do that if Tom is going to do that.
That was the first time I tried doing that.
That was the first time I tried to do that.
That's a problem we haven't yet dealt with.
That's a problem we haven't dealt with yet.
Tom allows Mary to do what she wants to do.
Both Tom and I are a little busy right now.
Tom and I are both drinking the same thing.
Both Tom and I are drinking the same thing.
Tom and I'll be getting married in October.
Tom and I are planning to get divorced.
Tom and I are planning on getting divorced.
Tom and I both almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and I almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and I used to live on Park Street.
Tom bought drinks for everyone in the bar.
Tom bought drinks for everybody in the bar.
Tom can do that a lot better than Mary.
Tom can do that a lot better than Mary can.
Tom didn't know what Mary was so angry about.
Tom didn't know what Mary was so mad about.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that for him.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that for him.
Tom doesn't think he's going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we're going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think we'll be able to do that.
Tom found it hard to remain impartial.
Tom found it difficult to remain impartial.
Tom had a really hard time doing that.
Tom had a really difficult time doing that.
Tom has a car, but he almost never uses it.
Tom has a lot of money, but he's not happy.
Tom has been my barber since I was a kid.
Tom has been my barber since I was a child.
Tom has no experience doing that.
Tom doesn't have any experience doing that.
Tom has no reason not to do that.
Tom doesn't have any reason not to do that.
Tom hasn't yet finished writing the report.
Tom hasn't finished writing the report yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he has to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he has to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he needs to do.
Tom hasn't told us what he needs to do yet.
Tom hasn't told us what he wants to do yet.
Tom is going to be surprised if you don't do that.
Tom will be surprised if you don't do that.
Tom is going to be very suspicious if you do that.
Tom will be very suspicious if you do that.
Tom is going to have to figure out how to do that.
Tom will have to figure out how to do that.
Tom is one of the world's richest men.
Tom is only trying to protect his kids.
Tom is only trying to protect his children.
Tom isn't as fast at doing that as Mary.
Tom isn't as fast at doing that as Mary is.
Tom isn't as good at doing that as Mary.
Tom isn't as good at doing that as Mary is.
Tom lent me all the money he had on him.
Tom lent all the money he had on him to me.
Tom let me know that he planned on doing that.
Tom let me know that he planned to do that.
Tom likes the same kind of music I do.
Tom likes the same kind of music that I do.
Tom may be gone by the time we get there.
Tom might be gone by the time we get there.
Tom may be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom might be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom might not be as happy as you think he is.
Tom may not be as happy as you think he is.
Tom might not be as smart as you think he is.
Tom may not be as smart as you think he is.
Tom might not know where Mary went to school.
Tom may not know where Mary went to school.
Tom obviously doesn't like Mary very much.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Tom paid no attention to my warning.
Tom didn't pay any attention to my warning.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be mad.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be angry.
Tom said Mary will unlikely have to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely have to do that.
Tom said Mary will unlikely need to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely need to do that.
Tom said Mary will unlikely want to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely want to do that.
Tom said he shouldn't have done that by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have done that alone.
Tom said he wanted to try to do that again.
Tom said he wanted to try doing that again.
Tom said he wished he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished he'd given flowers Mary.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that by himself.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that alone.
Tom said he's not sure Mary has to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary has to do that.
Tom said he's not sure Mary should do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom said that he was glad he did that.
Tom said that he was glad that he did that.
Tom says that he can't prove Mary did that.
Tom says that he can't prove that Mary did that.
Tom sent Mary a message three hours ago.
Tom sent a message to Mary three hours ago.
Tom shook his head and said nothing.
Tom shook his head and didn't say anything.
Tom stared at Mary and said nothing.
Tom stared at Mary and didn't say anything.
Tom thinks some of his friends might do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may do that.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan to do that.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan on doing that.
Tom usually doesn't do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't usually do that in the morning.
Tom will be sorry he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be sorry he didn't do that.
Tom will be very anxious to do that.
Tom is going to be very anxious to do that.
Tom will be very glad Mary did that.
Tom is going to be very glad Mary did that.
Tom will continue trying to do that.
Tom is going to continue trying to do that.
Tom will give us everything we need.
Tom is going to give us everything we need.
Tom will give us everything we want.
Tom is going to give us everything we want.
Tom will likely become annoyed if you do that.
Tom will likely get annoyed if you do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't tired.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not tired.
Tom will unlikely have to do that on Monday.
Tom won't likely have to do that on Monday.
Tom will unlikely have to do that this week.
Tom won't likely have to do that this week.
Tom will unlikely want to do that with Mary.
Tom won't likely want to do that with Mary.
Tom won't let you continue doing that.
Tom won't allow you to continue doing that.
Tom's house is across the street from my house.
Tom's house is across the street from mine.
You look as if you've lost your best friend.
You look like you've lost your best friend.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty good at French.
Tom and Mary are both pretty good at French.
Do you know whether Tom plans to do that?
Do you know whether Tom plans on doing that?
I don't play the mandolin as well as you.
I don't play the mandolin as well as you do.
I don't think Tom will do that again.
I don't think Tom is going to do that again.
I don't think there's anything I can do about that.
I think there's nothing I can do about that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be angry.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be mad.
I felt there was no need to do that.
I didn't feel there was any need to do that.
I haven't yet done that since I was a kid.
I haven't yet done that since I was a child.
I like the same kind of music that Tom likes.
I like the same kind of music that Tom does.
I live in the same neighborhood as Tom.
I live in the same neighborhood as Tom does.
I live in the same part of town as Tom.
I live in the same part of town as Tom does.
I think Tom does that better than Mary.
I think Tom does that better than Mary does.
I'm not going to let Tom do that again.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that again.
I'm not the only one here who's not married.
I'm not the only one here who isn't married.
If Tom doesn't do that, it would surprise me.
It would surprise me if Tom doesn't do that.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
I wouldn't have to do that if Tom were here.
It sounds like Tom is planning to do that.
Tom and I are planning to get a divorce.
Tom and I are planning on getting a divorce.
Tom and I both don't speak French very well.
Both Tom and I don't speak French very well.
Tom and I both enjoy watching horror movies.
Both Tom and I enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom and I both feel the same way about that.
Both Tom and I feel the same way about that.
Tom and I were unable to help Mary do that.
Tom and I weren't able to help Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that together.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that together.
Tom began to do that when he was very young.
Tom began doing that when he was very young.
Tom did a lot more than what we asked him to.
Tom did much more than what we asked him to.
Tom did that only because everybody else did.
Tom did that only because everyone else did.
Tom didn't think Mary would allow him to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom doesn't think that anybody could do that.
Tom doesn't think that anyone could do that.
Tom doesn't think you're going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think you'll be able to do that.
Tom had nothing to say, so he left.
Tom didn't have anything to say, so he left.
Tom has a lot of things he needs to do today.
Tom has lots of things he needs to do today.
Tom has a lot of things he wants to do today.
Tom has lots of things he wants to do today.
Tom has hired Mary to take care of his children.
Tom has hired Mary to take care of his kids.
Tom has let his kids do that many times.
Tom has let his children do that many times.
Tom has more experience than everyone else.
Tom has more experience than everybody else.
Tom has no idea what Mary will do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary will do.
Tom has no idea where Mary is now.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is now.
Tom has no idea why that happened.
Tom doesn't have any idea why that happened.
Tom has no interest in art at all.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art at all.
Tom has no plans for next weekend.
Tom doesn't have any plans for next weekend.
Tom has no trouble climbing trees.
Tom doesn't have any trouble climbing trees.
Tom doesn't have anything to complain about.
Tom has told me he's planning to do that.
Tom has told me he's planning on doing that.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she has to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she has to do yet.
Tom is as smart as anybody else in his class.
Tom is as smart as anyone else in his class.
Tom is much better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is much better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is much faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is a lot faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is much faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is the person who can make that happen.
Tom is the person that can make that happen.
Tom knows he sometimes drinks too much.
Tom knows that he sometimes drinks too much.
Tom left his children alone at home.
Tom left his children by themselves at home.
Tom likes the same kind of movies I do.
Tom likes the same kind of movies that I do.
Tom looked around, but he didn't see anybody.
Tom looked around, but he didn't see anyone.
Tom may be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom might be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom might know where Mary went to high school.
Tom may know where Mary went to high school.
Tom might not be as hungry as you think he is.
Tom may not be as hungry as you think he is.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom promised me he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that by herself.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that alone.
Tom said Mary will unlikely enjoy doing that.
Tom said Mary won't likely enjoy doing that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said he doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom said he doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom said he had a hard time doing that.
Tom said he had a difficult time doing that.
Tom said he was glad he didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said he'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Tom said he wants go back to Boston someday.
Tom said he'd never want to do that alone.
Tom said he'd never want to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd try doing that again tomorrow.
Tom said he'd try to do that again tomorrow.
Tom said he's had no trouble sleeping.
Tom said he hasn't had any trouble sleeping.
Tom said his family is now living in Boston.
Tom said his family is living in Boston now.
Tom says that he didn't do anything illegal.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom shut the book and turned off the lamp.
Tom closed the book and turned off the lamp.
Tom thinks Mary would be angry if he did that.
Tom thinks Mary would be mad if he did that.
Tom told Mary he wasn't having any fun.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't having any fun.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was biased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John unbiased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't biased.
Tom told Mary what he was planning to do.
Tom told Mary what he was planning on doing.
Tom will be very influential someday.
Tom is going to be very influential someday.
Tom will be very intoxicated by 2:30.
Tom is going to be very intoxicated by 2:30.
Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't hungry.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not hungry.
Tom will probably tell Mary he isn't sleepy.
Tom will probably tell Mary he's not sleepy.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom will unlikely have to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely have to do that by himself.
Tom will unlikely need to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely need to do that by himself.
Tom will unlikely want to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely want to do that by himself.
Tom's friends knew Tom couldn't speak French.
Tom's friends knew he couldn't speak French.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do what he wants.
Tom's parents let him do what he wants.
Tom's shirt didn't cost as much as mine.
Tom's shirt didn't cost as much as mine did.
Tom's suspension ended on October 20th.
Tom's suspension ended on October twentieth.
You don't seem to like to do that very much.
You don't seem to like doing that very much.
You knew everyone at the party, didn't you?
You knew everybody at the party, didn't you?
You're the only person who can help me now.
You're the only person that can help me now.
I didn't know why everybody was looking at me.
I didn't know why everyone was looking at me.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom.
I haven't yet told anyone what I have to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I have to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what I need to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I need to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what I want to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what I want to do.
I hear that Tom plans to do that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom plans on doing that tomorrow.
I plan to do the same thing that Tom does.
I plan on doing the same thing that Tom does.
I spent three times as much money as you spent.
I spent three times as much money as you did.
I think it might not be hard to do that.
I think it might not be difficult to do that.
I thought Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
I thought Tom wasn't yet finished doing that.
I'd like to do that now if it's OK with you.
If it's OK with you, I'd like to do that now.
I'm not going to let Tom do that to you.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that to you.
Is that really what you're planning to do?
Is that really what you're planning on doing?
It shouldn't be hard for you to do that.
It shouldn't be difficult for you to do that.
It would be hard to do that by yourself.
It would be difficult to do that by yourself.
So far, no one has objected to my doing that.
So far, nobody has objected to my doing that.
That isn't the main reason I want to do that.
That's not the main reason I want to do that.
That isn't the only reason I want to do that.
That's not the only reason I want to do that.
There were no children in the park yesterday.
Tom and I are both old enough to know better.
Both Tom and I are old enough to know better.
Tom and I both shouted as loudly as we could.
Both Tom and I shouted as loudly as we could.
Tom and I were both shocked by what Mary did.
Both Tom and I were shocked by what Mary did.
Tom and Mary are planning on getting married.
Tom wasn't able find what he was looking for.
Tom has been here a lot longer than Mary.
Tom has been here a lot longer than Mary has.
Tom has decided to try doing that by himself.
Tom has decided to try to do that by himself.
Tom has no idea he's being ignored.
Tom doesn't have any idea he's being ignored.
Tom has no idea what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary has done.
Tom has no idea what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary is doing.
Tom has no idea when Mary did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary did that.
Tom has no idea who has to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who has to do that.
Tom hasn't yet decided what he's going to do.
Tom hasn't decided what he's going to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he needs to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he needs to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he wants to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he wants to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told me why he has to do that.
Tom hasn't told me yet why he has to do that.
Tom is definitely not planning to do that.
Tom is definitely not planning on doing that.
Tom is going to be very surprised if Mary does that.
Tom will be very surprised if Mary does that.
Tom isn't going to be back until the end of next week.
Tom won't be back until the end of next week.
Tom knows why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom knows why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom left his grandchildren a lot of money.
Tom left a lot of money to his grandchildren.
Tom likes doing that whenever he's in Boston.
Tom likes to do that whenever he's in Boston.
Tom must be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom has to be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom only did that because everyone else did.
Tom only did that because everybody else did.
Tom pulled out a book and started reading it.
Tom pulled out a book and started to read it.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have done that by herself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have done that alone.
Tom said he didn't expect anyone to do that.
Tom said he didn't expect anybody to do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said he hasn't yet decided what he'll do.
Tom said he hasn't decided what he'll do yet.
Tom said he shouldn't have walked home by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have walked home alone.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he'd try doing that again on Monday.
Tom said he'd try to do that again on Monday.
Tom said he's not sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he isn't sure Mary needs to do that.
Tom said no one else was willing to help him.
Tom said nobody else was willing to help him.
Tom said that he was glad Mary did that.
Tom said that he was glad that Mary did that.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom should never have tried to do that alone.
Tom should never have tried doing that alone.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that by himself.
Tom thinks that doing that might be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may be a bad idea.
Tom told Mary that he was unsure what to do.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't sure what to do.
Tom wanted to do that, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom wants to get someone to do that for him.
Tom wants to get somebody to do that for him.
Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
Tom is going to be doing that this afternoon.
Tom will be very desperate to do that.
Tom is going to be very desperate to do that.
Tom will be very reluctant to do that.
Tom is going to be very reluctant to do that.
Tom will give us what we've asked for.
Tom is going to give us what we've asked for.
Tom will unlikely enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom won't find anybody who'll do that for him.
Tom won't find anyone who'll do that for him.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom's parents were both born in Australia.
Both of Tom's parents were born in Australia.
We'll run out of money if we're not careful.
If we're not careful, we'll run out of money.
You shouldn't use someone else's toothbrush.
You shouldn't use somebody else's toothbrush.
Ask Tom if he has anyone to help him do that.
Ask Tom if he has anybody to help him do that.
Both Tom and I are still high school students.
Tom and I are both still high school students.
Do you really think it's hard to do that?
Do you really think it's difficult to do that?
Do you think it would be OK to do that?
Do you think it would be all right to do that?
Doing that was harder than I expected.
Doing that was more difficult than I expected.
Have you already talked to somebody about this?
Have you already talked to someone about this?
I can't believe you're planning to do that.
I can't believe you're planning on doing that.
I didn't allow Tom to do what he wanted to do.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom does.
I don't think I know anybody who speaks French.
I don't think I know anyone who speaks French.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom was.
I haven't yet told anyone what we have to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what we have to do.
I haven't yet told anyone what we need to do.
I haven't yet told anybody what we need to do.
I hope Tom isn't faster at doing that than I am.
I hope Tom isn't faster at doing that than me.
I remember going to Boston when I was a kid.
I remember going to Boston when I was a child.
I thought Tom was already finished doing that.
I thought Tom was finished doing that already.
I'm not going to let Tom do that anymore.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that anymore.
I've already found someone to do that for us.
I've already found somebody to do that for us.
Please find out what Tom is planning to do.
Please find out what Tom is planning on doing.
That isn't the main reason why Tom has to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom has to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom should do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom should do that.
There's no possibility of Tom doing that.
There isn't any possibility of Tom doing that.
Tom and I are planning to do that together.
Tom and I are planning on doing that together.
Tom and I both don't know how to speak French.
Both Tom and I don't know how to speak French.
Tom and I both don't understand French at all.
Both Tom and I don't understand French at all.
Tom and I both left the room at the same time.
Both Tom and I left the room at the same time.
Tom and I both want to know why that happened.
Both Tom and I want to know why that happened.
Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
Tom and Mary are planning on getting divorced.
Tom asked me why I didn't ask anybody for help.
Tom asked me why I didn't ask anyone for help.
Tom did that without asking for anybody's help.
Tom did that without asking for anyone's help.
Tom didn't think anybody would want to do that.
Tom didn't think anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't like anyone and no one likes him.
Tom has already had plenty of time to do that.
Tom has had plenty of time to do that already.
Tom has no idea what Mary has to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary has to do.
Tom has no idea what has to be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what has to be done.
Tom has no idea what should be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what should be done.
Tom has no idea where Mary did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary did that.
Tom has no objection to our leaving.
Tom doesn't have any objection to our leaving.
Tom has no plans for his retirement.
Tom doesn't have any plans for his retirement.
Tom has nothing to do with the case.
Tom doesn't have anything to do with the case.
Tom hasn't told anyone what his last name is.
Tom hasn't told anybody what his last name is.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she needs to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she needs to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she ought to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she ought to do yet.
Tom insisted he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom insisted he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary.
Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary is.
Tom is going to be surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will be surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom is very different from anybody else I know.
Tom is very different from anyone else I know.
Tom might know why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom may know why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom might know why Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom may know why Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom might know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom may know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom must be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom must be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom only told people what they needed to know.
Tom told people only what they needed to know.
Tom said Mary is happy that she was able to do that.
Tom said Mary is happy that she could do that.
Tom said Mary will unlikely be able to do that.
Tom said Mary won't likely be able to do that.
Tom said Mary would unlikely have to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely have to do that.
Tom said Mary would unlikely need to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely need to do that.
Tom said Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely want to do that.
Tom said everybody he knows has been to Boston.
Tom said everyone he knows has been to Boston.
Tom said everyone he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom said everybody he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom said he didn't expect anyone to help him.
Tom said he didn't expect anybody to help him.
Tom said he didn't want to do that alone.
Tom said he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said he expects his kids to be successful.
Tom said he expects his children to be successful.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said he thinks Mary can't do that.
Tom said he thinks Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said he was glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that by alone.
Tom said he's not in any hurry sell his house.
Tom said he isn't in any hurry sell his house.
Tom says everybody he knows has gone to Boston.
Tom says everyone he knows has gone to Boston.
Tom says everyone he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom says everybody he knows enjoys doing that.
Tom says he thinks that's not going to happen.
Tom says he thinks that isn't going to happen.
Tom says he's planning to attend our party.
Tom says he's planning on attending our party.
Tom seems to be unaware of what Mary did.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary did.
Tom should never have let Mary do that.
Tom should never have allowed Mary to do that.
Tom thinks Mary has probably not done that yet.
Tom thinks Mary probably hasn't done that yet.
Tom thinks that doing that might be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may be a good idea.
Tom wanted to get someone to do that for him.
Tom wanted to get somebody to do that for him.
Tom was able to do that without anybody's help.
Tom was able to do that without anyone's help.
Tom wasn't given the chance to try doing that.
Tom wasn't given the chance to try to do that.
Tom will be exhausted after doing that.
Tom is going to be exhausted after doing that.
Tom will be very angry if that happens.
Tom is going to be very angry if that happens.
Tom will be very happy if that happens.
Tom is going to be very happy if that happens.
Tom will be very upset if that happens.
Tom is going to be very upset if that happens.
Tom will eventually figure out how to do that.
Tom will figure out how to do that eventually.
Tom will need to study a little harder.
Tom is going to need to study a little harder.
Tom will never be given the chance to do that.
Tom won't ever be given the chance to do that.
Tom will unlikely need to do that anytime soon.
Tom won't likely need to do that anytime soon.
Tom won't find anybody who'll help him do that.
Tom won't find anyone who'll help him do that.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning to buy.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on buying.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan to do that.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan on doing that.
You should do that while you still can.
You should do that while you're still able to.
Although I don't want to do that, I have to.
Even though I don't want to do that, I have to.
Both Tom and Mary decided to enter the contest.
Tom and Mary both decided to enter the contest.
Do you remember your first teacher's name?
Do you remember the name of your first teacher?
Even though it was difficult, I was able to do that.
Even though it was hard, I was able to do that.
How many times have I asked you not to do that?
How many times have I asked you to not do that?
I don't have to do anything I don't want to.
I don't have to do anything I don't want to do.
I don't think Tom would be angry if you did that.
I don't think Tom would be mad if you did that.
I don't think it would be hard to do that.
I don't think it would be difficult to do that.
I think it's probably not hard to do that.
I think it's probably not difficult to do that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anybody.
I want to know when you're planning on leaving.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be mad if you did that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be angry if you did that.
If you dislike doing that, then don't do it.
If you don't like doing that, then don't do it.
If you're not going to do that, I won't do that either.
If you're not going to do that, I won't either.
It sounds like Tom isn't planning to do that.
It'll probably be hard for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be difficult for Tom to do that.
It'll probably be hard for you to do that.
It'll probably be difficult for you to do that.
Nobody told me I wasn't supposed to park there.
No one told me I wasn't supposed to park there.
Perhaps the only one here who can do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who can do that is Tom.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom had to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom had to do that.
Tom allows Mary to do anything she wants to do.
Tom allows Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
Both Tom and I were at John and Mary's wedding.
Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to.
Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary were planning on doing that together.
Tom and Mary were planning to do that together.
Tom began to write poems when he was very young.
Tom began writing poems when he was very young.
Tom didn't tell anyone what his last name was.
Tom didn't tell anybody what his last name was.
Tom didn't think anybody would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't think anyone would enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him.
Tom doesn't know anybody who is able to do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone who is able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think anyone would really do that.
Tom doesn't think anybody would really do that.
Tom had no desire to return to Boston.
Tom didn't have any desire to return to Boston.
Tom has been to Australia more times than Mary has.
Tom has been to Australia more times than Mary.
Tom has allowed his kids to do that many times.
Tom has no idea where Mary does that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary does that.
Tom has no idea who needs to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who needs to do that.
Tom has no idea who wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who wants to do that.
Tom has no intention of backing down.
Tom doesn't have any intention of backing down.
Tom has no interest in sports at all.
Tom doesn't have any interest in sports at all.
Tom hasn't yet realized that he's made a mistake.
Tom hasn't realized that he's made a mistake yet.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is a lot faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is eating on the porch with everyone else.
Tom is eating on the porch with everybody else.
Tom knew I would do whatever he asked.
Tom knew I would do whatever he asked me to do.
Tom learned how to do that when he was a kid.
Tom learned how to do that when he was a child.
Tom likes the same kind of food Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of food that Mary does.
Tom may have done the same thing that Mary did.
Tom might've done the same thing that Mary did.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have walked home by herself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have walked home alone.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that alone.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to do that by herself.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to do that alone.
Tom said Mary would unlikely enjoy doing that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely enjoy doing that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said everyone in his office speaks French.
Tom said everybody in his office speaks French.
Tom said he decided it was too hard to do.
Tom said he decided it was too difficult to do.
Tom said he didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom said he didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said he wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Tom said he wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't have a lot of money on him.
Tom said that he didn't have much money on him.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom said they wouldn't allow him to do that anymore.
Tom said they wouldn't let him do that anymore.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom says he needs to find someone to help him.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to help him.
Tom should never have tried doing that by himself.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that alone.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that alone.
Tom shouldn't have tried to do that by himself.
Tom shouldn't have tried doing that by himself.
Tom takes the kids to school every morning.
Tom takes the children to school every morning.
Tom thinks Mary is finished doing that already.
Tom thinks Mary is already finished doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was happy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unhappy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was at home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't happy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't up.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was up.
Tom wants to know what we're planning to do.
Tom wants to know what we're planning on doing.
Tom will be very glad he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be very glad he didn't do that.
Tom will do that no matter what you say.
Tom is going to do that no matter what you say.
Tom will get very dirty if he does that.
Tom is going to get very dirty if he does that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely be able to do that by himself.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning to cook.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on cooking.
We did that a lot when we were children, didn't we?
We did that a lot when we were kids, didn't we?
When I was young, I went to church every Sunday.
I went to church every Sunday when I was young.
Whether Tom will do that or not is not important.
Whether Tom will do that or not is unimportant.
You don't let your kids do that, do you?
You don't let your children do that, do you?
You know they won't allow you to do that, don't you?
You know they won't let you do that, don't you?
Doing that would really be a lot of fun, I think.
I think doing that would really be a lot of fun.
I'm looking for someone who understands French.
I'm looking for somebody who understands French.
I'm not planning to stay in Boston very long.
I'm not planning on staying in Boston very long.
If Tom really had wanted to do that, he would have.
Tom would've done that if he'd really wanted to.
In this country, you're not permitted to do that.
You're not permitted to do that in this country.
Let's not do anything that might make Tom mad.
Let's tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:30.
Let's tentatively plan to meet tomorrow at 2:30.
Someone must've taken your umbrella by mistake.
Somebody must've taken your umbrella by mistake.
Someone seems to have done that for us already.
Somebody seems to have done that for us already.
That isn't the main reason why Tom needs to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom needs to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom ought to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom ought to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom wants to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom wants to do that.
The best thing you can do now is to get some sleep.
The best thing you can do now is get some sleep.
Tom and I both didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Both Tom and I didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Tom and I both started talking at the same time.
Both Tom and I started talking at the same time.
Tom and I both wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom couldn't keep Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to do keep Mary from doing that.
Tom couldn't stop Mary from doing that.
Tom wasn't able to do stop Mary from doing that.
Tom couldn't tell Mary how he really felt.
Tom wasn't able to tell Mary how he really felt.
Tom didn't think Mary was the one who did that.
Tom didn't think Mary was the one that did that.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary did.
Tom has a lot of money, but he's not very happy.
Tom has a lot of money, but he isn't very happy.
Tom has no idea what Mary needs to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary needs to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary plans to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary plans to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary wants to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary's plans are.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's plans are.
Tom has no idea what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what needs to be done.
Tom has no idea why his wife left him.
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.
Tom has no interest in art whatsoever.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art whatsoever.
Tom has told Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom has told Mary he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he's supposed to do.
Tom hasn't told us what he's supposed to do yet.
Tom hopes he can to do that next October.
Tom hopes he'll be able to do that next October.
Tom hopes to be able to do that next October.
Tom is celebrating his 30th birthday today.
Tom is celebrating his thirtieth birthday today.
Tom is going to be very mad if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very angry if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very surprised if you don't do that.
Tom will be very surprised if you don't do that.
Tom is looking for someone to teach him French.
Tom is looking for somebody to teach him French.
Tom is planning to go home right after lunch.
Tom is planning on going home right after lunch.
Tom let Mary know that he had already done that.
Tom let Mary know that he had done that already.
Tom let me know that he was planning on doing that.
Tom let me know that he was planning to do that.
Tom likes the same kind of music Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of music that Mary does.
Tom probably doesn't yet know much about Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know much about Boston yet.
Tom said doing that was more difficult than he expected.
Tom said doing that was harder than he expected.
Tom said doing that was more difficult than he thought it would be.
Tom said he hasn't yet decided what needs to be done.
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done yet.
Tom said he wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom said he wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom said he was willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said he was willing to babysit our children.
Tom said he's already talked to Mary about that.
Tom said he's talked to Mary about that already.
Tom said he's better at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he's better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he's faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said it isn't yet the right time to do that.
Tom said it isn't the right time to do that yet.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary likes doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary likes to do that.
Tom says he just couldn't let Mary do that.
Tom says he just couldn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's not possible to do that.
Tom says he thinks it isn't possible to do that.
Tom says that he isn't interested in doing that.
Tom says there were no children in the park.
Tom says there weren't any children in the park.
Tom seems to be unaware that Mary did that.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware that Mary did that.
Tom should be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom should be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom thought Mary wasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was mad.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't angry.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't fat.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was fat.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't mad.
Tom told Mary that he was uncertain what to do.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't certain what to do.
Tom usually helps anyone who asks him for help.
Tom usually helps anybody who asks him for help.
Tom will be a great addition to our team.
Tom is going to be a great addition to our team.
Tom will be ready to do that by tomorrow.
Tom is going to be ready to do that by tomorrow.
Tom will be very happy he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be very happy he didn't do that.
Tom will be very hungry after doing that.
Tom is going to be very hungry after doing that.
Tom will do that as soon as he gets home.
Tom is going to do that as soon as he gets home.
Tom will give us everything we asked for.
Tom is going to give us everything we asked for.
Tom will stop Mary from doing that again.
Tom is going to stop Mary from doing that again.
Tom's friends knew that Tom was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew he was having money problems.
Tom's friends knew that he was having money problems.
Tom's parents let him do anything he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do anything he wants.
Tom's parents let him do anything he wants.
Tom's parents let him do whatever he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents let him do whatever he wants.
We haven't found a solution to that problem yet.
We haven't yet found a solution to that problem.
What are you planning to make for dinner?
What are you planning on making make for dinner?
You can save a lot of money if you buy in bulk.
If you buy in bulk, you can save a lot of money.
Doing that will be harder than you think.
Doing that will be more difficult than you think.
Don't you think it would be hard to do that?
Don't you think it would be difficult to do that?
How many times do are you planning to do that?
How many times do are you planning on doing that?
I don't have anyone to discuss my problems with.
I don't have anybody to discuss my problems with.
I don't think Tom does that as well as Mary.
I don't think Tom does that as well as Mary does.
I don't think Tom would be interested in doing that.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I hope Tom isn't quicker at doing that than me.
I hope Tom isn't quicker at doing that than I am.
I plan to do that tomorrow for the first time.
I plan on doing that tomorrow for the first time.
I think Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I don' think Tom expected to be here for so long.
I want to know whether you're going to do that or not.
I want to know if you're going to do that or not.
I've been told we're not allowed to do that here.
I've been told we aren't allowed to do that here.
It shouldn't be too hard for you to do that.
It shouldn't be too difficult for you to do that.
It'll be impossible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
It won't be possible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
Nobody seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
Sometimes Tom does that and sometimes he doesn't.
Tom sometimes does that and sometimes he doesn't.
That isn't the main reason why Tom shouldn't do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom and I both started laughing at the same time.
Both Tom and I started laughing at the same time.
Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to do that together.
Tom could do that well when he was younger.
Tom was able to do that well when he was younger.
Tom could probably do that without anybody's help.
Tom could probably do that without anyone's help.
Tom did that at least as well has everyone else.
Tom did that at least as well has everybody else.
Tom doesn't think Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really planned to do that.
Tom doesn't trust anybody else to do that for him.
Tom doesn't trust anyone else to do that for him.
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom had no trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom didn't have any trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom had nothing to do with the accident.
Tom didn't have anything to do with the accident.
Tom has no idea what Mary's parents do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's parents do.
Tom has no idea when Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary will do that.
Tom isn't going to be very comfortable doing that.
Tom is going to be very uncomfortable doing that.
Tom likes the same kind of movies Mary does.
Tom likes the same kind of movies that Mary does.
Tom might not be as busy today as he was yesterday.
Tom may not be as busy today as he was yesterday.
Tom promised me that he'd do that before he went home.
Tom promised me he'd do that before he went home.
Tom reached in his bag and pulled out an apple.
Tom reached into his bag and pulled out an apple.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that by herself.
Tom said Mary was planning to do that on her own.
Tom said Mary would unlikely be able to do that.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary could do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said he didn't want to let Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't want to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he had to hire someone with experience.
Tom said he had to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said he hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.
Tom said he hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
Tom said he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he's quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he's quicker at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said that he was glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that he didn't do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't swim.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that this week.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom seems to be unwilling to do that for us.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that for us.
Tom thinks that doing that might not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may not be a bad idea.
Tom thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom thought Mary had finished doing that already.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unafraid.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't afraid.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't busy.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was busy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't cold.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was cold.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't done.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was done.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't home.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lazy.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lazy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lost.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lost.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't nice.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was nice.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't weak.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was weak.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't well.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was well.
Tom will be very cranky if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very cranky if Mary does that.
Tom will be very interested in doing that.
Tom is going to be very interested in doing that.
Tom will be very thirsty after doing that.
Tom is going to be very thirsty after doing that.
Tom will tell Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom will tell Mary he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom will try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom is going to try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom won't likely get here earlier than Mary.
Tom won't likely get here earlier than Mary does.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan to swim that.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan on swimming that.
We're planning to do that tomorrow, aren't we?
We're planning on doing that tomorrow, aren't we?
You're not permitted to do that without a permit.
You aren't permitted to do that without a permit.
Both Tom and Mary are unlikely to want to do that.
Tom and Mary are both unlikely to want to do that.
I can't believe you aren't planning to do that.
I can't believe you aren't planning on doing that.
I couldn't do that last year, but I can now.
I wasn't able to do that last year, but I can now.
I don't think Tom would've let you do that.
I don't think Tom would've allowed you to do that.
I doubt it something like that would make Tom angry.
I doubt it something like that would make Tom mad.
I heard from Tom that Mary couldn't do that.
I heard from Tom that Mary wasn't able to do that.
I live in the same apartment building as Tom.
I live in the same apartment building as Tom does.
I might be the only person who knows how to do that.
I may be the only person who knows how to do that.
I think Tom won't be as angry as you think he'll be.
I think Tom won't be as mad as you think he'll be.
I want to know when Tom is planning to do that.
I want to know when Tom is planning on doing that.
I want to know when you're planning to do that.
I want to know when you're planning on doing that.
I'm not planning to stay in Boston much longer.
I'm not planning on staying in Boston much longer.
I've been told we're not supposed to do that here.
I've been told we aren't supposed to do that here.
Perhaps the only one here who has to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who has to do that is Tom.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom needed to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom needed to do that.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom wanted to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom wanted to do that.
Tom always becomes very talkative when he's drinking.
Tom always gets very talkative when he's drinking.
Tom and I are both married, but not to each other.
Both Tom and I are married, but not to each other.
Tom and I did that together when we were kids.
Tom and I did that together when we were children.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that.
Tom asked if it would be OK if he did that.
Tom asked if it would be all right if he did that.
Tom can run faster than anyone else in his class.
Tom can run faster than anybody else in his class.
Tom doesn't see why anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't see why anybody would want to do that.
Tom drank about three times as much as Mary drank.
Tom has done what no one else has been able to do.
Tom has done what nobody else has been able to do.
Tom has no idea what Mary intends to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary intends to do.
Tom has no idea what he should be doing.
Tom doesn't have any idea what he should be doing.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what he's supposed to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what he's supposed to do yet.
Tom knows why Mary is planning to go to Boston.
Tom knows why Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom might not even have known about today's meeting.
Tom may not even have known about today's meeting.
Tom really does that much better than anybody else.
Tom really does that much better than anyone else.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our children.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that alone.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have tried doing that by himself.
Tom said he shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom says he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary is able to do that.
Tom seems to be unaware of what he has to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what he has to do.
Tom sent Mary a text message just a minute ago.
Tom sent a text message to Mary just a minute ago.
Tom should never have tried to do that on his own.
Tom should never have tried doing that on his own.
Tom should never have tried to do that by himself.
Tom thinks that doing that might not be a good idea.
Tom thinks that doing that may not be a good idea.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was prepared.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unprepared.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't cute.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was cute.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was incorrect.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't correct.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't alone.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was alone.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was angry.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't awake.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was awake.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't bored.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was bored.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't broke.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was broke.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't drunk.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was drunk.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't friendly.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unfriendly.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lucky.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lucky.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't prepared.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't ready.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was ready.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't right.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was right.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't tired.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was tired.
Tom will be unable to finish doing that in an hour.
Tom won't be able to finish doing that in an hour.
Tom will be very furious if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very furious if Mary does that.
Tom will be very miserable if that happens.
Tom is going to be very miserable if that happens.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem alone.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem by himself.
Tom's parents allow him to do what he wants to do.
Are you sure that we'll get there before everybody else?
Are you sure we'll get there before everybody else?
Doing that was a lot harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was much harder than I expected it to be.
I thought you said you were planning to do that.
I thought you said you were planning on doing that.
I want to know where you're planning to do that.
I want to know where you're planning on doing that.
I've been told we're not permitted to do that here.
I've been told we aren't permitted to do that here.
It'll be difficult to determine what caused the problem.
It'll be hard to determine what caused the problem.
That isn't the main reason I don't want to do that.
That's not the main reason I don't want to do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom should've done that.
That isn't the main reason Tom should've done that.
That isn't the only reason I don't want to do that.
That's not the only reason I don't want to do that.
The only one here who can't do that is Tom.
The only one here who isn't able to do that is Tom.
There's no doubt that Tom will do that for us.
There isn't any doubt that Tom will do that for us.
There's no need to worry about that happening.
There isn't any need to worry about that happening.
Tom and I are planning to go to Boston together.
Tom and I are planning on going to Boston together.
Tom and I are planning to visit Boston together.
Tom and I are planning on visiting Boston together.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to.
Tom doesn't usually take medicine if he has a cold.
Tom usually doesn't take medicine if he has a cold.
Tom had a very hard time making friends there.
Tom had a very difficult time making friends there.
Tom has allowed his children to do that many times.
Tom has already told me he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom has already told me he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom has been doing that for over thirty years.
Tom has been doing that for more than thirty years.
Tom has no idea when Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary has to do that.
Tom has no idea who'll be at the meeting.
Tom doesn't have any idea who'll be at the meeting.
Tom has no interest in sports whatsoever.
Tom doesn't have any interest in sports whatsoever.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what she's supposed to do.
Tom hasn't told Mary what she's supposed to do yet.
Tom is going to be very surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will be very surprised if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom let me know that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom let me know that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom may be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom might be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom might not have enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom may not have enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom might not have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom may not have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom probably doesn't know what he did was illegal.
Tom probably doesn't know what he did wasn't legal.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how to read or write.
Tom probably doesn't know how to read or write yet.
Tom said Mary would probably not be able to do that.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said he'd never consider doing that alone.
Tom said he'd never consider doing that by himself.
Tom said his parents let him do what he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do what he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do what he wants.
Tom said it was easier to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said it was easier to do that than he expected.
Tom said it was more difficult to do that than he expected.
Tom said it was harder to do that than he expected.
Tom said it was more difficult to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said that he was glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom says he doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Tom seems to be unaware of what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary has done.
Tom seems to be unaware of what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary is doing.
Tom seems to be unwilling to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be angry at him.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be mad at him.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't absent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was absent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was afraid.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't asleep.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was asleep.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't honest.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was honest.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't hungry.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was hungry.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't lonely.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was lonely.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't scared.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was scared.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't sleepy.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was sleepy.
Tom usually doesn't do his homework in the kitchen.
Tom doesn't usually do his homework in the kitchen.
Tom will be very embarrassed if you do that.
Tom is going to be very embarrassed if you do that.
Tom will give us everything we've asked for.
Tom is going to give us everything we've asked for.
Tom will have a really hard time doing that.
Tom is going to have a really hard time doing that.
Tom will unlikely be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom won't likely be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom would be impressed if you could do that.
Tom would be impressed if you were able to do that.
When did you first hear Tom had been arrested?
When did you first hear that Tom had been arrested?
You should make sure that you don't make Tom mad.
You're planning to do that tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on doing that tomorrow, aren't you?
Are you sure we'll get there before the others?
Are you sure that we'll get there before the others?
Doing that was a lot more difficult than I expected it to be.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like going to Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
I didn't have enough money to buy Tom a present.
I didn't have enough money to buy a present for Tom.
I thought you said you'd never try to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you'd never try to do that alone.
I want to know when you're planning to get here.
I want to know when you're planning on getting here.
It was a problem, but not one we couldn't solve.
It was a problem, but not one we weren't able solve.
It'll be difficult to figure out what caused the problem.
It'll be hard to figure out what caused the problem.
Perhaps the only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom should've done that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom should've done that.
The test wasn't as hard as I expected it to be.
The test wasn't as difficult as I expected it to be.
Tom and I are planning to go to Boston next fall.
Tom and I are planning on going to Boston next fall.
Both Tom and I came to Boston when we were children.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks to his kids.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks to his children.
Tom has already had plenty of time to get that done.
Tom has had plenty of time to get that done already.
Tom has no idea what Mary wants him to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary wants him to do.
Tom hasn't let his kids do that very many times.
Tom hasn't let his children do that very many times.
Tom isn't the only one who's planning to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who's planning on doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet really know how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't really know how to do that yet.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have tried doing that by herself.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom said Mary was planning on doing that on her own.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to do that on her own.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he didn't really expect anyone to do that.
Tom said he didn't really expect anybody to do that.
Tom said he doesn't plan to do that this weekend.
Tom said he doesn't plan on doing that this weekend.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that alone.
Tom said he needed to hire someone with experience.
Tom said he needed to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said he wanted to hire someone with experience.
Tom said he wanted to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said last month that he was planning to retire.
Last month, Tom said that he was planning to retire.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom seems to be unaware of what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what he needs to do.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried doing that on his own.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that by himself.
Tom shouldn't have ever tried to do that on his own.
Tom still hasn't bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom still hasn't bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dependable.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was undependable.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't pretty.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was pretty.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was correct.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unavailable.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't available.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unimpressed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't impressed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't annoyed.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was annoyed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't dependable.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't jealous.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was jealous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't married.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was married.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't nervous.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was nervous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't outside.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was outside.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't sincere.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was sincere.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't thirsty.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was thirsty.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't worried.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was worried.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom told me that he's uncertain what he should do.
Tom told me that he's not certain what he should do.
Tom will unlikely want to do that on a day like this.
Tom won't likely want to do that on a day like this.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we didn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we didn't let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we let Mary do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we allowed Mary to do that.
What's the best birthday present you've ever received?
What's the best birthday present you've ever gotten?
When do you think the best time to do that would be?
When do you think would be the best time to do that?
Both Tom and I were absent from school all last week.
Tom and I both were absent from school all last week.
Do you really think it would be hard to do that?
Do you really think it would be difficult to do that?
Doing that was a lot harder than I thought it would be.
Doing that was much harder than I thought it would be.
Everybody but Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everyone but Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't like living in Boston.
I think I must've done something that made Tom mad.
I think I must've done something that made Tom angry.
I think Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
I don't think Tom would be amused by what's going on.
Perhaps the only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who's able to do that is Tom.
This is the first time I've ever seen anybody do that.
This is the first time I've ever seen anyone do that.
Tom and I aren't going to see each other again for a long time.
Tom and I won't see each other again for a long time.
Tom didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom didn't know that you were planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that you were planning on doing that.
Tom has no idea what Mary's dog looks like.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's dog looks like.
Tom has no idea when Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary needs to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary wants to do that.
Tom is a better at playing the trombone than Mary.
Tom is a better at playing the trombone than Mary is.
Tom might have some problems we can help him deal with.
Tom may have some problems we can help him deal with.
Tom must've thought Mary already knew how to do that.
Tom must've thought Mary knew how to do that already.
Tom probably doesn't know what I'm planning to do.
Tom probably doesn't know what I'm planning on doing.
Tom said Mary is glad that she was able to do that for you.
Tom said Mary is glad that she could do that for you.
Tom said Mary wasn't as mad as he thought she'd be.
Tom said Mary wasn't as angry as he thought she'd be.
Tom said he only did that because everyone else did.
Tom said he only did that because everybody else did.
Tom said he plans to stay in Boston until October.
Tom said he plans on staying in Boston until October.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said it wasn't as difficult to do that as he expected.
Tom said it wasn't as hard to do that as he expected.
Tom said it wasn't as difficult to do that as he thought it would be.
Tom said no one else wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom said nobody else wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom started getting angry when Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting mad when Mary started doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't barefoot.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was barefoot.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't confused.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was confused.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was friendly.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't innocent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was innocent.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't ticklish.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was ticklish.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't unbiased.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was unbiased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't upstairs.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was upstairs.
Tom will do that first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to do that first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom will likely be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom will likely be faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom won't likely be as angry at Mary as he was at John.
Tom won't likely be as mad at Mary as he was at John.
Tom wondered what songs Mary was planning to sing.
Tom wondered what songs Mary was planning on singing.
Tom's parents are too strict to let him do that.
Tom's parents are too strict to allow him to do that.
What kind of food do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of food do you plan on having at the party?
Doing that was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
I've been trying not to do anything to make Tom mad.
I've been trying not to do anything to make Tom angry.
It would probably be hard to do that by yourself.
It would probably be difficult to do that by yourself.
Tom and I both stared at Mary without saying anything.
Both Tom and I stared at Mary without saying anything.
Tom can play the piano better than anybody else I know.
Tom can play the piano better than anyone else I know.
Tom has no idea what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary does for a living.
Tom has no idea where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary wants to do that.
Tom is likely to be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he didn't know Mary could speak French.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said he didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Tom said he didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said it's important that we help everyone we can.
Tom said it's important that we help everybody we can.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why we should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason we should do that.
Tom says he needs to find someone to do that for him.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to do that for him.
Tom says this is the first time he's tried doing that.
Tom says this is the first time he's tried to do that.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary hadn't yet done that.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary hadn't done that yet.
Tom seems to be unaware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be angry, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks Mary won't be mad, but I think she will be.
Tom thinks some of his friends might be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was retired yet.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't yet retired.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be late.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be late.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't confident.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was confident.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't disgusted.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disgusted.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was impressed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't incorrect.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was incorrect.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't retired yet.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't surprised.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was surprised.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't terrified.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was terrified.
Tom told Mary that she should quit being so secretive.
Tom told Mary that she should stop being so secretive.
Tom will bake a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Tom won't likely be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom won't likely be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom's parents allow him to do anything he wants to do.
Tom's parents allow him to do whatever he wants to do.
Are you sure that we'll get there before everyone else?
Are you sure we'll get there before everyone else?
Doing that was harder than I expected it to be.
Doing that was more difficult than I expected it to be.
Doing that will be a lot harder than you think.
Doing that will be a lot more difficult than you think.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom mad.
I might be the only one who really knows what's going on.
I may be the only one who really knows what's going on.
That isn't the main reason why Tom doesn't want to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom doesn't want to do that.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom didn't want to do that.
The question is how to say no without making Tom mad.
Tom and I both had no idea what Mary was talking about.
Both Tom and I had no idea what Mary was talking about.
Tom and I both turned around to see what was happening.
Both Tom and I turned around to see what was happening.
Tom and I have known each other since we were children.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone what his last name was.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody what his last name was.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him do that.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him do that.
Tom has been unable to attend church for three months.
Tom hasn't been able to attend church for three months.
Tom has no idea what Mary's house looks like.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's house looks like.
Tom has no idea what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom doesn't have any idea what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom has no idea when Mary intends to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary intends to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom learned he shouldn't do that from his parents.
Tom learned from his parents that he shouldn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as I do.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as me.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that by herself.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that on her own.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our children.
Tom said he wasn't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
Tom said he wasn't planning on going swimming tomorrow.
Tom said he wouldn't dream of letting Mary do that.
Tom said he wouldn't dream of allowing Mary to do that.
Tom said his parents let him do anything he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do anything he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do anything he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do whatever he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do whatever he wants.
Tom said his parents let him do whatever he wants.
Tom said that was the first time he'd tried doing that.
Tom said that was the first time he'd tried to do that.
Tom said the beach was nicer than he expected.
Tom said the beach was nicer than he expected it to be.
Tom says he needs to find someone to help him do that.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to help him do that.
Tom says he thinks it won't be possible to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he's not going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he isn't going to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't beautiful.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was beautiful.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't downstairs.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was downstairs.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't frightened.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was frightened.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't interested.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was interested.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't suspicious.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was suspicious.
Tom told me that I'm better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that I'm better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me that I'm faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that I'm faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom will be very disappointed if Mary does that.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if Mary does that.
Tom will try to stop Mary from doing that again.
Tom is going to try to stop Mary from doing that again.
What kind of drinks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of drinks do you plan on having at the party?
What kind of snacks do you plan to have at the party?
What kind of snacks do you plan on having at the party?
Do you really think it wouldn't be hard to do that?
Do you really think it wouldn't be difficult to do that?
Doing that wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
Doing that wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be.
Doing that will be a lot harder than you think it'll be.
Everyone except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
I don't think there's any reason Tom has to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom has to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be faster at doing that than Mary.
I'm sure Tom won't be faster at doing that than Mary is.
Perhaps the only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Tennis is fun to watch. Basketball is fun to watch as well.
Tennis is fun to watch. Basketball is fun to watch, too.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom ought to have done that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom ought to have done that.
Tom and I did everything together when we were kids.
Tom and I did everything together when we were children.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that alone.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on doing that alone.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom didn't know that you weren't planning to do that.
Tom didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't try doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't try to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be angry even if he did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be mad even if he did that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as you do.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as you.
Tom probably doesn't know what you're planning to do.
Tom probably doesn't know what you're planning on doing.
Tom said doing that was harder than he thought it would be.
Tom said it's difficult to determine what caused the problem.
Tom said it's hard to determine what caused the problem.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary has to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary has to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary should do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why he wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason he wants to do that.
Tom says he doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom says he doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom says this will be the last time he tries to do that.
Tom says this will be the last time he tries doing that.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's not going to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary he isn't going to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice wasn't attractive.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was attractive.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't discouraged.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was discouraged.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't embarrassed.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was embarrassed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't heartbroken.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was heartbroken.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in his room.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in his room.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't unconscious.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was unconscious.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be angry.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be mad.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be mad.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be shy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be shy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be angry.
Tom told me that he's better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that he's better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me that he's faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me that he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom will have a heart attack if he's not careful.
Tom is going to have a heart attack if he's not careful.
Almost everyone I know has been to Boston at least once.
Almost everybody I know has been to Boston at least once.
I wouldn't want to do anything that would make Tom mad.
It probably wouldn't be hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't be difficult to do that by yourself.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom shouldn't have done that.
That wasn't the main reason Tom shouldn't have done that.
There's no need to worry about that happening again.
There isn't any need to worry about that happening again.
Tom and I have the same last name, but we aren't related.
Tom and I have the same last name, but we're not related.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't understand why anybody would want to do that.
Tom has no idea when Mary wants him to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary wants him to do that.
Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he needs.
Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wants.
Tom may not have enough money to buy everything he wants.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary does.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary hasn't yet done that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary hasn't done that yet.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom probably doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks yet.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he understands why Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he understands why Mary may not want to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said his parents allow him to do what he wants to do.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why he wanted to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason he wanted to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why we shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason we shouldn't do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary had to do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom should never have let you do that by yourself.
Tom should never have allowed you to do that by yourself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John hadn't been prudent.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John had been prudent.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't disappointed.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disappointed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be busy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be busy.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be deaf.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be deaf.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be hurt.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be hurt.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be poor.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be poor.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sick.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be sick.
Tom will visit his parents in Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to visit his parents in Boston next weekend.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning to make for dinner.
Tom wondered what Mary was planning on making for dinner.
Tom would've never done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom never would've done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
You're planning to do that again tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on doing that again tomorrow, aren't you?
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
I don't think there's any reason Tom needs to do that.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom needs to do that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone about that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anybody about that.
If you're very quiet, you probably won't wake the baby up.
If you're very quiet, you probably won't wake up the baby.
Tom and I are planning to get married on October 20th.
Tom and I are planning on getting married on October 20th.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be allowed to do that or not.
Tom knew Mary told everybody she was going to go to Boston.
Tom knew Mary told everyone she was going to go to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has already done that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has done that already.
Tom said he knew they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said he knew they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said he knew they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said it wasn't as hard to do that as he thought it would be.
Tom said that he really did do that without anybody's help.
Tom said that he really did do that without anyone's help.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary wants to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends might not be able to do that.
Tom thinks some of his friends may not be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't in his office.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was in his office.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be blind.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be blind.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be drunk.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be drunk.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be tired.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be tired.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be upset.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be upset.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer when he was a kid.
Tom used to go to Boston every summer when he was a child.
Tom would've never done that if Mary had asked him not to.
Tom never would've done that if Mary had asked him not to.
I want to be able to play the mandolin as well as Tom.
I want to be able to play the mandolin as well as Tom does.
I'm fairly sure Tom didn't know Mary was older than him.
I'm fairly sure Tom didn't know Mary was older than he was.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone who'll do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody who'll do that for us.
Tom has no idea when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he had already done that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he had done that already.
Tom may need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom might need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said Mary needed to do that as soon as she could.
Tom said Mary needed to do that as soon as she was able to.
Tom said everyone he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom said everybody he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said it was harder to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said that isn't the main reason why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the main reason Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason Mary wanted to do that.
Tom says everyone he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom says everybody he usually hangs out with speaks French.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom should've been outside playing with the other kids.
Tom should've been outside playing with the other children.
Tom started getting angry the minute Mary started doing that.
Tom started getting mad the minute Mary started doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be back soon.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be back soon.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be afraid.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be afraid.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be scared.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be scared.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sleepy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be sleepy.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be stupid.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be stupid.
Tom told Mary that she's better at doing that than John.
Tom told Mary that she's better at doing that than John is.
Tom went to Boston because everybody else in his family did.
Tom went to Boston because everyone else in his family did.
Tom will be too weak to do that after his operation.
Tom is going to be too weak to do that after his operation.
Doing that was much more difficult than I expected it to be.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
I didn't begin to study French until I was thirty.
I didn't begin to study French until I was thirty years old.
I know that you and Tom are planning to do that together.
I know that you and Tom are planning on doing that together.
I thought someone would help Tom figure out how to do that.
I thought somebody would help Tom figure out how to do that.
It was harder to do that than I thought it would be.
It was more difficult to do that than I thought it would be.
Perhaps the only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Maybe the only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Tom didn't know what Mary was planning to make for dinner.
Tom didn't know what Mary was planning on making for dinner.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be permitted to do that.
Tom didn't know whether he'd be permitted to do that or not.
Tom didn't realize that what he was doing mad Mary very angry.
Tom didn't realize that what he was doing mad Mary very mad.
Tom doesn't know anybody who does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't know anyone who does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody who can do that for us.
Tom has been letting me borrow his bicycle every Monday.
Tom has been allowing me to borrow his bicycle every Monday.
Tom has been playing the clarinet for over three years.
Tom has been playing the clarinet for more than three years.
Tom has no idea where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom is likely to still be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is likely to still be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be hard.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be difficult.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said you speak French better than French than Mary.
Tom said you speak French better than French than Mary does.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't being sarcastic.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was being sarcastic.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't done doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was done doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't too old for her.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was too old for her.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be annoyed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be annoyed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be jealous.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be jealous.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be nervous.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be nervous.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be psychic.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be psychic.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be thirsty.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be thirsty.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be wealthy.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be wealthy.
Tom will be very hurt if you don't come to his party.
Tom is going to be very hurt if you don't come to his party.
Why didn't you need to be there by 2:30 like everyone else?
Why didn't you need to be there by 2:30 like everybody else?
About how many hours does it take to get to Boston from here?
About how many hours does it take to get from here to Boston?
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to go to Boston.
I didn't think there was any reason we needed to do that.
I didn't think there was any reason why we needed to do that.
Tom and I are planning to go to a movie together tomorrow.
Tom and I are planning on going to a movie together tomorrow.
Tom is able to play the piano better than anybody else I know.
Tom is able to play the piano better than anyone else I know.
Tom is likely to still be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be quicker at doing that than Mary is.
Tom knew Mary told everybody she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom knew Mary told everyone she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom said his parents allow him to do anything he wants to do.
Tom said his parents allow him to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom should be able to do that without anybody's help, I think.
Tom should be able to do that without anyone's help, I think.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be confused.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be confused.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be helpless.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be helpless.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be homeless.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be homeless.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be homesick.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be homesick.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be offended.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be offended.
Tom will be very disappointed if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom is going to be very disappointed if Mary doesn't do that.
Doing that was much more difficult than I thought it would be.
I couldn't do that by myself, so I asked Tom to help me.
I wasn't able to do that by myself, so I asked Tom to help me.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said that isn't the only reason why he didn't want to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason he didn't want to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary should've done that.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary should've done that.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he's planning to do.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he's planning on doing.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be impressed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be impressed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be irritated.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be irritated.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be terrified.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be terrified.
Tom was able to do that better than I thought he would.
Tom was able to do that better than I thought he'd be able to.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anyone willing to do that for us.
Tom doesn't think we'll find anybody willing to do that for us.
Tom has no idea how many people will be at his party.
Tom doesn't have any idea how many people will be at his party.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't through doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was through doing that.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be frightened.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be frightened.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be interested.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be interested.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be suspicious.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be suspicious.
Tom would be done doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be through doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
Tom would be finished doing that by now if he'd started earlier.
We aren't talking about you. We're talking about someone else.
We're not talking about you. We're talking about somebody else.
Doing that will be a lot more difficult than you think it'll be.
I plan to do that tomorrow for the first time in three years.
I plan on doing that tomorrow for the first time in three years.
It probably wouldn't have been hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been difficult to do that by yourself.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning to give that to.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning on giving that to.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't finished doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was finished doing that.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be intoxicated.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sympathetic.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be sympathetic.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to do that like everybody else.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to do that like everyone else.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our kids Monday evening.
Tom said Mary was willing to babysit our children Monday evening.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning to do that with.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning on doing that with.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be bad at chess.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be bad at chess.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be disappointed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be disappointed.
Tom will be very sleepy if he stays up all night studying.
Tom is going to be very sleepy if he stays up all night studying.
I might be the only person who's willing to show you how to do that.
I may be the only person who's willing to show you how to do that.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she wasn't going to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary is probably still better at doing that than John.
Tom said Mary is probably still better at doing that than John is.
Tom said Mary is probably still faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom said Mary is probably still faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said he thought Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom still hasn't told me the reason why he's not going to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me the reason why he isn't going to do that.
Tom will be very late if he does that before he comes here.
Tom is going to be very late if he does that before he comes here.
What made Tom mad wasn't what you said, but the way you said it.
Tom might not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think he is.
Tom may not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think he is.
Tom said he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said he may need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said he might need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom says he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be claustrophobic.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be claustrophobic.
Tom would've done that correctly the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom would've done that right the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to leave him.
Tom told Mary that he thought John hadn't been tempted to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John had been tempted to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was the last one to do that.
It may seem like doing that is a lot of trouble, but it's worth it.
It might seem like doing that is a lot of trouble, but it's worth it.
It probably wouldn't have been that hard to do that by yourself.
It probably wouldn't have been that difficult to do that by yourself.
Tom and I are planning to go swimming together tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and I are planning on going swimming together tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he didn't think it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't think it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what Mary was planning to do.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was the first one to do that.
Tom will be very thirsty after working all day in the hot sun.
Tom is going to be very thirsty after working all day in the hot sun.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to go to Boston like everybody else.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't have to go to Boston like everyone else.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our kids Monday evening.
Tom said Mary would be willing to babysit our children Monday evening.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't usually at home on Mondays.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was usually at home on Mondays.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be a bad chess player.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be a bad chess player.
Tom told Mary that he thought John hadn't finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John had finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't amused by what was going on.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was amused by what was going on.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what everyone else had to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do what everybody else had to do.
The only reason Tom did that was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom did that was because everyone else in his family did.
Tom said he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be the next one to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be the next one to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan to do that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan on doing that this afternoon.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be angry at Mary if there weren't a good reason to be.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be mad at Mary if there weren't a good reason to be.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said he didn't know that eventually Mary was going to want to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what everyone else needed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what everybody else needed to do.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't faster at doing that than Alice.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was faster at doing that than Alice.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be interested in doing that.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning on doing that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning to do that this afternoon.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because everyone else in his family did.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wouldn't be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that for him if he could find anybody else to do it for him.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that for him if he could find anyone else to do it for him.
Tom plays the flute better than Mary does.
Tom plays the flute better than Mary
Tom doesn't play the cello as well as Mary.
Tom hasn't been getting much sleep.
Tom hasn't been helping Mary.
Tom won't drive to Boston.
Tom won't drink that.
Tom didn't buy what he needed.
Tom didn't help.
Tom took a sip of tea.
Tom drives a big sedan.
Tom is on his deathbed.
Tom and Mary are hitchhiking.
You must do everything Tom tells you to do.
Tom could buy everything he needed.
Tom couldn't buy everything he needed.
Tom could buy what he needed.
Tom couldn't buy what he needed.
Tom could do what he needed to do.
Tom could do what he had to do.
Tom could do everything he needed to do.
Tom couldn't do what he needed to do.
Tom couldn't do what he had to do.
Tom couldn't do everything he needed to do.
Tom couldn't do everything he had to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he needed to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he had to do.
Tom couldn't do anything he wanted to do.
Tom was able to do everything he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he had to do.
Tom was able to do what he had to do.
Tom wasn't able to do what he needed to do.
Tom was able to do what he needed to do.
Tom wasn't able to buy what he needed.
Tom was able to buy what he needed.
Tom wasn't able to buy everything he needed.
Tom was able to buy everything he needed.
Tom bought everything he needed to buy.
Tom didn't buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom bought what he needed to buy.
Tom didn't buy what he needed to buy.
Tom didn't do what he had to do.
Tom didn't do everything he had to do.
Tom didn't do what he needed to do.
Tom didn't do everything he needed to do.
Tom didn't get everything he needed.
Tom never married and never had kids.
Tom believes Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom does this for a living.
Tom isn't as old as most people think he is.
Tom is still not completely satisfied.
Maybe Tom should do that.
Tom really should do that.
Tom knew Mary had to do that.
I don't want to do that with Tom.
I told Tom you'd want to do that.
Tom decided to help Mary do that.
Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy the party very much.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy the movie very much.
I've never tried doing that.
Have you ever lived abroad?
Have you ever broken a leg?
I don't like meat.
We can't talk right now.
I'll never be able to sleep.
I know when you're lying.
I'm putting boots on.
When did you try doing that?
Don't go without me.
Go without me.
What's wrong with being bald?
Being bald's not so bad.
Are these ours?
I just did that.
Let me join you.
We need to do that.
Of course, I did that.
I have no need for this.
I must've been mistaken.
I wanted you to do that.
I was enjoying the view.
I'm trying to slim down.
I've decided to do that.
Mary is my type of girl.
Maybe we should do that.
Those are mine, I think.
We need to do that soon.
Where do I go from here?
Who did you come to see?
Did you enjoy the picnic?
I forgot to feed the dog.
I may have been mistaken.
I think it's time to eat.
I used to try to do that.
Is something bugging you?
Mary is my type of woman.
Who did you ask for help?
Who did you want to hire?
Why don't we all do that?
Could you help me do this?
Could you wash the dishes?
I had no idea what it was.
I have no idea what it is.
I wasn't about to give up.
I'll come and pick you up.
I'm glad you're my lawyer.
I'm looking for a way out.
I've got to do that today.
Maybe I shouldn't do that.
Some people don't do that.
Why don't you do that now?
Why should we not do that?
I really wanted to do that.
I won't sleep in this room.
I'm proud to be your coach.
I'm starting to feel dizzy.
I'm thinking of doing that.
I've got to head back home.
Is French a required class?
Mary is a really cute girl.
Maybe we shouldn't do that.
My toolbox is in the trunk.
So, what're you looking at?
Where did you get this car?
Where were you last summer?
Why don't you grow a beard?
I came here to study French.
I still live on Park Street.
I want to know what happens.
I'm glad you're our teacher.
I'm starting to feel guilty.
I'm starting to feel sleepy.
Maybe you shouldn't do that.
Of course, I didn't do that.
So, what're you looking for?
Where did you get this info?
Who did you visit in Boston?
I ate everything on my plate.
I got these tickets for free.
I know you probably did that.
I still don't like your idea.
I still want to go to Boston.
I think it's time for dinner.
I was starting to feel dizzy.
I'm not about to give up now.
I'm not ready to go home yet.
These are yours, aren't they?
Those are yours, aren't they?
We need to do that this week.
Who did you play tennis with?
Our fates are interwoven.
The moon doesn't shine on its own.
Did Tom actually go to Boston?
I tried to stay inside the house all day, but I ended up going outside and sitting in the garden.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that today.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be broke so often if he'd be a little more careful spending the money he earns.
Can Tom do that instead of me?
I had planned to stay in Boston all month, but something came up and I had to go to Chicago.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that again.
I didn't know what language Tom's friends were speaking, but I thought it sounded like French.
Boston is Tom's favorite city.
We had to speak French since that was the only language that some people in the group knew.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom would be bored at the art museum, but he seemed to really enjoy being there.
Ask Tom if he'll go to Boston.
I didn't know how long the leftover chicken had been in the refrigerator, so threw it away.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that without some help.
You should probably tell Tom that he needs to be more careful the next time he does that.
"Where's Tom?" "He's at home."
After you finish reading that book, please put it back on the shelf where you found it.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that by himself.
We had to live in Boston for a while with Tom after our house was destroyed by the flood.
Your comments made Tom laugh.
I thought I could get to the airport on time if I drove a little over the speed limit.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to do that by himself.
I wondered how many times I'd have to ask Tom to clean his room before he finally did it.
You're a worse liar than Tom.
The boy that we met on the path who was carrying a fishing pole seemed very friendly.
I think Tom would go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
I wanted Tom to stay in Boston for a few days, but he said he had to get back to Chicago.
You're a lot bigger than Tom.
If you had done what you were supposed to do, there wouldn't have been any problems.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I wanted to show Tom how to do that, so next time he could do it and I wouldn't have to.
You poisoned Tom, didn't you?
I thought I could go to Boston last week, but I got sick and stayed in bed all week.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
"Do you still do that?" "Yes, I do." "How about Tom?" "No, Tom doesn't do that anymore."
You could get Tom to do that.
I didn't like living in the city, so I moved back to the small town where I grew up.
I should probably tell Tom that I don't want him to do that.
You should probably tell Tom that he has to be more careful the next time he does that.
You can't ask Tom to do that.
The day before yesterday we went to the opera, and yesterday we went to the ballet.
I should probably tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I didn't have my cell phone with me, so I couldn't call Tom to tell him I'd be late.
You and Tom agree, don't you?
I thought I was going to be able to afford to buy a house by the time I was thirty.
I ran as fast as I could, but Tom beat me by thirty seconds.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Would Tom do that on his own?
I didn't need to look at the menu because I already knew what I was going to order.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be embarrassed by that.
We didn't want Tom to understand what we were talking about, so we spoke in French.
Would Tom do that by himself?
I can't remember the name of the girl who sat next to me in French class last year.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will ever do that.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to move the bookcase without our help.
Will Tom really go to Boston?
You didn't really think you were going to be able to do that by yourself, did you?
I don't think Tom will be able to do that without some help.
Did you know that Tom didn't start playing the guitar until he was thirty year old?
Will Tom be doing that again?
There's not much difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
I don't know who Tom has decided to give his old bicycle to.
Even though I was busy, I talked to Tom for about three hours yesterday afternoon.
Why would I buy that for Tom?
There's a lot of difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
I didn't want to do anything that might hurt Tom's feelings.
"Are you going to do that?" "Yes, I will" "How about Tom?" "No, he won't do that."
Why would I be afraid of Tom?
I had some free time yesterday, so I spent some time in the park with my children.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't know how to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be outside in this kind of weather if he didn't have to be.
Why is Tom afraid to do that?
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that if she doesn't want to.
I didn't sharpen Tom's pencils even though he'd asked me to.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to know that you really didn't want to do that.
Why did you make Tom do that?
Yesterday I should've done that, but since I didn't have time I gave up the idea.
I didn't know where Tom wanted to spend his summer vacation.
You should tell Tom that he needs to be more careful the next time he does that.
Who'll go to Boston with Tom?
All you have to do is just sit there and listen. You won't have to say anything.
I didn't know what to do with all the junk Tom had given me.
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that in less than three hours, did you?
Who told Tom to go to Boston?
You know better than to do that without asking for permission first, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom used to be pretty good at doing that.
You knew that I wasn't going to be able to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
Who gave Tom a glass of wine?
I don't understand French, but I get the feeling that they're talking about me.
I didn't know how to do that, so I asked Tom to show me how.
You should tell Tom that he has to be more careful the next time he does that.
Where did Tom go last summer?
I can't do that tomorrow. Would it be OK if we did that the day after tomorrow?
I didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted me to buy.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to move the piano without his help.
What you said made Tom smile.
Didn't you know there was a convenience store in the basement of this building?
I didn't believe that Tom was capable of doing such a thing.
I hope they don't find out that Tom was the one responsible for what happened.
What you said made Tom laugh.
After cutting down the tree, we counted the growth rings to see how old it was.
I asked Tom this morning if he wanted to go jogging with me.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't have enough money to buy food for his family.
We should do as Tom suggests.
I've never throw away anything that I thought I might be able to use sometime.
How much more time do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
We switched to French as soon as we realized Tom couldn't understand English.
We might speak French to Tom.
I don't have enough money to buy that house on Park Street that I want to buy.
How many years do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think this meeting were important.
We heard Tom speaking French.
I didn't have enough money to buy the car I wanted, so I bought a cheaper one.
How many weeks do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I didn't have as much trouble convincing Tom to do that as I thought I would.
We expect Tom to participate.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
How many more months do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
This is a pie that Tom baked.
You knew I wasn't going to be able to do that without your help, didn't you?
How many hours do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I knew that Tom was a guitarist, but I'd never heard him play until tonight.
The only drummer here is Tom.
I was about to do that, but something came up and I didn't have a chance to.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't need to do that?
Tell Tom to do that tomorrow.
Did you know there was a convenience store in the basement of this building?
Didn't you know Tom was the one who was supposed to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't have to do that?
Tell Tom not to do that here.
You didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
You tried to convince Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
If I had known that Tom didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown him how.
Tell Tom he ought to do that.
The food at that restaurant wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
You should probably tell Tom why you don't want to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was planning to do that with.
Tell Tom he needs to do that.
Filling out this questionnaire should only take a few minutes of your time.
You seemed to be surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
You didn't seem to be surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
Please tell Tom not to leave.
"Do I have to do that?" "You don't have to, but it'd be better if you did."
You hope that Tom will teach you how to do that, don't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Perhaps Tom can speak French.
If we'd arrived a few minutes earlier, we could've found somewhere to sit.
You haven't yet told Tom why you need to do that, have you?
I didn't think that what Tom was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Maybe Tom will come tomorrow.
I've asked many people the same question and I always get the same answer.
You don't really care whether Tom likes you or not, do you?
Did you know that Tom wrote his first song when he was thirteen years old?
Maybe Tom is in the hospital.
I won't be able to do that by myself, so I need to ask someone to help me.
You don't know whether Tom needs to do that or not, do you?
You didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help you do that, did you?
Let Tom do whatever he wants.
I realize I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
You didn't tell Tom why you wanted him to do that, did you?
What Tom said was true at the time he said it, but it isn't true anymore.
Let Tom do anything he wants.
You weren't able to get everything done that needed to be done, were you?
You didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted me to do that.
Just make sure you tell Tom what time he's supposed to be there tomorrow.
It's way past Tom's bed time.
That's the woman whose son was arrested yesterday in front of the school.
You didn't seem to be convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
It's good that Tom does that.
If there's a typhoon tomorrow, does that mean I don't have to go to work?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom had already done that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd spent the summer vacation.
It won't be easy to beat Tom.
I'd like to figure out how to deal with this problem as soon as possible.
You didn't really think Tom would like doing that, did you?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
It was lucky Tom didn't do that.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
You didn't really think Tom would have to do that, did you?
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do the same thing I needed to do.
It took Tom weeks to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
You didn't know that Tom was the one who did that, did you?
I thought Tom would be interested in the exhibit at the museum this week.
It looks like Tom is unhappy.
I don't let my children watch TV until after they've done their homework.
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that today, did you?
I think Tom wouldn't be absent if he knew how important this meeting was.
Is it true that Tom did that?
You didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that, did you?
What makes you think Tom would be interested in doing that?
You told Tom I didn't want to wait until October to do that, didn't you?
Is Tom going to sing tonight?
My shirt was soaked with sweat, so I took it off and put on another one.
We didn't know whether Tom would want to go with us or not.
You should probably tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
Is Tom determined to do that?
I'm not surprised that I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
The last time I saw Tom he was feeding pigeons in the park.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I'm sure Tom has to do that.
I was going to do that the day before yesterday, but I didn't have time.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to pick the children up at school today.
I've never met Tom's parents.
I should've done that yesterday, but since I didn't have time, I didn't.
It's up to you to decide whether or not Tom has to do that.
No matter how carefully I explain things, Tom never seems to understand.
I'm tired of waiting for Tom.
I didn't know whether I should stay a little longer or leave right away.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom stayed in Boston all winter.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would've advised him not to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be scared.
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that without my help.
I'm sure Tom won't be lonely.
The young boy playing the banjo in front of the train station was good.
I want to make sure we don't make the same mistake Tom did.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was going to do that with.
I'm sure Tom will be thirsty.
Thank you very much for the suggestion. I'll definitely think about it.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that without our help.
I think Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I'm sure Tom will be pleased.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I didn't think you could do it.
I thought Tom might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I suppose since Tom doesn't have any money, he won't be able to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be nervous.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same things you had to do.
I think Tom wouldn't be ready if you got there before 2:30.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you didn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be jealous.
I tried speaking French to them, but they didn't seem to understand me.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't want him to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you didn't have to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be curious.
I thought you said you wanted to know who was going to help me do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be tomorrow afternoon.
You knew that Tom told everyone he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
I'm sure Tom will be careful.
I spent a couple of hours sitting on a bench in the park feeding birds.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be through doing that.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without your help, didn't you?
I'm sure Tom will be annoyed.
I know I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be tempted to do that.
There's no reason Tom needs to know how much you bought your house for.
I'm positive Tom can do that.
I hope you remember that tomorrow is the day we're supposed to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be frightened by that.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without his help.
I'm not sure what Tom bought.
I didn't do well enough on the driver's test to get a driver's license.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be excited about that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I'm glad Tom is here to help.
You weren't able to get everything done that had to be done, were you?
I don't want to do anything that might hurt Tom's feelings.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I'll stay in Boston with Tom.
If you had asked for my advice, I would've advised you not to do that.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't want to.
I thought I should say something to Tom, but I didn't know what to say.
I'll help Tom clean his room.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't need to.
I think Tom wouldn't be so grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I'd never ask Tom to do that.
I don't want to wear the shirt that my mother gave me for my birthday.
I don't think Tom would be doing that if he didn't have to.
I think Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I wonder why Tom didn't do that.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
I don't think Tom will likely be able to do that very well.
I think Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I wonder if Tom will do that.
How often does you mother have you go to the supermarket to buy bread?
I don't think Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will think it's a good idea to do that.
I wonder if Tom will be late.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that by herself.
I didn't think Tom would be so difficult to get along with.
I didn't feel like explaining why I didn't want to go camping with Tom.
I wonder if Tom is unmarried.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that by herself.
I didn't think Tom was interested in learning how to drive.
I became sleepy while listening to Tom telling a story to the children.
I wonder if Tom is skeptical.
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
I didn't think I'd ever be able to convince Tom to do that.
Even though Tom and I go to the same school, I don't see him every day.
I wonder if Tom is satisfied.
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning, did you?
I didn't tell Tom about the job I'd been offered in Boston.
You knew that Tom was very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom is irritated.
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
I didn't read any of the messages Tom sent to me yesterday.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without any help, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom is incorrect.
When I was young, all the kids in the neighborhood used to fly kites.
I didn't know who Tom wanted to give the bottle of wine to.
You knew Tom was probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom is in Boston.
This morning's meeting was more interesting than I expected it to be.
I didn't know where I could buy a ticket for Tom's concert.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't want to do that.
I wonder if Tom is impressed.
If you have time this afternoon, why don't you come over for a while?
I didn't know what to do when Tom said he wouldn't help me.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is exhausted.
I'd rather wear a T-shirt that's too large than one that's too small.
I didn't know exactly what it was that Tom wanted me to do.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is depressed.
I wouldn't have asked you for help if I could've done that by myself.
I didn't know Tom and you used to be married to each other.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he shouldn't do that?
I wonder if Tom is dedicated.
I wouldn't be outside in this kind of weather if I didn't have to be.
I didn't have the time to do everything Tom asked me to do.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he needed to do that?
I wonder if Tom is dangerous.
I would've told you this before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I didn't expect Tom to be able to play the bassoon so well.
The old woman sitting in the passenger seat of Tom's car seemed crazy.
I wonder if Tom is confident.
I thought you'd be interested in the exhibit at the museum next week.
How many more years do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Probably the reason Tom can't go is because he doesn't have any money.
I won't force Tom to do that.
I didn't want to get into the water until the lifeguard went on duty.
How many more weeks do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him not to do that.
I wasn't the one who hit Tom.
I didn't know I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
How many more months will it take Tom to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it to him better.
I wasn't allowed to help Tom.
I didn't buy anything at that store because the prices were too high.
How many more months do you think Tom will want to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be back soon. He said he'd be gone for a long time.
I wasn't able to talk to Tom.
I asked Mary is she wanted to go to a party with me and she said yes.
How many more months do you think Tom will need to do that?
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do the same thing I had to do.
I wasn't able to protect Tom.
How many more years do you think it'll you take to finish doing that?
How many more months do you think Tom will have to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be so grumpy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I was on the same bus as Tom.
How many more years do you think it'll take you to finish doing that?
How many more hours do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be exhausted all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I wanted to help Tom do that.
Didn't you know there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I should probably tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
I wanted Tom to study French.
You used to do that when you were in junior high school, didn't you?
How many days do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I knew Tom would have to stay in Boston longer than he had planned to.
I want to tell Tom the truth.
You knew I was probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Boston when he was a kid?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I want to play golf with Tom.
We'll be in Boston for three more days and then we'll go to Chicago.
Didn't you know Tom and I used to be married to each other?
I didn't think Tom would be at home, but I knocked on his door anyway.
I want to meet Tom's parents.
There are several reasons why it wouldn't be a good idea to do that.
You told Tom I didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom why you're not going to do that, have you?
I want Tom to do that for us.
The food at that restaurant wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
You should've told Tom that he wasn't supposed to do that.
You should probably tell Tom that you can't do that without his help.
I want Tom to do that for me.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do the same thing you have to do.
You should probably tell Tom that you want him to do that.
You should at least tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that anymore.
I told Tom what I want to do.
I'll never be able to afford to buy the kind of house my wife wants.
You should probably not tell Tom that you want to do that.
You should at least tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
I told Tom I never said that.
I don't want to get into the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
You ought to tell Tom that you don't feel like doing that.
You didn't think Tom could do that in less than three hours, did you?
I thought Tom would be tired.
I didn't want to admit that I was the one who had broken the window.
You never told Tom about what I did that weekend, did you?
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't want to do that.
I thought Tom would be first.
How much more time do you estimate you'll need to finish doing that?
You know that Tom is still planning to do that, don't you?
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't need to do that.
I thought Tom would be early.
You know there's no way I can do that without some help, don't you?
You know it wasn't the first time Tom did that, don't you?
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom didn't have to do that.
I thought Tom would be alone.
You knew I might not be permitted to do that by myself, didn't you?
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that or not, did you?
I thought Tom wasn't worried.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't want to do that.
You didn't tell Tom why you wanted me to do that, did you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I thought Tom wasn't at home.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't need to do that.
You didn't really think Tom would let me do that, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he ought to do that?
I thought Tom was suspicious.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I didn't have to do that.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he needs to do that?
I thought Tom was interested.
You did know I was the one who was supposed to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom about what happened?
I thought Tom was frightened.
It's going to be very tough for me to do that if you don't help me.
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that by himself, did you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I thought Tom was downstairs.
I'm glad I didn't have to live in Boston for more than three years.
You didn't know Tom needed to do that by himself, did you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I thought Tom should do that.
I know I'm supposed to pay my rent on the first day of every month.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom doesn't do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I thought Tom seemed shocked.
I doubt seriously if I'll ever study French again after I graduate.
Why don't you let Tom know that you don't want to do that?
I think Tom would like to be outside playing with the other children.
I thought Tom seemed excited.
I don't go fishing very much anymore, but I used to go quite often.
Why don't you let Tom know that you don't need to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that in less than three hours.
I thought Tom looked shocked.
I didn't come to school yesterday because I had to go to a funeral.
Why don't you let Tom know that you don't have to do that?
I didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that by himself or not.
I thought Tom looked nervous.
I could stay in Boston for another week or two if you need me here.
We'll stay in Boston until Tom graduates from high school.
Don't forget to tell Tom what time he's supposed to be here tomorrow.
I think you've convinced Tom.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't think my parents would let me.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he should do that?
Didn't you know Tom wanted to stay in Boston for another three weeks?
I think helped Tom out a lot.
Don't you remember that tomorrow is when we're supposed to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he has to do that?
Didn't you know Tom used to live in a small apartment on Park Street?
I think Tom would be nervous.
Do you remember the title of that movie we saw together last month?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he had to do that?
You still haven't told Tom why you didn't want to do that, have you?
I think Tom would be jealous.
Boston is a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
Was it you who told Tom he wouldn't be allowed to do that?
You still haven't told Tom why you didn't need to do that, have you?
I think Tom would be curious.
About how many French restaurants do you think there are in Boston?
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about that.
You still haven't told Tom why you didn't have to do that, have you?
I think Tom won't be worried.
You knew I wouldn't be permitted to do that by myself, didn't you?
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I want to do that.
You should probably not tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
I think Tom won't be nervous.
You didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
The only one here who doesn't feel like doing that is Tom.
You should at least tell Tom that you don't want to do that anymore.
I think Tom won't be jealous.
You didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning, did you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
You should at least tell Tom that you don't need to do that anymore.
I think Tom will be truthful.
You didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Is it true that you and Tom are staying in the same hotel?
You should at least tell Tom that you don't have to do that anymore.
I think Tom will be stubborn.
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that yesterday, did you?
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have allowed Tom to do that.
You knew that Tom told everyone he was going to do that, didn't you?
I think Tom will be punctual.
You didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself, did you?
I'm sure Tom won't be bored. He enjoys this kind of thing.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
I think Tom will be obedient.
You can come to Boston and stay with me all winter if you want to.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I think Tom will be confused.
We have a post in the middle of our yard that we chain our dog to.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why we should do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I think Tom will be careless.
The last time I saw Mary she was holding a doll in her right hand.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why we had to do that.
You could at least tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
I think Tom wants to do that.
Someone threw a snowball at the policeman and he started shooting.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he wanted to do that.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would've advised him to do that.
I think Tom ought to do that.
It took me a little longer than it usually does to get here today.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he needed to do that.
I wish I hadn't spent so much money on the present I bought for Tom.
I think Tom needs to do that.
It probably wouldn't have been interesting to do that by yourself.
I was surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where the party was going to be.
I think Tom missed the train.
If you had asked for my advice, I would've advised you to do that.
I wanted Tom to do that, but he told me he wouldn't do it.
I told Tom that I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three weeks.
I think Tom might be nervous.
I've been coming to Boston every summer for the past thirty years.
I thought Tom would be able to do what we asked him to do.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell him why.
I think Tom might be jealous.
I'll be in Boston for three more days and then I'll go to Chicago.
I thought Tom was finished, but he told me that he wasn't.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
I think Tom may speak French.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I could've done it myself.
I thought Tom said he didn't know how to play the ukulele.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I think Tom is uncomfortable.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
I think Tom wouldn't still be awake at this time of night.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think Tom hasn't done that.
I had to stay in the hospital for three weeks after the operation.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested in something like that.
I think Tom wouldn't be grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think Tom can speak French.
I don't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
I think Tom would be lonely if he went camping by himself.
I think Tom probably isn't as good at doing that as you think he is.
I think I'll do that for Tom.
I don't know whether I can do that or not, but I'll give it a try.
I think Tom will be awake by the time breakfast is served.
I knew Tom didn't want to do that, but I wanted him to do it anyway.
I still haven't answered Tom.
I didn't sign the confession they were trying to force me to sign.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom gets here.
I knew I should say something to Tom, but I didn't know what to say.
I shouldn't have married Tom.
I didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.
I should probably not tell Tom that I know how to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I should tell Tom what to do.
I didn't have as much trouble getting a loan as I thought I would.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom has asked me to do.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I should tell Tom to do that.
I didn't have as much trouble falling asleep as I thought I would.
I just told Tom that he doesn't have to help me on Monday.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be awake at this time of night.
I should tell Tom I'm sleepy.
How many more months do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
I hope you told Tom that I was the one who had to do that.
I don't think Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I scolded Tom for doing that.
How many more days do you think it'll take to finish this project?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be back anytime soon.
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who'd do that kind of thing.
I needed to help Tom do that.
Did you know there used to be a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
I don't think Tom really had to do that yesterday morning.
I didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted me to buy for him.
I need to tell Tom the truth.
Could you check to see if there are any mistakes in this document?
I don't think Tom is the type of person who would do that.
I couldn't go to Boston with Tom because I didn't have enough money.
I need to talk to Tom myself.
You're the only person I know who's likely to be able to do that.
I don't know who Tom wants to give this bottle of wine to.
You've given up trying to persuade Tom not to do that, haven't you?
I like the way Tom does that.
You're the only person I know who doesn't like watching football.
I don't know where Tom wants to spend his summer vacation.
You've given up trying to convince Tom not to do that, haven't you?
I know why Tom is suspicious.
You knew I might not be allowed to do that by myself, didn't you?
I don't know Tom well enough to ask him to do that for me.
You've finally managed to persuade Tom not to do that, haven't you?
I know why Tom can't do that.
You didn't realize I wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
I don't have to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows.
You still haven't told Tom why you don't want to do that, have you?
I know what Tom needs to buy.
There are several reasons why it would be a good idea to do that.
I didn't wake Tom up and he slept for another three hours.
You still haven't told Tom why you don't need to do that, have you?
I know the man Tom came with.
Please make sure that you do that at least once every three days.
I didn't think Tom would be gone by the time we got there.
You still haven't told Tom why you don't have to do that, have you?
I know that Tom was offended.
It looks it might start raining, so you'd better not do that now.
I didn't tell Tom I wasn't planning on being at his party.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is unmarried.
If you'd been a little more careful, this wouldn't have happened.
I didn't realize Tom shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
You didn't realize Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
I know that Tom is terrified.
I've put on a lot of weight, so I can't wear these jeans anymore.
I didn't know whether Tom would come by car or by bicycle.
You didn't know whether Tom was good at doing that or not, did you?
I know that Tom is skeptical.
I was wondering if you'd like to go out and get something to eat.
I didn't know whether Tom would be able to do that or not.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I know that Tom is satisfied.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I didn't know where Tom was going for his summer vacation.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he should do that?
I know that Tom is reputable.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he has to do that?
I know that Tom is plastered.
I didn't think I would be able to pass the test without cheating.
I didn't know that Tom had intended to be there yesterday.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom he had to do that?
I know that Tom is perplexed.
I didn't know how to do that, but I was willing to give it a try.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that on his own.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he doesn't have to do that?
I know that Tom is paralyzed.
I didn't have as much trouble finding a job as I thought I would.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that by himself.
Just make sure you tell Tom what time the meeting's going to start.
I know that Tom is obstinate.
How many professional musicians do you think there are in Boston?
I didn't ask Tom who he was planning to go to Boston with.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
I know that Tom is observant.
How many more years do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How much more time do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would refuse to do that.
I know that Tom is obnoxious.
How many more weeks do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more years will it take Tom to finish doing that?
I think Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I know that Tom is motivated.
How many more hours do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
How many more years do you think Tom will want to do that?
I really should've told Tom not to stay in Boston for another week.
I know that Tom is irritated.
Do you mean that you didn't know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
How many more years do you think Tom will need to do that?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I know that Tom is intrigued.
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.
How many more years do you think Tom will have to do that?
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I know that Tom is incorrect.
You seem to be unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
How many more weeks will it take Tom to finish doing that?
I didn't talk Tom into doing anything he didn't already want to do.
I know that Tom is in Boston.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you why we should do that.
How many more weeks do you think Tom will want to do that?
I didn't know what to do when Tom said he wouldn't help me do that.
I know that Tom is impressed.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you why we had to do that.
How many more weeks do you think Tom will need to do that?
I didn't know how to ask Tom to leave without hurting his feelings.
I know that Tom is impatient.
You didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself, did you?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will have to do that?
I didn't have a chance to visit Tom that last time I was in Boston.
I know that Tom is exhausted.
We didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
How many more hours will it take Tom to finish doing that?
How many more days do you think Tom will need stay in the hospital?
I know that Tom is dishonest.
The most important thing for you to do now is to get some sleep.
How many more hours do you think Tom will want to do that?
Even though I was busy I talked with Tom for three hours yesterday.
I know that Tom is different.
My wife called to let me know she wasn't cooking dinner tonight.
How many more hours do you think Tom will need to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
I know that Tom is desperate.
It probably wouldn't have been dangerous to do that by yourself.
How many more hours do you think Tom will have to do that?
You told Tom I thought he wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is depressed.
I'd like to do that as often as I can while it's still possible.
How many more days do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you needed to do that.
I know that Tom is dangerous.
I wanted to do something that would make my parents proud of me.
How many months do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
You knew Tom was going to be mad at me for doing that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is courteous.
I thought you said you didn't to know how to play the harmonica.
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that for us?
You knew Tom told everyone he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
I know that Tom is confident.
I thought I should say something, but I didn't know what to say.
Didn't you know that Tom saw you in the park this morning?
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that by himself, did you?
I know that Tom is concerned.
I know I won't be able to do that, so I'm not even going to try.
You're probably the only person who can help Tom do that.
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to help me do that, did you?
I know that Tom is conceited.
I knew I needed to say something, but I didn't know what to say.
You'd be very disappointed if Tom did that, wouldn't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't need to do that?
I know that Tom is ambitious.
I just found out that you're going to be given an award tonight.
You weren't the one who advised Tom to do that, were you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he didn't have to do that?
I know quite a lot about Tom.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I couldn't do that.
You tried to convince Tom to quit doing that, didn't you?
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him to do that.
I know how to make Tom smile.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that by yourself.
You tried to convince Tom to do that for you, didn't you?
I'm probably the only person here who knows how old Tom really is.
I know how to make Tom happy.
I didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that.
You still don't know the reason why Tom did that, do you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
I know Tom wanted to do that.
I could've visited Boston, but decided to go to Chicago instead.
You should probably tell Tom you don't intend to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me where the picnic was going to be.
I know Tom shouldn't do that.
I can't remember the name of the girl I met last week in Boston.
You should probably not tell Tom you're going to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he'd spent three years in prison.
I know Tom shouldn't be here.
I can't go to Boston with you because I don't have enough money.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he had to do that.
I think Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I know Tom isn't that stupid.
How many more days do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
You know that Tom wasn't the one who did that, don't you?
I promised Tom I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three days.
I know Tom is doing that now.
You should come stay with us for a couple of weeks next summer.
You know that Tom doesn't know how to do that, don't you?
I hope you told Tom I didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
I know Tom has been arrested.
You knew that I wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
You know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that, don't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I hoped Tom wouldn't do that.
You knew that I was the only one who could do that, didn't you?
You knew how important doing that was to Tom, didn't you?
I don't think Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I hope that Tom will do that.
You didn't tell me you planned to wait until Monday to do that.
You knew Tom was unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
I don't care where Tom does that as long as he doesn't do it here.
I hope Tom will do that soon.
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
You knew Tom said he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
I didn't know what time I was supposed to meet Tom at the airport.
I hope Tom knows what to say.
Since you've finished all your chores, you can go out and play.
You haven't done that as many times as Tom has, have you?
I didn't buy the model airplane that Tom wanted me to buy for him.
I hope Tom knows what to buy.
It took me a little longer than it usually does to fall asleep.
You didn't tell Tom why I wanted him to do that, did you?
You still haven't told Tom why you're going to do that, have you?
I hope Tom isn't pessimistic.
It probably wouldn't have been possible to do that by yourself.
You didn't know that Tom expected me to do that, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he didn't want to do that.
I hope Tom isn't heartbroken.
If you aren't busy, perhaps you could help me do that tomorrow.
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that yesterday, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he didn't need to do that.
I hope Tom isn't embarrassed.
I'd intended to do that yesterday, but it rained so I couldn't.
You didn't know Tom thought I shouldn't do that, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he didn't have to do that.
I hope Tom isn't disobedient.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do what you had to do.
You didn't know Tom didn't have time to do that, did you?
You seemed surprised when Tom told me you didn't have to do that.
I hope Tom isn't discouraged.
I thought I'd broken my leg, but an X-ray showed that I hadn't.
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I didn't do that.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that before 2:30, didn't you?
I hope Tom is doing that now.
I realized I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
There was no chance that Tom was going to win that fight.
You don't think I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that, do you?
I hope Tom enjoys doing that.
I realize I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to close all the windows.
You didn't think Tom would be doing that this afternoon, did you?
I hope Tom doesn't get tired.
I just found out that you're supposed to be good at doing that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the first one to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he wanted to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't get bored.
I don't like being the one who always has to feed the chickens.
I wonder if Tom will be able to do that without any help.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he needed to do that.
I helped Tom out of the boat.
I didn't want to live in Boston anymore, so I moved to Chicago.
I wish Tom had told me that he wasn't going to the party.
You didn't know whether Tom was going to do that or not, did you?
I helped Tom clean the house.
I didn't want to admit that I was the one who broke the window.
I wanted to kiss Tom, but I didn't have the nerve to try.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the weather.
I helped Tom a lot with that.
I didn't recognize the person sitting across the table from me.
I told Tom I didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
The last time Tom gave a concert in Boston, only 300 people came.
I help Tom with his homework.
I didn't like French class very much when I was in high school.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
I got Tom to help me do that.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I thought Tom wasn't as cooperative as he should've been.
I told Tom that I didn't have enough time to get everything done.
I feel that Tom will do that.
I didn't have enough time to do everything that had to be done.
I think there's no point in trying to get Tom to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to be the one who did that for Tom.
I expect Tom to go to Boston.
I didn't have enough time to do everything that I wanted to do.
I should probably tell Tom I don't have to do that today.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would want to do that.
I doubt that Tom can do that.
I didn't get paid as much as I thought I was going to get paid.
I should probably not tell Tom I don't intend to do that.
I think doing that the way Tom suggested would be a lot more fun.
I doubt if Tom will be upset.
Didn't you know there was a good chance that this would happen?
I rented Tom's old house and lived there for three years.
I think Tom wouldn't likely to still be awake this late at night.
I doubt if Tom will be tired.
You weren't surprised that I wasn't able to do that, were you?
I pretended I didn't understand what Tom wanted me to do.
I think Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think he could help us.
I doubt if Tom will be ready.
You weren't surprised that I didn't want to do that, were you?
I know Tom didn't want to do that, but I think he had to.
I doubt if Tom will be first.
You weren't surprised that I didn't need to do that, were you?
I just told Tom that he didn't have to help me on Monday.
I should probably tell Tom that I can't do that without his help.
I doubt if Tom will be early.
You weren't surprised that I didn't have to do that, were you?
I don't think Tom would be afraid so something like this.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be up at this time of night.
I doubt if Tom will be drunk.
You were worried you wouldn't be able to do that, weren't you?
I don't think I should tell Tom that I'm going to Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be bored.
You knew it wasn't the first time I had done that, didn't you?
I didn't want to tell Tom how much money I lost gambling.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be alone.
You knew I might be required to do that by myself, didn't you?
I didn't think Tom would be busy, so I went to visit him.
I don't think Tom would be late unless he had a very good reason.
I doubt Tom would lie to you.
You didn't seem to be aware that you were supposed to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be amused by what was happening.
I don't think Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
I don't write to Tom anymore.
You didn't seem to be aware that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what we'd be discussing at the meeting.
I don't think I'd be interested in buying any of Tom's paintings.
I don't want to sit with Tom.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I wanted to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what the meeting was going to be about.
I don't think I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't want Tom to buy that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you I needed to do that.
I didn't know why Tom wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
I don't always get up early, but I always get up before Tom does.
I don't visit Tom very often.
You didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
I didn't know where Tom was going to be in the afternoon.
I didn't tell Tom that I planned to wait until Monday to do that.
I don't trust Tom any longer.
You didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that, did you?
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to plant the marigolds.
I didn't know how to do that, so I asked Tom to tell show me how.
I don't think Tom is worried.
Including me, there are thirty people working on this project.
I didn't know what Tom's reasons for not doing that were.
I didn't believe that Tom had anything to do with the kidnapping.
I don't think Tom is unlucky.
If you like, you can use milk instead of water in this recipe.
I didn't know that Tom had intended to do that yesterday.
You should probably tell Tom that you don't want him to do that.
I don't think Tom is thirsty.
I'm getting a little tired of eating the same thing every day.
I didn't know that Tom had broken up with his girlfriend.
You should probably tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom is strange.
I'm better prepared this time, so I should be able to do that.
I didn't know that I couldn't do what Tom asked me to do.
You don't seem to understand why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom is serious.
I'll leave my porch light on, so you can easily find my house.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that next week.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom is retired.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after having drunk so much.
I didn't have to tell Tom about what happened, but I did.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom is outside.
I want to know if you're planning to come to my party tonight.
I didn't have a chance to visit Tom when I was in Boston.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom needed to do that.
I don't think Tom is nervous.
I want to help, but I'm too busy doing other things right now.
How much more time do you think Tom will need to do that?
You didn't realize that Tom didn't know how to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom is married.
I thought I'd stay in Boston for a couple of weeks in October.
How much more time do you think Tom will have to do that?
You didn't know Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom is jealous.
I think it's important to listen to both sides of an argument.
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that by himself, did you?
I don't think Tom is engaged.
I need to get rid of a lot of things that I don't use anymore.
How many more days will it take Tom to finish doing that?
When we were teenagers, I didn't like Tom and he didn't like me.
I don't think Tom is correct.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
How many more days do you think Tom will want to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom not to do that?
I don't think Tom is annoyed.
I guess I should've expected something like this might happen.
How many more days do you think Tom will need to do that?
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom is adopted.
I don't care that my car is the oldest one in the parking lot.
How many more days do you think Tom will have to do that?
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
I don't plan to wait for Tom.
I didn't have time to answer all of the questions on the exam.
How many hours do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be forgiven if he did something like that.
I don't let Tom play outside.
How much more time do you think you need to finish doing that?
Even though it's raining, Tom rode his bicycle to school.
I'm sure Tom won't be inside on a beautiful afternoon like this.
I don't let Tom drive my car.
How many of your high school teacher's names can you remember?
Even though Tom said he could do that, he wasn't able to.
I'm sure Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30 this afternoon.
I don't know where Tom lived.
How long will it take for you to make sandwiches for everyone?
Didn't you know that Tom said he wasn't going to do that?
I want to make absolutely sure that Tom really wants to do that.
I don't know what Tom bought.
Don't wait up for me. I won't be home until very late tonight.
Did you know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that by myself.
I don't know how tall Tom is.
Don't sign the contract until you have your lawyer look at it.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom hasn't stopped doing that.
I think Tom would be confused if you explain it to him that way.
I don't know how rich Tom is.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she needs to do that this week.
Could Tom stay in Boston with you for a couple of months?
I think Tom probably isn't as good at French as you think he is.
I don't care where Tom works.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that before 2:30.
You're the one who persuaded Tom to do that, aren't you?
I should probably not tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
I don't care how Tom dresses.
Didn't you know there was a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
You'd stop doing that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
I know that Tom is looking for something, but I don't know what.
I don't believe Tom did that.
Did you know there are some broken bottles on your back porch?
You'd do that for Tom if he wanted you to, wouldn't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will do what you want him to do.
I didn't want to go with Tom.
"Are you going to do that today?" "No, I'll do that tomorrow."
You weren't the one who wanted Tom to do that, were you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I didn't think Tom was upset.
You'll be finished doing that by the end of the week, I hope.
You were expecting Tom to help you do that, weren't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I didn't think Tom was tired.
You'd be very disappointed if I didn't do that, wouldn't you?
You tried to discourage Tom from doing that, didn't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I didn't think Tom was right.
You won't know whether you can do that or not unless you try.
You think we shouldn't permit Tom to do that, don't you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be excused from doing that.
I didn't think Tom was ready.
You still haven't learned how to do that correctly, have you?
You still haven't forgiven Tom for doing that, have you?
I don't think Tom has been doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I didn't think Tom was drunk.
You don't seem to have the confidence to do that by yourself.
You should've told Tom why it was a bad idea to do that.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite him.
I didn't think Tom was broke.
You don't have to do that, but it would be better if you did.
You should probably tell Tom he doesn't need to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want him to go to Boston with me.
I didn't think Tom was bored.
You didn't think I'd be finished doing that by 2:30, did you?
You should probably not tell Tom that you can't do that.
I didn't know whether Tom wanted to go to Boston with me or not.
I didn't think Tom was awake.
You didn't know that I didn't have to do that today, did you?
You might've been able to do that if Tom had helped you.
I didn't know if Tom would be able to do that by himself or not.
I didn't think Tom was alone.
You didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself, did you?
You know that Tom isn't the one who did that, don't you?
I didn't know Tom didn't have enough money to pay all his bills.
I didn't tell Tom what to do.
We abandoned the project because we didn't have enough money.
You knew Tom didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
How did you know Tom was going to be released from prison today?
I didn't tell Tom to do that.
The woman sitting next to me on the plane was very talkative.
You don't really expect Tom to be at your party, do you?
Don't forget to tell Tom what time the meeting's going to start.
I didn't tell Tom I was busy.
The passengers with injuries were taken to a nearby hospital.
You didn't tell Tom I didn't intend to do that, did you?
Do you believe that there's a possibility that Tom will do that?
I didn't recognize Tom's dog.
The last thing I remember was the sound of someone behind me.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom wanted to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to attend today's meeting?
I didn't recognize Tom's car.
Speaking only in French all day was a good experience for me.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom needed to do that.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like sports at all when he was a kid?
I didn't know where Tom went.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that when I was your age.
You didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
You've given up trying to persuade Tom to do that, haven't you?
I didn't know what Tom meant.
If I'd been there, I would've suggested doing something else.
You didn't know why Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
You've given up trying to convince Tom to do that, haven't you?
I didn't know Tom was a twin.
I'm getting a little tired of doing the same thing every day.
You didn't know why Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
You still haven't told Tom why you wanted to do that, have you?
I didn't have to go with Tom.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after I had drunk so much.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
You still haven't told Tom why you needed to do that, have you?
I didn't give Tom any choice.
I understand a little French, but I can't speak it very well.
You didn't know Tom was going to do that today, did you?
You still have no idea why Tom doesn't want to do that, do you?
I didn't give Tom any advice.
I thought you said you wanted to do that as soon as possible.
You didn't know Tom had never done that before, did you?
You should tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
I didn't follow Tom's advice.
I thought you said you wanted to be the first one to do that.
Who told you Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself?
You seemed surprised when Tom told you that you had to do that.
I didn't call Tom last night.
I thought you said you didn't know how to play the saxophone.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I want to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I can't do that, but Tom can.
I think we would be able to do that without making any noise.
There's no chance that Tom will ever be able to do that.
You knew that Tom wouldn't want to stop doing that, didn't you?
How often do you talk to Tom?
I think it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom should've done that.
You knew Tom told everyone he was going to do that, didn't you?
How often do you go to Tom's?
I realize I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
Since the weather was good, Tom and I went to the beach.
You didn't think Tom would want to do that by himself, did you?
How many cookies did Tom eat?
I realize I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
It would've been safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
You didn't tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that, did you?
How long was Tom at the park?
I realize I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
If it had rained yesterday, Tom wouldn't have done that.
Why did you tell Tom I planned to wait until Monday to do that?
Has Tom ever lived in Boston?
I knew I should say something, but I didn't know what to say.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the next one to do that.
We don't have to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows how.
Everyone did that except Tom.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be the last one to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the smell.
Even Tom was speaking French.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
I'm quite sure Tom doesn't have any relatives in Boston.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the noise.
Don't you feel sorry for Tom?
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that as well as you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has no intention of doing that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be arrested for doing that.
Does Tom wish to do that now?
I don't like being the one who always has to wash the dishes.
I'm fairly certain that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
If Tom did that yesterday, he probably won't do it again today.
Does Tom want to do that now?
I don't know who I should ask to help me figure out my taxes.
I wouldn't have visited Boston if Tom hadn't told me to.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be the one responsible for what happened.
Do you think Tom was helpful?
I don't care where we do that as long as we don't do it here.
I wouldn't have gone to Boston if Tom hadn't told me to.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do what I had to do.
Do you think Tom is friendly?
I didn't know that you were the one who wanted us to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would need our help.
Do you know why Tom was late?
I didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I think Tom would be embarrassed if he did something like that.
Didn't you know Tom was rich?
I didn't know how to answer any of the questions on the test.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I pretended that I didn't know that Tom had stolen my computer.
Did you know Tom was married?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted to buy.
I wasn't the first one to volunteer to help Tom do that.
I made a list of places I wanted to visit and showed it to Tom.
Did Tom used to be a teacher?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed to buy.
I was willing to do that, but Tom said I didn't need to.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
Ask Tom what he wants to eat.
I did that this morning so I wouldn't have to do it tomorrow.
I was willing to do that, but Tom said I didn't have to.
I didn't want to admit that Tom was right and that I was wrong.
Ask Tom if he has to do that.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends back in Boston.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with us.
I didn't know who Tom had decided to give his old saxophone to.
You're a lot older than Tom.
How much more time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I want to know when you're going to tell Tom about that.
I didn't know the reason why Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
You work for Tom, don't you?
Have you decided where you're going for your summer vacation?
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
I didn't have to tell Tom to do that. He'd have done it anyway.
You usually do that for Tom.
Do you think you can do that without getting yourself killed?
I told Tom that I didn't know how to play the saxophone.
I didn't have to tell Tom about what happened. He already knew.
You tripped Tom, didn't you?
Do you sometimes get in trouble with your teachers at school?
I told Tom some things about Boston that he didn't know.
Did you know that Tom isn't planning to attend today's meeting?
You stabbed Tom, didn't you?
You're the only one who seems to know what needs to be done.
I thought it was really nice of you to buy that for Tom.
You should probably tell Tom he doesn't have to do that today.
You spit on Tom, didn't you?
You look a lot more like your father than your brother does.
I thought Tom would be more difficult to get along with.
You should probably not tell Tom that you know how to do that.
You slapped Tom, didn't you?
You knew I wouldn't have enough time to do that, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be interested in doing that with us.
You know that Tom is still living with his parents, don't you?
You scolded Tom, didn't you?
You don't seem to understand why you're supposed to do that.
I thought Tom might be interested in doing that with us.
You knew that Tom was unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
You punched Tom, didn't you?
You didn't think that you would be able to do that, did you?
I think you won't be able to do that without Tom's help.
You knew that Tom said he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
You invited Tom, didn't you?
You didn't think I'd be through doing that by 2:30, did you?
I think Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom was supposed to do that.
You do that faster than Tom.
You didn't think I was going to be able to do that, did you?
I think Tom would like to be present at today's meeting.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom told you he had to do that.
You cook for Tom, don't you?
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't need to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
You didn't know who Tom was planning to do that with, did you?
Will Tom come be here today?
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't have to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
You didn't know whether Tom wanted to do that or not, did you?
Will Tom be able to do that?
You didn't know you were supposed to do that today, did you?
I think Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
You didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that today, did you?
Why's Tom staying in Boston?
You didn't know that we were the ones who did that, did you?
I should've told Tom that he wasn't supposed to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the heat.
Why should Tom visit Boston?
This morning's meeting was shorter than I expected it to be.
I should probably not tell Tom that I intend to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the food.
Why should Tom go to Boston?
The teacher told me that I'm the worst student in the class.
I saw Tom walking in the park with a girl I didn't know.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained about the cold.
Why is Tom coming to Boston?
The movie was much better than I thought it was going to be.
I knew there was a chance that Tom would need some help.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I don't want to do that.
Why didn't Tom visit Boston?
It'll probably be impossible for you to do that by yourself.
I hope Tom wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
The largest fish Tom caught weighed just over three kilograms.
Why didn't Tom go to Boston?
It would probably not be interesting to do that by yourself.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be annoyed by that.
That's the woman I saw talking with Tom in the park yesterday.
Why did Tom want to do that?
It took me a more time than usual to fall asleep last night.
I don't yet know if Tom will go with me tomorrow or not.
If I'd known Tom was broke, I'd have offered to buy him lunch.
Why did Tom need to do that?
It started to rain as soon as we finished pitching the tent.
I don't want to tell Tom how much money I lost gambling.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Why did Tom do that for you?
If you had done that, there wouldn't have been any problems.
I don't think that Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
Who went to Boston with Tom?
I've been going to Boston every summer since I was thirteen.
I don't think that Tom was the one who stole my bicycle.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
When will Tom be doing that?
I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to say.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't want to be.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom what he needs to do.
When did Tom move to Boston?
I won't go outside in this kind of weather unless I have to.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't need to be.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that today.
When did Tom come to Boston?
I thought you said you wanted to be the next one to do that.
I don't think Tom would be here if he didn't have to be.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that again.
When I saw Tom I said hello.
I thought you said you wanted to be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I thought you said you're tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
What you did made Tom smile.
I thought you said you wanted to be excused from doing that.
I don't think Tom really knows how to do that very well.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that without help.
What you did made Tom laugh.
I think that what you're looking for is behind the cupboard.
I don't think I understand why Tom is trying to do that.
I think there's no point in trying to persuade Tom to do that.
What you did made Tom happy.
I think that buying a grand piano would be a waste of money.
I don't need to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
I think there's no point in trying to convince Tom to do that.
What did you tell Tom to do?
I suggest not staying in Boston any longer than you have to.
I don't like the music the kind of music Tom listens to.
I think it would be strange for Tom to do something like that.
What Tom will do is unclear.
I know I won't be able to do that if I don't have some help.
I don't know whether Tom will come by car or by bicycle.
I think Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it better.
Were you in Boston with Tom?
I know I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
I don't have to wash the car. Tom has already washed it.
I think Tom would get bored if you showed him all your photos.
We want Tom to sing with us.
I knew that what I was doing was wrong, but I did it anyway.
I don't have the faintest idea what Tom is trying to do.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
Was Tom wearing a seat belt?
I haven't taught French since I left Boston three years ago.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't know what to do.
I think Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
There's no way Tom did that.
I don't want any of my friends to know that I can't do that.
I didn't think Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think Tom is probably better at French than you think he is.
Tell Tom that we're leaving.
I didn't tell my parents that I had gotten an F on the test.
I didn't think Tom was glad that that's going to happen.
I think Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
Please tell Tom to be quiet.
I didn't tell anyone about what happened until I was thirty.
I didn't think I should do what Tom was asking me to do.
I think Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
Never buy anything from Tom.
I didn't know that you were going to be in Boston this week.
I didn't tell Tom that I was the one who had to do that.
Let's permit Tom to do that.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't have a driver's license.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
Let's go to Boston with Tom.
How many months will it take to finish building this bridge?
I didn't realize Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I don't think this is the first time Tom has tried to do that.
Let Tom watch what he wants.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that this week.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go to Boston with.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
Let Tom drink what he wants.
Doing that the way you're suggesting would be too expensive.
I didn't know who Tom thought was going to win the race.
I don't think Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
It's only Tom who does that.
Do you still enjoy watching baseball as much as you used to?
I didn't know whether to accept Tom's gift or refuse it.
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that. He already knows how.
It looks like Tom is crying.
Are we supposed to take off our shoes when we enter a house?
I didn't know whether Tom would agree to do that or not.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
Is Tom permitted to do that?
"Have you done that already?" "No, I haven't done that yet."
I didn't know whether Tom was good at doing that or not.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I've never seen Tom do that.
You're the only person I know who can play the French horn.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I didn't make it to the airport in time to say goodbye to Tom.
I'm sure Tom won't be tired.
You know I wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, don't you?
I didn't ask whether Tom was planning to do that or not.
I didn't know why Tom didn't need to do that until he told me.
I'm sure Tom won't be first.
You hope that you won't have to do that anymore, don't you?
How much time do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I didn't know why Tom didn't have to do that until he told me.
I'm sure Tom won't be early.
You don't have your parents' permission to do this, do you?
How many minutes do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
I didn't know that Tom would be cooking dinner for us tonight.
I'm sure Tom will be sleepy.
You didn't seem to be aware that I was supposed to do that.
How many days do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I didn't know that Tom was going to be at the party last week.
I'm sure Tom will be scared.
You didn't know we were supposed to do that today, did you?
Don't waste your time trying to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't have to pay Tom as much as I thought I would have to.
I'm sure Tom will be afraid.
You didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
Didn't you know Tom has several very valuable paintings?
You weren't really expecting Tom to do that for me, were you?
I'm sure Tom will be absent.
What's the main advantage of doing that the way you suggest?
Ask Tom if he plans to be at the meeting this afternoon.
You were the one who suggested that Tom do that, weren't you?
I'm sure Tom has to do that.
What part of the report do you think needs to be rewritten.
You weren't the one who asked Tom to do that, were you?
You tried to convince Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
I'm on the same team Tom is.
We won't be able to stay in Boston as long as we wanted to.
You weren't able to teach Tom how to do that, were you?
You told Tom I thought it would be OK to do that, didn't you?
I'm not the same age as Tom.
We want you to come to Boston and stay with us next summer.
You weren't able to talk Tom into doing that, were you?
You told Tom I couldn't do that without his help, didn't you?
I'm not going Tom's concert.
This morning's meeting was longer than I expected it to be.
You told Tom I thought he couldn't do that, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom why you want to do that, have you?
I'm going over to Tom's now.
This kind of rain isn't that unusual for this time of year.
You told Tom I didn't feel like doing that, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom why he needs to do that, have you?
I'm Tom's ex-wife's husband.
Some of my friends think Boston isn't a safe place to live.
You think Tom could've done that on his own, don't you?
You should probably not tell Tom you don't intend to do that.
I'd like to see Tom do that.
Many people have asked me if I think Boston is a safe city.
You shouldn't have tried doing that without Tom's help.
You knew that Tom wasn't really going to do that, didn't you?
I'd expected Tom to do that.
It took me a little more time than usual to get here today.
You should tell Tom that you don't know how to do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
I wouldn't do that with Tom.
It probably wouldn't have been wise to do that by yourself.
You should probably tell Tom you won't do that anymore.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom was supposed to do that.
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.
It probably wouldn't have been safe to do that by yourself.
You should probably tell Tom you don't have to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when I told you Tom had to do that.
I wonder what Tom has to do.
It probably wouldn't have been easy to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you don't want to do that.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
I wonder what Tom had to do.
It probably wouldn't be interesting to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you don't need to do that.
We have to stay in Boston until Tom gets out of the hospital.
I wonder if Tom is ticklish.
It probably would've been dangerous to do that by yourself.
You should let Tom know that you don't have to do that.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he shouldn't do that?
I wonder if Tom is relieved.
I've heard that a baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
You know how important doing that is to Tom, don't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he needed to do that?
I wonder if Tom is reliable.
I've been told that we're not allowed to swim here anymore.
You knew that Tom wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
The most important thing for you to do now is to talk to Tom.
I wonder if Tom is mistaken.
I'm still driving the same car that my grandmother gave me.
You knew Tom didn't really want to do that, didn't you?
That wasn't the only reason why Tom shouldn't have done that.
I wonder if Tom is innocent.
I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're trying to do.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Is it true that Tom won't be at the meeting tomorrow morning?
I wonder if Tom is homesick.
I'm feeling a little bit better today than I was yesterday.
You have no idea why Tom wanted you to stop doing that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is finished.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
You had no idea when Tom was going to do that, did you?
I was finished doing that by the time Tom offered to help me.
I wonder if Tom is confused.
I was able to do that better than I thought I'd be able to.
You don't think Tom wants to do that right now, do you?
I thought you said you wanted Tom to show you how to do that.
I wonder if Tom is artistic.
I thought you said you've only done that about three times.
You don't really think that Tom should do that, do you?
I thought Tom was going to be able to meet me at the airport.
I wonder if Tom can do that.
I think doing that will take longer than you think it will.
You didn't think Tom would be doing that here, did you?
I think Tom won't be interested in buying any of these books.
I won't tell Tom what to do.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
You didn't think Tom would be able to do that, did you?
I think Tom wants to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I won't tell Tom to do that.
I realized I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
You didn't think Tom was the one who did that, did you?
I think Tom is probably better at chess than you think he is.
I won't do that without Tom.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
You didn't think Tom could do that by himself, did you?
I should tell Tom that he should do that as soon as possible.
I wish Tom wasn't mad at me.
I hope we can figure out what to do about that pretty soon.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom wanted to do that.
I noticed that there was a picture of Tom on the mantelpiece.
I wasn't ready, but Tom was.
I hope I don't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom shouldn't do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I wasn't able to rescue Tom.
I don't care who does the job as long as the job gets done.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom needed to do that.
I don't think there's any need for Tom to attend the meeting.
I warned Tom not to do that.
I didn't realize how important it was to be at the meeting.
You didn't realize that Tom wanted to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom would be worried about something like that.
I wanted to see Tom do that.
I didn't read the instructions as carefully as I should've.
You didn't know Tom had to do that by himself, did you?
I don't think Tom will ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I want to talk to Tom again.
I didn't learn how to play the guitar until I was thirteen.
You did that the way Tom told you to do it, didn't you?
I don't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday morning.
I want to break up with Tom.
I didn't have time to answer all the questions on the test.
Who told you Tom didn't want to go skin diving with us?
I didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help me do that.
I want to be married to Tom.
I didn't have enough time to finish my homework last night.
When was the last time you told Tom that you loved him?
I didn't know the reason why Tom couldn't go camping with us.
I waited for Tom to do that.
I didn't find the word I was looking for in the dictionary.
We've been asked not to say anything to Tom about this.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
I told Tom that I'd do that.
I didn't eat all of ice cream. There's still a little left.
We don't have to tell Tom what to do. He already knows.
I didn't hitchhike home, even though I told Tom that I would.
I thought that Tom did that.
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom not to do that?
How much more time do you estimate it'll take Tom to do that?
I thought Tom would help us.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
There's no reason Tom has to know why I didn't do that.
How many months do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
I thought Tom would do that.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
The police said they thought Tom had died Monday night.
Don't forget that Tom is coming over for dinner this evening.
I thought Tom would be late.
Doing that was more interesting than I thought it would be.
The only one here who doesn't regret doing that is Tom.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Boston this week?
I thought Tom would be last.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to worry about that?
Please try to find out why Tom did that the way he did.
Are you the one who helped Tom hang that picture on the wall?
I thought Tom wasn't scared.
Did you know there was a Chinese restaurant on Park Street?
Please tell Tom he needs to do that sometime this week.
You're the one who persuaded Tom not to do that, aren't you?
I thought Tom wasn't afraid.
You're the only person in the office who can speak French.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
You warned Tom what would happen if he did that, didn't you?
I thought Tom wasn't absent.
You're the only person I've ever really been in love with.
Maybe Tom doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he wanted to do that.
I thought Tom was terrified.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be having any fun.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
You seemed surprised when Tom told you he needed to do that.
I thought Tom was surprised.
You'd have to be very desperate to do something like that.
In addition to the saxophone, Tom plays the flute, too.
You seemed surprised when Tom told us why we should do that.
I thought Tom was miserable.
You wore glasses when you were in high school, didn't you?
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston anymore.
You seemed surprised when Tom told us why we had to do that.
I thought Tom was insincere.
You weren't the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be alone on Christmas Eve.
You never had any intention of letting Tom do that, did you?
I thought Tom was impressed.
You knew I wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom has overstepped his authority.
You need to be very talented to do that the way Tom does it.
I thought Tom was desperate.
You don't think I'll be able to do that by myself, do you?
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Boston with him.
You know that Tom can't do that as well as I can, don't you?
I thought Tom looked sleepy.
You don't seem to understand why I'm reluctant to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me why we should do that.
You knew that Tom wasn't going to do that today, didn't you?
I thought Tom looked lonely.
You didn't think I'd be the first one to do that, did you?
I was surprised when Tom told me why we had to do that.
You knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I thought Tom looked hungry.
You didn't think I'd be interested in doing that, did you?
I was surprised when Tom told me why he had to do that.
You knew Tom couldn't do that without your help, didn't you?
I thought Tom had done that.
You didn't seem to be aware that I didn't need to do that.
I want to make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
You knew Tom couldn't do that without some help, didn't you?
I think Tom would be scared.
You didn't seem to be aware that I didn't have to do that.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he never showed up.
You have to be very talented to do that the way Tom does it.
I think Tom would be biased.
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that, did you?
I told Tom I wouldn't do that unless he did it with me.
You forgot to ask Tom for permission to do that, didn't you?
I think Tom won't be scared.
What kind of things are we going to be doing at the party?
I thought you weren't supposed to be helping Tom today.
You don't seem to understand why Tom is supposed to do that.
I think Tom won't be lonely.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of owning a dog?
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
You don't seem to understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
I think Tom won't be afraid.
We put all our old furniture in the shed behind our house.
I thought Tom was going to ask someone else to do that.
You didn't think that Tom would be able to do that, did you?
I think Tom won't be absent.
We had to be in Boston for an important meeting last week.
I thought Tom was going to ask everyone not to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't want to do that.
I think Tom will be worried.
We didn't have enough time to do that yesterday afternoon.
I thought Tom might be permitted to do that by himself.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't need to do that.
I think Tom will be nervous.
There's just no way that we can finish doing that by 2:30.
I thought I'd never be able to convince Tom to do that.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't have to do that.
I think Tom will be jealous.
The man sitting on the park bench didn't seem to be awake.
I think Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
You didn't really think Tom would enjoy doing that, did you?
I think Tom will be furious.
The man sitting next to me on the train looked very tired.
I think Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
You didn't realize that Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
I think Tom will be careful.
That movie wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
I think Tom probably isn't as young as you think he is.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom to do that?
I think Tom was unimpressed.
Someone talked to me about this, but I don't remember who.
I think Tom lived in Boston when he was in high school.
We didn't know whether Tom would want to eat with us or not.
I think Tom never does that.
Mary is the only woman I've ever really been in love with.
I think Tom knows he's supposed to give a speech today.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he ought to do that?
I think Tom might get fired.
It's up to you to decide whether or not we should do that.
I think Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom he needs to do that?
I think Tom lives in Boston.
It probably wouldn't have been fun to do that by yourself.
I should've told Tom that he needed to be more careful.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom about what happened?
I think Tom is disappointed.
It probably wouldn't be impossible to do that by yourself.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't want to do that.
Was it you who told Tom he wouldn't be permitted to do that?
I think Tom is ambidextrous.
It looked like you were just about to jump into the water.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't need to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be fired for doing that.
I think Tom doesn't do that.
If you're going to do that tomorrow, let's do it together.
I should probably tell Tom why I don't have to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be fined for doing that.
I still have to talk to Tom.
If you have the time, could you come to my office at 2:30?
I never would've imagined Tom would be able to do that.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom ought to have done that.
I still have a crush on Tom.
If you ever feel like doing that, just go ahead and do it.
I might be permitted to do that if Tom does it with me.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom doesn't do that.
I stayed in Boston with Tom.
If you don't want to do that, you don't have to, you know.
I looked at the painting on the wall behind Tom's desk.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
I should've danced with Tom.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do what you have to do.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't know how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I should tell Tom the truth.
I'm not the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I immediately recognized Tom. He looks like his father.
It'll probably be impossible for Tom to do that by himself.
I should tell Tom I'm tired.
I'd rather use a crowbar than a hammer to open this crate.
I helped Tom because I wanted to, not because I had to.
It would be very efficient to do that the way Tom suggested.
I should tell Tom I'm sorry.
I'd never be able to afford to buy a house on Park Street.
I heard yesterday that Tom was in some kind of trouble.
It would be a lot more fun to do that the way Tom suggested.
I should ask Tom to do that.
I'd like to do that as much as possible while I still can.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home on Monday.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have permitted Tom to do that.
I saw Tom do that yesterday.
I wish I hadn't tried driving home after drinking so much.
I doubt that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be absent if he weren't terribly sick.
I saw Tom do that last week.
I was surprised when you told me I didn't have to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be present at the meeting tomorrow.
I'm sure Tom won't be present at tomorrow morning's meeting.
I never saw Tom on that day.
I was surprised to find out that I didn't need to do that.
I don't yet know if Tom will go camping with us or not.
I'm probably the only person here who knows where Tom lives.
I need to know where Tom is.
I was surprised to find out that I didn't have to do that.
I don't think we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is the only one who has to do that.
I know why Tom is terrified.
I thought you said you were looking forward to doing that.
I don't think Tom could've done that without some help.
I wonder why Tom is pretending he doesn't understand French.
I know why Tom is surprised.
I know I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I don't think I'll be able to talk Tom into doing that.
I wish I'd spent more money on the present I bought for Tom.
I know why Tom is in Boston.
I know I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't like speaking in French and Tom doesn't either.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that with you.
I know why Tom got confused.
I know I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Boston with him.
I was through doing that by the time Tom offered to help me.
I know who killed Tom's dog.
I get the feeling that I'm the only one who can't do that.
I don't know who Tom thought was going to win the race.
Tom Jackson said in a TV interview Monday that he didn't think his team would win another game this season.
I know where Tom is staying.
I don't think we should do that the way you're suggesting.
I don't know whether Tom is younger or older than I am.
Tom Jackson said in a telephone interview that he was confident that his team would win the series.
I know what Tom wants to do.
I don't think I'll be able to finish doing this by myself.
I don't know whether I should go to Tom's party or not.
Tom didn't know his parents because they both died in a traffic accident when he was still a baby.
I know what Tom needs to do.
I don't see how I can do everything I've been asked to do.
I didn't think Tom would be up so early in the morning.
Tom said nothing would make him happier than to spend the summer in Boston with his grandparents.
I know that Tom is unafraid.
I don't need to go to school next week if I don't want to.
I didn't think Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I recognized each other immediately even though we hadn't seen each other in a long time.
I know that Tom is ticklish.
I don't like to wait till the last minute to do something.
I didn't think Tom would be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he left early because his wife had called and there was some kind of emergency at home.
I know that Tom is thrilled.
I don't like being the one who always has to milk the cow.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid of such a small dog.
Tom is married now, so he can't go drinking every weekend with his friends the way he used to.
I know that Tom is talented.
I don't have to go to school next week if I don't want to.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that by himself.
Tom saw his name written on the blackboard and wondered why the teacher had written it there.
I know that Tom is stubborn.
I didn't want to get married, but my parents forced me to.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
Tom is married now, so he can't go drinking every weekend with his friends like he used to.
I know that Tom is stranded.
I didn't want anyone to see my painting until it was done.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go swimming with.
Tom said that my parents wouldn't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
I know that Tom is relieved.
I didn't think there was any reason why we had to do that.
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to put his suitcases.
Tom Jackson said in an interview in Boston that he was going to retire after this season.
I know that Tom is reliable.
I didn't think that it would take so long time to do that.
I didn't know what Tom was going to make for breakfast.
Tom Jackson said in a recent phone interview that he wouldn't be playing in today's game.
I know that Tom is reckless.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to sleeping on the floor.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to help us do that.
Tom says that my parents won't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
I know that Tom is prepared.
I didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to go to Australia.
Tom said three of his chickens were dead when he went out to collect eggs this morning.
I know that Tom is outraged.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't know that Tom was a still high school student.
Tom said that my parents won't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
I know that Tom is obedient.
I didn't know that you were the one who wanted to do that.
I didn't know Tom shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom could've been present at today's meeting, but he didn't want to be, so he wasn't.
I know that Tom is mistaken.
I didn't know that what we were doing was against the law.
I didn't have to tell Tom twice what needed to be done.
Tom could've become an excellent surgeon, but instead became a mediocre psychologist.
I know that Tom is insecure.
I didn't know how to do that, but I tried to do it anyway.
I didn't have to say anything. Tom did all the talking.
Tom thinks that if he had done that earlier, he could've avoided a lot of problems.
I know that Tom is innocent.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that before I got here.
I didn't have Tom's phone number, so I didn't call him.
Tom said he was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
I know that Tom is homesick.
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I had to buy.
I didn't change my plans, even though Tom wanted me to.
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying a couple of kids at school.
I know that Tom is homeless.
I didn't find out I had been adopted until I was thirteen.
I can't remember what Tom told me I was supposed to do.
Tom opened his eyes and didn't immediately realize that he was in a hospital room.
I know that Tom is handsome.
I could hear the sound of a car pulling into the driveway.
How much time do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
Tom isn't patient enough to do something like that that requires so much patience.
I know that Tom is friendly.
I could hear children playing in the apartment above mine.
How many months do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but I don't think he was.
I know that Tom is famished.
How much more time do you think it'll take you to do that?
Even though I told Tom he needed to do that, he didn't.
Tom and three other students are staying after school to help clean the classroom.
I know that Tom is divorced.
How much more time do you estimate you'll need to do that?
Doing that the way Tom suggested wouldn't take as long.
Tom will likely be depressed when he sees how much paperwork remains to be done.
I know that Tom is diabetic.
How many more years will it take you to finish doing that?
Doing that the way Tom suggested wouldn't cost as much.
Tom just called me to tell me he'd be late because he's caught in a traffic jam.
I know that Tom is creative.
How many months do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
Do you think Tom would still be able to do that for us?
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
I know that Tom is confused.
How did you know what time the meeting was going to start?
Do you think Tom could do that without getting injured?
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we have to ask someone to help him.
I know that Tom is bluffing.
Don't forget that you have clothes in the washing machine.
Didn't you know that Tom is an extremely gifted artist?
Tom looked around the room to make sure that everything was where it should be.
I know that Tom is autistic.
Doing that wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be.
Didn't you know Tom was going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom isn't married to the same woman he was married to that last time I met him.
I know that Tom is artistic.
Do you think I'll get there in time if I go there by taxi?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like watching sports on TV?
Tom has been told to do that more than three times and he still hasn't done it.
I know that Tom is arrogant.
Do you still do that as many times a month as you used to?
You're the only one who seems to know why Tom is here.
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but we don't think so.
I know that Tom is annoying.
Didn't you know that you were supposed to help me do that?
You're not suggesting Tom could've done that, are you?
Tom and I usually talked to each other in French when we were college students.
I know Tom wants to do that.
"Have you already done that?" "Yes, I did that yesterday."
You're doing that because Tom told you to, aren't you?
Tom's teacher called to say that Tom has been bullying some of his classmates.
I know Tom needs to do that.
You're the only one who won't be at the meeting tomorrow.
You'd do that again if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
I know Tom has been injured.
You're the only one who can tell us what we need to know.
You weren't able to convince Tom to do that, were you?
Tom said his house was only about three miles from the school where he worked.
I knew Tom would be shocked.
You wouldn't be very interested in doing that, would you?
You told Tom I didn't know how to do that, didn't you?
Tom is able to understand French fairly well, but he doesn't speak it so well.
I knew Tom would be annoyed.
You weren't the only one who wanted to do that, were you?
You told Tom I couldn't do that by myself, didn't you?
Tom could've been finished doing that by now if he hadn't wasted so much time.
I hope that Tom can do that.
You weren't the only one who needed to do that, were you?
You think that Tom is the one who did that, don't you?
Tom and I got to know each other in Boston when we were both college students.
I hope Tom knows what to do.
You weren't the first one to decide to do that, were you?
You think I could teach Tom how to do that, don't you?
Tom Jackson said in an interview yesterday that he thought his team would win.
I hope Tom isn't suspicious.
You weren't surprised that I wanted to do that, were you?
You think I could talk Tom into doing that, don't you?
Tom could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if he'd worked a little faster.
I hope Tom isn't prejudiced.
You weren't surprised that I needed to do that, were you?
You think I could stop Tom from doing that, don't you?
Tom says he and his friends stayed after school to help clean the classroom.
I hope Tom isn't handcuffed.
You weren't convinced that I needed to do that, were you?
You still don't know why Tom wants to do that, do you?
Tom might've been lonely, but even if he had been, he wouldn't have told us.
I hope Tom isn't frightened.
You thought I was going to do that yesterday, didn't you?
You still don't know why Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom says that he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
I hope Tom isn't downstairs.
You knew I was supposed to do that yesterday, didn't you?
You shouldn't have done that without Tom's permission.
Tom said that he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
I hope Tom isn't doing that.
You hope that you won't have to do that again, don't you?
You should've been able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom probably doesn't know that where he parked is reserved for police cars.
I hope Tom isn't displeased.
You didn't think I'd be the last one to do that, did you?
You should probably tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom said he regrets not studying French harder when he was in high school.
I hope Tom is in Boston now.
You didn't know you weren't supposed to do that, did you?
You know that Tom was the one who did that, don't you?
Tom is primarily the bass guitarist, but he sometimes sings backup vocals.
I helped Tom write an essay.
You didn't know that I was the one who did that, did you?
You know Tom isn't likely to do that today, don't you?
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where the party was going to be.
I helped Tom out of the car.
You didn't know that I had to do that by myself, did you?
You knew that Tom wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't live long enough to see his children graduate from high school.
I helped Tom move the piano.
You didn't know I was supposed to do that today, did you?
You hope I'm faster at doing that than Tom, don't you?
Tom would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have enough time.
I helped Tom move the couch.
You didn't know I was still planning to do that, did you?
You don't seem to understand why Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he'd do that for free if it didn't take longer than three hours.
I helped Tom get in the car.
You could've done that in a lot less time if you'd tried.
You didn't think Tom would forget to do that, did you?
Tom said he thought it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
I helped Tom get a job here.
While you're waiting, why don't you have a cup of coffee?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom hadn't done that.
Tom has come back to Boston every summer since he graduated from college.
I figured Tom could do that.
What's the difference between a bicycle and a motorcycle?
You didn't realize that Tom couldn't do that, did you?
Tom could've gotten home by Monday evening if he hadn't missed his plane.
I felt the same way Tom did.
What was the most interesting book that you've ever read?
You didn't realize I had to help Tom do that, did you?
Tom won't likely be awake until after everyone else has eaten breakfast.
I expect Tom to participate.
What should we do while we're waiting for that to happen?
You didn't know Tom thought I should do that, did you?
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Boston and how long you'll be there.
I drove Tom to the hospital.
What kinds of things do you like to do with your friends?
You didn't ask Tom for permission to do that, did you?
Tom says he thinks it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
I doubt if Tom will do that.
What kinds of things do you like to do in your free time?
Why did you tell Tom I didn't have to do that anymore?
Tom said it was time to start thinking about how we're going to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be last.
We've spoken French together since the first time we met.
Who told you Tom wouldn't want to go swimming with us?
Tom said he wouldn't have done that if he'd thought it wasn't necessary.
I doubt if Tom will be here.
We've already decided that we'll go to Boston in October.
What makes you think that I don't want Tom to do that?
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
I don't want Tom to kiss me.
We might not stay in Boston as long as we had planned to.
What do you think Tom would've done in that situation?
Tom probably hasn't figured out yet that he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom is stupid.
We invited 30 people to our party. However, only 13 came.
Were you with Tom when he slipped and fell on the ice?
Tom isn't likely to be finished doing that before Monday afternoon.
I don't think Tom is strong.
We don't usually get a lot of visitors this time of year.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Tom glanced at his watch and was surprised that it was already midnight.
I don't think Tom is strict.
We could come to Boston next weekend if you'd like us to.
There's no chance that Tom will ever get here on time.
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but I doubt it.
I don't think Tom is stingy.
Unfortunately, I was busy yesterday and couldn't do that.
The only one here who doesn't enjoy doing that is Tom.
Tom wouldn't have done that unless it hadn't been absolutely necessary.
I don't think Tom is sleepy.
This book wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
The doctor said that Tom could die from the infection.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could've done it by himself.
I don't think Tom is skinny.
There are several good reasons why you shouldn't do that.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that if he didn't have some help.
I don't think Tom is single.
That wine wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom needed to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he would be able to do that without our help.
I don't think Tom is scared.
Pick as many apples as you want and put them in this box.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom could've been lonely, but even if he was, he wouldn't have told us.
I don't think Tom is lonely.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me how to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
Tom and I run into each other at the supermarket several times a month.
I don't think Tom is honest.
My parents were murdered when I was only three years old.
It would be more fun to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom and I plan to get married as soon as we both graduate from college.
I don't think Tom is guilty.
My parents taught me to skate when I was three years old.
It would be better if Tom stayed with his grandmother.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he could've done it himself.
I don't think Tom is asleep.
It probably wouldn't be dangerous to do that by yourself.
Isn't there a chance that Tom is doing that right now?
Tom would like to do that, but unfortunately he doesn't have the time.
I don't think Tom is afraid.
If you did that yesterday, you don't need to do it today.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't have to be.
Tom will be grumpy all day, since he didn't get much sleep last night.
I don't think Tom is absent.
I've already spent three times as much money as you have.
I'm sure Tom won't be cold. He's wearing a heavy coat.
Tom turned off the living room light and went upstairs to his bedroom.
I don't think Tom does that.
I'll arrange to get that done before the end of the week.
I'm sure Tom wants to do that just as badly as you do.
Tom should be able to do something as simple as that without any help.
I don't like Tom's attitude.
I'd rather wear ugly clothes than wear no clothes at all.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom sat on a stool surround by his grandchildren sitting on the floor.
I don't like Tom doing that.
I skipped lunch because I didn't have enough time to eat.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom put all his money in the box and hid it in the back of his closet.
I don't know why Tom is sad.
I play soccer better than tennis, but I like tennis more.
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can't do that.
Tom just called me to tell me he'd be late because he has a flat tire.
I don't know what Tom needs.
I often ask questions that I already know the answers to.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to go to Boston.
Tom had his secretary buy his wife the birthday gift that he gave her.
I don't know what Tom meant.
I looked around for my glasses, but I couldn't find them.
I wonder if there's any possibility of Tom doing that.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
I don't know what Tom likes.
I liked studying French when I was a high school student.
I wish you hadn't told Tom that I knew how to do that.
Tom could've been interested, but he didn't seem to show any interest.
I don't help Tom very often.
I hope you can understand why I'm not willing to do that.
I wish I'd spent more money on the gift I gave to Tom.
Tom and I have been working on this project for the last three months.
I don't care what Tom wears.
I finished writing the article and sent it to the editor.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to teach you how to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him where the party was going to be.
I didn't want to let Tom go.
I expect all three of you to do the same thing I'm doing.
I went on doing that even though Tom asked me to stop.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't feel like doing that.
I didn't want to bother Tom.
I don't want to live in Boston for more than three years.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what had happened.
Tom said that he wasn't able to read anything without his glasses on.
I didn't want Tom to suffer.
I don't think we should do that the way you've suggested.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't show up.
Tom realized he wouldn't likely be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think Tom was last.
I don't think I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom works now.
Tom probably hasn't figured out yet that he won't be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom was here.
I don't think I can afford to buy the kind of car I want.
I told Tom that I thought we might be able to do that.
Tom probably doesn't have enough time to do that before he goes home.
I didn't think Tom was busy.
I don't like living in Boston and my wife doesn't either.
I told Tom that I thought he might be able to do that.
Tom has been accused of setting fire to one of the buildings he owns.
I didn't think Tom did that.
I don't have to get up as early tomorrow as I usually do.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that.
Tom and I study at the same university, but in different departments.
I didn't tell Tom your name.
I didn't want to admit that I didn't know how to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything pressing to do.
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.
I didn't tell Tom the truth.
I didn't think you'd be awake when I got home last night.
I told Tom I thought it would be dangerous to do that.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he didn't think you could.
I didn't tell Tom about you.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that without any help.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that with you.
Tom was the only other guy who said he was interested in doing that.
I didn't notice Tom leaving.
I didn't see anyone else waiting in front of the station.
Tom was one of the few people who escaped from the burning building.
I didn't intend to hurt Tom.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that this afternoon.
I thought Tom said he didn't know how use a chain saw.
Tom usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes he goes by bicycle.
I didn't help Tom very much.
I didn't do that because I didn't think it was necessary.
I thought Tom might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom thought he should say something, but he didn't know what to say.
I didn't get into Tom's car.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I would be able to.
I think you should try to persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom survived for three years on a small island in the Pacific Ocean.
I didn't eat lunch with Tom.
I couldn't go to the concert, because my mother was sick.
I think that perhaps Tom has forgotten how to do that.
Tom said the scenery was more beautiful than he thought it would be.
I can't wait to talk to Tom.
How much more time do you estimate it'll take to do that?
I think Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help John do that.
I can't tell Tom what to do.
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I think Tom would like nothing better than to do that.
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
I can't swim as well as Tom.
How many hours do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I think Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
Tom said he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
I can't swim as fast as Tom.
Have you made up your mind whether you'll do that or not?
I think Tom probably isn't as rich as you think he is.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that if he had some help.
I can't sing as well as Tom.
Has anyone ever accused you of being a pathological liar?
I still haven't told Tom why I'm not going to do that.
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I can tell Tom if I want to.
Didn't you know what time the meeting was going to start?
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that before she can go home.
I assumed Tom would do that.
"Is it OK if I don't do that?" "No, you have to do that."
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't need to do that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know who's living in the house next to his.
I asked Tom why he did that.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to want to be here.
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't have to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I asked Tom to speak French.
You're the one I want to spend the rest of my life with.
I should've told Tom why it was a bad idea to do that.
Tom may understand French fairly well, but doesn't speak it so well.
I already know what Tom did.
You're the first person who has ever offered to help me.
I should probably tell Tom that I want him to do that.
Tom knows he's supposed to pay his rent on the first of every month.
How will Tom come to Boston?
You're probably the only person who can help us do that.
I should probably not tell Tom that I want to do that.
Tom knew he needed to say something, but he didn't know what to say.
How often does Tom get sick?
You're probably the only person who can help me do that.
I reminded Tom that he needed to have his oil changed.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him figure out his taxes.
How is Tom coming to Boston?
You'd be disappointed if I didn't do that, wouldn't you?
I know I don't have to do anything Tom tells me to do.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he didn't need to do that.
Has Tom ever visited Boston?
You wouldn't have been able to do that without our help.
I just can't believe Tom would do something like that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he didn't have to do that.
Has Tom ever studied French?
You weren't the only one permitted to do that, were you?
I finally found the courage to ask Tom not to do that.
Tom didn't know how to do that, but he was willing to give it a try.
Has Tom ever gone to Boston?
You taught French for a few years in Boston, didn't you?
I feel sorry for Tom because he always has to do that.
Tom can understand French fairly well, but doesn't speak it so well.
Don't permit Tom to do that.
You suggested that we do that tomorrow instead of today.
I doubt if Tom would do that if he were in your shoes.
Tom and I've been discussing the situation for the past three hours.
Don't expect Tom to do that.
You should clean your room before your mother gets home.
I don't think Tom's French pronunciation is very good.
Tom would be here doing that now if he didn't have to be in Boston.
Does Tom work in Boston too?
You never expected to be able to do that again, did you?
I don't think Tom will have the time to do that today.
Tom said it was time to start thinking about what we needed to buy.
Does Tom still teach French?
You look like you're too tired to do anything right now.
I don't think Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said his house was only about three miles from where he worked.
Does Tom go to Boston often?
You look just like your father did when he was your age.
I don't think Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Tom said he wants to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Do you think Tom is serious?
You know I'm not supposed to do that anymore, don't you?
I don't think Tom is the kind of person who'd do that.
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Do you know why Tom was mad?
You know I'll never be able to do that again, don't you?
I don't think Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Do you know why Tom is late?
You haven't had many opportunities to do that, have you?
I don't need to tell Tom what to do. He already knows.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Did you know Tom was hungry?
You don't think I'll be the last one to do that, do you?
I don't know whether Tom will agree to do that or not.
Tom probably just didn't know what time he was supposed to be here.
Did you know Tom was asleep?
You don't know whether I need to do that or not, do you?
I don't know whether Tom is good at doing that or not.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he'll never be able to do that again.
Did Tom come to Boston well?
You didn't think I'd be doing that for so long, did you?
I don't believe that Tom would do something like that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
Can Tom really teach French?
You didn't think I was finished doing that yet, did you?
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom cry.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't want to do that.
Can I visit Boston with Tom?
You didn't like to do that when you were a kid, did you?
I didn't think Tom would be drunk so early in the day.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't need to do that.
Ask Tom what he wants to do.
You didn't know that I needed to do that today, did you?
I didn't tell Tom that what we were doing was illegal.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I didn't have to do that.
Ask Tom if he needs my help.
You didn't do that as much last month as you usually do.
I didn't really feel like going out drinking with Tom.
Tom could save himself a lot of trouble by just doing that himself.
"Who was there?" "Only Tom."
You broke your arm when you were a teenager, didn't you?
I didn't realize Tom was going to have to leave early.
Tom and I were very good friends when we were in elementary school.
You look a little like Tom.
You and I both know what'll happen if you don't do that.
I didn't notice Tom sitting by himself at the counter.
Tom will be going to the zoo with his children tomorrow afternoon.
You don't need to tell Tom.
Yesterday, I didn't wake up until late in the afternoon.
I didn't need to tell Tom what to do. He already knew.
Tom was afraid that people were going to say bad things about him.
You could see Tom tomorrow.
What kinds of TV programs do you watch with your family?
I didn't know why Tom needed to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books when he was in the hospital.
Would you buy that for Tom?
Were there any zebras in the zoo you went to last month?
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go fishing with.
Tom seemed to be very interested in everything that was happening.
Why's Tom coming to Boston?
We shouldn't let other people know that we've done that.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go camping with.
Tom says he doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Why won't Tom go to Boston?
We may need to be in Boston for longer than we expected.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at swimming or not.
Tom says he doesn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Why did Tom stay in Boston?
We could stay in Boston for a few more days if you like.
I didn't know whether Tom was going to do that or not.
Tom said this isn't the first time his license has been suspended.
Why did Tom do that to you?
Sometimes we speak French, but we usually speak English.
I didn't know whether Tom wanted me to do that or not.
Tom said that he wasn't able to read anything without his glasses.
Who went shopping with Tom?
Please don't come here by car. There's no place to park.
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to put his suitcase.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Who else did that with Tom?
My parents taught me to swim when I was three years old.
I didn't have to tell Tom why because he already knew.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Where did Tom study French?
Monday is the only day of the week that I don't do that.
I didn't expect Tom to finish his homework so quickly.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who needs to do that.
When does Tom walk his dog?
Maybe it wouldn't be interesting to do that by yourself.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to go to Boston with me.
Tom probably doesn't yet know how much time he'll have to do that.
When did Tom break his leg?
Mary and her husband are coming over for dinner tonight.
I already know that Tom doesn't plan to be here today.
Tom knows he isn't likely to finish painting his house in one day.
What you said made Tom mad.
Many people think that fast food is bad for your health.
I admitted to Tom that I didn't know what I was doing.
Tom isn't likely to be present at the meeting this afternoon.
What you said made Tom cry.
It would probably be interesting to do that by yourself.
How many years will it take Tom to finish high school?
Tom doesn't seem to have decided yet whether he'll do that or not.
What does Tom intend to do?
It took me a little more time than usual to fall asleep.
How many weeks do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom didn't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that.
What did you learn from Tom?
It took me a little longer than usual to get here today.
How many times do you think Tom will do that tomorrow?
Tom and I wanted to be together all the time when we were younger.
What color is Tom's jacket?
It probably wouldn't be possible to do that by yourself.
How many months do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom and I sat on the beach and talked to each other all afternoon.
We want Tom to sing for us.
It probably would've been unsafe to do that by yourself.
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom's three favorite things are chocolate, computers and guitars.
We didn't do that with Tom.
It looked like you were just about to jump off the dock.
How long do you think Tom has spent doing that so far?
Tom seems to be unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
Those are Tom's sunglasses.
It doesn't matter when you do that as long as you do it.
How did you know what time to meet Tom at the airport?
Tom says he doesn't believe you're really considering doing that.
They say that Tom did that.
If you're feeling bad, maybe you should go see a doctor.
Do you think Tom would be reluctant to do that for us?
Tom said there were still a lot of things that needed to be done.
These things belong to Tom.
If it hadn't been raining yesterday, I'd have done that.
Do you think Tom might be just a little too impatient?
Tom said the picnic wasn't as much fun as he thought it would be.
These glasses aren't Tom's.
I've found a pretty good new restaurant near the office.
Do you think Tom could do that without getting killed?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't enjoy doing that.
These are Tom's sunglasses.
I'm the only one who can tell you what you need to know.
Do you think Tom can do that in less than three hours?
Tom said it was time to start thinking about what we need to buy.
That car is probably Tom's.
I'm not the only one who doesn't really want to be here.
Do you know anything about the movie Tom wants to see?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tell Tom to stay in Boston.
I'd understand it if you didn't want to do that with me.
Didn't you know that Tom and I often do that together?
Tom said he knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tell Tom to get here early.
I'd be very disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
Didn't you know Tom was still living with his parents?
Tom probably doesn't have enough time to finish doing that today.
Tell Tom to come to Boston.
I wouldn't wear that ugly coat even if I were very cold.
Didn't you know Tom often wears a hat just like yours?
Tom knew he should say something, but he didn't know what to say.
Tell Tom he should do that.
I won't be able to move this bookcase without some help.
Did you tell Tom I didn't want him to do that anymore?
Tom is the only person I know who's likely to be able to do that.
Tell Tom he has to do that.
I wish you would stay in Boston for another week or two.
Did you know that Tom said he wasn't going to do that?
Tom is the only person I know who doesn't like watching football.
Tell Tom I need to do that.
I wanted to go to Boston, but my father wouldn't let me.
Did you know that Tom lived in Boston for three years?
Tom has been accused of setting fire to one of his own buildings.
Shouldn't Tom go to Boston?
I wanted to go outside and play with the other children.
Are you going to let Tom leave without saying goodbye?
Tom either wears a gray suit or dark blue suit to work every day.
Possibly Tom won't do that.
I wanted to do that last week, but didn't have the time.
All three of Tom's brothers have spent time in prison.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to wash the dishes.
Please tell Tom to do that.
I want to know who you gave your old washing machine to.
You'll try to persuade Tom not to do that, won't you?
Tom didn't start playing the violin until he was thirty year old.
Perhaps Tom won't buy that.
I want to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
You'll try to convince Tom not to do that, won't you?
Tom didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
My office is next to Tom's.
I thought I was going to make a lot of money doing that.
You'll help Tom do that if he asks you to, won't you?
Tom and I lived in the same apartment building for several years.
Maybe Tom wants to do that.
I thought I was going to earn a lot of money doing that.
You'd never do that the way Tom suggested, would you?
Tom and I go fishing together almost every weekend in the summer.
Maybe Tom can teach French.
I think it would be safe for you to do that by yourself.
You weren't the one who helped Tom do that, were you?
Tom will be very disappointed if doesn't pass his driver's test.
Maybe Tom can speak French.
I still have to go to Boston three more times this year.
You were the one who helped Tom do that, weren't you?
Tom used to do that quite often, but he doesn't do that anymore.
Let Tom read what he wants.
I get the feeling that I'm the only one who can do that.
You tried to convince Tom not to do that, didn't you?
Tom told me that he was proud of his children's accomplishments.
Let Tom have what he wants.
I don't think we should do that the way your suggesting.
You think Tom wouldn't be able to do that, don't you?
Tom told me that he thought I might be interested in doing that.
It looks like Tom is tired.
I don't think that doing that would be such a good idea.
You should probably tell Tom you're going to do that.
Tom told me that I should be finished doing that by next Monday.
Is Tom afraid of something?
I don't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
You should probably tell Tom you won't do that again.
Tom shouldn't have hired a babysitter who couldn't speak French.
I've warned Tom about that.
I don't think I can do everything I've been asked to do.
You seemed surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.
I've helped Tom many times.
I don't like it when a woman wearing lipstick kisses me.
You seem to be trying to get Tom to help you do that.
Tom says he doesn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
I'm sure that Tom did that.
I don't know any girls who are more beautiful than Mary.
You never expected Tom to refuse to do that, did you?
Tom said that he's been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
I'm sure Tom would do that.
I don't get the chance to do that as often as I used to.
You know that Tom shouldn't be doing that, don't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't do that.
I don't feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning.
You know that Tom is the one who did that, don't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be home.
I didn't want to get married until I was in my thirties.
You know I wouldn't permit Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't like doing that.
I'm sure Tom will be upset.
I didn't want to come to Boston, but my parents made me.
You knew that Tom didn't want to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be tired.
I didn't notice I wasn't wearing my hat till I got home.
You knew that Tom didn't need to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that he doesn't think he could ever do that by himself.
I'm sure Tom will be ready.
I didn't know there was a prison so close to your house.
You knew that Tom didn't like doing that, didn't you?
Tom said he would've done that if he'd thought it was necessary.
I'm sure Tom will be early.
I didn't know it was possible to borrow that much money.
You knew that Tom didn't have to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
I'm sure Tom will be bored.
I didn't get paid as much as they told me they'd pay me.
You knew Tom couldn't do that by himself, didn't you?
Tom said he wasn't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing.
I'm sure Tom will be awake.
I didn't figure out how to do that until just yesterday.
You hope that Tom will be able to do that, don't you?
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
I'm sure Tom will be alone.
I didn't expect to sell my old guitar for so much money.
You haven't told Tom why I want to do that, have you?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
I'm not sure what Tom said.
I didn't do that yesterday because I had a bad headache.
You haven't told Tom why I need to do that, have you?
Tom said he thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
I'm glad that Tom did that.
I didn't begin to play the saxophone until I was thirty.
You haven't told Tom why I have to do that, have you?
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that anymore.
I'll visit Boston with Tom.
I could be in Boston next week if it's really necessary.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that again.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who has to do that.
I'll never stop loving Tom.
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
You didn't tell Tom why I wanted to do that, did you?
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.
I'd never buy that for Tom.
How much more time do you estimate is needed to do that?
You didn't tell Tom why I needed to do that, did you?
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I wouldn't do that for Tom.
How many times have I told you I'm not going to do that?
You didn't know Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
Tom said he knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
I wonder if Tom will be OK.
How many more years do you think you'll want to do that?
You didn't know Tom was supposed to do that, did you?
Tom said he knew he might not be permitted to do that at school.
I wonder if Tom is thirsty.
How many more years do you think you'll need to do that?
You didn't have Tom's permission to do that, did you?
Tom said he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that today.
I wonder if Tom is sincere.
How many more years do you think you'll have to do that?
You could go to Boston and spend the summer with Tom.
Tom probably doesn't know who's living in the house next to his.
I wonder if Tom is serious.
How many minutes do you think it'll take you to do that?
You asked Tom to show you how to do that, didn't you?
Tom probably doesn't know who he should ask to help him do that.
I wonder if Tom is puzzled.
How many days do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
Why did you tell Tom that I didn't intend to do that?
Tom plans to go to the post office while I'm in the supermarket.
I wonder if Tom is pleased.
Doing that the way you're suggesting would be dangerous.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know that he was rich.
Tom opened his eyes and realized that he was in a hospital room.
I wonder if Tom is outside.
Do you have a good relationship with your mother-in-law?
We have to cross a toll bridge to get to Tom's house.
Tom is still driving the same car he had when he was in college.
I wonder if Tom is nervous.
Did you know that we were supposed to do that yesterday?
This afternoon, I'll be at the hospital visiting Tom.
Tom invited me to stay a couple of weeks at his place in Boston.
I wonder if Tom is married.
Your gate was locked, so I thought you weren't at home.
The police said they wouldn't stop searching for Tom.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he isn't supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is jealous.
You're the only person I know who can probably do that.
The only one here who doesn't want to do that is Tom.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he wasn't supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is healthy.
You're the only one who volunteered to help us do that.
The only one here who doesn't need to do that is Tom.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why we should do that.
I wonder if Tom is excited.
You're likely the only person who knows how to do that.
The only one here who doesn't like doing that is Tom.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why we had to do that.
I wonder if Tom is curious.
You were a waiter when you were a student, weren't you?
The only one here who doesn't have to do that is Tom.
Tom didn't know that he was the one who was supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is correct.
You never thought you'd need to do that again, did you?
The last time Tom went to Boston was three years ago.
Tom didn't know how much money he would need for a down payment.
I wonder if Tom is bipolar.
You never thought you'd have to do that again, did you?
The first time Tom did that was when he was thirteen.
Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I wonder if Tom is annoyed.
You know that I'm still planning to do that, don't you?
Please tell Tom not to do that when we're not around.
Tom and his driving instructor were both killed in the accident.
I wonder if Tom is adopted.
You didn't think you would be able to do that, did you?
Please tell Tom he has to do that sometime this week.
Tom and I sat on the doorstep talking to each other all morning.
I won't let Tom do that.
You didn't really think I'd refuse to do that, did you?
Please tell Tom I need to do that sometime this week.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were in grade school.
I won't ask Tom to do that.
You didn't know that I wasn't able to do that, did you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
Tom used to do that frequently, but he doesn't do that anymore.
I was going to talk to Tom.
You didn't know that I didn't want to do that, did you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom spent the last years of his life writing his autobiography.
I want to help Tom do that.
You didn't know that I didn't need to do that, did you?
It would be cheaper to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom should've been exhausted after chopping that much firewood.
I want to do that with Tom.
You didn't know that I didn't have to do that, did you?
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he didn't need to do that.
I want Tom to study French.
You didn't know I no longer needed to do that, did you?
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom does that or not.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he didn't have to do that.
I told Tom to visit Boston.
You didn't have to come here. You could've just called.
Is it true that you and Tom stayed in the same hotel?
Tom says that he doesn't feel like doing that because it's hot.
I thought Tom would be shy.
You didn't have the time to do that yesterday, did you?
If Tom isn't careful, he's going to run out of money.
Tom says he still doesn't understand why you'd want to do that.
I thought Tom wasn't tired.
What you're planning to do is likely to get you killed.
I'm sure Tom won't be able to do that as fast as you.
Tom said that he's wanted to learn how to swim for a long time.
I thought Tom wasn't happy.
We've decided to stay in Boston for another three days.
I'm sure Tom will be ready by the time you get there.
Tom said that he thought it would probably snow this afternoon.
I thought Tom wasn't bored.
We've come up with a pretty good system for doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom said it was time to start thinking about what we should do.
I thought Tom wasn't awake.
We tried to figure out how to do that, but we couldn't.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom what to do.
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that today.
I thought Tom wasn't alone.
This is the first time I've ever had to wait this long.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that by himself.
I thought Tom was too slow.
There was something written on both sides of the paper.
I'll try to find out why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I thought Tom was mistaken.
The number of tourists we get every year has increased.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I was going to do that.
Tom put the magazine he had just finished reading on the table.
I thought Tom was innocent.
The movie was better than I thought it was going to be.
I want to know how much time Tom has spent in prison.
Tom probably doesn't yet know who's going to be at the meeting.
I thought Tom was handsome.
Perhaps it would've been better if we hadn't done that.
I want to know how much time Tom has spent in Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I thought Tom was confused.
Maybe I'll come to Boston again next year at this time.
I tried to talk to Tom, but he wouldn't listen to me.
Tom offered me a beer, but I told him that I didn't drink beer.
I thought Tom was careless.
It's important that you learn how to do that correctly.
I took the pen Tom handed me and signed the document.
Tom looked around the room to make sure that everything was OK.
I thought Tom looked happy.
It would probably be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
I told Tom that I thought he should lose some weight.
Tom knew where his keys should've been, but they weren't there.
I thought Tom looked bored.
It would probably be impossible to do that by yourself.
I told Tom that I thought I might be able to do that.
Tom is feeling a little bit better today than he was yesterday.
I think Tom won't be ready.
It would probably be depressing to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you'd never permit Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston since he graduated from college.
I think Tom won't be early.
It won't be easy to figure out what caused the problem.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to stop doing that.
Tom has only been pretending that he doesn't understand French.
I think Tom won't be alone.
If you buy that now, you won't have to buy it tomorrow.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that for you.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that, but he says he'll try.
I think Tom will eat later.
If I'm feeling better tomorrow, let's do that together.
I thought we'd be able to do what Tom asked us to do.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I think Tom will be scared.
I've loved you since the first time I laid eyes on you.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he needed to do that.
I think Tom will be lonely.
I'm the only student in our class who can speak French.
I thought Tom would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom didn't know that you were the one who wanted us to do that.
I think Tom will be afraid.
I'm the only person in the office who can speak French.
I thought Tom would be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom didn't know that I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I think Tom will be absent.
I'm rich, but not rich enough to buy a house like that.
I thought Tom wasn't interested in mountain climbing.
Tom didn't know how to do that, so he asked me to show him how.
I think Tom was astonished.
I wish my neighbors would get rid of their wind chimes.
I think Tom wouldn't be discouraged by these results.
Tom didn't know how to answer any of the questions on the test.
I think Tom might be lying.
I thought you said you're tried doing that three times.
I think Tom wouldn't be bored by something like that.
Tom called his wife to tell her he wouldn't be home for dinner.
I think Tom is intoxicated.
I think you don't need a driver's license to buy a car.
I think Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
Tom bought this truck the same day he got his driver's license.
I think Tom is interesting.
I think it would've been better if we hadn't done that.
I think Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
Tom and I'll be studying together in the library all afternoon.
I think Tom is hyperactive.
I spoke French today for the first time in a long time.
I think Tom would like to be ready when that happens.
Tom won't be able to tell you anything you don't already know.
I think Tom is heartbroken.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I think Tom would get here early if you asked him to.
Tom will probably be able to do that if you give him a chance.
I think Tom is from Boston.
I realize I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I think Tom would be doing that, too, if he knew how.
Tom used to go to Boston five or six times a year on business.
I think Tom is embarrassed.
I pretended that I didn't know about what had happened.
I think Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't want to do that.
I think Tom is discouraged.
I looked at the menu and decided to order ham and eggs.
I think Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't need to do that.
I think Tom has to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I think Tom probably isn't as old as you think he is.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I didn't have to do that.
I think Tom had to do that.
I knew I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I think Tom might get injured if he tries to do that.
Tom says he's been waiting for that to happen for a long time.
I think Tom didn't do that.
I hope you can understand why I'm reluctant to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
Tom said there were still a lot things that needed to be done.
I think I need to help Tom.
I hope you can understand why I'm not going to do that.
I think Tom is probably younger than you think he is.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who felt like doing that.
I still haven't kissed Tom.
I heard that you're now working as a stand-up comedian.
I think Tom could get injured if he tries to do that.
Tom said he'd be going back to Boston right after the concert.
I still haven't called Tom.
I don't want my parents to know I got drunk last night.
I think Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
I should've waited for Tom.
I don't think that doing that would be such a bad idea.
I think I heard Tom say that he was going to do that.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
I should tell Tom I'm busy.
I don't think I'd be able to do that without your help.
I still haven't told Tom why I don't want to do that.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
I promised Tom I'd do that.
I don't really feel like eating Ethiopian food tonight.
I still haven't told Tom why I don't need to do that.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
I pretended to believe Tom.
I don't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
I still haven't told Tom why I don't have to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I persuaded Tom to do that.
I don't need to be told more than once to do something.
I sometimes go to Boston to visit Tom and his family.
Tom said he knew he might not be allowed to do that at school.
I permitted Tom to do that.
I don't like being the first one to show up at a party.
I should probably tell Tom I don't intend to do that.
Tom said he hopes to keep working here for several more years.
I never saw Tom doing that.
I don't intend stay in Boston for more than three days.
I should probably not tell Tom that I don't like him.
Tom realized he wouldn't likely be able to do that by himself.
I need to help Tom do that.
I don't have to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
I saw Tom doing that in the park yesterday afternoon.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
I love Tom and he loves me.
I don't come here every day, but I do come quite often.
I might be allowed to do that if Tom does it with me.
Tom is likely to be very unfriendly after what you did to him.
I looked at Tom's sketches.
I don't allow my children to watch TV on school nights.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't understand French.
Tom invited me to stay a couple of weeks with him next summer.
I lived in Boston with Tom.
I didn't want to do that, but I didn't have any choice.
I know Tom can't come to Boston, but I wish he would.
Tom didn't tell me he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
I know why Tom got nervous.
I didn't recognize the person across the table from me.
I helped Tom move his desk to other side of the room.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I wanted to do that.
I know why Tom got annoyed.
I didn't really feel like going to school this morning.
I helped Tom get up from the bench he was sitting on.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I needed to do that.
I know who stole Tom's car.
I didn't realize I shouldn't be doing what I was doing.
I forgot to remind Tom about his dentist appointment.
Tom didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom is unlucky.
I didn't read the contract as carefully as I should've.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will want to do that.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that before he got here.
I know that Tom is thirsty.
I didn't marry the woman my parents wanted me to marry.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will stop doing that.
Tom could be overwhelmed by all this, but I don't think he is.
I know that Tom is strange.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will quit doing that.
Tom and his three sons go camping every weekend in the summer.
I know that Tom is starved.
I didn't know what time the meeting was going to start.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will need to do that.
Tom and I were very hungry by the time we got to the campsite.
I know that Tom is sincere.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will have to do that.
Tom and I were engaged for three months before we got married.
I know that Tom is serious.
I didn't know that what I'd done was against the rules.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be absent today.
Tom and I met while we were both walking our dogs in the park.
I know that Tom is retired.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself.
I doubt if Tom will still be awake when we get there.
Tom wouldn't ask you to do that if he didn't think you could.
I know that Tom is puzzled.
I didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom would've been forgiven for doing that if he'd apologized.
I know that Tom is pleased.
I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
I don't want to say anything that might make Tom cry.
Tom would stay in Boston longer if his parents would let him.
I know that Tom is patient.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted to buy.
I don't want to know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom works from very early in the morning until late at night.
I know that Tom is outside.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed to buy.
I don't understand why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Tom won't know whether he can do that or not unless he tries.
I know that Tom is nervous.
I didn't feel like telling everybody why I was leaving.
I don't think we can trust Tom as much as we used to.
Tom will probably tell his friends that he's going to Boston.
I know that Tom is married.
I didn't decide to become a teacher until I was thirty.
I don't think Tom would be surprised if you did that.
Tom wanted to be here, but he had to be somewhere else today.
I know that Tom is jittery.
I did that yesterday for the first time in a long time.
I don't think Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
Tom told me that he'll be finished doing that by dinner time.
I know that Tom is jealous.
How much more time do you think you'll need to do that?
I don't think Tom would be absent if he weren't sick.
Tom told me that he never thought he'd be able to walk again.
I know that Tom is healthy.
How much more time do you think you'll have to do that?
I don't think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
Tom soon found out why none of his friends wanted to do that.
I know that Tom is furious.
How many more months will it take to finish doing that?
I don't think Tom will be as careful as he should be.
Tom shouldn't have been mountain climbing on a day like that.
I know that Tom is finicky.
How many months do you think it'll take you to do that?
I don't think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom says he doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
I know that Tom is excited.
How many minutes do you estimate it'll take to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that by himself.
Tom says Australia is his favorite place to visit in October.
I know that Tom is engaged.
Even someone as strong as you won't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom really had to do that this morning.
Tom said we needed at least $300 to buy everything we needed.
I know that Tom is curious.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't have enough money.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
Tom said it's what he wasn't doing that made the coach angry.
I know that Tom is correct.
Do you really think it would be interesting to do that?
I don't think Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
Tom said it probably wouldn't take very much time to do that.
I know that Tom is careful.
Do you often think about what you want to do in future?
I don't think I could afford to buy a car like Tom's.
Tom said he's been trying to fix the air conditioner all day.
I know that Tom is at home.
Did you know there are three other Toms at this school?
I don't really feel like playing backgammon with Tom.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that without some help.
I know that Tom is annoyed.
Did you know it was possible to borrow that much money?
I don't know whether Tom is telling the truth or not.
Tom said he was hoping to get home before it started raining.
I know that Tom is adopted.
As I told you before, I don't want to do that with you.
I don't know where Tom wants me to put his suitcases.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that today.
I knew where Tom was going.
About how many minutes does it usually take to do that?
I don't know where Tom wants me to plant the lettuce.
Tom said he might come to Boston next week or the week after.
I just told Tom what I did.
Your lights weren't on, so I thought you weren't home.
I don't know where Tom is going to be this afternoon.
Tom said he knew he might not be required to do that anymore.
I invited Tom to our party.
You're the only one working here who can speak French.
I didn't want to sing any of the songs Tom requested.
Tom said he knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I hoped Tom would be there.
You'd stop doing that if I asked you to, wouldn't you?
I didn't want to make the same mistakes that Tom did.
Tom said he doesn't understand why you don't want to do that.
I hope you'll speak to Tom.
You'd like to know why I didn't do that, wouldn't you?
I didn't understand exactly what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom said I should've stayed in Boston for another week or so.
I hope Tom isn't terrified.
You weren't the only one who had to do that, were you?
I didn't think that Tom would be in Boston this week.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he'll never be able to do that.
I hope Tom isn't desperate.
You weren't the only one allowed to do that, were you?
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether he needs to do that or not.
I hope Tom isn't depressed.
You weren't the first one to try to do that, were you?
I didn't think Tom would be the first one to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
I hope Tom does that today.
You weren't surprised that I had to do that, were you?
I didn't think Tom would be here, but I'm glad he is.
Tom practiced the piano every day when he was in high school.
I hope Tom comes to Boston.
You were told not to do that by yourself, weren't you?
I didn't think Tom wanted to be on the baseball team.
Tom is doing that because it's what he thinks he needs to do.
I helped Tom with his work.
You were supposed to do that by yourself, weren't you?
I didn't tell Tom why I was planning to go to Boston.
Tom has just finished doing what he should've done last week.
I helped Tom up the stairs.
You were hoping we could do that for you, weren't you?
I didn't tell Tom that the meeting had been canceled.
Tom escaped from prison through a tunnel that he dug himself.
I helped Tom set the table.
You want to be finished doing that by 2:30, don't you?
I didn't realize that Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I helped Tom into the taxi.
You probably thought I didn't have a driver's license.
I didn't know you had spent so much time helping Tom.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he was supposed to do that.
I helped Tom into the boat.
You need to be more careful the next time you do that.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go hiking with.
Tom didn't seem to be doing what he was supposed to be doing.
I heard that Tom does that.
You look thinner than you did the last time I saw you.
I didn't know who Tom was going to go to Boston with.
Tom didn't seem to be able to do that, so I did that for him.
I haven't seen Tom do that.
You knew there was no way I could do that, didn't you?
I didn't know who Tom wanted to go to the dance with.
Tom didn't know how to do that, but he tried to do it anyway.
I expected Tom to be there.
You knew it wasn't a good idea to do that, didn't you?
I didn't know whether Tom intended to do that or not.
Tom didn't know how to do that until he was thirty years old.
I doubt if Tom will be shy.
You knew I didn't have to do that anymore, didn't you?
I didn't know what to do when Tom refused to help me.
Tom could be cooperative. I guess we'll find out soon enough.
I don't want to let Tom go.
You hope to be finished doing that by 2:30, don't you?
I didn't know what Tom's reasons for doing that were.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up until the meeting was over.
I don't want Tom to suffer.
You have to be more careful the next time you do that.
I didn't know that you were going to Boston with Tom.
Tom and his girlfriend spent all afternoon at the art museum.
I don't think that's Tom's.
You didn't want anyone to see you doing that, did you?
I didn't know that Tom was planning to do that today.
Tom and I have been really good friends for a very long time.
I don't think Tom is wrong.
You didn't think we would be able to do that, did you?
I didn't know if Tom would be able to do that or not.
Tom's wife died in 2013. Tom himself died three years later.
I don't think Tom is upset.
You didn't think I would be doing that today, did you?
I didn't know Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom's comments were unrelated to what we were talking about.
I don't think Tom is tired.
You didn't seem to understand why I shouldn't do that.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely be present at tomorrow afternoon's meeting.
I don't think Tom is right.
You didn't seem to understand why I needed to do that.
I didn't know Tom and you were married to each other.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. You'll need to help him.
I don't think Tom is pushy.
You didn't know you were supposed to do that, did you?
I did everything I could to keep Tom from doing that.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. You'll have to help him.
I don't think Tom is happy.
You didn't know it was impossible to do that, did you?
How much time do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom will probably be cold if he doesn't wear a heavier coat.
I don't think Tom is funny.
You didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that, did you?
How many years do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom was in the garden pulling weeds all yesterday afternoon.
I don't think Tom is drunk.
You could come to Boston and spend the summer with me.
How many weeks do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom wanted to say something, but he didn't know what to say.
I don't think Tom is broke.
You and I both know what'll happen if I don't do that.
How many hours do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom told me that he'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
I don't think Tom is brave.
You and I are the only ones who know about this place.
How many days do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Tom told me that he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
I don't think Tom is bored.
Why weren't you here yesterday like you said you'd be?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting injured?
Tom told me he wouldn't go to Boston unless I went with him.
I don't think Tom is blind.
We both need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Do you have any idea how many weeks Tom will do that?
Tom told me he didn't want to wait until October to do that.
I don't think Tom is awake.
There are several good reasons why you should do that.
Do you have any idea how many hours Tom will do that?
Tom thought he would be able to do that if he had some help.
I don't think Tom is angry.
The police spokesman said no suspects were in custody.
Didn't you know there was another Tom at this school?
Tom thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom is alone.
The lady who dropped her wineglass seemed embarrassed.
Didn't you know that Tom passed away three years ago?
Tom started working here as a janitor and now he's the boss.
I don't think I scared Tom.
Let me take a picture of you in front of the fountain.
Didn't you know Tom is also a pretty good bassoonist?
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that without our help.
I don't like Tom's friends.
It'll take you at least three days to finish this job.
Didn't you know Tom and I were married to each other?
Tom says he doesn't know whether he'll have time to do that.
I don't like Tom's cooking.
It would probably be dangerous to do that by yourself.
Did you know that it took Tom three hours to do that?
Tom says he and his friends like to go to the park together.
I don't know Tom's brother.
It would be ridiculous to try doing that by ourselves.
Did you know that Tom almost never does that anymore?
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I don't know Tom's address.
It won't be easy to determine what caused the problem.
Did you know Tom has several very valuable paintings?
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be dangerous.
I don't care what Tom eats.
It started to rain as soon as we got the tent pitched.
All three of us thought Tom was the one who did that.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help John.
I don't believe Tom at all.
It probably would be dangerous to do that by yourself.
All three of Tom's brothers are on the baseball team.
Tom said his life has changed a lot in the last three years.
I didn't think Tom was shy.
If you're finished reading the paper, could I have it?
You'll ask Tom for permission to do that, won't you?
Tom said he'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
I didn't see Tom yesterday.
If you do that every day, you'll get good at doing it.
You were impressed by how Tom did that, weren't you?
Tom said he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
I didn't notice Tom go out.
If we had children, we would've bought a bigger house.
You tried to talk Tom out of doing that, didn't you?
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
I didn't like what Tom did.
If it had rained yesterday, I wouldn't have done that.
You think Tom will be tempted to do that, don't you?
Tom said he wished he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
I didn't lay a hand on Tom.
I'd be very disappointed if I didn't get into college.
You still haven't told Tom how to do that, have you?
Tom said he was stranded on a desert island for three years.
I didn't go to Tom's party.
I wonder if I can learn how to do that in three hours.
You still don't know why Tom has to do that, do you?
Tom said he was going to do that every day after he retired.
I didn't care what Tom did.
I won't do that right away, but I'll do it eventually.
You should tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
I couldn't get Tom to do that.
I want to know why you haven't written the report yet.
You should tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
I convinced Tom to do that.
I want to know whether or not you'll be ready by 2:30.
You should probably tell Tom why you had to do that.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who want to do that.
I can go to Boston for Tom.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
You should probably tell Tom that you can't do that.
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that by himself.
I bought this car from Tom.
I thought you were supposed to be in Boston this week.
You should probably tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that by himself.
I asked Tom not to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to learn how to do that.
You should probably not tell Tom to do that for you.
Tom said he knew he might be required to do that by himself.
I asked Tom how to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to do that this morning.
You know why Tom doesn't want to do that, don't you?
Tom said he didn't want to try doing that without some help.
I arrived earlier than Tom.
I think I'm the only person here who can speak French.
You knew that Tom was trying to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
How will Tom get to Boston?
I still have some unfinished business to take care of.
You knew Tom wasn't supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
How long was Tom in prison?
I saw a couple sitting on a park bench, holding hands.
You don't really think Tom wants to do that, do you?
Tom replied that he thought it would be possible to do that.
How is Tom going to Boston?
I remember many of the stories my grandmother told me.
You don't really think Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom refused to tell me how much his new motorcycle cost him.
Has Tom done that recently?
I made more money on that deal than I thought I would.
You don't really enjoy hanging out with Tom, do you?
Tom knew that people were going to say bad things about him.
Everyone did that, but Tom.
I hope you can understand why I'm hesitant to do that.
You don't know when Tom is going to do that, do you?
Tom is the only one who seems to know what needs to be done.
Doesn't Tom live in Boston?
I hope you can understand why I don't want to do that.
You don't care whether Tom does that or not, do you?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be enjoying himself.
Does Tom speak French well?
I don't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
You didn't think Tom would want to do that, did you?
Tom is still doing the same thing he was doing this morning.
Do you think Tom is afraid?
I don't really feel like going to school this morning.
You didn't think Tom would need to do that, did you?
Tom is fortunate that his house wasn't damaged by the storm.
Do you know why Tom is mad?
I don't know whether I'll have time to do that or not.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom was doing that.
Tom found it hard to pretend to be interested in doing that.
Did you know Tom was tired?
I don't know how to do that as well as most people do.
You didn't know Tom didn't want to do that, did you?
Tom expects all three of us to do the same thing he's doing.
Did you find Tom's address?
I don't intend come back to Boston until next October.
You didn't know Tom didn't need to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be such a good idea.
Could you buy that for Tom?
I didn't wake up as early as I should've this morning.
You didn't know Tom didn't have to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a very good idea.
Ask Tom when he'll do that.
I didn't think there was any reason we had to do that.
You didn't expect Tom to refuse to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he's supposed to do that.
"Where's Tom?" "In Boston."
I didn't think I would be finished doing that by 2:30.
You didn't apologize to Tom for doing that, did you?
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what was happening.
Your answer surprised Tom.
I didn't take the warning seriously until it was late.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom does that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he was supposed to do that.
You'd better not hurt Tom.
I didn't realize I wasn't going to be able to do that.
You and I are the only people Tom wants to help him.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him what had happened.
I'm fairly certain Tom can't do that.
I didn't learn how to swim until I was in my thirties.
You and I are the only people Tom says he can trust.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him he had to do that.
You look nothing like Tom.
I didn't know you were still living with your parents.
Why don't you let Tom know that you want to do that?
Tom didn't live long enough to see his daughter get married.
You don't help Tom enough.
I didn't know what to do with all the money I'd found.
Why don't you let Tom know that you need to do that?
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
You could do that for Tom.
I didn't know that I was supposed to help you do that.
Why don't you let Tom know that you have to do that?
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
Will Tom do that tomorrow?
I didn't know that I was adopted until I was thirteen.
When I first met Tom, I didn't know how rich he was.
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Why's Tom studying French?
I didn't know anything at all about what had happened.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that again.
Tom didn't know that you were the one who wanted to do that.
Why's Tom speaking French?
I didn't have time to read the newspaper this morning.
This is the first time Tom has ever been on a plane.
Tom didn't know how to play the guitar until just last year.
Why's Tom going to Boston?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I wanted.
The only one here who's reluctant to do that is Tom.
Tom asked me several questions that I didn't want to answer.
Why does Tom do that here?
I didn't have enough money to buy everything I needed.
The neighbor's dog kept Tom awake most of the night.
Tom's mother told him he could do anything he wanted to do.
Why did Tom hide his face?
I didn't get up this morning as early as I usually do.
Please make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Tom wouldn't have done that unless it was really necessary.
Who told you Tom did that?
I didn't come all the way from Boston just to do this.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
Tom would've come to Boston with me if he hadn't been busy.
Who does Tom do that with?
I could come to Boston next week if you need me there.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom won't likely be as exhausted today as he was yesterday.
Where was Tom last summer?
I can't do that now because I'm not feeling very well.
It would be faster to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom will be heartbroken when he finds out his dog has died.
When did Tom get arrested?
I can explain this in more detail if you'd like me to.
It would be easier to do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom wasn't able to get everything done that had to be done.
What you did made Tom cry.
I bought this pair of shoes for three hundred dollars.
It was very generous of Tom to donate so much money.
Tom told the police that he had been attacked by three men.
What did Tom do yesterday?
How much more time do you think it'll take to do that?
Is Tom the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
Tom told me that I needed to be present at today's meeting.
Those don't belong to Tom.
How much longer to you think I need to stay in Boston?
I've given up trying to persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom told me he didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
These don't belong to Tom.
How many weeks do you think it'll take you to do that?
I've given up trying to convince Tom not to do that.
Tom thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
These aren't Tom's gloves.
How many times a month do you visit your grandparents?
I've finally managed to persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom suggested that we stay at his house instead of a hotel.
Tell Tom to lock the door.
How many more years will it take to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be impressed by this painting.
Tom spent a lot of time at the beach over the summer break.
Tell Tom to do that later.
How many more weeks will it take to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom won't be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom should've been alone, but he was with three other guys.
Tell Tom to buy some eggs.
How many more hours will it take to finish doing that?
I'm sure Tom will be irritated by the traffic noise.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him why we should do that.
Tell Tom to bring a salad.
How many months do you estimate it'll take to do that?
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him why we had to do that.
Please tell Tom the truth.
How many hours do you think it'll take you to do that?
I'd never seen Tom do anything that impolite before.
Tom says he thinks it might not be so expensive to do that.
Please ask Tom to do that.
How many grams of meat do you usually cook per person?
I wonder what I should do if Tom doesn't do that.
Tom says he overheard both sides of the phone conversation.
Perhaps Tom won't do that.
Even if I wanted to do that, I don't have enough time.
I wish you hadn't told Tom I had trouble doing that?
Tom says he doesn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Perhaps Tom is having fun.
Do you think you can do that in less than three hours?
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom does.
Tom says he can do that with one hand tied behind his back.
My parents don't like Tom.
Do you really think it would be ridiculous to do that?
I wanted to do that today, but Tom begged me not to.
Tom said that he's been wanting to do that for a long time.
My house is next to Tom's.
Do you really think it would be impossible to do that?
I want to know how much time it took Tom to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Let's tell Tom to do that.
Do you really think it would be depressing to do that?
I told Tom to stop doing that, but he did it anyway.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Let Tom eat what he wants.
Didn't you know that very few people actually do that?
I told Tom that I didn't have permission to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can do that by yourself.
Let Tom buy what he wants.
Didn't you know it was possible to get there by train?
I thought you said you'd never allow Tom to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be possible.
It's snowing where Tom is.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to worry about?
I thought you said you were glad Tom didn't do that.
Tom said his family was more important to him than his job.
It's raining where Tom is.
As I told you before, you need to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom didn't know how to play the saxophone.
Tom said he'd be going back to Boston right after the game.
It looks like Tom is cold.
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.
I thought I'd be able to do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that by himself.
It looks like Tom is busy.
Are you still thinking of going to Boston next summer?
I think Tom wouldn't be nervous at a time like this.
Tom said he thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Is Tom obliged to do that?
Always doing the same thing every day must get boring.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that again.
I've never seen Tom's dog.
All the children seem to be having trouble doing that.
I think Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
Tom said he knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I'm sure Tom will be slow.
"Will you play tennis tomorrow" "No, We'll play golf."
I think Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom said he doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
I'm sure Tom will be home.
"Do I have to do that again?" "No, you don't need to."
I think Tom is getting a little tired of doing that.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
I'm sure Tom will be fair.
"Are you going to go see that movie" "Yes, I plan to."
I think Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
I'm positive Tom did that.
You're the only person in the office who can do that.
I think Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
Tom said he can speak French, but he can't really speak it.
I'm not going Tom's party.
You're the only person I know who can't speak French.
I think Tom could be ready by the time you get here.
Tom said doing that was easier than he thought it would be.
I'm glad Tom spoke French.
You're the only one who wants to go home early today.
I should've been able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom probably thought he was going to need to do that today.
I'll go to Boston for Tom.
You're the only one who seems to know how to do that.
I should probably tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom probably thought he was going to have to do that today.
I'd never let Tom do that.
You're the first person to ever ask me that question.
I should probably not tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tom probably knows more about the accident than he told us.
I wouldn't do that to Tom.
You're likely the only person who is able to do that.
I should probably not tell Tom that I can't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether he has to do that or not.
I wonder if Tom is stoned.
You're getting better because you practice every day.
I should probably not tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether I need to do that or not.
I wonder if Tom is sleepy.
You'll be able to do that if you put your mind to it.
I never thought Tom would come back to Boston again.
Tom probably doesn't know whether I have to do that or not.
I wonder if Tom is scared.
You won't be able to do that without some assistance.
I know this isn't the first time Tom has lied to us.
Tom never gave up and eventually was able to get that done.
I wonder if Tom is lonely.
You were able to do that without any problems, right?
I knew Tom was going to be arrested sooner or later.
Tom is the only person I know who can play the French horn.
I wonder if Tom is hungry.
You tried to do that yesterday afternoon, didn't you?
I got Tom to go to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Tom is one of the thirty people who didn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is honest.
You think I'm getting tired of doing that, don't you?
I doubt very seriously that that will embarrass Tom.
Tom is one of the thirty people who didn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is guilty.
You should sell your shares now before it's too late.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom is doing that because it's what he thinks he should do.
I wonder if Tom is biased.
You should make sure that Mary doesn't do that today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be disobedient.
Tom is doing that because it's what he thinks he has to do.
I wonder if Tom is asleep.
You never thought I'd want to do that again, did you?
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be discouraged.
Tom has been in the living room reading a book all morning.
I wonder if Tom is afraid.
You look more like your grandfather than your father.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be cooperative.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be such a bad idea.
I wasn't at Tom's funeral.
You look like you were half expecting this to happen.
I don't want to sing any of the songs Tom requested.
Tom doesn't like being the first one to show up at a party.
I wasn't able to save Tom.
You know why I wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
I don't want to say anything that'll make Tom angry.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I wasn't able to meet Tom.
You know they won't permit you to do that, don't you?
I don't want to make the same mistakes that Tom did.
Tom didn't take the medicine that the doctor had given him.
I wasn't able to help Tom.
You know I'm supposed to do that tomorrow, don't you?
I don't think you could persuade Tom not to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he didn't need to do that.
I wasn't able to find Tom.
You knew I was supposed to do that today, didn't you?
I don't think Tom would've permitted you to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he didn't have to do that.
I wanted a picture of Tom.
You don't think I'm interested in doing that, do you?
I don't think Tom would still be willing to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him I had to do that.
I want to see you and Tom.
You don't think I'm going to do that anymore, do you?
I don't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that by himself.
I want to see Tom do that.
You don't really want to go swimming with us, do you?
I don't think Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom asked me to teach him how to say "thank you" in French.
I visited Boston with Tom.
You don't have to eat anything you don't want to eat.
I don't think Tom will be able to do that very well.
Tom and I've decided to go to Boston together next weekend.
I told Tom the same thing.
You didn't seem to be aware that I needed to do that.
I don't think Tom really plans to do that this week.
Tom and I worked together on that project for three months.
I thought Tom wasn't here.
You didn't seem convinced that you needed to do that.
I don't think Tom really likes doing that very much.
Tom and I talked about what we'd do if that happened to us.
I thought Tom wasn't cold.
You didn't really come here just to do that, did you?
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car like that.
Tom and I sat next to each other in French class last year.
I thought Tom was worried.
You didn't know that I was going to do that, did you?
I don't think I understand what Tom is trying to do.
Tom and I aren't the only ones here who can't speak French.
I thought Tom was outside.
You didn't know that I had to do that today, did you?
I don't see anything wrong with letting Tom do that.
Tom advised me not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
I thought Tom was nervous.
You believe doing that would be a mistake, don't you?
I don't like Tom and I don't like his sister either.
Tom admitted he was the one who ate the last piece of cake.
I thought Tom was jealous.
Would you like to try some raspberry jam that I made?
I don't know why Tom was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom would be healthier if he didn't eat so much junk food.
I thought Tom was at home.
Who told you I wouldn't be able to do that by myself?
I don't know why Tom needs to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom worked as a teacher in Boston until his death in 2013.
I think that car is Tom's.
Who needs to be at the meeting in Boston next Monday?
I don't know whether Tom is good at swimming or not.
Tom won't likely be interested in going to the art museum.
I think that Tom did that.
We'll keep doing that unless someone tells us not to.
I don't know whether Tom is going to do that or not.
Tom won't be able to do everything you've asked him to do.
I think Tom would be fair.
We should probably change the locks on all the doors.
I don't know whether Tom intended to do that or not.
Tom was the first one to give me advice on how to do that.
I think Tom won't be late.
We can stay in Boston a few more days if you want to.
I don't know how much time Tom will need to do that.
Tom was carrying two suitcases and had a pack on his back.
I think Tom won't be last.
The movie was much better than I thought it would be.
I don't know how much time Tom will have to do that.
Tom usually goes to school by bus, but sometimes he walks.
I think Tom won't be cold.
The cat jumped off the couch and hid under the table.
I don't always arrive on time, but Tom usually does.
Tom used to carry his ukulele with him everywhere he went.
I think Tom will be upset.
Taste it and see if you think I should add more salt.
I didn't want to interrupt Tom while he was talking.
Tom told me he'd wait for us in front of the Hilton Hotel.
I think Tom will be first.
One of my sons is a doctor and the other is a lawyer.
I didn't think that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I think Tom will be early.
Neither of us wants to do that, but one of us has to.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that by himself.
Tom still has the car his father gave him three years ago.
I think Tom will be bored.
My parents would never let me go to Boston by myself.
I didn't think Tom would get bored, but I was wrong.
Tom sleeps with his window open, no matter how cold it is.
I think Tom will be alone.
My parents are the ones who taught me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be the last one to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he needed to do that.
I think Tom is unemployed.
My father told me that I shouldn't read books in bed.
I didn't think Tom would be glad that that happened.
Tom says he doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
I think Tom is suspicious.
Maybe it wouldn't be possible to do that by yourself.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that this morning.
Tom says he doesn't know if he has enough time to do that.
I think Tom is overworked.
Maybe I should stay in Boston for another week or so.
I didn't think Tom would be cooperative, but he was.
Tom said three of those boys are the ones who beat him up.
I think Tom is interested.
It's been a long time since we've done that together.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that by himself.
Tom said there were muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
I think Tom is frustrated.
It's absolutely necessary for me to do that tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom what time he should come tomorrow.
Tom said the committee was going to vote on that tomorrow.
I think Tom is frightened.
It would probably be possible to do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom that the picnic had been canceled.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen in the near future.
I think Tom is downstairs.
It would be almost impossible to do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom that he needed to be more careful.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen again anytime soon.
I think Tom is doing that.
It took me a little longer than usual to fall asleep.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who liked doing that.
I think Tom is displeased.
It should be possible for you to do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom his parents were getting divorced.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who hated doing that.
I think Tom is disgusting.
It probably wouldn't be smart to do that by yourself.
I didn't really think Tom did that without any help.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
I think Tom is delusional.
It doesn't look like you're interested in doing that.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't having a good time.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
I think Tom is colorblind.
If you don't want that book anymore, could I have it?
I didn't notice that Tom was wearing a wedding ring.
Tom said he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive.
I think Tom has done that.
If it had rained, I probably wouldn't have done that.
I didn't know why Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
I think Tom can't do that.
I've just made a pot of coffee. Would you like a cup?
I didn't know who Tom was planning to see in Boston.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that again.
I spoke to Tom about that.
I've heard that this is the oldest city in the world.
I didn't know whether what Tom said was true or not.
Tom said he probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
I should've talked to Tom.
I've gained a lot of weight in the last three months.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at skiing or not.
Tom said he doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
I should've smiled at Tom.
I've always wanted to go to Australia with my family.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at French or not.
Tom said he didn't want to do anything until it got light.
I should've protected Tom.
I wouldn't work in Boston even if you paid me double.
I didn't know whether Tom could speak French or not.
Tom said he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that.
I should help Tom do that.
I wish I had more time to do things with my children.
I didn't know when Tom was planning to go to Boston.
Tom said I should've stayed in Boston for a few more days.
I should apologize to Tom.
I went swimming with some of my friends last weekend.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to quit his job.
Tom remarried his first wife after he divorced this third.
I saw that movie with Tom.
I was annoyed by the constant dripping of the faucet.
I didn't know Tom was still living with his parents.
Tom probably won't have to stay in the hospital overnight.
I might not see Tom today.
I warned you what would happen if you didn't do that.
I didn't get a chance to thank Tom for all his help.
Tom probably doesn't really know how to play the trombone.
I made Tom do that for me.
I thought you weren't supposed to be doing that here.
I already told Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
I looked at Tom's picture.
I thought you said you've only tried doing that once.
How much time do you think Tom will need to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
I looked at Tom's drawing.
I thought you said you were the first one to do that.
How much time do you think Tom will have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
I know where Tom did that.
I thought you said you were interested in doing that.
How many sandwiches did Tom take to school with him?
Tom probably didn't even have known about today's meeting.
I know what Tom has to do.
I thought you said you wanted me to buy that for you.
How many days do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom pretended not to notice what was written on the board.
I know that Tom is strong.
I thought that maybe we could do that together later.
How did you know Tom only ate fruits and vegetables?
Tom plays the banjo with one of the local bluegrass bands.
I know that Tom is strict.
I think it's finally time for us to start doing that.
Even though I told Tom he shouldn't do that, he did.
Tom often tries to do that, but still hasn't been able to.
I know that Tom is stoned.
I hope to stay in Boston for a few weeks next spring.
Even though I told Tom he should do that, he didn't.
Tom may want to stay in Boston until the end of the month.
I know that Tom is stingy.
I don't want to get married until I'm in my thirties.
Even though I told Tom he had to do that, he didn't.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless you do the same thing.
I know that Tom is sleepy.
I don't think I could've done that without your help.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would cost us more.
Tom isn't likely to be very hungry when he gets home.
I know that Tom is single.
I don't think I can afford to buy a new computer now.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be efficient.
Tom isn't likely to be gone by the time we get there.
I know that Tom is scared.
I don't really enjoy doing playing games on my phone.
Does Tom want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he ought to.
I know that Tom is lonely.
You don't need to apologize. You've done nothing wrong.
Do you think Tom would still be hesitant to do that?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he needs to.
I know that Tom is insane.
I don't like being the one who always has to do that.
Do you think Tom could do that without getting hurt?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be having any fun.
I know that Tom is hungry.
I don't have enough time to do what needs to be done.
Do you think Tom can do that without getting killed?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were asked to do that.
I know that Tom is guilty.
I don't have enough money to buy the computer I want.
Do you really think Tom would permit you to do that?
Tom is likely to be the one responsible for what happened.
I know that Tom is grumpy.
I don't care who does that as long as that gets done.
Do you have any idea how many days Tom will do that?
Tom is able to do that with one hand tied behind his back.
I know that Tom is greedy.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life in prison.
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't planning to do that?
Tom has said he intends to pay back all the money he owes.
I know that Tom is famous.
I didn't want to do that, but I felt I had no choice.
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't paid for doing that?
Tom has probably known how to do that since he was a baby.
I know that Tom is biased.
I didn't think you'd be drinking so early in the day.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be here today?
Tom has been good, so he could stay longer if he wants to.
I know that Tom is asleep.
I didn't think you would be the first one to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom had a house on Park Street?
Tom got a book down from the shelf and started reading it.
I know that Tom is afraid.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Didn't you know Tom was very good at playing soccer?
Tom doesn't want to discourage you from trying to do that.
I know that Tom is absent.
I didn't take the medicine my doctor told me to take.
Didn't you know Tom was still a high school student?
Tom doesn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
I know that Tom does that.
I didn't read everything as carefully as I should've.
Didn't you know Tom lived in Boston for a long time?
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
I know Tom's phone number.
I didn't know you used to be a professional musician.
Didn't you know Tom didn't know how to speak French?
Tom doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
I know Tom went to Boston.
I didn't know what time the party was going to start.
Did you know that Tom was in a coma for three years?
Tom didn't want to do that, but he didn't have any choice.
I know Tom visited Boston.
I didn't know what the wood was going to be used for.
Did you know that Tom saw you in the park yesterday?
Tom didn't tell me that he was the one who had to do that.
I know Tom is over thirty.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that by yourself.
Did you know that Tom is an extremely gifted artist?
Tom didn't know what was in the box that was on the table.
I know Tom has to do that.
I didn't know that what I'd done was against the law.
Did you know Tom was going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the rules.
I know I can count on Tom.
I didn't know how to play tennis when I was thirteen.
Did you know Tom used to be a professional musician?
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that yesterday.
I knew what Tom had to do.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
Did you know Tom is very good at playing basketball?
Tom didn't figure out how to do that until just yesterday.
I invited Tom to my party.
I didn't have enough space to do what I wanted to do.
Ask Tom if he has enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom could've been punished for what he did, but he wasn't.
I hoped Tom would do that.
I didn't find out I was adopted until I was thirteen.
All three of Tom's brothers are planning to do that.
Tom and I studied French at the same university in Boston.
I hoped Tom could do that.
I didn't eat the salad because there was bacon in it.
About how many times do you think Tom has done that?
Tom and I stayed at the same hotel when we were in Boston.
I hope that Tom does that.
I didn't do that as much last week as I usually does.
You'll try to find out why Tom did that, won't you?
Tom admitted he was the one who left the windows unlocked.
I hope Tom isn't punished.
I didn't come to school yesterday because I got sick.
You'll never be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without your help.
I hope Tom isn't offended.
I didn't care how it got done as long as it got done.
You weren't able to convince Tom do that, were you?
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had more the time.
I hope Tom isn't mistaken.
How much time do you think it'll take you to do that?
You were worried Tom wouldn't do that, weren't you?
Tom won't likely get cold since he's dressed very warmly.
I hope Tom isn't confused.
How much time do you estimate you'll need to do that?
You told Tom I could do that by myself, didn't you?
Tom won't likely be interested in going to an art museum.
I hope Tom isn't careless.
How much more time do you think is needed to do that?
You still hope Tom will do that for you, don't you?
Tom wasn't the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
I hope Tom isn't arrested.
How many years do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You should've waited until Tom got here to do that.
Tom wasn't able to find the documents he was looking for.
I hope Tom is sympathetic.
How many weeks do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You should probably tell Tom you intend to do that.
Tom was the only other person who didn't want to do that.
I hope Tom is still alive.
How many textbooks did you have to buy this semester?
You should probably tell Tom why he should do that.
Tom was the first person who has ever offered to help me.
I hope Tom is cooperative.
How many more days will it take to finish doing that?
You should help Tom carry the boxes out to his car.
Tom was the first one who said he didn't want to do that.
I hope Tom goes to Boston.
How many hours do you think you watched TV last week?
You know Tom wasn't supposed to do that, don't you?
Tom was sleeping on the sofa when I walked into the room.
I hope Tom gets back soon.
How many hours do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You knew Tom didn't plan on doing that, didn't you?
Tom was in his room listening to music all day yesterday.
I helped Tom out of a jam.
How many days do you think it'll take you to do that?
You knew Tom didn't do that on purpose, didn't you?
Tom told me that I need to be present at today's meeting.
I helped Tom open the box.
Don't forget that you need to pay your rent tomorrow.
You knew Tom didn't do that by himself, didn't you?
Tom told me he wouldn't do that unless I did it with him.
I helped Tom dye his hair.
Do you think you can do that without getting injured?
You hope that Tom won't do that anymore, don't you?
Tom started going bald when he was in his early thirties.
I helped Tom buy this car.
Do you really think it would be unethical to do that?
You hope Tom doesn't tell us to do that, don't you?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I wanted to do that.
I helped Tom a little bit.
Do you really think it would be expensive to do that?
You haven't yet convinced Tom to do that, have you?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I needed to do that.
I heard that Tom did that.
Do you really think it would be enjoyable to do that?
You haven't done that as much as Tom has, have you?
Tom says he's going to do all his homework before dinner.
I had to help Tom do that.
Do you really think it would be dangerous to do that?
You had a hunch that Tom would do that, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that kind of thing.
I got very angry with Tom.
Do you really believe that black cats cause bad luck?
You don't seem convinced that Tom needs to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really know how to do that very well.
I expected Tom to help me.
Didn't you know you weren't supposed to do that here?
You don't know why Tom asked me to do that, do you?
Tom said the solution to the problem wasn't very obvious.
I expected Tom to do that.
Didn't you know you weren't going to pass this class?
You didn't think Tom would really do that, did you?
Tom said the scenery was more beautiful than he expected.
I expected Tom to be here.
Didn't you know there's more than one way to do this?
You didn't tell Tom I intended to do that, did you?
Tom said that he thought the judge's decision was unfair.
I doubt Tom would do that.
Didn't you know that your taillights weren't working?
You didn't know why Tom wanted to do that, did you?
Tom said that he thought it would be possible to do that.
I don't think Tom is ugly.
About how many hours does it usually take to do that?
You didn't know why Tom needed to do that, did you?
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be enough.
I don't think Tom is sure.
You're the only person I know who drinks white wine.
You didn't know Tom would do that so well, did you?
Tom said that I don't need to do that if I don't want to.
I don't think Tom is slow.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do this.
You didn't know Tom had already done that, did you?
Tom said that I don't have to do that if I don't want to.
I don't think Tom is sick.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
You didn't know I had to help Tom do that, did you?
Tom said it isn't uncommon to see that kind of bird here.
I don't think Tom is rich.
You're the only Canadian I've ever gone skiing with.
You didn't believe Tom would ever do that, did you?
Tom said he'd appreciate it if you could do that for him.
I don't think Tom is nosy.
You're the one who told me that I shouldn't do that.
You and I are the only people Tom wants to talk to.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that it would snow.
I don't think Tom is nice.
You're not going to be happy when you hear the news.
Why haven't you helped Tom like you said you would?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
I don't think Tom is lazy.
You're not actually going to do that today, are you?
Why do you think Tom might be reluctant to do that?
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is here.
You'd have to be deranged to do something like that.
Why did you tell Tom I thought he couldn't do that?
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is done.
You'd be stupid if you tried to do that by yourself.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't have time to do that?
Tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom is cute.
You weren't very interested in doing that, were you?
Who told you Tom would want to go swimming with us?
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that again.
I don't think Tom is cold.
You weren't the one who actually did that, were you?
When I got home, Tom was asleep on the front porch.
Tom said he thought he could do that if he had some help.
I don't know how Tom died.
You weren't actually the one who did that, were you?
What do you want to do while we're waiting for Tom?
Tom said he probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
I didn't want to kiss Tom.
You were very the first one to do that, weren't you?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom to do that?
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that by himself.
I didn't want Tom to sing.
You were the one who wanted to do that, weren't you?
Was it you who told Tom he doesn't have to do that?
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that by himself.
I didn't pay Tom anything.
You were the first person who did that, weren't you?
This is the first time Tom has ever been in Boston.
Tom said he has something he wanted to do this afternoon.
I didn't notice Tom leave.
You were actually the one who did that, weren't you?
There's no reason Tom needs to know why I did that.
Tom said he has something he needed to do this afternoon.
I didn't help Tom do that.
You think that doing that is a good idea, don't you?
The way Tom does that seems a little strange to me.
Tom said he didn't know how to do that until last summer.
I didn't hear Tom come in.
You think doing that would be worthwhile, don't you?
That wasn't the only reason why Tom had to do that.
Tom promised me he'd pay back the money he owes me today.
I didn't have to help Tom.
You still don't know who's going to do that, do you?
So far, Tom is the only one who's said he's coming.
Tom probably just didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I didn't ask Tom anything.
You shouldn't have done that without our permission.
Please tell Tom to buy a couple of loaves of bread.
Tom probably just didn't know he was supposed to do that.
I didn't apologize to Tom.
You should've been able to do that without our help.
Please make sure Tom does what he's supposed to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
I didn't actually hit Tom.
You should've been able to do that without any help.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
Tom probably doesn't know how to explain how he did that.
I did that instead of Tom.
You often speak French with your friends, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
I can swim, but Tom can't.
You know why I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
Tom probably doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
I came to Boston with Tom.
You know I was supposed to do that today, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
Tom pretended not to notice what was written on the sign.
How did Tom break his leg?
You knew we weren't supposed to do that, didn't you?
It was very considerate of you to buy that for Tom.
Tom let go of the rope and the bucket fell into the well.
How badly was Tom injured?
You haven't had the chance to do that yet, have you?
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have let Tom do that.
Tom knew there were plenty of people who agreed with him.
Have you ever lied to Tom?
You haven't done that in a very long time, have you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
Tom knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Even Tom can speak French.
You have our full support no matter what you decide.
I'm sure Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom isn't able to do that alone. You'll have to help him.
Did Tom like it in Boston?
You don't think I want to do that right now, do you?
Tom is the only one who won't be at the meeting tomorrow.
Ask Tom to come to Boston.
You don't know when I'm supposed to do that, do you?
I'm staying at the same hotel where Tom is staying.
Tom is planning to buy a small island just off the coast.
Ask Tom if we can do that.
You don't have to go to Boston if you don't want to.
I'll see if Tom knows how to program in JavaScript.
Tom is one of the three guys who weren't able to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to go.
You didn't think I'd be tempted to do that, did you?
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom is one of the thirty people who were told to do that.
Ask Tom if he can do that.
You didn't seem to be having any trouble doing that.
I wouldn't allow Tom to go to Boston if I were you.
Tom hasn't told me where he wants me to put his suitcase.
Are you sure Tom is ready?
You didn't seem to be aware that you had to do that.
I wonder if Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom has three sons who are professional baseball players.
"Who did that?" "Tom did."
You didn't look like you were in a hurry to do that.
I wonder if Tom is really as rich as he says he is.
Tom has finished painting the picture he's been painting.
Your reply surprised Tom.
You didn't know that I was able to do that, did you?
I wasn't the one who told Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tom has been working hard all day, even though he's sick.
You trust Tom, don't you?
You didn't know I no longer had to do that, did you?
I wasn't the one who told Tom he needed to do that.
Tom has been walking with a cane ever since his accident.
You really impressed Tom.
You didn't have enough strength to do that, did you?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he'd done.
Tom has been playing the trombone for almost three years.
You don't pay Tom enough.
Would you mind taking care of my dog while I'm away?
I wasn't surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom has been playing the drums for less than three years.
Will Tom do that with us?
Who was the person you were talking to a moment ago?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom has advised me to do that before I go back to Boston.
Will Tom buy that for us?
What's wrong with the way we're planning to do that?
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom had trouble sleeping because of the pain in his legs.
Why is Tom so mad at you?
We should've expected something like this to happen.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to do that.
Why did Tom get so angry?
We always get a lot of mosquitoes this time of year.
I was surprised when Tom told me what had happened.
Tom doesn't have to do that if he doesn't really want to.
Why did Tom do that here?
We always get a lot of complaints this time of year.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he didn't come.
Tom didn't know you were supposed to do that by yourself.
Who's in Boston with Tom?
Those are the children you'll be teaching French to.
I used to work at the same place that Tom does now.
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning.
When did Tom buy his car?
There's nothing I'll be able to do about that today.
I told Tom that I don't have permission to do that.
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that by ourselves.
What's Tom good at doing?
There are several reasons why you shouldn't do that.
I told Tom that I didn't need to be there tomorrow.
Tom didn't know that I was supposed to do that by myself.
What Tom said isn't true.
The question is how to say no without sounding rude.
I told Tom that I didn't have to be there tomorrow.
Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
We expect Tom to do that.
The old man standing under the tree seemed confused.
I told Tom I wanted him to teach me how to do that.
Tom didn't begin playing the guitar until just last year.
Those aren't Tom's shoes.
The last thing I remember were the lights going out.
I told Tom I thought I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and I take turns reading bedtime stories to the kids.
This isn't Tom's bicycle.
The house I grew up in didn't have an indoor toilet.
I told Tom I didn't know what I was supposed to do.
Tom and I stayed at a fancy hotel when we were in Boston.
This bicycle isn't Tom's.
Strawberries aren't only delicious, they're healthy.
I thought you were going to ask Tom not to do that.
Tom and I often go out for a couple of drinks after work.
They know what Tom wants.
Please make sure that you do that at 2:30 every day.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that today.
Tom and I hung out together a lot when we were teenagers.
These books aren't Tom's.
Please check and see if we'll be allowed to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom and I have gone out for lunch together several times.
Perhaps Tom will do that.
Most people don't like to do that when it's raining.
I thought Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I aren't the only ones here who can speak French.
Only Tom spoke in French.
It's going to be tough to do that without your help.
I thought Tom would be amused by what was going on.
Tom and I are the ones who are supposed to be doing that.
My room is next to Tom's.
It would probably be foolish to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom would be able to get that done today.
Tom and I are planning to get married on Valentine's Day.
My desk is next to Tom's.
It won't take as long to do that as you might think.
I think Tom would be doing that now if he knew how.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't wanted to.
My closest friend is Tom.
It took me a more time than usual to get here today.
I think Tom won't be gone by the time we get there.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't needed to.
My brother's name is Tom.
It probably wouldn't be wise to do that by yourself.
I think Tom will be drunk by the time we get there.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without our help.
Maybe Tom didn't do that.
It probably wouldn't be safe to do that by yourself.
I think Tom is probably older than you think he is.
Tom wouldn't be allowed to do that even if he wanted to.
Let's get Tom to do that.
It probably wouldn't be easy to do that by yourself.
I think Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd known how to.
Let's ask Tom to help us.
If would've been good to do that, so why didn't you?
I suggest that you go to Boston with Tom next week.
Tom would be very disappointed if he saw you doing that.
Let's ask Tom to do that.
If we don't do that soon, we won't be able to do it.
I should've done that the way Tom told me to do it.
Tom won't likely be present at this afternoon's meeting.
Let Tom buy that for you.
If it weren't raining, I'd be able to do that today.
I should tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom won't likely be as grumpy today as he was yesterday.
Is Tom unable to do that?
I've been living in Boston for the past three years.
I should probably tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom won't be able to do anything you've asked him to do.
Is Tom still a bartender?
I've been asked not to tell you anything about that.
I should probably tell Tom I don't want to do that.
Tom will probably be interested in seeing your pictures.
Is Tom really doing that?
I'm probably the only person here who has done that.
I should probably tell Tom I don't need to do that.
Tom will likely go to Boston during his summer vacation.
Is Tom afraid to do that?
I'll be very disappointed if the picnic is canceled.
I should probably tell Tom I don't have to do that.
Tom will likely be very grateful if you do that for him.
I've seen Tom doing that.
I'd like to invite you to lunch, if you're not busy.
I never told Tom I wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom will be going back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I've never seen Tom swim.
I wish there were something else I could do to help.
I never told Tom I didn't know how to speak French.
Tom wasn't able to remember where he had parked his car.
I'm sure Tom will be shy.
I was going to do that, but it was late so I didn't.
I might've been in Boston at the same time Tom was.
Tom was in the kitchen making a salad when we got there.
I'm sure Tom can do that.
I was able to do that better than I thought I would.
I know this isn't the first time Tom has done that.
Tom told me that he thought he might be able to do that.
I wonder if Tom is upset.
I wanted to go to college, but I couldn't afford to.
I hope that Tom likes the present I bought for him.
Tom told me that I'm the strongest person he's ever met.
I wonder if Tom is tired.
I want to know how much time you've spent in Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
Tom told me he thought it would be dangerous to do that.
I wonder if Tom is right.
I want to know how much time it took you to do that.
I doubt very seriously that that will frighten Tom.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
I wonder if Tom is drunk.
I want to get a tattoo of a mermaid on my right arm.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be suspicious.
Tom thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I wonder if Tom is crazy.
I want to buy that. However, I don't have any money.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be reasonable.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't want to do that.
I wonder if Tom is broke.
I thought you were supposed to doing that right now.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be interested.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't need to do that.
I wonder if Tom is bored.
I thought you said you were glad you didn't do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be handcuffed.
Tom still hasn't told me why he doesn't have to do that.
I wonder if Tom is awake.
I thought you said you were excused from doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be doing that.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games when he was a kid.
I wonder if Tom is angry.
I thought you said you wanted to do that right away.
I doubt that Tom really intended to do that or not.
Tom should've been able to do that with his eyes closed.
I wonder if Tom is alone.
I thought you said you had forgotten how to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom should be able to do that if he puts his mind to it.
I wonder if Tom is alive.
I thought I'd be able to do what you asked me to do.
I doubt if Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Tom seemed to be worried about what was going to happen.
I won't make Tom do that.
I think that I'll go to Boston the month after next.
I don't think that Tom did his homework by himself.
Tom seemed like he was a lot happier than he used to be.
I won't help Tom anymore.
I think it'll be necessary for you to do that again.
I don't think Tom will be up at this time of night.
Tom says he thinks it'll be impossible to do that today.
I won't do that with Tom.
I think it would be a good idea if someone did that.
I don't think Tom will be the first one to do that.
Tom says he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
I wish Tom had done that.
I think I'm the only person who can do that for you.
I don't think Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom says he has something he needs to do this afternoon.
I went to Boston for Tom.
I think I should stay in Boston a little bit longer.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I want to make Tom smile.
I really should've stayed in Boston a little longer.
I don't think Tom has studied French for very long.
Tom says he doesn't think he has enough time to do that.
I thought Tom was sleepy.
I often listen to the radio while doing my homework.
I don't like the same kind of movies that Tom does.
Tom says he doesn't know when he's supposed to be there.
I thought Tom was scared.
I may be able to stay in Boston for three more days.
I don't know who Tom wants to go to the dance with.
Tom says he can't remember things as well as he used to.
I thought Tom was lonely.
I know that I won't have enough strength to do that.
I don't know who Tom is going to go to Boston with.
Tom says he can't believe he finally managed to do that.
I thought Tom was hungry.
I know I don't have enough money to buy what I want.
I don't know whether Tom intends to do that or not.
Tom says he and his friends often play beach volleyball.
I thought Tom was afraid.
I know I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I don't know how to do what Tom has asked me to do.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who had to do that.
I thought Tom was absent.
I hope you can understand why I'm afraid to do that.
I don't allow my children to play with Tom anymore.
Tom said it was time to start thinking about doing that.
I think Tom will be last.
I hope you asked for permission before you did that.
I didn't want to say anything that might upset Tom.
Tom said it probably wouldn't take much time to do that.
I think Tom will be cold.
I hope to be back in Boston by the end of the month.
I didn't want Tom to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom said he's really glad he was asked to give a speech.
I think Tom is unmarried.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom said he'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
I think Tom is terrified.
I don't yet have enough money to buy the car I want.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston last weekend.
Tom said he'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
I think Tom is skeptical.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in prison.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that for so long.
Tom said he'd be able to do that, but he wasn't able to.
I think Tom is irritated.
I don't want to spend any more time discussing this.
I didn't think Tom was glad that that had happened.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
I think Tom is incorrect.
I don't think we should delay doing that any longer.
I didn't think Tom was difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
I think Tom is impressed.
I don't think I'd be doing that if I didn't want to.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never been to Boston before.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to get that done today.
I think Tom is impatient.
I don't think I have enough energy to do that today.
I didn't tell Tom anything about what had happened.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
I think Tom is exhausted.
I don't need to go back to Boston until next Monday.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Tom said he thought he might not be required to do that.
I think Tom is easygoing.
I don't know who's living in the house next to mine.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to do that with.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that by himself.
I think Tom is desperate.
I don't have very many friends who can speak French.
I didn't know whether Tom would agree to go or not.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that by himself.
I think Tom is depressed.
I don't have to go back to Boston until next Monday.
I didn't know whether Tom was good at chess or not.
Tom said he knew he might be permitted to do that today.
I think Tom is confident.
I don't have any time right now, so I can't do that.
I didn't know whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
Tom said he hoped he got home before it started raining.
I think Tom is concerned.
I don't have any problem that I can't handle myself.
I didn't know what time to meet Tom at the airport.
Tom said he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I should've let Tom sing.
I don't have a dog now, but I used to have a poodle.
I didn't know that you'd be here until Tom told me.
Tom said he didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
I should let Tom help me.
I didn't want to tell anybody about what I had done.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to help us clean the garage out.
I should let Tom do that.
I didn't think you'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that Tom used to live on Park Street.
Tom said he didn't think that's what we should be doing.
I owe Tom a lot of money.
I didn't think you would be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that Tom had decided to quit his job.
Tom said he couldn't remember where he'd parked the car.
I often help Tom do that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
I didn't know Tom would have to do that on his own.
Tom said he couldn't remember his French teacher's name.
I might see Tom tomorrow.
I didn't tell my friends that I was going to Boston.
I didn't know Tom would have to do that by himself.
Tom said I didn't sound as excited as he thought I'd be.
I know why Tom is afraid.
I didn't tell anyone what I was getting ready to do.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that today.
Tom refused to tell me how much his new motorcycle cost.
I know that Tom is young.
I didn't tell anyone that I'd dropped out of school.
I didn't know Tom was still living with his parents.
Tom probably won't be able to do that without your help.
I know that Tom is wrong.
I didn't start to play the flute until I was thirty.
I didn't have any money, so I couldn't go with Tom.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he's got to do that today.
I know that Tom is weird.
I didn't start playing the recorder until last year.
I bet Tom would be able to show you how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that again anytime soon.
I know that Tom is upset.
I didn't start playing the banjo until I was thirty.
How many more months do you think Tom will do that?
Tom probably doesn't know who he should ask to help him.
I know that Tom is tired.
I didn't need to come here today, but I came anyway.
Even though it's a holiday, Tom went to his office.
Tom probably doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
I know that Tom is sorry.
I didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would take longer.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
I know that Tom is smart.
I didn't know you were still living with your parents.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be more fun.
Tom only needed to tell me once what he wanted me to do.
I know that Tom is short.
I didn't know you were so good at playing the drums.
Do you think you could persuade Tom not to do that?
Tom needs to make sure that he's ready to leave by 2:30.
I know that Tom is right.
I didn't know who my French teacher was going to be.
Do you think Tom would still be willing to do that?
Tom needs to be more careful the next time he does that.
I know that Tom is ready.
I didn't know whether I'd be able to do that or not.
Do you think Tom might be interested in doing that?
Tom learned how to do that when he was living in Boston.
I know that Tom is picky.
I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say anything.
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't having a good time?
Tom knows there are plenty of people who agree with him.
I know that Tom is lucky.
I didn't know that you were going to Boston with us.
Didn't you know that Tom isn't planning to do that?
Tom knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
I know that Tom is heavy.
I didn't know it was possible to get there by train.
Didn't you know Tom used to teach French in Boston?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he should.
I know that Tom is funny.
I didn't know I shouldn't be doing what I was doing.
Didn't you know Tom didn't have a driver's license?
Tom isn't doing that because he doesn't think he has to.
I know that Tom is drunk.
I didn't have time to finish my homework last night.
Did you tell Tom I didn't actually want to do that?
Tom is unconvinced that doing that would be a good idea.
I know that Tom is crazy.
I didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Did you know Tom was still living with his parents?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to want to be here.
I know that Tom is broke.
I didn't have enough time to do what I wanted to do.
Did you know Tom is actually not very conservative?
Tom is the only one in our class who can play the banjo.
I know that Tom is brave.
I didn't have enough time to do what I needed to do.
You're the only one who ever really talked to Tom.
Tom is the one I want to spend the rest of my life with.
I know that Tom is bossy.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I had to buy.
You'll never forgive Tom for doing that, will you?
Tom is probably the only person who can help us do that.
I know that Tom is bored.
I didn't have any money, so I couldn't buy any food.
You'd never forgive Tom if he did that, would you?
Tom is probably the only person who can help me do that.
I know that Tom is blind.
I didn't get up early enough to catch the first bus.
You'd be willing to do that for Tom, wouldn't you?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were asked to leave.
I know that Tom is awake.
I didn't get my driver's license until I was thirty.
You weren't surprised that Tom did that, were you?
Tom is a better pitcher this year than he was last year.
I know that Tom is alone.
I didn't do that because I didn't think I needed to.
You were surprised when Tom did that, weren't you?
Tom hasn't changed a bit since that last time I saw him.
I know that Tom is alive.
I didn't care who helped me, as long as someone did.
You warned Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
Tom has two daughters who are married and one who isn't.
I know that Tom did that.
I bought that house on Park Street I told you about.
You tried to talk Tom into doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been waiting for that to happen for a long time.
I know Tom would do that.
How much time do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You tried to stop Tom from doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been trying to figure out what needs to be done.
I know Tom won't do that.
How much more time do you think you need to do that?
You told Tom I had trouble doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been playing the harmonica for most of his life.
I know Tom was surprised.
How much money do you have in your wallet right now?
You told Tom I didn't like doing that, didn't you?
Tom has been living by himself for the past three years.
I know Tom has been hurt.
How many times have you been absent from this class?
You told Tom I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
Tom has been living by himself for the last three years.
I know Tom could do that.
How many times did you go to the hospital last year?
You thought Tom would want to do that, didn't you?
Tom has always been one of the best players on our team.
I know Tom can't do that.
How many sandwiches do you think you ate last month?
You thought Tom would need to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
I knew Tom could do that.
How many minutes do you think it'll take to do that?
You thought Tom would like to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't like fish very much and very seldom eats it.
I hope Tom won't do that.
How many days do you estimate it'll take to do that?
You thought Tom would have to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't like fish very much and seldom ever eats it.
I hope Tom wins the race.
How did you know that I already knew how to do that?
You thought Tom had done that already, didn't you?
Tom doesn't know why his boss wants him to go to Boston.
I hope Tom likes it here.
Even though it'll take a lot of money, I'll do that.
You think Tom won't be able to do that, don't you?
Tom does drink at least one cup of coffee every morning.
I hope Tom isn't nervous.
Don't you come to Boston three or four times a year?
You should've asked Tom for permission to do that.
Tom didn't tell his friends that he was going to Boston.
I hope Tom isn't jealous.
Don't forget to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
You know how much Tom hates doing that, don't you?
Tom didn't start playing the violin until he was thirty.
I hope Tom isn't annoyed.
Do you think it would be possible for us to do that?
You know Tom isn't supposed to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him what I'd done.
I hope Tom is supportive.
Do you still eat hamburgers as often as you used to?
You knew Tom wouldn't stop doing that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the law.
I hope Tom is reasonable.
Do you really think it would interesting to do that?
You knew Tom wasn't likely to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know that I was supposed to help him do that.
I hope Tom is optimistic.
Do you really think it would be romantic to do that?
You knew Tom said he wouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know anything at all about what had happened.
I hope Tom is interested.
Do you really think it would be possible to do that?
You knew Tom said he going to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't get his driver's license until he was thirty.
I hope Tom is handcuffed.
Do you believe that we aren't alone in the universe?
You knew Tom didn't intend to do that, didn't you?
Tom didn't do that as much last week as he usually does.
I hope Tom is doing that.
Could you check to see if the garage door is closed?
You hope that Tom will do that for you, don't you?
Tom didn't begin to study French until late in his life.
I hope Tom gets arrested.
As I told you before, I'm going to do that tomorrow.
You hope Tom will want to do that, too, don't you?
Tom decided to go back to doing that the way he used to.
I helped Tom to his feet.
Are there many good restaurants near where you live?
You hope Tom doesn't ask us to do that, don't you?
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened.
I helped Tom tie his tie.
About how many days does it usually take to do that?
You didn't tell Tom why I had to do that, did you?
Tom could've been in Boston by now if he'd wanted to be.
I helped Tom make dinner.
"Who helped you?" "No one, I did everything myself."
You didn't realize Tom needed to do that, did you?
Tom can't stay in Boston. He has to get back to Chicago.
I helped Tom fix his car.
"Have you ever done that?" "Yes, but only one time."
You didn't learn how to do that from Tom, did you?
Tom called his wife to tell her he'd be late for dinner.
I hate shopping with Tom.
You're the only person I'd consider giving this to.
You didn't know that Tom used to do that, did you?
Tom bought three bicycles, one for each of his children.
I don't want to kiss Tom.
You're the only one who'll be permitted to do that.
You didn't expect Tom to want to do that, did you?
Tom asked me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread.
I don't want Tom to sing.
You're the only one who seems to be having any fun.
You asked Tom why he hadn't done that, didn't you?
Tom and I were the first people to volunteer to do that.
I don't think Tom is shy.
You're likely the only person who wants to do that.
You asked Tom if he'd like to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I went fishing together a few times last spring.
I don't think Tom is sad.
You're likely the only person who needs to do that.
You asked Tom if he wanted to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I played ping pong together yesterday afternoon.
I don't think Tom is old.
You'll likely lose some weight if follow this diet.
Why don't you let Tom know that you won't do that?
Tom and I played in the backyard together all afternoon.
I don't think Tom is mad.
You wouldn't be able to do that tonight, would you?
Why don't you let Tom know that you can't do that?
Tom and I have always gotten along well with each other.
I don't think Tom is fat.
You won't be permitted to do that without a permit.
Why don't you get Tom to teach you how to do that?
Tom and I didn't like each other when we were teenagers.
I didn't want Tom's help.
You won't be able to do that without a lot of help.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't remember doing that?
Tom and I are both married to women younger than we are.
I didn't try to kiss Tom.
You won't be able to do that without a little help.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't know how to do that?
Tom wouldn't be happy if we made him do that, would he?
I didn't think about Tom.
You were very the last one to do that, weren't you?
When did you find out Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom wondered why none of his friends wanted to do that.
I didn't like Tom's idea.
You were only allowed to do that once, weren't you?
Was it you who told Tom he didn't need to do that?
Tom will probably get injured if he does that that way.
I didn't let Tom kiss me.
You were doing that just this morning, weren't you?
Was it you who told Tom he didn't have to do that?
Tom will probably be able to do that faster on his own.
I didn't let Tom give up.
You want to be the first one to do that, don't you?
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom do that.
Tom will probably be able to do that faster by himself.
I didn't let Tom do that.
You think that doing that is a bad idea, don't you?
There's no way Tom would do something that stupid.
Tom will likely be awake before the rest of the family.
I didn't help Tom at all.
You think doing that would be a mistake, don't you?
The reason Tom went to Boston was to do just that.
Tom will be finished doing that by the end of the week.
I didn't do that for Tom.
You think I do that at least once a day, don't you?
The police said the search for Tom would continue.
Tom was the first one in our family to visit Australia.
I didn't ask Tom to help.
You still haven't learned how to do that, have you?
The only one here who's willing to do that is Tom.
Tom told me that he's glad that that's going to happen.
I could help Tom do that.
You still don't know why I need to do that, do you?
The only one here who can probably do that is Tom.
Tom told me that he thought you could probably do that.
I can't make Tom do that.
You still don't know why I have to do that, do you?
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a blue cap.
Tom told me he's been living in Boston for three years.
I believed what Tom said.
You should try doing that while you're still young.
That was the first time Tom had ever been injured.
Tom told me he wanted to wait until October to do that.
I appreciated Tom's help.
You only did that because you had no choice, right?
That was the first time I'd ever seen Tom do that.
Tom told me he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
How long was Tom married?
You know we weren't supposed to do that, don't you?
That was the first time I ever saw Tom doing that.
Tom thought he might be required to do that by himself.
How did Tom go to Boston?
You know that I'm not likely to do that, don't you?
Since Tom isn't feeling well, he won't do that with us.
Tom suggested that I do that tomorrow instead of today.
Hasn't Tom done that yet?
You know that I'm not afraid to do that, don't you?
Please tell Tom that he isn't required to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't want to do that.
Has Tom broken any rules?
You know that I'm determined to do that, don't you?
Please tell Tom he needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't need to do that.
Doing that made Tom sick.
You knew doing that would be difficult, didn't you?
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to get here early.
Tom still hasn't told me why he didn't have to do that.
Doesn't Tom teach French?
You knew I'd wouldn't agree to do that, didn't you?
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to bring anything.
Tom started crying the minute his mother left the room.
Doesn't Tom study French?
You knew I'd have to do that by myself, didn't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
Tom spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
Doesn't Tom speak French?
You knew I wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
Tom should've been glad that he didn't have to do that.
Does Tom need to do that?
You hope to be the first one to do that, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
Tom should've been able to finish doing that yesterday.
Do you like Tom's design?
You hope that you won't have to do that, don't you?
It was very considerate of you to do that for Tom.
Tom should do that, because it's the right thing to do.
Did Tom buy that for you?
You have to go to Boston next Monday for a meeting.
If Tom says that he wants to do that, ask him why.
Tom seemed to be very interested in what was happening.
Can you buy that for Tom?
You don't think I'm going to do that again, do you?
I've promised Tom I wouldn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what had happened.
Ask Tom if he'll do that.
You don't think I'll be allowed to do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him he had to do that.
Ask Tom if he needs help.
You don't seem to understand why I need to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom says he's gotten plenty of support from his family.
You look older than Tom.
You don't really think I wanted to do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom would appreciate any help he can get.
Tom says he thinks he'll be able to do that by himself.
You look a lot like Tom.
You don't really think I needed to do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom won't be here the day after tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
You look a bit like Tom.
You don't really plan to stay up all night, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be broke by the end of the week.
Tom says he doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Why's Tom afraid of you?
You don't have to talk about it if I don't want to.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will never do that again.
Tom says he doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Why didn't Tom help you?
You don't believe I really have to do that, do you?
I won't tell Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom says he can't stand people who do things like that.
Why did that bother Tom?
You didn't know I was supposed to do that, did you?
I wish you hadn't told Tom I hadn't done that yet.
Tom says birds wake him up every morning in the summer.
Why did Tom leave early?
You didn't know I was finished doing that, did you?
I wish I'd remembered to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom sat on the floor surrounded by a bunch of children.
Who'll do that with Tom?
You didn't have the permission to do that, did you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I forgot to do that.
Tom sat at the kitchen table and listened to the radio.
We heard Tom doing that.
You could stop us from doing that if you wanted to.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd help him do that.
Tom said we needed at least $300 to buy what we needed.
We asked Tom to help us.
We've been told not to try doing that by ourselves.
I went swimming with Tom the day before yesterday.
Tom said that probably won't happen in the near future.
Was it Tom who did that?
We'll stay inside all day even if it isn't raining.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he couldn't do that.
Tom said that probably won't happen again anytime soon.
Was Tom waiting for you?
We have to go to Boston next weekend for a wedding.
I want to know why Tom isn't working here anymore.
Tom said that his doctor told him not to smoke anymore.
Warn Tom not to do that.
We don't usually get very many customers on Monday.
I want to know how much time Tom spent doing that.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be dangerous.
Those aren't Tom's cats.
We can't come to Boston for Thanksgiving this year.
I waited for Tom all afternoon, but he never came.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be safe.
These pens aren't Tom's.
We always get a lot of donations this time of year.
I told Tom to stay in Boston for a few more weeks.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be easy.
These glasses are Tom's.
The police chief said no arrests had been made yet.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help.
The drink made Tom sick.
The girl sitting next to me on the bus seemed sick.
I told Tom not to do that the way he was doing it.
Tom said he'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tell Tom not to do that.
That's a problem that still needs to be dealt with.
I told Tom I thought I was going to die in prison.
Tom said he wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Should Tom go to Boston?
That movie wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
I told Tom I didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Perhaps Tom can do that.
Please give me a little more time to consider that.
I thought you said you'd never ask Tom to do that.
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known he had to.
My answer surprised Tom.
People don't visit Boston as often as they used to.
I thought you said you'd keep Tom from doing that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Maybe Tom isn't at home.
One of the names on the list seemed familiar to me.
I thought you said you wanted to do that with Tom.
Tom said he wished he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Is Tom still doing that?
One of the men waiting in line seemed very nervous.
I thought you said you promised Tom you'd do that.
Tom said he was very concerned about what might happen.
Is Tom really in Boston?
Let me show you this new hammer that I just bought.
I thought Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he usually goes to Boston three times a month.
Is Tom ready to do that?
It's not easy to get here by public transportation.
I thought Tom would be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be up.
It's important that you learn to do that correctly.
I thought Tom was going to ask you not to do that.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that by himself.
I'll ask Tom to do that.
It's important for us to do that while we're young.
I thought Tom was better at doing that than I was.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that for me.
I wonder why Tom is sad.
It's getting cold in here. Let's close the windows?
I thought Tom said he didn't know how to get here.
Tom said he thought he might not be allowed to do that.
I wonder if Tom is sick.
It would probably be unsafe to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that this week.
I wonder if Tom is safe.
It would probably be stupid to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom didn't enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that this week.
I wonder if Tom is rich.
It would be fantastic if we could do that together.
I thought I was supposed to meet Tom here at 2:30.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
I wonder if Tom is home.
It wasn't in Boston that we met. It was in Chicago.
I think you should try to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom said he only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
I wonder if Tom is here.
It probably wouldn't be fun to do that by yourself.
I think Tom would like to be able to speak French.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to learn how to do that.
I wonder if Tom is done.
It probably would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
I think Tom would be embarrassed if that happened.
Tom said he doesn't understand why you want to do that.
I wonder if Tom is dead.
If you're busy tomorrow, you don't have to do that.
I think Tom won't be in his office this afternoon.
Tom said he doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
I wonder if Tom is cold.
If you have some free time, let's do that together.
I think Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom said he doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
I watched Tom swim laps.
If we were to go to Boston, how would we get there?
I think Tom might get hurt if he tries to do that.
Tom said I didn't speak French well enough for the job.
I was going to kiss Tom.
If we do that now, we won't have to do it tomorrow.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what he needs to do.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
I was going to help Tom.
If I'd been there, I wouldn't have let you do that.
I think Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
I wanted to talk to Tom.
I'm the only one who won't be at the meeting today.
I think Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
Tom often refuses to eat what his mother makes for him.
I wanted to go with Tom.
I'm the only one who has to do that again tomorrow.
I think Tom could be happy here if he tried to be.
Tom needs to make sure that he has everything he needs.
I want to see Tom dance.
I'm sure you could do that if you really wanted to.
I still haven't told Tom why I'm going to do that.
Tom must've missed the train he was supposed to get on.
I told Tom I was lonely.
I'm now thinking about whether or not I'll do that.
I should tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom laid the magazine he had been reading on the table.
I thought Tom was upset.
I'd rather do that now while it's still not so hot.
I should tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
I thought Tom was tired.
I wouldn't have gone to Boston if I didn't have to.
I should probably tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom is the only person I know who can probably do that.
I thought Tom was right.
I won't be able to go to Boston with you next week.
I knew it wasn't the first time Tom had done that.
Tom is the only one who volunteered to help us do that.
I thought Tom was ready.
I was told that I wouldn't be permitted to do that.
I knew Tom was making a lot more money than I was.
Tom is still the same friendly person he's always been.
I thought Tom was lying.
I want to spend time with my children this weekend.
I hope Tom isn't glad that that's going to happen.
Tom is probably in front of the school waiting for you.
I thought Tom was first.
I want to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
I got to know Tom while I was in Boston last year.
Tom is one of the thirty people who'll need to do that.
I thought Tom was drunk.
I want to get my driver's license as soon as I can.
I forgot to tell Tom to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom is one of the thirty people who'll have to do that.
I thought Tom was crazy.
I thought you were supposed to be here last Monday.
I finally found the courage to ask Tom to do that.
Tom is on both the soccer team and the basketball team.
I thought Tom was broke.
I thought you said you wanted to do that last week.
I doubt very seriously that that will impress Tom.
Tom has two daughter who are married and one who isn't.
I thought Tom was bored.
I thought you didn't to know how to play the piano.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be suspended.
Tom has no close friends to help him with his problems.
I thought Tom was awake.
I think that I can go to Boston with you next week.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be irritated.
Tom has just finished reading a book written in French.
I thought Tom was alone.
I studied French really intensely for about a year.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be impressed.
Tom has decided to stay in Boston for three more weeks.
I think it's Tom's turn.
I should've been able to do that without your help.
I don't want to talk to Tom, but I have no choice.
Tom has already told me he doesn't know how to do that.
I think Tom is unafraid.
I might need to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I don't want to say anything that might upset Tom.
Tom has a couple of friends who speak French very well.
I think Tom is ticklish.
I might be able to go to Boston with you next week.
I don't think it would be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom had a calendar hanging on the wall behind his desk.
I think Tom is relieved.
I left my hat somewhere and I can't remember where.
I don't think Tom will be the next one to do that.
Tom escaped from prison through a tunnel that he found.
I think Tom is finished.
I know I shouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom will be the last one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to go outside on a cold day like this.
I think Tom is divorced.
I keep making the same mistake over and over again.
I don't think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
Tom doesn't think that the judge's decision was unfair.
I think Tom is autistic.
I just found out that you used to be a taxi driver.
I don't think Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a good idea.
I spoke French with Tom.
I have three volunteers who are helping me do that.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't think he'll have the time to do that today.
I should've trusted Tom.
I don't want to admit I didn't know how to do that.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he ought to do that.
I should've married Tom.
I don't understand why I'm not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom really had to do that yesterday.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he needs to do that.
I should've invited Tom.
I don't think you should be doing that by yourself.
I don't think Tom needs to do that until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't really know French well enough to teach it.
I really don't like Tom.
I don't think that doing that would be a good idea.
I don't think Tom could do that without some help.
Tom doesn't like speaking in French and I don't either.
I often see Tom do that.
I don't think I'm smart enough to get into Harvard.
I don't think I should tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom doesn't know who's living in the house next to his.
I never saw Tom do that.
I don't really know French well enough to teach it.
I don't really expect Tom to answer that question.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him do that.
I know why Tom is upset.
I don't mind if you start eating before I get home.
I don't like the same kind of music that Tom does.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car if he doesn't want to.
I know why Tom is tired.
I don't know how to deal with that kind of problem.
I don't like the same kind of books that Tom does.
Tom doesn't have to say anything if he doesn't want to.
I know that Tom is weak.
I don't know for sure whether I can do that or not.
I don't like mushroom soup and Tom doesn't either.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know how to do that.
I know that Tom is tall.
I don't have the power to stop that from happening.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me at his party.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom is sick.
I don't have enough time to do what has to be done.
I don't know who Tom is planning to see in Boston.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he needed to do that.
I know that Tom is safe.
I don't have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't know whether what Tom says is true or not.
Tom didn't know how much money he should take with him.
I know that Tom is rich.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I don't know whether Tom is good at skiing or not.
Tom didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
I know that Tom is poor.
I didn't think you'd be here, but I'm glad you are.
I don't know whether Tom is good at French or not.
Tom could've been suspicious, but he didn't seem to be.
I know that Tom is nice.
I didn't think that's what we should've been doing.
I don't know when Tom is planning to go to Boston.
Tom could've been frightened, but he didn't seem to be.
I know that Tom is lost.
I didn't think I would be the first one to do that.
I don't know that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom could refuse to do that, but I don't think he will.
I know that Tom is lazy.
I didn't take the medicine that the doctor gave me.
I don't know how Tom was able to afford a new car.
Tom could force you to do that, but I doubt if he will.
I know that Tom is kind.
I didn't really have to come into the office today.
I don't care whether Tom does his homework or not.
Tom could be sleepy. He got up very early this morning.
I know that Tom is home.
I didn't realize I shouldn't have tried doing that.
I didn't want to tell Tom about what had happened.
Tom continues to deny that he was the one who did that.
I know that Tom is here.
I didn't know you were still a high school student.
I didn't want to talk to Tom, but I had no choice.
Tom asked whose coat it was and I told him it was mine.
I know that Tom is fine.
I didn't know what was in the big box on the table.
I didn't want to do anything that would upset Tom.
Tom and his girlfriend were here together this morning.
I know that Tom is deaf.
I didn't know what time I was supposed to be there.
I didn't want to bother Tom while he was studying.
Tom and I've decided not to go to Boston for Christmas.
I know that Tom is dead.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today.
I didn't think Tom would be exhausted, but he was.
Tom and I want to spend the rest of our lives together.
I know that Tom is cold.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that by himself.
Tom and I used to visit each other every other weekend.
I know that Tom is bald.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be awake when I got home.
Tom and I often sit on the porch together after dinner.
I know how Tom got rich.
I didn't know that what we were doing wasn't legal.
I didn't think Tom would be at school last Monday.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what color curtains to buy.
I know how Tom got hurt.
I didn't know I didn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that today.
Tom almost froze to death when he fell through the ice.
I know Tom's dog's name.
I didn't have time to do everything had to be done.
I didn't think I would be awake when Tom got home.
Tom admitted that that was the real reason he did that.
I know Tom likes reggae.
I didn't have time to do everything I wanted to do.
I didn't thank Tom enough for all the work he did.
Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I knew why Tom did that.
I didn't get a driver's license until I was thirty.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd be in Boston this week.
Tom won't likely be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I knew Tom's first wife.
I didn't figure out how to do that until yesterday.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't intend to do that.
Tom will likely be curious why you decided to do that.
I hope Tom will help me.
I didn't do that because I didn't have enough time.
I didn't tell Tom anything he didn't already know.
Tom will come back from Boston this week or next week.
I hope Tom never leaves.
I can understand why you might not want to do that.
I didn't really think Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom will be able to do that if he puts his mind to it.
I hope Tom isn't sleepy.
How often do you change the strings on your guitar?
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom wasn't able to remember where he put his passport.
I hope Tom isn't scared.
How much time do you estimate is needed to do that?
I didn't let Tom finish what he was trying to say.
Tom was the only other person who should've done that.
I hope Tom isn't lonely.
How many months do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't know why Tom couldn't go camping with us.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me that question.
I hope Tom isn't grumpy.
How many hamburgers do you think you ate last year?
I didn't know who Tom wanted to go to Boston with.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help us do that.
I hope Tom isn't biased.
How many cups of coffee did you drink this morning?
I didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom was smart enough to not try doing that by himself.
I hope Tom isn't afraid.
How many churches do you think there are in Boston?
I didn't know that Tom was going to be here today.
Tom was smart enough not to try doing that by himself.
I hope Tom is surprised.
How long does it take to get the airport from here?
I didn't know Tom had never been to Boston before.
Tom used to be able to play the saxophone fairly well.
I hope Tom is skeptical.
Have you heard about what happened in Boston today?
I didn't have to tell Tom, but I thought I should.
Tom told me that he's curious about why that happened.
I hope Tom is organized.
Even though it'll take a lot of time, I'll do that.
I didn't have enough money to buy what Tom wanted.
Tom told me that he was very hungry when he got home.
I hope Tom is objective.
Don't you think it would be interesting to do that?
I didn't apply for the job that Tom told me about.
Tom told me that he was the one who needed to do that.
I hope Tom is impressed.
Doing that wasn't as easy as I thought it would be.
I completely forgot that Tom would do that for us.
Tom told me that he thought my speech was interesting.
I hope Tom is impartial.
Doing that was more fun than I thought it would be.
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do that.
Tom told me that I should do that as soon as possible.
I hope Tom is concerned.
Do you really think it would be foolish to do that?
I bet Tom thirty dollars that he couldn't do that.
Tom told me last month that he was planning to retire.
I hope Tom gets the job.
Do you really think doing that would be impossible?
I asked Tom if he wanted to go to a movie with me.
Tom told me he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
I helped Tom onto the bus.
Do you really think doing that would be depressing?
How many more years do you think Tom will do that?
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that by himself.
I helped Tom dig a hole.
Do you plan on living in Boston after you graduate?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will do that?
Tom thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
I expect Tom to do that.
Did you know that very few people actually do that?
How many more hours do you think Tom will do that?
Tom still doesn't understand what he's supposed to do.
I don't think Tom is up.
Did you know it was possible to get there by train?
Don't forget to tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
Tom still does that, even though we've told me not to.
I don't think Tom is in.
After a lot of hard thinking, I decided to do that.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be cheaper.
Tom shouldn't have been doing that in the first place.
I didn't drive Tom home.
About how many times do you think you've done that?
Do you think Tom can do that without getting hurt?
Tom should've been the one responsible for doing that.
I didn't agree with Tom.
"Will you do that tomorrow?" "No, I don't plan to."
Do you know anything about the school Tom goes to?
Tom should've been able to answer all those questions.
I decided to follow Tom.
You're the only one who ever really understood me.
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to do that?
Tom should tell his friends that he's going to Boston.
I could do that for Tom.
You're the first person to ever ask me to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom isn't really from Boston?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I had to do that.
How long was Tom asleep?
You're not the only one who's supposed to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was still planning to do that?
Tom says this will be the last time he ever does this.
How badly was Tom injured?
You're not the only one who's not able to do that.
Didn't you know Tom lived with his aunt and uncle?
Tom says this will be the last time he ever does that.
Even Tom was doing that.
You're not the only one who knows what's going on.
Didn't you know Tom likes watching baseball on TV?
Tom says there was no reason why he shouldn't do that.
Does Tom work in Boston?
You're able to do just about anything, aren't you?
Didn't you know Tom could hear everything we said?
Tom says he thought he could do that without any help.
Does Tom always do that?
You're a high school senior this year, aren't you?
Did you know there was another Tom at this school?
Tom says he thinks it might be interesting to do that.
Did Tom have to do that?
You'll never be able to do that without some help.
You're not supposed to help Tom do that, are you?
Tom says he has something he has to do this afternoon.
Did Tom break any rules?
You'll have to do that even if your don't want to.
You'll try to persuade Tom to do that, won't you?
Tom says he doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Can Tom buy that for us?
You'll be through doing that by Monday, won't you?
You'll try to convince Tom to do that, won't you?
Tom says he doesn't really know how to surf very well.
Both Tom and I are rich.
You'd be disappointed if I did that, wouldn't you?
You'd be surprised if Tom did that, wouldn't you?
Tom says he doesn't believe you would do that for him.
Why's Tom afraid of me?
You weren't supposed to help me do that, were you?
You'd be impressed if Tom did that, wouldn't you?
Tom says he believes he can do that without your help.
When was Tom in Boston?
You weren't given the chance to do that, were you?
You won't be able to convince Tom not to do that.
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do about that.
What's Tom reading now?
You weren't able to do that by yourself, were you?
You weren't sure Tom needed to do that, were you?
Tom said there was still a lot that needed to be done.
What should I give Tom?
You were told to do that by yourself, weren't you?
You weren't able to get Tom to do that, were you?
Tom said that just doing that wouldn't be good enough.
What else has Tom done?
You were the first person to do that, weren't you?
You were inspired to do that by Tom, weren't you?
Tom said that it probably wouldn't rain until evening.
Was Tom in class today?
You were finished doing that by 2:30, weren't you?
You were hoping to do that with Tom, weren't you?
Tom said that he wasn't working as bricklayer anymore.
This umbrella is Tom's.
You want to be the next one to do that, don't you?
You tried to persuade Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that Mozart is one of his favorite composers.
This suitcase is Tom's.
You want to be the last one to do that, don't you?
You tried to convince Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that I don't need to sing if I don't want to.
These are Tom's gloves.
You want to be excused from doing that, don't you?
You told Tom that you didn't do that, didn't you?
Tom said that I don't have to sing if I don't want to.
The police stopped Tom.
You thought I was finished doing that, didn't you?
Can I say it here?
You told Tom that I couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom said he's very hungry every day when he gets home.
The food made Tom sick.
You thought I didn't enjoy doing that, didn't you?
You thought Tom was doing that today, didn't you?
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tell Tom it isn't true.
You thought I could do that by myself, didn't you?
You should've told Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom said he's content with the deal he's been offered.
Tell Tom I don't drink.
You still do that as often as possible, don't you?
You should tell Tom that you want him to do that.
Tom said he'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
May I do that with Tom?
You still aren't very good at doing that, are you?
You should probably tell Tom you want to do that.
Tom said he'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Let's have Tom do that.
You shouldn't do that with just anybody, you know.
You should let Tom know that you want to do that.
Tom said he would be able to do that without any help.
Let's do that with Tom.
You should've been able to do that in three hours.
You should let Tom know that you need to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to get here until after 2:30.
Is Tom still on a diet?
You should make sure that you get that done today.
You should let Tom know that you have to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to get here until about 2:30.
Is Tom still a student?
You should make sure that you don't do that today.
You should do that the way Tom told you to do it.
Tom said he was too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Is Tom still a plumber?
You ought to stay in Boston for a couple of weeks.
You should be able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom said he wanted to replace the drummer in his band.
Is Tom really sleeping?
You never thought I'd be able to do that, did you?
You know Tom won't be able to do that, don't you?
Tom said he tried to do that the day before yesterday.
I've only met Tom once.
You never had the opportunity to do that, did you?
You know Tom no longer has to do that, don't you?
Tom said he thought it would be impossible to do that.
I'd ask Tom to do that.
You never expected to be able to do that, did you?
You knew Tom would ask me to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that on Monday.
I wonder if Tom is sad.
You know why I was supposed to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom was unlikely to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that today.
I wonder if Tom is mad.
You know we aren't supposed to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom was supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that here.
I won't help Tom again.
You know that I'm not eager to do that, don't you?
You hope that Tom won't do that again, don't you?
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that anymore.
I won't go without Tom.
You know I'm supposed to do that today, don't you?
You don't think Tom has to do that today, do you?
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that anymore.
I wish Tom would leave.
You know I'll never be able to do that, don't you?
You don't seem convinced that Tom has to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not be permitted to do that.
I was at Tom's funeral.
You knew I wasn't supposed to do that, didn't you?
You don't really think Tom could do that, do you?
Tom said he knew he might be required to do that soon.
I want to work for Tom.
You knew I wasn't planning to do that, didn't you?
You don't know why Tom wanted to do that, do you?
Tom said he knew he might be allowed to do that today.
I want to surprise Tom.
You hope to be excused from doing that, don't you?
You don't know why Tom needed to do that, do you?
Tom said he had something he had to do this afternoon.
I want to get Tom back.
You haven't done that since high school, have you?
You didn't tell Tom I wanted to do that, did you?
Tom said he doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
I want to cheer Tom up.
You don't have to wash the car if I don't want to.
You didn't really expect Tom to do that, did you?
Tom said he doesn't think he would be able to do that.
I urged Tom to do that.
You do that three or four times a week, don't you?
You didn't know that Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom said he doesn't have a problem with me doing that.
I told Tom I'd do that.
You didn't realize I knew how to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom would do that today, did you?
Tom said he didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
I told Tom I was tired.
You didn't need to buy eggs. We already have some.
You didn't know Tom had never done that, did you?
Tom said he didn't want to mow the lawn until evening.
I thought Tom was slow.
You didn't know that I wanted to do that, did you?
You didn't give Tom a chance to do that, did you?
Tom said he didn't think doing that would be much fun.
I thought Tom was last.
You didn't know that I needed to do that, did you?
You couldn't stop Tom from doing that, could you?
Tom said he didn't remember where he'd parked the car.
I thought Tom was here.
You didn't know I didn't need to do that, did you?
You asked Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
Tom said he couldn't remember where he'd put his keys.
I thought Tom was cute.
You didn't know I didn't have to do that, did you?
Would you like me to ask Tom to buy that for you?
Tom said I didn't have to do that if I didn't want to.
I thought Tom was busy.
You didn't have enough energy to do that, did you?
Why don't you get Tom to tell you how to do that?
Tom probably doesn't yet know he has to do that today.
I thought Tom did that.
You didn't do that as well as I thought you would.
Why don't you get Tom to show you how to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know why you want him to do that.
I think Tom will agree.
You did that in just a couple of days, didn't you?
Why do you think Tom will be doing that tomorrow?
Tom probably doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
I think Tom is thirsty.
You could probably do that later if you wanted to.
Why are you so sure that Tom won't pass the exam?
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
I think Tom is strange.
Why do you think I'm the only one who can do that?
When did you decide not to permit Tom to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
I think Tom is starved.
Why didn't you tell me that Mary was so beautiful?
When I got home, Tom sleeping on the front porch.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
I think Tom is retired.
What's the name of the movie we watched yesterday?
This is a list of the medications that Tom takes.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about classical music.
I think Tom is outside.
What kind of websites do you visit the most often?
There's no reason Tom has to know why I did that.
Tom needs to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
I think Tom is married.
What color are you planning to paint your kitchen?
The police said the search for Tom will continue.
Tom knows where every light switch in the building is.
I think Tom is excited.
We need to stay in Boston for at least three days.
The only one here who's afraid to do that is Tom.
Tom knows me well enough to know that I won't do that.
I think Tom is engaged.
We didn't speak French at all until he was thirty.
That was the first time Tom had ever been kissed.
Tom isn't likely to be unenthusiastic about that.
I think Tom is curious.
We aren't likely to get paid extra for doing that.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to do that today.
Tom isn't likely to be troubled by what happened.
I think Tom is bipolar.
We always get a lot of visitors this time of year.
Please tell Tom he doesn't have to do that today.
Tom isn't able to do that alone. You need to help him.
I think Tom is annoyed.
We always get a lot of tourists this time of year.
Please make sure that Tom doesn't leave the yard.
Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
I think Tom is adopted.
This kind of snow isn't that unusual in this area.
My parents wouldn't let me go to Boston with Tom.
Tom is still not doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I should've kissed Tom.
This is the first time I've ever seen you do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
Tom is one of the three guys who will need to do that.
I should've called Tom.
This elevator doesn't stop on odd-numbered floors.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's got to do that today.
Tom is one of the three guys who will have to do that.
This book wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be punished.
Tom is one of the three guys who were able to do that.
I know where Tom lived.
This area has changed a lot in the last few years.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
Tom is one of the thirty people who wanted to do that.
I know what annoys Tom.
The man wearing the red baseball cap seemed angry.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
Tom is one of the thirty people who needed to do that.
I know that Tom is shy.
That wine wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he should do.
Tom is likely to still be difficult to get along with.
I know that Tom is sad.
That was the first time I'd ever seen you do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
Tom is likely stay in Boston for at least three weeks.
I know that Tom is out.
Please make sure that you check all the equipment.
Many people have complained about Tom's behavior.
Tom hasn't yet returned the money he borrowed from me.
I know that Tom is old.
One of my bicycles is blue and the other is green.
It's way past the time Tom promised he'd be here.
Tom has promised to do that today before he goes home.
I know that Tom is odd.
My neighbor's dog kept me awake most of the night.
It's been decided that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom has been trying to figure out what we ought to do.
I know that Tom is fat.
My car is in the parking lot behind this building.
It'll probably be interesting for Tom to do that.
Tom has been trying to figure out what he needs to do.
I know how to help Tom.
Maybe it wouldn't be tough to do that by yourself.
It didn't matter to Tom that the weather was bad.
Tom has been to every one of his son's baseball games.
I know how Tom got wet.
Maybe it wouldn't be smart to do that by yourself.
If you tell Tom what to do, I'm sure he'll do it.
Tom has a lot money, but he doesn't have many friends.
I know a boy named Tom.
Many people have been complaining about the noise.
I'm the only person here that Tom seems to trust.
Tom finally graduated from college when he was thirty.
I know Tom pretty well.
Let's take a walk to the other side of the island.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be lonely if you were here.
Tom finally got a driver's license when he was thirty.
I know Tom can do that.
It's already been a half a month since I did that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be forgiven if he did that.
Tom enjoys watching people do things that he can't do.
I hope Tom isn't upset.
It would probably be tough to do that by yourself.
I'm sure Tom won't be lonely if he stays with us.
Tom doesn't think that doing that would be a bad idea.
I hope Tom isn't tired.
It would probably be smart to do that by yourself.
I think Tom might be just a little too picky.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is such a good idea.
I hope Tom isn't right.
It would probably be risky to do that by yourself.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a very good idea.
I hope Tom isn't early.
It would be wonderful if you could do that for me.
I wonder why Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't think I'll have the time to do that today.
I hope Tom isn't drunk.
It would be stupid to try doing that by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom is responsible for what happened.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I hope Tom isn't bored.
It would be fantastic if you could do that for me.
I wish Tom wouldn't go out after dark by himself.
Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that again.
I hope Tom isn't awake.
It was your children who were causing the problem.
I wish I hadn't tried to convince Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't have the confidence to do that by himself.
I hope Tom isn't alone.
It was easier to do that than I expected it to be.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Tom that he do that.
Tom didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
I hope Tom is unbiased.
It started to rain as soon as we pitched the tent.
I was surprised when Tom told me why he did that.
Tom didn't start playing the mandolin until last year.
I hope Tom is unafraid.
It must be boring for you to do that all the time.
I want to know why Tom didn't go to school today.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he ought to do that.
I hope Tom is truthful.
It makes no difference whether you do that or not.
I told Tom that I thought he should go on a diet.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he shouldn't do that.
I hope Tom is sensible.
It began to rain as soon as we started doing that.
I told Tom he had only thirty minutes to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he needed to do that.
I hope Tom is punished.
If you don't do that soon, you may not be able to.
I told Tom I thought it would be safe to do that.
Tom didn't realize he shouldn't have tried doing that.
I hope Tom is punctual.
If we hadn't done that, it would've been more fun.
I told Tom I don't know any other way to do that.
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today.
I hope Tom is prepared.
If it had been fine yesterday, I'd have done that.
I thought you weren't supposed to be helping Tom.
Tom didn't know if he would be able to do that or not.
I hope Tom is obedient.
If I refuse to fight, I'll be considered a coward.
I thought you said you wanted to do that for Tom.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that by himself.
I hope Tom is mistaken.
I've already done everything I was supposed to do.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that for us.
Tom did what he had to do, and I did what I had to do.
I hope Tom is home now.
I'm the only person in the office who can do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that for me.
Tom could possibly be lonely, but I don't think he is.
I hope Tom is generous.
I'm the only one here who doesn't have a computer.
I thought Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom confessed that he was the one who broke the glass.
I hope Tom is doing OK.
I'd like to talk to you in private before I leave.
I thought Tom would be able to do that on Monday.
Tom asked me several questions that I couldn't answer.
I hope Tom can do that.
I'd like to stay in Boston for another week or so.
I thought Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Tom apparently lived in Boston when he was in college.
I heard Tom doing that.
I wouldn't do that even if you offered to help me.
I thought Tom was going to ask us not to do that.
Tom and his brother used to never get along very well.
I enjoyed Tom's speech.
I wish you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
I thought Tom was going to ask me not to do that.
Tom and his brother never used to get along very well.
I didn't call Tom back.
I wasn't planning to go to Boston until next week.
I thought Tom said he didn't know how to do that.
Tom and his brother didn't use to get along very well.
I couldn't talk to Tom.
I wasn't able to do that, but it was worth trying.
I thought Tom might want to learn how to do that.
Tom and I weren't able to do anything we wanted to do.
I can't make Tom leave.
Love is eternal as long as it lasts.
I was so weak that I couldn't even pick up a book.
I think you ought to ask Tom to buy that for you.
Tom and I were the first ones to volunteer to do that.
I can't make Tom do it.
I want you to come visit us in Boston next summer.
I think this is the first time Tom has done that.
Tom and I went downtown to eat steak at Chuck's Diner.
I can buy that for Tom.
I want to know how much time you spent doing that.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom to do that.
Tom and I used to live in the same apartment building.
I asked Tom to help us.
I took what I thought was a shortcut and got lost.
I think Tom won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I studied French together yesterday afternoon.
How should Tom do that?
I thought you weren't supposed to do that anymore.
I think Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
Tom and I didn't speak to each other for three months.
Has Tom studied French?
I thought you didn't know how to drive a forklift.
I think Tom might get in trouble if he does that.
Tom and I became friends when we both lived in Boston.
Even Tom can't do that.
I thought I'd be able to do that without any help.
I think Tom may stay in Boston for another month.
Tom's horse's front right leg looks like it's broken.
Don't make Tom do that.
I thought I wouldn't be able to do that by myself.
I think Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
Tom wouldn't have yelled at me if I hadn't been late.
Did Tom study with you?
I thought I probably shouldn't go there by myself.
I think Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
Tom wouldn't have done that that if he hadn't had to.
You're a bit like Tom.
I think we could do that without making any noise.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to do that.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had known how.
Will Tom do that, too?
I think most people know that peanuts aren't nuts.
I think Tom did that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
Tom would be very disappointed if you didn't do that.
Will Tom be all right?
I think it might not be so interesting to do that.
I think Tom could've done that without your help.
Tom would be very disappointed if he saw you do that.
Who did that with Tom?
I think a punishment like that would be too harsh.
I think Tom could've done that faster by himself.
Tom won't be able to do that without some assistance.
When's Tom's birthday?
I suppose you've been told that many times before.
I think Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
Tom will probably tell his son to eat his vegetables.
When will Tom do that?
I should've been able to do that without any help.
I think Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
Tom will likely be up. He's usually up till midnight.
When does Tom do that?
I plan to live in Boston for at least three years.
I think Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom was the only other person who could've done that.
When did you call Tom?
I know you don't want to do that, but you need to.
I still haven't told Tom why I wanted to do that.
Tom was the first one in our family to go to college.
We saw Tom doing that.
I know you don't want to do that, but you have to.
I still haven't told Tom why I needed to do that.
Tom took off his boots and put on a pair of slippers.
We arrived before Tom.
I know that doing this must seem dangerous to you.
I shouldn't have borrowed so much money from Tom.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what he needs to do.
We all laughed at Tom.
I just found out that you're going to be arrested.
I should've waited until Tom got here to do that.
Tom told me he doesn't know any other way to do that.
Was Tom afraid of you?
I hope you don't have to stay in Boston all month.
I should've been able to do that better than Tom.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a very good idea.
Those are Tom's shoes.
I helped myself to another serving of green beans.
I should probably tell Tom why I want to do that.
Tom still hasn't replaced the light bulb in his room.
This bicycle is Tom's.
I have neither the time nor the energy to do that.
I should probably tell Tom why I need to do that.
Tom soon realized he shouldn't have tried doing that.
These books are Tom's.
I don't yet know whether I need to do that or not.
I should probably tell Tom why I have to do that.
Tom should've sold his house while he had the chance.
That will impress Tom.
I don't yet know whether I have to do that or not.
I should probably tell Tom what needs to be done.
Tom should've been present at this morning's meeting.
Probably Tom did that.
I don't want to tell anybody about what I've done.
I should probably tell Tom I won't do that again.
Tom should've been downstairs waiting, but he wasn't.
Perhaps Tom won't win.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I should probably not tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom should've been able to do that without your help.
Only Tom will do that.
I don't want to sell my car, but I have no choice.
I should probably not tell Tom to do that for me.
Tom should seriously consider not doing that anymore.
Let's ask Tom to help.
I don't think that would be the right thing to do.
I never had any intention of letting Tom do that.
Tom should be able to do something as simple as that.
Is Tom still studying?
I don't think that doing that would be a bad idea.
I know this won't be the last time Tom does that.
Tom seems to have lost interest in collecting shells.
Is Tom afraid of this?
I don't think that doing that is such a good idea.
I knew Tom would be confused by your explanation.
Tom says he thinks it might be impossible to do that.
Is Tom afraid of that?
I don't think that doing that is a very good idea.
I just found out that Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom says he sells about thirty loaves of bread a day.
Is Tom afraid of dogs?
I don't think it would be a smart idea to do that.
I hope Tom knows he has to do that before Monday.
Tom says he has to find somebody to help him do that.
I've seen Tom do that.
I don't think I'll be finished doing that by 2:30.
I forgot to remind Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really know how to ski very well.
I've missed Tom a lot.
I don't think I have enough money to pay the bill.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be punished.
Tom says he doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
I'll help Tom do that.
I don't remember whether the box was empty or not.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be punctual.
Tom says doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I'll do that with Tom.
I don't plan to wait for more than thirty minutes.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be prepared.
Tom said we should wait until sunrise before we left.
I'll buy that for Tom.
I don't know why my boss wants me to go to Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be forgiven.
Tom said we should wait until after sunrise to leave.
I wonder if Tom is up.
I don't know why my boss chose me to go to Boston.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be arrested.
Tom said wanted to do that, but he wasn't allowed to.
I watched Tom do that.
I don't know what happened because I wasn't there.
I doubt that Tom will be arrested for doing that.
Tom said they wouldn't permit him to do that anymore.
I thought Tom was shy.
I don't know how to write a love letter in French.
I doubt if Tom will be troubled by what happened.
Tom said that's not likely to happen if it's raining.
I think Tom will late.
I don't have any friends I can talk to about this.
I doubt if Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom said that was the first time he'd ever done that.
I think Tom is stoned.
I don't go to the movies as often as I would like.
I don't want to bother Tom while he was studying.
Tom said that he was going to leave tomorrow morning.
I think Tom is stingy.
I didn't want to sell my car, but I had no choice.
I don't understand why Tom's supposed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't dare express his own opinion.
I think Tom is sleepy.
I didn't want to look, but I couldn't help myself.
I don't think Tom would mind buying that for you.
Tom said he wished he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
I think Tom is single.
I didn't think you'd be drunk so early in the day.
I don't think Tom would ever consider doing that.
Tom said he wasn't expecting to play in today's game.
I think Tom is guilty.
I didn't think you were in your office on Mondays.
I don't think Tom would be opposed to doing that.
Tom said he was trying to learn how to play the oboe.
I think Tom is afraid.
I didn't think that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom would be glad if that happened.
Tom said he was the only one who knew how to do that.
I think Tom is absent.
I didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't think Tom will be through doing that yet.
Tom said he was having a really hard time doing that.
I think Tom does that.
I didn't think I'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom loves me as much as I love him.
Tom said he wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I should've paged Tom.
I didn't think I would be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom knows how to do that very well.
Tom said he used to go to Boston three times a month.
I should wait for Tom.
I didn't tell anyone where I'd hid the gold coins.
I don't think Tom is going to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that would probably never happen.
I need to be with Tom.
I didn't start to study French until I was thirty.
I don't think Tom is difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought it was a little risky to do that.
I looked right at Tom.
I didn't read the book my teacher told me to read.
I don't think Tom could do that even if he tried.
Tom said he thought it might be dangerous to do that.
I looked at Tom again.
I didn't learn to swim until I was in my thirties.
I don't think I need Tom's permission to do that.
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that.
I know why Tom is sad.
I didn't learn to speak French until I was thirty.
I don't like the same kind of movies as Tom does.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
I know that Tom is up.
I didn't know you were going to be at the meeting.
I don't like the same kind of food that Tom does.
Tom said he knew he might not be required to do that.
I know that Tom is OK.
I didn't know what made my leg swell up like that.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help him.
Tom said he knew he might need to do that by himself.
I know Tom's children.
I didn't know that you had to do that by yourself.
I don't know why Tom didn't come to school today.
Tom said he knew he might have to do that by himself.
I know Tom lied to me.
I didn't know that what we were doing was illegal.
I don't know who Tom plans to go to the zoo with.
Tom said he didn't want to do that without some help.
I know Tom isn't here.
I didn't know that the police were looking for me.
I don't know who Tom is planning to do that with.
Tom said he didn't really feel like doing that today.
I know Tom is teasing.
I didn't know that I didn't have to do that today.
I don't know whether Tom will agree to go or not.
Tom said he couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
I hope Tom isn't slow.
I didn't know I weren't supposed to do that today.
I don't know whether Tom wants to do that or not.
Tom said doing that was more easier than he expected.
I hope Tom isn't lost.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself.
I don't know whether Tom needs to do that or not.
Tom said doing that cost more money than he expected.
I hope Tom isn't late.
I didn't have enough time to do that this morning.
I don't know whether Tom is good at chess or not.
Tom said I shouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I hope Tom isn't here.
I didn't have any money and couldn't buy any food.
I don't know where Tom spent his summer vacation.
Tom probably shouldn't do that while it's still dark.
I hope Tom isn't cold.
I didn't do anything that I wasn't supposed to do.
I don't know how Tom will get to school tomorrow.
Tom probably just didn't know what needed to be done.
I hope Tom is sincere.
I did that as soon as I felt it was safe to do so.
I don't know for certain who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom probably doesn't yet know he's going to be fired.
I hope Tom is prudent.
I could probably do that in less than three hours.
I didn't wake Tom up at 6:30 like he asked me to.
Tom probably doesn't know why you want me to do that.
I hope Tom is present.
I can't remember who I'm supposed to give this to.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
I hope Tom is pleased.
I can't remember whether or not I locked the door.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston by himself.
Tom probably doesn't know that I don't often do that.
I hope Tom is jealous.
How much time do you think you'll need to do that?
I didn't think Tom would eat what I made for him.
Tom probably doesn't know much about classical music.
I hope Tom is excited.
How much time do you think you'll have to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
I hope Tom is curious.
How much time do you estimate you need to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
I helped Tom stand up.
How much money do you think I should take with me?
I didn't think Tom would be desperate to do that.
Tom looked better today than the last time I saw him.
I helped Tom clean up.
How many years do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be confused, but he was.
Tom listed a lot of reasons why we shouldn't do that.
I have a gift for Tom.
How many weeks do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't think Tom knew how to cook Mexican food.
Tom knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
I didn't tell Tom why.
How many times have you been absent this semester?
I didn't tell Tom why I went to Boston last week.
Tom isn't likely to be the first one to do that.
I didn't speak to Tom.
How many seconds does it actually take to do that?
I didn't really feel like playing chess with Tom.
Tom isn't likely to be interested in doing that.
I bought that for Tom.
How many months have you already spent doing that?
I didn't really expect Tom to answer my question.
Tom is the only person in the office who can do that.
How long was Tom sick?
How many minutes does it actually take to do that?
I didn't realize that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom is the only one who wants to go home early today.
How is Tom doing that?
How many hours do you think it'll take to do that?
I didn't know what to do when Tom didn't show up.
Tom is the only one who seems to know how to do that.
Has Tom taught French?
Even though you don't have to do that, you should.
I didn't know that Tom was going to quit his job.
Tom is obviously never going to learn how to do that.
Even Tom spoke French.
Don't you think it would be ridiculous to do that?
I didn't know how to do that until Tom taught me.
Tom is likely to be glad that that's going to happen.
Does Tom teach French?
Don't you think it would be impossible to do that?
I didn't know how much more money Tom would need.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston as long as he says he has.
Does Tom study French?
Don't you think it would be depressing to do that?
I didn't know Tom was so good at speaking French.
Tom has wanted to study French since he was thirteen.
Does Tom go to school?
Don't forget to turn off the stove when you leave.
I didn't know Tom was going to be at the meeting.
Tom has three friends who are professional musicians.
Did you let Tom drive?
Don't forget to tell Mary that she has to do that.
I didn't buy everything that Tom asked me to buy.
Tom has permitted his children to do that many times.
Will Tom come by bus?
Doing that wasn't as fun as I thought it would be.
I could've gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't.
Tom has forged his father's signature more than once.
Why isn't Tom afraid?
Do you think you'll feel like doing that tomorrow?
I can't speak French as well as Tom thinks I can.
Tom has finally done what he said he was going to do.
Why is Tom so sleepy?
Do you think you can do that without getting hurt?
I can't remember what Tom told me I needed to do.
Tom has enough time to do that if he really wants to.
Why is Tom so hungry?
Do you still have a copy of yesterday's newspaper?
I can't believe Tom would really want to do that.
Tom has been trying to figure out what we need to do.
What made Tom afraid?
Do you really think it would be unsafe to do that?
How many more months will it take Tom to do that?
Tom has been trying to figure out what we have to do.
Those are Tom's cats.
Do you really think it would be tiring to do that?
How many more days do you think Tom will do that?
Tom has been trying hard to do what needs to be done.
This hat isn't Tom's.
Do you really think it would be stupid to do that?
How many months has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom has been playing the French horn for three years.
This dog isn't Tom's.
Do you really think doing that would be unethical?
How do you know Tom won't be in Boston next week?
Tom has been caught cheating on tests more than once.
These pens are Tom's.
Do you really think doing that would be enjoyable?
How do you know Tom wasn't going to be in Boston?
Tom had no idea that the police were looking for him.
These are Tom's cats.
Do you really think doing that would be dangerous?
Don't you want to know why I bought that for Tom?
Tom gradually began to understand what was happening.
Tell Tom to be quiet.
Do you know any other way we could try doing that?
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be faster.
Tom got into a lot of trouble when he was a teenager.
Tell Tom I won't eat.
Do you have any idea who'd do something like this?
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be easier.
Tom gets up early every morning and goes out jogging.
Perhaps Tom did that.
Didn't you know we weren't going to do that today?
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be better.
Tom folded his shirts and put them into his suitcase.
Only Tom can do that.
Didn't you know I didn't know how to speak French?
Do you think Tom would be able to do that for us?
Tom finally realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
My dog bit Tom's leg.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to do that?
Do you think Tom is the only one who can do that?
Tom explained why it would be a good idea to do that.
Maybe Tom is at home.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't have to do that?
Do you really want to be here when Tom gets here?
Tom doesn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
Is Tom still in jail?
Didn't I tell you not to worry about that anymore?
Didn't you know that Tom would be here this week?
Tom doesn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Is Tom really asleep?
Did you know you were going to be able to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom was seeing someone else?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he should do that.
I've given up on Tom.
Did you know there's more than one way to do this?
Didn't you know that Tom was planning to do that?
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he has to do that.
I'll ask Tom to do that.
As I told you before, I don't know how to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom was in Boston last year?
Tom doesn't seem to have the guts to do that anymore.
I think Tom is weird.
Am I the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Boston last week?
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what we asked him to do.
I think Tom is upset.
"Why didn't you do that?" "Because I had a fever."
Didn't you know Tom when you were in high school?
Tom doesn't like living in Boston and I don't either.
I think Tom is tired.
You're the only one who'll be allowed to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was interested in modern art?
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
I think Tom is tipsy.
You're the only one who seems to know what to do.
Didn't you know Tom used to be a studio musician?
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll have to do that.
I think Tom is tense.
You're the only one who knows what we need to do.
Didn't you know Tom didn't have to be here today?
Tom didn't tell me that the picnic has been canceled.
I think Tom is sorry.
You're the only one who knows what we have to do.
Did you know that Tom wasn't planning to do that?
Tom didn't tell me his parents were getting divorced.
I think Tom is pushy.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
Did you know that Tom wasn't paid for doing that?
Tom didn't seem to be the one most likely to do that.
I think Tom is broke.
You're the only one who doesn't have an umbrella.
Did you know that Tom was going to be here today?
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that today.
I think Tom is bored.
You're not the only one who didn't pass the test.
Did you know that Tom has a house on Park Street?
Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I think Tom is blind.
You're likely the only person who has to do that.
Did you know that Tom had a house on Park Street?
Tom didn't know that the police were looking for him.
I think Tom is alone.
You'll eventually be able to do that on your own.
Did you know that Tom almost never swims anymore?
Tom didn't know that he didn't have to do that today.
I should've paid Tom.
You'd never forgive us if we did that, would you?
Did you know Tom was still a high school student?
Tom didn't have the confidence to do that by himself.
I should go with Tom.
You'd better get out of here while you still can.
Did you know Tom was going to be able to do that?
Tom didn't come home last night until after midnight.
I should go help Tom.
You'd be able to do that if you really wanted to.
Did you know Tom is also a pretty good guitarist?
Tom definitely won't do that in this kind of weather.
I saw Tom doing that.
You worked in Boston for a few years, didn't you?
Did Tom agree to stay in Boston for another week?
Tom brushes his daughter's hair almost every morning.
I never did love Tom.
You won't be allowed to do that without a permit.
All three of Tom's brothers are going to do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for work yesterday.
I looked back at Tom.
You were the last person to do that, weren't you?
You're the one who did that for Tom, aren't you?
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for my appointment.
I know Tom's brother.
You were able to do that better than we expected.
You'll help Tom do that after supper, won't you?
Tom and three other prisoners are on a hunger strike.
I knew Tom's brother.
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
Tom and I'll be on vacation for the next three weeks.
I hope Tom isn't shy.
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
You wouldn't like it if Tom did that, would you?
Tom and I were the ones who were supposed to do that.
I hope Tom isn't mad.
You thought I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
You won't permit Tom to do that again, will you?
Tom and I were drinking coffee together on the porch.
I hope Tom is unhurt.
You think I'm still afraid to do that, don't you?
You won't be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom and I were both in the hospital at the same time.
I hope Tom is scared.
You still haven't been able to do that, have you?
You warned Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
Tom and I haven't seen each other since grade school.
I haven't called Tom.
You still do that as often as you can, don't you?
You thought it was Tom who did that, didn't you?
Tom and I have never met, but I know a lot about him.
I had to talk to Tom.
You shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
You thought Tom did that on purpose, didn't you?
Tom and I have been working together for three years.
I got into Tom's car.
You seem to be the only one who wants to do that.
You think Tom will be at the meeting, don't you?
Tom and I aren't likely to ever see each other again.
I got drunk with Tom.
You never had an opportunity to do that, did you?
You think I could get Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom and I are planning to move to Boston next spring.
I got Tom to help me.
You know why I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You still have no idea why Tom did that, do you?
Tom and I are going to play badminton this afternoon.
I got Tom to do that.
You know they won't permit you to do that, right?
You should've told Tom why he needed to do that.
Tom almost froze to death when he fell into the lake.
I disagreed with Tom.
You know there's no way I can do that, don't you?
You should've done that the way Tom told you to.
Tom admitted he wasn't the one who actually did that.
I caught up with Tom.
You know that I don't want to do that, don't you?
You should tell Tom you don't intend to do that.
Tom admitted he wasn't actually the one who did that.
I arrived before Tom.
You know that I don't need to do that, don't you?
You should probably tell Tom to stop doing that.
Tom admitted he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Has Tom left already?
You know that I don't have to do that, don't you?
You should probably tell Tom to do that for you.
Tom's skull was crushed when the building collapsed.
Has Tom forgiven you?
You knew that I'd be able to do that, didn't you?
You seemed to want to do that more than Tom did.
Tom's first computer was given to him by his father.
Even Tom can do that.
You knew I'd do that sooner or later, didn't you?
You seemed convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
Did you do that, Tom?
You knew I wouldn't agree to do that, didn't you?
You seemed convinced that Tom needed to do that.
Tom won't be able to do what you've asked him to do.
Did Tom speak French?
You don't think I really need to do that, do you?
You need to keep Tom from ever doing that again.
Tom will probably be retired by this time next year.
Did Tom buy anything?
You don't seem to know what you're talking about.
You learned how to do that from Tom, didn't you?
Tom will probably be ready by the time we get there.
Can Tom teach French?
You don't really think I want to do that, do you?
You know Tom can't do that very well, don't you?
Tom will probably be drunk by the time we get there.
All Tom does is read.
You don't really think I need to do that, do you?
You knew that Tom wanted to do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be finished doing that before lunch.
You've made Tom cry.
You don't really think I have to do that, do you?
You have to keep Tom from ever doing that again.
Tom will likely be curious why you chose to do that.
Will Tom leave soon?
You don't need to read this if you don't want to.
You forgot to remind Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be curious to know how you did that.
Why is Tom so tired?
You don't care whether we do that or not, do you?
You don't want to know why Tom did that, do you?
Tom was the only other person who wanted to do that.
Was Tom afraid, too?
You didn't really think I would do that, did you?
You don't want Tom to do that right now, do you?
Tom was the only other person who needed to do that.
Those belong to Tom.
You didn't really think I could do that, did you?
You don't think that Tom should do that, do you?
Tom was the first one who said he'd like to do that.
These belong to Tom.
You didn't know that I couldn't do that, did you?
You don't think Tom will really do that, do you?
Tom was the first one who said he wanted to do that.
That made Tom laugh.
You didn't have to do that if you didn't want to.
You don't think Tom will likely do that, do you?
Tom was in the garden planting flowers this morning.
That belongs to Tom.
You didn't expect to be able to do that, did you?
You don't think Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Tom wants to get back to Boston as soon as possible.
Tell Tom to do that.
You didn't expect me to do that for you, did you?
You don't really care how Tom does that, do you?
Tom turned on his flashlight and went into the cave.
My opponent was Tom.
You didn't actually do that by yourself, did you?
You don't know why Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom told the police that three men had attacked him.
My dog attacked Tom.
You and I are both supposed to be there tomorrow.
You didn't want to tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom told the police that his wallet had been stolen.
Maybe Tom is sleepy.
Yesterday, I worked in the garden in the morning.
You didn't want Tom to help me do that, did you?
Tom told me that to be gone by the time he got here.
Maybe Tom is hungry.
Wouldn't it be better if you didn't do that here?
You didn't tell Tom I wouldn't do that, did you?
Tom told me that he's able to speak three languages.
Is Tom still afraid?
Why do you think I'd be interested in doing that?
You didn't need to tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom told me that he was amused by what was going on.
I'd do that for Tom.
Why can't we stay in Boston for a few more weeks?
You didn't know why Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom told me that I shouldn't always be so sarcastic.
I tried to kiss Tom.
Who was that who was riding in the taxi with you?
You didn't know that Tom could do that, did you?
Tom told me that I needed to attend today's meeting.
I think Tom is well.
When you go to Boston, where do you plan to stay?
You didn't have to tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom thought he might not need to do that by himself.
I think Tom is sure.
We've already had several discussions about that.
You asked Tom why he had to do that, didn't you?
Tom thought he might not have to do that by himself.
I think Tom is slow.
We worked for three hours and never took a break.
You asked Tom to do that by himself, didn't you?
Tom thinks that doing that would be a very bad idea.
I think Tom is nuts.
We don't usually get much snow this time of year.
You and I are the only people Tom ever talks to.
Tom thinks some of his friends will want to do that.
I think Tom is nosy.
We don't need to pay this bill until next Monday.
Why don't you let Tom know that you can do that?
Tom suggested we do that while we're here in Boston.
I think Tom is next.
We could go to Boston with you if you want us to.
We'll go by bus unless Tom wants to take a taxi.
Tom still comes to Boston two or three times a year.
I think Tom is lost.
There's absolutely no chance that that'll happen.
We have to cross a bridge to get to Tom's house.
Tom spends most of his free time playing the guitar.
I think Tom is home.
There's a church across the street from my house.
We expect Tom to be back in Boston with us soon.
Tom shouldn't have done that without our permission.
I think Tom is high.
There'll come a day when you'll enjoy doing that.
Was Tom really able to do that without any help?
Tom should've learned French when he had the chance.
I think Tom is full.
There are several reasons why you should do that.
There's no way Tom would do something like that.
Tom should've been finished doing that by yesterday.
I think Tom is free.
The only thing I ate yesterday was half an apple.
There's no way Tom will ever do that by himself.
Tom should've been able to do that without any help.
I think Tom is fast.
The man running down the street seemed terrified.
There's a good chance that Tom missed the train.
Tom seems to still be having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom is evil.
The house I grew up in didn't have running water.
The school Tom goes to isn't far from his house.
Tom says he's learned a lot in the last three years.
I think Tom is done.
Please don't forget to sign the application form.
The only one here who's eager to do that is Tom.
Tom says he's been living in Boston for three years.
I think Tom is deaf.
My wife and I both want to go to Boston with you.
The first time Tom did that was three years ago.
Tom says he would've done that if we'd asked him to.
I think Tom is cool.
My parents own a small restaurant on Park Street.
That was the first time Tom ever went to Boston.
Tom says he wants to give you the chance to do that.
I think Tom is cold.
My mother and I were in the garden all afternoon.
That was the first time I'd ever seen Tom dance.
Tom says he thought he can do that without any help.
I think Tom is calm.
My grandfather still uses a camera the uses film.
Please tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom says he thinks it might not be smart to do that.
I think Tom is bald.
My boss is a Canadian man about thirty years old.
Please tell Tom that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom says he thinks it might be expensive to do that.
I never forgave Tom.
Most people don't like to do that when it's cold.
Please tell Tom not to do that until after 2:30.
Tom says he thinks it might be dangerous to do that.
I know you trust Tom.
Men and women don't usually do that the same way.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that before 2:30.
Tom says he thinks he can do that without your help.
I know Tom's father.
Maybe it wouldn't be wise to do that by yourself.
Maybe Tom will stay in Boston for a month or so.
Tom says he has to find somebody to do that for him.
I know Tom is wrong.
Maybe it wouldn't be safe to do that by yourself.
Maybe Tom doesn't know there's still work to do.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that by himself.
I know Tom is lying.
Maybe it wouldn't be easy to do that by yourself.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
Tom says he doesn't care whether we help him or not.
I knew Tom did that.
Let's stop speaking French and switch to English.
It'll probably be impossible for Tom to do that.
Tom says he and his friends were just there to help.
I hope Tom is tough.
Let's not pitch the tent right next to the river.
It would be disappointing if Tom didn't do that.
Tom says everything's back to the way it used to be.
I hope Tom is tired.
It's been a lot of fun hanging out with you guys.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't want to do that?
Tom says doesn't have the time to do that right now.
I hope Tom is ready.
It'll probably be interesting for you to do that.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't need to do that?
Tom said there might just be one piece of cake left.
I hope Tom is early.
It would probably be wise to do that by yourself.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't have to do that?
Tom said that the two of us should do that together.
I hope Tom is awake.
It would probably be safe to do that by yourself.
If I were in Tom's shoes, I'd refuse to do that.
Tom said that he didn't really feel like doing that.
I hope Tom is alone.
It would probably be easy to do that by yourself.
I've given up trying to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom said his father told him never to do that again.
I hope Tom is alive.
It would probably be cheaper to do that yourself.
I've given up trying to convince Tom to do that.
Tom said he's the one responsible for what happened.
I helped rescue Tom.
It took me a more time than usual to fall asleep.
I've finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom said he's learned a lot in the last three years.
I didn't poison Tom.
If you're not busy, let's do that this afternoon.
I'm the only one who ever really understood Tom.
Tom said he would be able to do that in a few hours.
I didn't notice Tom.
I've spent three times as much money as you have.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to buy that for you.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
I did that, not Tom.
I'll die if I don't take this medicine every day.
I'm sure Tom will be finished doing that by now.
Tom said he wished he hadn't left the door unlocked.
I did that with Tom.
I'd like to have a look at your stamp collection.
I'm quite sure that Tom won't forget to do that.
Tom said he wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Doesn't Tom do that?
I'd be very grateful if you would do that for me.
I'll never believe that Tom did that on purpose.
Tom said he thought it would be possible to do that.
Didn't you know Tom?
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I won't waste my time trying to convince to Tom.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help us do that.
All Tom does is eat.
I would've stayed in Boston longer if I could've.
I wish Tom would stay in Boston until Christmas.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Only Tom can do it.
I wish I had more time to spend with my children.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we had done.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that.
Maybe Tom is tired.
I wish I could remember where I buried the money.
I wish I hadn't parked my car next to Tom's car.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Maybe Tom did that.
I wasn't surprised that I wasn't able to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he should do that.
Tom said he thought doing that would be a good idea.
I want to stop Tom.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom he had to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that again.
I think Tom is out.
I wasn't surprised that I didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me what he'd done.
Tom said he knew he might not be allowed to do that.
I think Tom is odd.
I wasn't really hungry, so I didn't eat anything.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom said he knew he might need to do that on Monday.
I think Tom is mad.
I wasn't able to speak French until I was thirty.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew he might have to do that on Monday.
I think Tom is hot.
I wasn't able to do everything I'd planned to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
I should thank Tom.
I was very fortunate to have a chance to do that.
I was surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to spend all day doing that.
I never called Tom.
I wanted to visit Boston last year, but couldn't.
I was lying to Tom when I said I didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't remember where he'd put his keys.
I missed Tom a lot.
I want to know who you plan to go to Boston with.
I told Tom that I thought I was losing my sight.
Tom said doing that took more time than he expected.
I know Tom is rich.
I want to know how long you plan to be in Boston.
I told Tom I thought it would be fun to do that.
Tom really needs to work on improving his technique.
I know Tom is away.
I thought you said you've seen people doing that.
I thought you said you'd never do that with Tom.
Tom realized later that he shouldn't have done that.
I hope Tom is home.
I thought you said you were motivated to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with us.
Tom probably won't do that again until next October.
I hope Tom is here.
I thought you said you were asked not to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with me.
Tom probably doesn't know that I've never done that.
I hope Tom is fine.
I thought you said you had been asked to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom probably doesn't know how much money was stolen.
I hope Tom is fair.
I think there's a chance that it'll rain tonight.
I thought Tom would have all the time he needed.
Tom probably doesn't know how he's going to do that.
I hope Tom is done.
I think I'll know what to do when the time comes.
I thought Tom would be the first one to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's got to do that today.
I helped Tom do it.
I think I'll be able to do that without any help.
I thought Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's going to be punished.
Does Tom sing well?
I still haven't learned how to do that correctly.
I thought Tom wasn't present at today's meeting.
Tom probably doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
Ask Tom to do that.
I should've studied French when I had the chance.
I thought Tom might not be permitted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
Who's helping Tom?
I seldom stay in Boston for more than three days.
I thought Tom looked like he was amused by that.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he should do.
Who swam with Tom?
I plan on living in Boston even after I graduate.
I thought Tom didn't know how to play the banjo.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
When did Tom swim?
I may have to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I think Tom wouldn't be enthusiastic about that.
Tom probably doesn't have time to do that this week.
We didn't ask Tom.
I know you don't want to do that, but you should.
I think Tom would be surprised if that happened.
Tom plans to come back to Boston after he graduates.
Was Tom in Boston?
I just found out that you used to live in Boston.
I think Tom would be impressed by this painting.
Tom performs with a jazz band several times a month.
Was Tom a teacher?
I have to live in Boston for another three years.
I think Tom won't be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom often falls asleep while listening to the radio.
This hat is Tom's.
I gained a lot of weight while I was on vacation.
I think Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
Tom needs to be back in Boston as soon as possible..
This dog is Tom's.
I don't want to try doing that without some help.
I think Tom will likely not know how to do that.
Tom must've been about three years old at that time.
That car is Tom's.
I don't want to think about that problem anymore.
I think Tom will give you permission to do that.
Tom may have to go to Boston on business next month.
Only Tom did that.
I don't usually carry much with me when I travel.
I think Tom will be surprised when that happens.
Tom looks more like his grandfather than his father.
Maybe Tom is sick.
I don't think it's depressing for you to do that.
I think Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom likes to read on the train on his way to school.
Is Tom afraid yet?
I don't think it would be interesting to do that.
I think Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
Tom knows how to do that better than most people do.
I've seen Tom cry.
I don't think doing this would be worth our time.
I think Tom will be embarrassed if that happens.
Tom knows he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I want to hug Tom.
I don't think any of us will get rich doing this.
I think Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Tom knew he shouldn't do that, but he did it anyway.
I think Tom is up.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that again.
I think Tom will be able to do that if he tries.
Tom knew he might be required to do that by himself.
I sold Tom my car.
I don't think I'll be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom went into the woods to kill himself.
Tom isn't very likely to be arrested for doing that.
I saw Tom do that.
I don't remember doing what everybody says I did.
I think Tom may come to Boston for Thanksgiving.
Tom isn't likely to be the next one to do that.
I had Tom do that.
I don't really feel like drinking beer right now.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what he has to do.
Tom isn't likely to be the last one to do that.
I do that for Tom.
I don't need to be at the meeting this afternoon.
I think Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom isn't likely to be finished doing that yet.
I didn't stop Tom.
I don't like women who wear way too much make up.
I think Tom has decided to study French instead.
Tom isn't likely to be excused from doing that.
I didn't hear Tom.
I don't know who I should ask to help me do that.
I think Tom goes to Boston at least once a year.
Tom is too skinny to look good in clothes like that.
Has Tom done that?
I don't know whether I can do that, but I'll try.
I think Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
Tom is the only person I know who drinks white wine.
Did Tom sing well?
I don't know how much time it'll take to do that.
I think I'd be able to do that if Tom helped me.
Tom is someone we all think will be able to do that.
Did you like Tom?
I don't know how long the party is going to last.
I still haven't answered all of Tom's questions.
Tom is one of the thirty people who want to do that.
Did Tom buy that?
I don't know anything about computer programming.
I should've told Tom why he had to go to Boston.
Tom is one of the thirty people who need to do that.
We hid from Tom.
I don't have to be at the meeting this afternoon.
I should've asked Tom for permission to do that.
Tom is one of the thirty people who have to do that.
I owe Tom $300.
I don't have as much free time as I used to have.
I should tell Tom I won't go to Boston with him.
Tom has worked as a barber for the last three years.
I don't go to the movies as often as I'd like to.
I should probably tell Tom why I had to do that.
Tom has been trying to figure out what we should do.
I didn't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I should probably tell Tom that I need his help.
Tom has been trying to figure out what he has to do.
I didn't think you were interested in modern art.
I should probably tell Tom that I can't do that.
Tom has been told that he isn't required to do that.
I didn't think you were interested in doing that.
I should probably tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Tom grows several kinds of vegetables in his garden.
I didn't think that you would be able to do that.
I should know better than to ask Tom for a loan.
Tom goes ice skating almost every day in the winter.
I didn't think I'd ever have a chance to do that.
I sat down next to Tom and he poured me a drink.
Tom explained why it would be a bad idea to do that.
I didn't think I would be in my office on Monday.
I really should've told Tom not to go to Boston.
Tom drinks at least one cup of coffee every morning.
I didn't think I was going to be able to do that.
I pretty much always do the same thing Tom does.
Tom doesn't think he could do that without our help.
I didn't start to write songs until I was thirty.
I never thought Tom would want to do that again.
Tom doesn't speak French well enough to do that job.
I didn't need to stay in Boston as long as I did.
I never thought Tom would need to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that he needs to do that.
I didn't learn how to do that until I was thirty.
I never thought Tom would have to do that again.
Tom doesn't like to do that, but he'll do it anyway.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that today.
I know Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether he needs to do that or not.
I didn't know you were still planning to do that.
I hope that Tom won't do that until I get there.
Tom doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
I didn't know you used to teach French in Boston.
I hope Tom knows why he doesn't need to do that.
Tom didn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
I didn't know who was going to be at the meeting.
I hope Tom knows why he doesn't have to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never been to Boston before.
I didn't know that you were the one who did that.
I have no objection to your doing that with Tom.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he should do that.
I didn't know how to ride a bicycle at that time.
I have a feeling Tom will need to do that today.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he had to do that.
I didn't know how much money I was going to need.
I doubt very seriously that that will scare Tom.
Tom didn't seem to know who to give the envelope to.
I didn't know anything about Boston at that time.
I doubt very seriously that that will annoy Tom.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what he needed to do.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be present.
Tom didn't seem convinced that he needed to do that.
I didn't have very many friends when I was a kid.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be nervous.
Tom didn't learn how to do that until he was thirty.
I didn't have to stay in Boston as long as I did.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be jealous.
Tom didn't know how much money he was going to need.
I didn't have enough time to do what I had to do.
I doubt if Tom will be the first one to do that.
Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that today.
I didn't have a driver's license until last year.
I doubt if Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom didn't know anything at all about the situation.
I didn't expect the test to be as easy as it was.
I don't want to do this, but Tom says I have to.
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do that by myself.
I didn't do that because I didn't think I had to.
I don't want to do anything that will upset Tom.
Tom could've been nervous, but he didn't seem to be.
I didn't do that because I didn't have any money.
I don't think you could persuade Tom to do that.
Tom could've been frightened, but he didn't show it.
I didn't do any of the work I was supposed to do.
I don't think there's any way Tom could do that.
Tom confessed that he was the one who had done that.
I didn't begin to write songs until I was thirty.
I don't think that Tom was the one who did that.
Tom came into the room with a glass of orange juice.
I definitely want to do that soon, but not today.
I don't think Tom would ever be able to do that.
Tom asked if he really needed to do that by himself.
I always order the same thing at this restaurant.
I don't think Tom would do what you said he did.
Tom and I've known each other for about three years.
How much time do you think it'll take to do that?
I don't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and I've decided to leave right after breakfast.
How many years have you already spent doing that?
I don't think Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom and I usually leave the office at the same time.
How many weeks have you already spent doing that?
I don't think Tom would be concerned about that.
Tom and I swim together at least three times a week.
How many months does it actually take to do that?
I don't think Tom will ever come back to Boston.
Tom and I studied together the day before yesterday.
How many hours will it take you to get to Boston?
I don't think Tom will be in Boston next spring.
Tom and I send each other text messages quite often.
How many hours have you already spent doing that?
I don't think Tom will be here until after 2:30.
Tom and I reached for the doorknob at the same time.
How many days do you think it'll take to do that?
I don't think Tom will be doing that by himself.
Tom and I probably won't see each other for a while.
How long have you been trying to sell your house?
I don't think Tom will be awake when I get home.
Tom and I have been working together for many years.
Don't you think it would be unethical to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that today.
Tom and I hardly ever speak to each other in French.
Don't you think it would be dangerous to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that again.
Tom admitted he was the one who ate all the cookies.
Doing that will take more time than I have today.
I don't think Tom really has to do that anymore.
Tom's new wife is younger than his oldest daughter.
Do you really think it would be wrong to do that?
I don't think Tom has to do that until tomorrow.
Tom wouldn't have yelled at me if I'd been on time.
Do you really think it would be tough to do that?
I don't think Tom has overstepped his authority.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would he?
Do you really think it would be smart to do that?
I don't think Tom has ever done that by himself.
Tom would like to know the reason why you did that.
Do you really think it would be silly to do that?
I don't really feel like going camping with Tom.
Tom would like to hear the reason why you did that.
Do you really think it would be risky to do that?
I don't really care whether Tom likes me or not.
Tom won't be able to do that without a lot of help.
Do you really think it would be cheap to do that?
I don't like the same kind of music as Tom does.
Tom will probably do that today while I'm not here.
Do you know any other way I could try doing that?
I don't like the same kind of books as Tom does.
Tom will probably be very hungry when he gets home.
Do you consider yourself to be a generous person?
I don't know why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom will probably be gone by the time we get there.
Do people ever been criticize you for doing that?
I don't know who Tom wants to go to Boston with.
Tom will be waiting for me in front of the station.
Didn't you know you didn't have to be here today?
I don't know whether Tom is able do that or not.
Tom went out for a walk even though it was raining.
Did you know you weren't going to pass the class?
I don't know when Tom will get back from Boston.
Tom was the only other student who failed the test.
Can you tell me exactly what you're trying to do?
I don't know if Tom wants to go with you or not.
Tom was the only other person who couldn't do that.
As I told you before, I'm never going to do that.
I don't know how much money Tom has in the bank.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me to do that.
Are we supposed to stop when the light is yellow?
I don't know how long I'll have to wait for Tom.
Tom was the first one who spoke to me this morning.
Are we likely to be in Boston on Valentine's Day?
I don't have as many pairs of socks as Tom does.
Tom was the first one to tell us about the problem.
Are all your brothers and sisters musicians, too?
I didn't want to say anything to make Tom angry.
Tom was standing outside the restaurant looking in.
You've done that a couple of times, haven't you?
I didn't want to do this, but Tom said I had to.
Tom wanted to know what we expected to happen next.
You're the only person I know who can't do that.
I didn't want to be there and Tom didn't either.
Tom told me why it would be a good idea to do that.
You're the only one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston this week.
Tom told me that he was the one who had to do that.
You're the first person to ever ask me for help.
I didn't think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what he should do.
You're lucky nobody saw you do that, aren't you?
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed by that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what he has to do.
You're likely the only person who can't do that.
I didn't think Tom was the first one to do that.
Tom told me that I needed to go to today's meeting.
You'll soon be able to do that without any help.
I didn't think Tom was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that I needed to be at today's meeting.
You won't have to do that by yourself, will you?
I didn't think Tom was in his office on Mondays.
Tom told me he thought it would be safe to do that.
You won't have to do anything you don't want to.
I didn't tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
Tom thought he would be able to do that by himself.
You weren't surprised that I did that, were you?
I didn't tell Tom I didn't have time to do that.
Tom thinks that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
You weren't given a chance to do that, were you?
I didn't say anything about the accident to Tom.
Tom still hasn't told me why he's going to do that.
You weren't able to do that yesterday, were you?
I didn't mean to tell Tom about that, but I did.
Tom should've stayed in Boston for a few more days.
You weren't able to do that very well, were you?
I didn't know whether Tom was having fun or not.
Tom should've been able to show you how to do that.
You were surprised that I did that, weren't you?
I didn't know whether Tom was a Canadian or not.
Tom should be able to do that with his eyes closed.
You were going to do that yourself, weren't you?
I didn't know what to give Tom for his birthday.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him what I'd done.
You used to be a physical therapist, didn't you?
I didn't know what to do when Tom broke his leg.
Tom says he'll finish the work as soon as possible.
You think that I did that on purpose, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be at the party.
Tom says he thinks it might not be wise to do that.
You think I won't be able to do that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom used to teach you French.
Tom says he thinks it might not be safe to do that.
You think I was the one who did that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom liked to play volleyball.
Tom says he thinks it might not be easy to do that.
You think I really wanted to do that, don't you?
I didn't know how to do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom says he saves a lot of money by buying in bulk.
You think I really needed to do that, don't you?
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that today.
Tom says he regrets that he wasn't able to do that.
You think I could do that if I tried, don't you?
I didn't know Tom was still planning to do that.
Tom says he just wants to make sure that gets done.
You shouldn't do that kind of thing by yourself.
I didn't know Tom was planning to do that today.
Tom says he has to find someone to do that for him.
You should've done that when you had the chance.
I didn't have time to explain everything to Tom.
Tom says he forgot that he had promised to do that.
You promised you'd do that before you went home.
I didn't have the heart to refuse Tom's request.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that right now.
You promised us you wouldn't ever do that again.
How many years has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom says he doesn't remember asking you to do that.
You promised us that you wouldn't do that again.
How many weeks has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom says he doesn't really know how old his dog is.
You promised that you'd do that, but you didn't.
How many times have you told Tom not to do that?
Tom says he doesn't know if he has time to do that.
You never thought I'd help you do that, did you?
How many more years will it take Tom to do that?
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that right now.
You need to be strong to do something like that.
How many more weeks will it take Tom to do that?
Tom says he doesn't have the confidence to do that.
You know why I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
How many more hours will it take Tom to do that?
Tom says he doesn't care whether we do that or not.
You know why I don't need to do that, don't you?
How many hours has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom says he didn't know he was supposed to do that.
You know why I don't have to do that, don't you?
How do you know Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do to help.
You know what'll happen if I do that, don't you?
Do you think you could stop Tom from doing that?
Tom said there are no meetings scheduled for today.
You know I'm not supposed to do that, don't you?
Do you think Tom would mind if I didn't do that?
Tom said that wasn't likely to happen this morning.
You know I shouldn't do that anymore, don't you?
Do you think Tom would ever consider doing that?
Tom said that his grandfather is living by himself.
You know I no longer need to do that, don't you?
Do you really think Tom doesn't have to do that?
Tom said that he really didn't know how to do that.
You knew I'd likely have to do that, didn't you?
Do you mean you didn't actually see Tom do that?
Tom said that he didn't really know how to do that.
You knew I wouldn't want to do that, didn't you?
Do you know what kind of apartment Tom lives in?
Tom said that I should do that as soon as possible.
You knew I wouldn't have to do that, didn't you?
Do you have any idea what Tom is planning to do?
Tom said it should've been a lot easier to do that.
You don't want to have to do that again, do you?
Didn't you know that Tom used to live in Boston?
Tom said he'd be willing to help if we needed help.
You don't think I'll be able to do that, do you?
Didn't you know that Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom said he wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
You don't think I need to do that today, do you?
Didn't you know Tom used to be a French teacher?
Tom said he wished he hadn't left the windows open.
You don't seem convinced that I need to do that.
Did you know that Tom wasn't having a good time?
Tom said he wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
You don't seem convinced that I have to do that.
Did you know Tom used to teach French in Boston?
Tom said he was the only one who wanted to do that.
You don't really want to live in Boston, do you?
As soon as Tom has finished work, we'll do that.
Tom said he was the only one who needed to do that.
You don't really think I had to do that, do you?
Are you and Tom still not talking to each other?
Tom said he was thankful for the chance to do that.
You don't have to eat that if you don't want to.
You're the only one who ever really helped Tom.
Tom said he thought those shoes were too expensive.
You don't have the authority to do that, do you?
You won't allow Tom to do that again, will you?
Tom said he thought that would probably not happen.
You didn't think that we could do that, did you?
You weren't expecting Tom to do that, were you?
Tom said he thought that would likely never happen.
You didn't think I'd do that by myself, did you?
You weren't able to help Tom do that, were you?
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that for me.
You didn't really feel like doing that, did you?
You were hoping Tom could do that, weren't you?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
You didn't realize I needed to do that, did you?
You were expecting Tom to do that, weren't you?
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that.
You didn't know I was still doing that, did you?
You told Tom I knew how to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought he knew what needed to be done.
You didn't have a good time doing that, did you?
You told Tom I intended to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
You didn't do that as quickly as you usually do.
You told Tom I could do that today, didn't you?
Tom said he thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Would you like to come to Boston for the summer?
You think Tom won't want to do that, don't you?
Tom said he thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Would it be better to do that today or tomorrow?
You think Tom won't need to do that, don't you?
Tom said he sees a lot of dead animals on the road.
Why don't you stay here with us for a few weeks?
You think Tom won't like to do that, don't you?
Tom said he saved a lot of money by buying in bulk.
Why aren't you doing what we've asked you to do?
You think Tom won't like doing that, don't you?
Tom said he probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Who gets up earlier, your mother or your father?
You think Tom won't have to do that, don't you?
Tom said he left early because he was feeling sick.
Where in Australia would you most like to visit?
You think Tom will do that tomorrow, don't you?
Tom said he knew he might have to do that tomorrow.
When was the last time you hugged your children?
You think Tom will actually do that, don't you?
Tom said he doesn't have the confidence to do that.
What do you think is the easiest way to do that?
You should wait until Tom gets here to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to wear John's old clothes.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to do that?
You should tell Tom that you intend to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to say anything about that.
We've never met, but I've heard a lot about you.
You should probably tell Tom you won't do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go camping next weekend.
We're fortunate that we're permitted to do that.
You should probably tell Tom you can't do that.
Tom said he didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
We stayed in Boston for three weeks last spring.
You should let Tom know that you won't do that.
Tom said he didn't know who to give the package to.
We shouldn't have stayed in Boston so many days.
You should let Tom know that you can't do that.
Tom said he didn't know if he'd be able to do that.
We probably won't get another chance to do this.
You should get Tom to teach you how to do that.
Tom said he couldn't do that because he's too busy.
We might need to be in Boston for several weeks.
You refused to tell Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom said didn't have many opportunities to do that.
We may have to go to Boston the week after next.
You need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said I didn't have to help if I didn't want to.
We had to stay in Boston for another three days.
You know that Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
Tom refused to tell me where he was planning to go.
We don't want to be in Boston during the winter.
You knew that Tom wouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom promised me that he wouldn't lie to me anymore.
We both want to stay in Boston for another week.
You knew that Tom couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom promised himself that he'd never do that again.
Visiting Australia was a good experience for me.
You knew Tom would help me do that, didn't you?
Tom probably won't be able to do that without help.
Unfortunately, I wasn't smart enough to do that.
You knew Tom said he would do that, didn't you?
Tom probably thought he was going to be busy today.
This area has changed a lot since we moved here.
You knew I had to help Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom probably doesn't know that I think he's stupid.
There'll come a day when you'll want to do that.
You have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to play the mandolin.
There'll come a day when you'll need to do that.
You have no idea why Tom wanted you to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time he'll need.
There'll come a day when you'll have to do that.
You don't really think Tom can do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know how much money was taken.
The woman talking on her phone seemed irritated.
You don't really expect Tom to do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
The people waiting for the bus seemed impatient.
You don't know why Tom kept doing that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know any other way to do that.
The movie was better than I thought it would be.
You didn't want Tom to do that for me, did you?
Tom needs to be back in Boston as soon as possible.
The lady wearing sunglasses seemed very strange.
You didn't realize Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom must've done that yesterday before we got here.
The girl wearing headphones seemed to be asleep.
You didn't pronounce Tom's last name correctly.
Tom must've been tired when he got home last night.
The girl carrying a mandolin was very beautiful.
You didn't know Tom wanted to do that, did you?
Tom might need to go to Boston the week after next.
So far, you're the only person who's complained.
You didn't know Tom shouldn't do that, did you?
Tom managed to get out of the car without any help.
Since it rained the whole day, I stayed indoors.
You didn't know Tom needed to do that, did you?
Tom knows he should've been able to do that better.
People might think you're crazy if you did that.
You asked Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
Tom knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
One of my brothers wants to become an astronaut.
You asked Tom if he had to do that, didn't you?
Tom isn't very likely to figure out how to do that.
My speech will only be about three minutes long.
Why don't you let Tom know that you'll do that?
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't want to do that.
My parents own the grocery store on Park Street.
Who told you Tom had been released from prison?
Tom isn't patient enough to do something like that.
My family moved around a lot when I was a young.
We need to take Tom to the hospital right away.
Tom isn't likely to be through doing that yet.
My blood pressure has been pretty high recently.
We have to take Tom to the hospital right away.
Tom isn't coming back to Boston until next October.
Most people will probably choose not to do that.
This is the first time Tom has ever complained.
Tom is too intelligent to ever consider doing that.
Most people here don't know how to speak French.
The last time Tom did that was three years ago.
Tom is too intelligent to even consider doing that.
Most people don't like to do that when it's hot.
The boy wearing the purple baseball cap is Tom.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be worried.
Maybe it would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
Some of the people who work with Tom are Canadians.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be working.
Mary didn't drink at all while she was pregnant.
Please tell me whether Tom will do that or not.
Tom is taller than all the other boys in his class.
Many people don't know that peanuts aren't nuts.
Please tell Tom to do that as soon as possible.
Tom is smarter than any other student in his class.
It's really hard to tell what's going to happen.
Please listen carefully to what Tom has to say.
Tom is one of the three guys who needed to do that.
It's fun to try lots of different kinds of food.
Perhaps Tom doesn't play the saxophone anymore.
Tom is one of the thirty people who were evacuated.
It's already been three months since I did that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what you're looking for.
Tom is one of the thirty people who had to do that.
It'll probably be impossible for you to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he did was illegal.
Tom is on the porch with three friends from school.
It'll be impossible to do that, don't you think?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that won't happen today.
Tom is likely to still be interested in doing that.
It would be disappointing if you didn't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he has to do that today.
Tom is going back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I'm the only one who seems to be having any fun.
It's your responsibility to get Tom to do that.
Tom is from a small town about 300 miles from here.
I'm still the same weight I was three years ago.
It's not necessary for Tom to go there himself.
Tom is bigger than all the other boys in his class.
I'm still going to Boston several times a month.
It's impossible for Tom to do that before dark.
Tom is a someone I have trouble getting along with.
I'm not the only one who wants to go home early.
It'll probably be dangerous for Tom to do that.
Tom is a much better singer now than he used to be.
I'd understand it if you didn't want to do that.
It looks like Tom is pretty good at doing that.
Tom hasn't been able to do that since his accident.
I'd like to do that with you, but I can't today.
It doesn't matter whether Tom does that or not.
Tom has worn the same hat for at least three years.
I would've visited Boston if I'd had the chance.
Is it necessary for Tom to go there by himself?
Tom has worked as a cowboy since he was a teenager.
I would've gone to Boston if I'd had the chance.
Is Tom going to play the guitar for us tonight?
Tom has newer tires on his car than I have on mine.
I won't stay in Boston for more than three days.
If Tom wants to do that, I'll do that with him.
Tom has just done what he should've done last week.
I wish you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
I've heard that Tom doesn't do that very often.
Tom has enough time to do that before he goes home.
I wish I didn't have to help with the housework.
I've already forgotten Tom's girlfriend's name.
Tom has come out of his coma and is getting better.
I went to a jazz festival the month before last.
I'm the only one who ever really talked to Tom.
Tom has been trying to figure that out all morning.
I wanted to go home and eat dinner with my wife.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
Tom has been studying French for a year and a half.
I want to know what time you'll be getting here.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to do that for you.
Tom has been in the waiting room for the past hour.
I want to finish eating before I talk to anyone.
I'm sure Tom won't be the first one to do that.
Tom has been doing that for three and a half years.
I thought you were supposed to be there by 2:30.
I'm sure Tom won't be interested in doing that.
Tom has a few things he needs to do this afternoon.
I thought you were asked not to do that anymore.
I'm sure Tom won't be awake this late at night.
Tom had already eaten when I got to the restaurant.
I thought you said you've done that three times.
I'm sure Tom will be through doing that by now.
Tom found his old camera in the back of his closet.
I thought you said you'd never done that before.
I'm sure Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't want to do that because it's dangerous.
I thought you said you weren't going to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be doing that now.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
I thought you said you were hesitant to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom used to be able to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit he wasn't able to do that.
I thought you said you were finished doing that.
I'm not sure whether Tom has to do that or not.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know what to do.
I thought you said someone asked you to do that.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that anymore.
Tom didn't think that you would be able to do that.
I thought you didn't know how to play the banjo.
I'd rather stay here than go swimming with Tom.
Tom didn't think I was going to be able to do that.
I think you and I are staying at the same hotel.
I'd rather stay here than go anywhere with Tom.
Tom didn't seem to know who to give the package to.
I think that if you tried to do that, you could.
I'd be very disappointed if Tom didn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he should do that.
I think it would be safe to do that by yourself.
I wouldn't permit Tom to do that if I were you.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that he had to do that.
I think it would be dangerous for us to do that.
I work at the same supermarket where Tom works.
Tom didn't provide details of how he would do that.
I think it would be a good idea to take a break.
I wonder why Tom still lives in that old house.
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry to get home.
I think it might not be so expensive to do that.
I wonder if Tom was able to do that by himself.
Tom didn't know you were supposed to do that today.
I think doing that might take about three hours.
I wonder if Tom is desperate enough to do that.
Tom didn't know that you were the one who did that.
I think I'm the one who was supposed to do that.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that by himself anymore.
Tom didn't know that we were the ones who did that.
I stayed indoors all day because it was raining.
I wish I hadn't told Tom where I hid the money.
Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I should've gone to Boston with you last summer.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom.
Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that on Monday.
I should've been able to do that in three hours.
I wasn't the one who showed Tom how to do that.
Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that by myself.
I should do that now, but I don't have the time.
I warned you what would happen if Tom did that.
Tom didn't know how to do that until he was thirty.
I propose we do something about that right away.
I wanted to do that yesterday morning with Tom.
Tom didn't know anything at all about the accident.
I promise that I'll be with you in half an hour.
I tried to help Tom escape from the kidnappers.
Tom didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that today.
I need three large onions and a head of cabbage.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom couldn't find the documents he was looking for.
I might have to stay in Boston for another week.
I told Tom that I don't know what I need to do.
Tom could've been sleepy, but he didn't seem to be.
I might be in Boston for a couple of more weeks.
I told Tom it was dangerous for him to do that.
Tom could've been mad, but he didn't look that way.
I know I'm supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I told Tom I thought it would be OK to do that.
Tom could make you do that, but I doubt if he will.
I intend to visit Boston during my spring break.
I thought you were going to ask Tom to do that.
Tom could be the one responsible for what happened.
I hope you get that job in Boston that you want.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom do that.
Tom claims he didn't know that was going to happen.
I hope you can understand why I want to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with us.
Tom can do that with one hand tied behind his back.
I haven't yet written anything in this notebook.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with me.
Tom booked a room for me at a hotel near his house.
I don't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I thought Tom would have time to do that today.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with him.
I don't think we could do that even if we tried.
I thought Tom would be the next one to do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't try doing that by myself.
I don't think it's dangerous for you to do that.
I thought Tom would be the last one to do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't come to school on Monday.
I don't think it would be depressing to do that.
I thought Tom would be surprised if I did that.
Tom asked me if I knew how to play the French horn.
I don't think I'll ever get used to Korean food.
I thought Tom wasn't going to do that tomorrow.
Tom and I've started to get on each other's nerves.
I don't think I'll ever get tired of doing this.
I thought Tom said he liked this kind of music.
Tom and I've known each other for a very long time.
I don't think I'll be able to do that by myself.
I thought Tom said he didn't have a girlfriend.
Tom and I won't be able see each other for a while.
I don't think I have the time to help you today.
I thought Tom might need to do that by himself.
Tom and I were in the same class in primary school.
I don't think I could do that without your help.
I thought Tom might have to do that by himself.
Tom and I were best friends when we were teenagers.
I don't speak French as well as I speak English.
I thought I'd forgotten to tell Tom what to do.
Tom and I shared a hospital room for several weeks.
I don't remember my first French teacher's name.
I thought I was doing what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom and I shared a bedroom when we were growing up.
I don't like to ride the train during rush hour.
I think Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom and I are the ones who are supposed to do that.
I don't like it when this kind of thing happens.
I think Tom would be amused by what's going on.
Tom and I are going to get married on October 20th.
I don't know who I should ask to do that for me.
I think Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
Tom and I are getting ready to go on our honeymoon.
I don't know what time I'm supposed to be there.
I think Tom won't be able to do that very well.
Tom already told me he doesn't know how to do that.
I don't know how much time I'll need to do that.
I think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
Tom admitted he didn't do what we wanted him to do.
I don't know how much time I'll have to do that.
I think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom admitted he didn't do what he promised he'd do.
I don't have enough time to get everything done.
I think Tom probably won't know how to do that.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we forced him to do that.
I don't have any money, so I can't buy any food.
I think Tom might get punished if he does that.
Tom would go to Boston with us if he had the time.
I don't have any friends who like to go camping.
I think Tom is the only one who has to do that.
Tom won't likely be very hungry when he gets home.
I don't feel like doing that on such a cold day.
I think Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
Tom will probably be in Boston two or three years.
I didn't watch much television when I was a kid.
I think Tom could've done that without my help.
Tom will likely be retired by this time next year.
I didn't want to talk about that over the phone.
I think Tom could've been reluctant to do that.
Tom will go back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I didn't want to admit I wasn't able to do that.
I think I know why Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom wasn't able to figure out how to open the box.
I didn't want to admit I didn't know what to do.
I think I know why Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom was very good at doing that when he was young.
I didn't think you'd notice that I wasn't there.
I still haven't told Tom why I want to do that.
Tom was the first one to say we shouldn't do that.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to Korean food.
I still haven't told Tom why I need to do that.
Tom was in the hospital for thee months last year.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that by myself.
I still haven't told Tom why I have to do that.
Tom was going to do that the day before yesterday.
I didn't think I would be in Boston for so long.
I should've told Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom wants me to stay in Boston until his birthday.
I didn't speak French the first time you met me.
I should tell Tom to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom used to do that, but he doesn't do it anymore.
I didn't really need it, but I bought it anyway.
I should probably tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom told us that it wouldn't necessary to do that.
I didn't know what to do with the leftover food.
I should probably tell Tom what has to be done.
Tom told us that doing that wouldn't be necessary.
I didn't know what time I was supposed to leave.
I should probably tell Tom about what happened.
Tom told me yesterday that he'll do that tomorrow.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that today.
I should probably tell Tom I'm going to Boston.
Tom told me why it would be a bad idea to do that.
I didn't know that what I was doing was illegal.
I should probably tell Tom I intend to do that.
Tom told me that he doesn't want to do that again.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I should probably not tell Tom that I'm sleepy.
Tom told me that I need to attend today's meeting.
I didn't know how to drive until just last year.
I should probably not tell Tom that I'm hungry.
Tom told me he thought it would be fun to do that.
I didn't know how to do that until I was thirty.
I should be able to do that without Tom's help.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that for me.
I didn't intend to spend so much time in Boston.
I said essentially the same thing that Tom did.
Tom thinks that doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
I didn't have to come here yesterday, but I did.
I probably should've showed you Tom to do that.
Tom tends to only do what is absolutely necessary.
I didn't have time to finish writing the report.
I need to remember to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom takes his ukulele with him everywhere he goes.
I didn't have time to do what needed to be done.
I know that Tom is difficult to get along with.
Tom still hasn't told me why he wanted to do that.
I didn't have time last night to do my homework.
I knew doing that would make Tom uncomfortable.
Tom still hasn't told me why he needed to do that.
I didn't have my parents' permission to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not be able to do that.
Tom still hasn't learned how to do that correctly.
I didn't have enough time to finish my homework.
I hope Tom isn't gone by the time we get there.
Tom spent a lot of time studying French last week.
I didn't have enough money to go to the concert.
I hope Tom is outside waiting for us right now.
Tom spends a lot of money on things he never uses.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I wanted.
I hope Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom spends a lot of his free time studying French.
I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I heard that Tom isn't very good at doing that.
Tom sounded like he was surprised by the question.
I didn't have anything to do with what happened.
I haven't told Tom about my financial problems.
Tom soon realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
I didn't get home until after 2:30 this morning.
I have no idea why Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom should've been able to do that in three hours.
I didn't do what I was supposed to do yesterday.
I got to know Tom while I was living in Boston.
Tom should've been able to do that better than me.
I didn't commit the crimes I've been accused of.
I forgot to remind Tom to take out the garbage.
Tom says he's looking forward to coming to Boston.
I can play both tennis and baseball fairly well.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be lonely.
Tom says he'll do that whether you like it or not.
I bought some peaches on the way home from work.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be afraid.
Tom says he thinks it'll be impossible to do that.
How much time do you think is needed to do that?
I doubt it something like that would upset Tom.
Tom says he thinks it would be foolish to do that.
How many weeks does it actually take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be the next one to do that.
Tom says he thinks Boston is a good place to live.
How many ways do you think there are to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be the last one to do that.
Tom says he has a special tool he uses to do that.
How many seconds does it really take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be ready when we get there.
Tom says he doesn't think he has to do that today.
How many people live in your apartment building?
I doubt if Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that just now.
How many more years will it take you to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be excused from doing that.
Tom says he doesn't remember asking me to do that.
How many more years do you think you'll do that?
I don't want to do that and Tom doesn't either.
Tom says he doesn't really know where he was born.
How many minutes does it really take to do that?
I don't want to be here and Tom doesn't either.
Tom says he doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
How many hours does it actually take to do that?
I don't think that Tom was in Boston last week.
Tom says he doesn't know any other way to do that.
How many days have you already spent doing that?
I don't think that Tom is the one who did that.
Tom sat in his front yard, looking up at the moon.
Don't you want to stay in Boston for the summer?
I don't think Tom would really want to do that.
Tom said there were still a lot things left to do.
Don't you think it would be romantic to do that?
I don't think Tom would be upset if I did that.
Tom said the woman I met yesterday was his mother.
Don't you think it would be possible to do that?
I don't think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that's not likely to happen anytime soon.
Don't waste your time thinking about it anymore.
I don't think Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that wouldn't likely happen anytime soon.
Doing that likely won't be all that interesting.
I don't think Tom will be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't working in Boston anymore.
Doing that every morning must be boring for you.
I don't think Tom will be motivated to do that.
Tom said his father told him not to do that again.
Do you really think it would be wise to do that?
I don't think Tom really wants to do that here.
Tom said he's really glad he was asked to do that.
Do you really think it would be safe to do that?
I don't think Tom is amused by what's going on.
Tom said he's been having fun hanging out with us.
Do you really think it would be easy to do that?
I don't think Tom has to do that until October.
Tom said he'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Do you really think doing that would be foolish?
I don't think Tom has the willpower to do that.
Tom said he'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Do you get along with your brothers and sisters?
I don't think Tom can find the time to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Didn't you promise me that you wouldn't do that?
I don't need to talk to Tom if I don't want to.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Didn't you know you weren't supposed to do that?
I don't like the same kind of food as Tom does.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Didn't you know that peanuts aren't really nuts?
I don't like Tom and I don't think I ever will.
Tom said he wished he hadn't done that by himself.
Didn't you know that I used to be a taxi driver?
I don't know why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Tom said he watched TV for three hours last night.
Didn't you know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
I don't know why Tom didn't want me to do that.
Tom said he was the only one who got here on time.
Didn't you know I don't have a driver's license?
I don't know whether Tom should do that or not.
Tom said he was still not very good at doing that.
Didn't I tell you that you didn't need to worry?
I don't know whether Tom has to do that or not.
Tom said he was hoping you could do that with him.
Are you thinking of going to Boston next summer?
I don't know what time Tom got home last night.
Tom said he wanted me to teach him how to do that.
All you need to do is just sit there and listen.
I don't have to talk to Tom if I don't want to.
Tom said he thought it would be raining on Monday.
All you have to do is just sit there and listen.
I don't have to do that. Tom will do it for me.
Tom said he thought it was a tad risky to do that.
About how many hours did you watch TV last week?
I don't have the courage to tell Tom the truth.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that today.
"Would you like some ice cream" "No, thank you."
I don't have the courage to ask Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought doing that would be dangerous.
"How do you come to school?" "By bus and train."
I don't have any money, so I can't go with Tom.
Tom said he thought doing that would be a mistake.
"Do I have to do that?" "No, you don't have to."
I don't ever want to go fishing with Tom again.
Tom said he thought doing that would a lot of fun.
You're the only person who can help me do that.
I don't believe Tom really did that by himself.
Tom said he thought I needed to get more exercise.
You're the only Canadian I've ever talked with.
I didn't want to do that and Tom didn't either.
Tom said he saw a lot of dead animals on the road.
You're supposed to help me do that, aren't you?
I didn't want Tom to leave, but he left anyway.
Tom said he needed to do that as soon as possible.
You'll have plenty of time to do that tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom would have to do that again.
Tom said he knew he might be permitted to do that.
You'll do that later this afternoon, won't you?
I didn't think Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom said he had already planned to do that for us.
You'd be surprised if I did that, wouldn't you?
I didn't think Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom said he doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
You wouldn't like it if we did that, would you?
I didn't think Tom would be frightened by that.
Tom said he didn't want to give any more speeches.
You won't be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid, but he was.
Tom said he didn't think doing that would be safe.
You were the first one to do that, weren't you?
I didn't think Tom was the last one to do that.
Tom said he didn't have the confidence to do that.
You were expecting this to happen, weren't you?
I didn't think Tom was finished doing that yet.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy a car.
You used to be a school bus driver, didn't you?
I didn't think Tom really had to do that today.
Tom said he didn't believe that actually happened.
You think you need to do that today, don't you?
I didn't tell Tom I needed to find another job.
Tom said he could probably do that in three hours.
You think you have to do that today, don't you?
I didn't know whether Tom could do that or not.
Tom refused to tell me what he was planning to do.
You think you don't need to do that, don't you?
I didn't know what to do when Tom told me that.
Tom refused to do what I told him he needed to do.
You think you don't have to do that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom promised me that he would never do that again.
You still like to do that sometimes, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom probably thought I didn't know how to do that.
You still have to finish doing that, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom was going to be so busy.
Tom probably doesn't know who's going to help him.
You still do that from time to time, don't you?
I didn't know that Tom had already bought milk.
Tom probably doesn't know what you're looking for.
You should've been in Boston with us last week.
I didn't know that Tom could understand French.
Tom probably doesn't know what he should be doing.
You should've been finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that Tom already knew what to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that won't happen today.
You should've been able to do that on your own.
I didn't know how much money I should give Tom.
Tom probably doesn't know how to get a hold of me.
You should've been able to do that much better.
I didn't know how long Tom expected me to wait.
Tom probably doesn't know he has to do that today.
You should've been able to do that by yourself.
I didn't know Tom was going to have to do that.
Tom needs to start paying more attention in class.
You should probably do that as soon as you can.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that by himself.
Tom needs to be told about what's going to happen.
You should be able to do that without any help.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that by himself.
Tom needed to be finished doing that by yesterday.
You promised us that you'd never do that again.
I didn't give Tom the information he requested.
Tom moved to Boston with his wife just last month.
You often go jogging in the morning, don't you?
I didn't do that as well as Tom expected me to.
Tom managed to get to school on time this morning.
You never thought I'd want to do that, did you?
How many times a week does Tom have to do that?
Tom listed a lot of reasons why we should do that.
You never really felt like doing that, did you?
How many more days will it take Tom to do that?
Tom knew he should've been able to do that better.
You may need to stay in Boston a little longer.
How many days has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom isn't likely to be in Boston next Monday.
You may have to stay in Boston a little longer.
How long do you think Tom has spent doing that?
Tom isn't likely to be determined to do that.
You look like you've been sick for a long time.
How long did it take you to get to Tom's house?
Tom isn't likely to be absent again tomorrow.
You know we aren't going to do that, don't you?
How badly was Tom's house damaged by the storm?
Tom is trying to figure out what needs to be done.
You know that I'm afraid to do that, don't you?
Does that mean that Tom isn't going to do that?
Tom is trying so hard to do what needs to be done.
You know that I don't often do that, don't you?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to do that?
Tom is too conservative to do something like that.
You know that I don't like it when you're late.
Do you think Tom would be reluctant to do that?
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be eating.
You know how much I hate doing that, don't you?
Do you think Tom would be miserable doing that?
Tom is out on the porch, talking with his friends.
You knew I wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to help?
Tom is only trying to do what he's supposed to do.
You knew I was supposed to do that, didn't you?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be there?
Tom is one of the three guys who couldn't do that.
You knew I was planning to do that, didn't you?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't supposed to do that?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were laid off.
You haven't done that in a long time, have you?
Didn't you know Tom is good at speaking French?
Tom is one of the thirty people who were arrested.
You don't want to try to do that again, do you?
Didn't you know Tom couldn't play the trombone?
Tom is likely to be very hungry when he gets home.
You don't want to try doing that again, do you?
Did you know that Tom isn't really from Boston?
Tom is likely to be gone by the time we get there.
You don't think that we should do that, do you?
Did you know that Tom is also a French teacher?
Tom is good at giving easy-to-follow instructions.
You don't really understand how I feel, do you?
Did you know Tom was still planning to do that?
Tom is going to stay in Boston with us next month.
You don't really need to do that today, do you?
Did you know Tom lived with his aunt and uncle?
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to do that anymore.
You don't really have to do that today, do you?
Did you know Tom is actually very conservative?
Tom hasn't eaten or drunk anything for three days.
You don't particularly want to do that, do you?
Did you know Tom bought a house on Park Street?
Tom has some things he needs to do this afternoon.
You don't often do that in the morning, do you?
Did you know Tom before he came to work for us?
Tom has probably known about that for a long time.
You don't know why I needed to do that, do you?
Ask Tom if he really needs to be there by 2:30.
Tom has enough money to buy that, I'm pretty sure.
You don't have to help me if you don't want to.
You're the only one who ever really liked Tom.
Tom has chalk on his sleeve. Maybe he's a teacher.
You don't expect me to do that for you, do you?
You're the one Tom wants to take to the dance.
Tom has been told that he doesn't need to do that.
You didn't want to do that right away, did you?
You'd better not do that while Tom's watching.
Tom has been told that he doesn't have to do that.
You didn't realize you had to do that, did you?
You won't be able to stop Tom from doing that.
Tom has been told he doesn't look like a teenager.
You didn't know you needed to do that, did you?
You weren't sure Tom should do that, were you?
Tom has been on the baseball team for three years.
You didn't have to do that right away, did you?
You weren't sure Tom had to do that, were you?
Tom has been living in Boston for three years now.
You didn't have to do that if I didn't want to.
You told Tom you couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom has been in Boston for almost three years now.
You didn't have permission to do that, did you?
You told Tom why I had to do that, didn't you?
Tom has been having a really hard time doing that.
You did that without anyone's help, didn't you?
You told Tom why I didn't do that, didn't you?
Tom has been giving us everything we've asked for.
You did that in Boston last summer, didn't you?
You told Tom not to do that again, didn't you?
Tom has been doing that for less than three years.
You actually tried to do that once, didn't you?
You think Tom won't really do that, don't you?
Would it be all right if I don't do that today?
You think Tom won't likely do that, don't you?
Tom finally learned to do that when he was thirty.
When was the last time you were late for class?
You think I could make Tom do that, don't you?
Tom enjoys being home with his family on weekends.
When do people start to get their wisdom teeth?
You still want to do that with Tom, don't you?
Tom doesn't want to be the one who has to do that.
What makes you think I'd like to do that again?
You still don't think Tom can do that, do you?
Tom doesn't want to be present at today's meeting.
What makes you think I'd be willing to do that?
You still don't know why Tom did that, do you?
Tom doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
What makes you think I'd be tempted to do that?
You shouldn't have told Tom that you did that.
Tom doesn't think I'm going to be able to do that.
What happened to the money I left on the table?
You should've told Tom that he had to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that anymore.
We've decided to speak to each other in French.
You should tell Tom you won't do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying himself very much.
We'll probably be able to do that by ourselves.
You should tell Tom you don't want to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that he has to do that.
We stayed in Boston last year for three months.
You should tell Tom you don't need to do that.
Tom doesn't remember actually deciding to do that.
We might not be in Boston until Monday evening.
You should tell Tom you don't have to do that.
Tom doesn't really think that I did that, does he?
We don't need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
You should tell Tom why you enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until you tell him to.
We don't come to Boston as often as we used to.
You should tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't make as much money as he says he does.
There is a helipad on the roof of the hospital.
You should make sure that Tom does that today.
Tom doesn't know who's going to be at the meeting.
There are a lot of unhappy people in the world.
You should get Tom to tell you how to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether he has to do that or not.
The young girl carrying a flute seemed annoyed.
You should get Tom to show you how to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether I need to do that or not.
The police chief said no arrests had been made.
You should be able to do that better than Tom.
Tom doesn't know whether I have to do that or not.
The number of people who do that has increased.
You need to ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom doesn't come to Boston as often as he used to.
The last time I was in Boston was last October.
You may be able to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom does things that I would never consider doing.
The house I grew up in didn't have electricity.
You know why Tom wanted to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't tell me he didn't have time to do that.
The car is all packed and we're ready to leave.
You know that Tom wants to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what was happening.
People might think you're crazy if you do that.
You know that Tom needs to do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem to be amused by what was going on.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me that.
You hope Tom don't make us do that, don't you?
Tom didn't seem concerned about what might happen.
My name was spelled wrong in today's newspaper.
You haven't told Tom why I did that, have you?
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry to do that.
My mother made all my clothes when I was young.
You have to ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom didn't like coffee the first time he tried it.
My children can speak French better than I can.
You don't want Tom to stop doing that, do you?
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that today.
My assistant is a thirty-year-old Canadian man.
You don't want Tom to do that anymore, do you?
Tom didn't know that he had to do that by himself.
Most people here don't know how to play tennis.
You don't know why Tom has to do that, do you?
Tom didn't have a dog the last time I visited him.
Maybe I'll stay in Boston for a few more weeks.
You don't know why Tom didn't do that, do you?
Tom couldn't remember where he'd buried the money.
Luckily, my guitar wasn't damaged in the flood.
You didn't tell Tom I had to do that, did you?
Tom couldn't remember where he had parked his car.
Let's make sure that that doesn't happen again.
You didn't know Tom wouldn't do that, did you?
Tom could've stopped doing that if he'd wanted to.
It's much more dangerous there than we thought.
You didn't believe Tom would do that, did you?
Tom could've been right, but I think he was wrong.
It's already been a year since I last did that.
You didn't believe Tom could do that, did you?
Tom could've been intoxicated, but he acted sober.
It'll take you at least three hours to do that.
You asked Tom to help you do that, didn't you?
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I wouldn't do that.
It'll take us several weeks to finish this job.
You asked Tom not to do that here, didn't you?
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I couldn't do that.
It'll probably be dangerous for you to do that.
You asked Tom if he could do that, didn't you?
Tom began doing that when he was living in Boston.
It'll probably be almost impossible to do that.
Would you know if Tom is permitted to do that?
Tom asked me why I didn't show up for the meeting.
It would be a good idea to do that by yourself.
Will Tom really be able to do that by himself?
Tom asked me to help him with his French homework.
It took me about three hours to read this book.
Why do you think Tom wouldn't want to do that?
Tom asked if it would be dangerous if he did that.
It takes a lot of money to do that, doesn't it?
Why do you think Tom won't do that by himself?
Tom and I were in the same French class last year.
It probably won't be very expensive to do that.
Why did you tell Tom I had trouble doing that?
Tom and I used to talk to each other all the time.
It must be boring for you to do that every day.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't like doing that?
Tom and I talked for quite a while this afternoon.
It makes no difference whether you come or not.
Why did you tell Tom I didn't have to do that?
Tom and I swam together every morning last summer.
It doesn't look like you're through doing that.
Who told you Tom wouldn't know how to do that?
Tom and I sometimes speak to each other in French.
It doesn't look like you're tempted to do that.
Where do you think Tom will be this afternoon?
Tom and I sat next to each other in the classroom.
If you don't hurry, we won't get there on time.
When did you find out Tom had moved to Boston?
Tom and I often sit next to each other on the bus.
If we had done that, it would've been more fun.
What should we do while we're waiting for Tom?
Tom and I never stay angry at each other for long.
If I decide to come over, I'll give you a call.
We should've been in Boston on Tom's birthday.
Tom and I got married in a small church in Boston.
I've decided not to go to Boston until October.
We should take Tom to the hospital right away.
Tom and I are studying for tomorrow's French test.
I've decided it would be better not to do that.
We need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom and I are going to climb Mt. Fuji next summer.
I've been working as a plumber for three years.
We have to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom admitted he'd been doing that for a long time.
I'm pretty good at French, but not good enough.
This is the first time Tom has ever done this.
Tom admitted he didn't do what we asked him to do.
I'm not supposed to do that this late at night.
There's no chance that Tom will win the fight.
Tom admitted he did what he wasn't supposed to do.
I'm not afraid to do that, but some people are.
The only one here who wants to do that is Tom.
Tom, I understand that you've started doing that.
I'd be very disappointed if you didn't do that.
The only one here who needs to do that is Tom.
Tom's teammates are glad he's able to play again.
I went into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
Tell Tom not to do that when we're not around.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he didn't have to.
I was told that we don't have to do that today.
Should we tell Tom he doesn't have to do that?
Tom would've done that if he'd had the chance to.
I was never given the chance to try doing that.
Please tell Tom that he's required to do that.
Tom would never try to do that without some help.
I wanted to go, but I had lots of things to do.
Please tell Tom he has to do that before 2:30.
Tom won't have to do anything he doesn't want to.
I wanted to be the one who bought that for you.
Please tell Tom I need to do that before 2:30.
Tom won't be able to do that unless you help him.
I want you to stay in Boston until next Monday.
Please tell Tom I don't need to do that today.
Tom will very likely have a good time doing that.
I want to make sure you understand what I want.
Maybe Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
Tom will unlikely give you permission to do that.
I want to know why you're not going to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to get to my place.
Tom will probably be finished doing that by 2:30.
I want to know whether you'll be ready by 2:30.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's going to be fired.
Tom will probably be difficult to get along with.
I want to know how long we're going to be here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
Tom will live in Boston for at least three years.
I want to get to Boston as quickly as possible.
Let's do something special for Tom's birthday.
Tom will likely be very hungry when he gets home.
I want to buy that, but I don't have any money.
Just make sure you tell Tom about the meeting.
Tom will likely be gone by the time we get there.
I want to be a police detective when I grow up.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom was very vague about what he was going to do.
I thought you'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom was the only other person who had to do that.
I thought you'd be amused by what was going on.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom was the only other person who didn't do that.
I thought you wouldn't want to do that with me.
It'll probably be possible for Tom to do that.
Tom was the first person to ever ask me for help.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that here.
Is it true that Tom will be taking your place?
Tom was never given the chance to try doing that.
I thought you were told not to do that anymore.
Is it necessary for Tom to do that by himself?
Tom was in Boston visiting his parents last week.
I thought you said you'd still like to do that.
I've heard that Tom doesn't do that very much.
Tom was carrying two suitcases, one in each hand.
I thought you said you were willing to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't like it if you did that.
Tom wanted to leave, but I persuaded him to stay.
I thought you said you were tempted to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom wanted me to give him enough time to do that.
I thought you said someone told you to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
Tom told me yesterday that he'd do that tomorrow.
I thought that I wouldn't need to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom won't be the next one to do that.
Tom told me that he didn't expect that to happen.
I thought that I wouldn't have to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom won't be the last one to do that.
Tom told me that I'm difficult to get along with.
I thought I'd forgotten to close the windows.
I'm sure Tom won't be finished doing that yet.
Tom told me that I need to go to today's meeting.
I thought I'd forgotten to tell you what to do.
I'm sure Tom won't be excused from doing that.
Tom told me that I need to be at today's meeting.
I thought I'd be gone by the time you got here.
I'm sure Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought it would be OK to do that.
I thought I heard some voices in the next room.
I'm sure Tom is going to be cut from the team.
Tom told his friends that he was going to Boston.
I think that what you're suggesting won't work.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be in Boston now.
Tom threw rocks at the wolves to scare them away.
I think it's probably not unethical to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done that yet.
Tom thought you were going to be able to do that.
I think it's probably not expensive to do that.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom thought that the judge's decision was unfair.
I think it's probably not dangerous to do that.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom thought he could do that if he had some help.
I think it might not be interesting to do that.
I'm going to meet Tom at the bus stop at 2:30.
Tom thinks he's too important to do that himself.
I think I'm the person you've been looking for.
I'll make sure that Tom never does that again.
Tom tells me that you're very good at doing that.
I think I'll be able to do that this afternoon.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he wants to do that.
I still don't know what's going to happen next.
I wonder if Tom is talented enough to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he needs to do that.
I shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
I won't likely tell Tom why I want to do that.
Tom still hasn't done what we've asked him to do.
I shouldn't have gone out after dark by myself.
I won't likely tell Tom why I need to do that.
Tom stayed in Boston with the rest of the family.
I should be out of the hospital by next Monday.
I won't likely tell Tom why I have to do that.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in the hospital.
I pretended I didn't know how to open the safe.
I wish you hadn't told Tom I hated doing that.
Tom spent a lot of time watching TV last weekend.
I often get hungry about 2:30 in the afternoon.
I wish that Tom would tell me where he's been.
Tom spent a lot of time in the library on Monday.
I need to stay in Boston for a few more nights.
I wasn't surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom spends most of his free time with his family.
I looked under the table to see what was there.
I wasn't surprised that Tom needed to do that.
Tom shouldn't have waited until today to do that.
I looked around at all the boxes in the garage.
I wasn't convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom should've hired a French-speaking babysitter.
I know I shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
I wasn't convinced that Tom needed to do that.
Tom should've been gone by the time we got there.
I just found out that you're going to be fired.
I was hoping Tom would show me how to do that.
Tom should be able to answer all those questions.
I hope you don't expect me to buy that for you.
I was going to take a nap, but Tom dropped by.
Tom says this will be the last time he does this.
I got back home earlier than I thought I would.
I want to dye my hair the same color as Tom's.
Tom says this will be the last time he does that.
I found the sunglasses that I thought I'd lost.
I told Tom that I didn't have time to do that.
Tom says it doesn't matter to him if you do that.
I don't want to talk about that over the phone.
I told Tom I needed his help, so he helped me.
Tom says he thinks it might be stupid to do that.
I don't want to listen to your whining anymore.
I told Tom I couldn't remember his dog's name.
Tom says he thinks he might be arrested tomorrow.
I don't understand why I'm supposed to do that.
I thought you were supposed to be helping Tom.
Tom says he still remembers the time we did that.
I don't think there's any risk of losing today.
I thought you said you've seen Tom doing that.
Tom says he doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
I don't think it's possible for you to do that.
I thought you said you were glad Tom did that.
Tom says he doesn't intend to ever do that again.
I don't think it would be expensive to do that.
I thought the guy you were talking to was Tom.
Tom sat there all afternoon, feeding the pigeons.
I don't think it would be dangerous to do that.
I thought Tom would be shocked, but he wasn't.
Tom said you didn't want to go to Boston with us.
I don't think I'll be the first one to do that.
I thought Tom would be at home, but he wasn't.
Tom said we weren't permitted to do that anymore.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that again.
I thought Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said we weren't allowed to swim here anymore.
I don't think I need to do that until tomorrow.
I thought Tom was going to ask you to do that.
Tom said this will be the last time he does that.
I don't think I have to do that until tomorrow.
I thought Tom was glad that that had happened.
Tom said the solution to the problem was obvious.
I don't really want to deal with the situation.
I thought Tom was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that wasn't the real reason he did that.
I don't make enough money to support my family.
I thought Tom might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he wasn't living in Boston anymore.
I don't like to hang out with people who smoke.
I thought Tom might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he simply couldn't wait any longer.
I don't know where I'm going to live next year.
I thought Tom didn't know how use a chain saw.
Tom said last night's concert lasted three hours.
I don't have my parents' permission to do that.
I think you could get Tom to buy that for you.
Tom said it wasn't the first time he'd done that.
I don't have any friends who like to play golf.
I think Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
Tom said his company would likely offer me a job.
I don't go to the movies as often as I used to.
I think Tom would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he's really glad he was able to do that.
I don't go to the dentist as often as I should.
I think Tom won't be the first one to do that.
Tom said he's never been to a Chinese restaurant.
I don't do that as well as I should be able to.
I think Tom won't be interested in doing that.
Tom said he's always been pretty good at singing.
I don't allow my children to go out after dark.
I think Tom won't be doing that before Monday.
Tom said he'll do that for you if you ask him to.
I didn't wear a suit to my graduation ceremony.
I think Tom won't be at home tomorrow morning.
Tom said he'd help me do that if I wanted him to.
I didn't want to write about what had happened.
I think Tom will probably know how to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't want to take over the family business.
I think Tom will be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom said he wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
I didn't want to know what was going to happen.
I think Tom will be through doing that by now.
Tom said he wished he'd eaten more for breakfast.
I didn't want to be the one who had to do that.
I think Tom will be surprised if that happens.
Tom said he wished he hadn't spent so much money.
I didn't think you'd be doing that for so long.
I think Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
Tom said he was too short to reach the top shelf.
I didn't think you'd be doing that by yourself.
I think Tom will be amused by what's going on.
Tom said he was hoping we could do that together.
I didn't think doing that would be so much fun.
I think Tom will be able to help us next week.
Tom said he wanted me to show him how to do that.
I didn't think doing that would be a good idea.
I think Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
Tom said he thought you wouldn't want to do that.
I didn't think I'd have enough time to do that.
I think Tom may visit Boston on his next trip.
Tom said he thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to this smell.
I think Tom is the only one who can't do that.
Tom said he thought the economy was in bad shape.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to this noise.
I think I know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that would likely not happen.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to doing that.
I still haven't told Tom why I had to do that.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I didn't think I'd be the first one to do that.
I should probably tell Tom what I need to buy.
Tom said he thought he might not need to do that.
I didn't think I would have to do that anymore.
I should probably tell Tom to stop doing that.
Tom said he thought he might not have to do that.
I didn't tell anyone what I was planning to do.
I should probably tell Tom to quit doing that.
Tom said he needs to do that as soon as possible.
I didn't stick around to see what would happen.
I should probably not tell Tom that I'm tired.
Tom said he knew he might be required to do that.
I didn't start playing the mandolin until 2013.
I should do that the way Tom told me to do it.
Tom said he just wanted to buy something cheaper.
I didn't really like my job. That's why I quit.
I said that I didn't want to do that with Tom.
Tom said he hopes that happens before he retires.
I didn't like coffee the first time I tried it.
I promised Tom that I'd go to Boston with him.
Tom said he expected us do the same thing he did.
I didn't know that you needed to do that today.
I never told Tom I didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to watch TV this evening.
I didn't know that you could understand French.
I know that you and Tom will do that together.
Tom said he didn't think we should be doing that.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he had to do that today.
I didn't know if I'd be able to do that or not.
I knew Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't have anything he needed to do.
I didn't know how to do what needed to be done.
I found some old coins in the box Tom gave me.
Tom said he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know how to do that until last spring.
I forgot to remind Tom that he had to do that.
Tom said he did that, but he didn't really do it.
I didn't have enough time, so I didn't do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be upset.
Tom said he could do that, but he wasn't able to.
I didn't have enough strength to open the door.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be ready.
Tom said he assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
I didn't commit the crime I've been accused of.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be early.
Tom said doing that shouldn't take too much time.
I didn't anticipate that it would be a problem.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be awake.
Tom said I should've asked him to do that for me.
I did that yesterday, so I don't have to today.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be alone.
Tom quit studying French after just three months.
I did that for more than three hours yesterday.
I doubt that Tom will be fired for doing that.
Tom promised himself he wouldn't do that anymore.
I did that a lot better than I thought I would.
I doubt that Tom will be fined for doing that.
Tom probably won't do that again until next year.
I did that a lot better than I thought I could.
I doubt if Tom will be through doing that yet.
Tom probably won't be able to do that on his own.
I can't sing very well and neither can my wife.
I don't think that Tom looks like his brother.
Tom probably doesn't know why you didn't do that.
I can't remember exactly where I parked my car.
I don't think Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know who's going to do that.
I can't play the dulcimer as well as I used to.
I don't think Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know how to get to my place.
I can understand why you don't want to do that.
I don't think Tom would be frightened by that.
Tom probably doesn't know he's going to be fired.
I came here as soon as I heard you needed help.
I don't think Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly how to do that.
How old were you when you first went to Boston?
I don't think Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom probably doesn't have the ability to do that.
How much time do you think you need to do that?
I don't think Tom really knows how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't have enough time to do that.
How much longer to you think I need to do this?
I don't think Tom really has to do that again.
Tom probably did that just to get some attention.
How many times do you laugh in an ordinary day?
I don't think Tom is interested in doing that.
Tom poured two cups of coffee and gave one to me.
How many times did you go swimming last summer?
I don't think Tom is in his office on Mondays.
Tom often puts honey in his tea instead of sugar.
How many more hours do you plan to study today?
I don't think Tom is going to do that anymore.
Tom never returned the money he borrowed from me.
How many months does it really take to do that?
I don't think Tom can stop me from doing that.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a hurry to get home.
How many days will it actually take to do that?
I don't think I really had to do that for Tom.
Tom left here thirty minutes before you got here.
How many days does it actually take to do that?
I don't really expect Tom to come to my party.
Tom knows he shouldn't try doing that by himself.
How many books do you think you read last year?
I don't need to know why Tom wants to do that.
Tom knew that he'd be able to do that eventually.
How long would you recommend we stay in Boston?
I don't know why Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom knew he might not need to do that by himself.
How do you think we should handle this problem?
I don't know why Tom didn't come to the party.
Tom knew he might not have to do that by himself.
How did you know what to do when that happened?
I don't know whether Tom is having fun or not.
Tom isn't yet quite sure what he should be doing.
Even if you don't want to do that, you need to.
I don't know whether Tom is a Canadian or not.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless you help him.
Even if you don't want to do that, you have to.
I don't know whether Tom can sing well or not.
Tom isn't very likely to be fired for doing that.
Don't you think it would be foolish to do that?
I don't know whether Tom can cook well or not.
Tom isn't very likely be arrested for doing that.
Don't forget to remind me to renew my passport.
I don't know where Tom learned how to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who knows what's going on.
Doing that will be a lot easier than you think.
I don't know where Tom has been all afternoon.
Tom isn't likely to be reluctant to do that.
Do you want to take a walk before going to bed?
I don't know what to buy Tom for his birthday.
Tom isn't likely to be motivated to do that.
Do you really think it's impossible to do that?
I don't know if Tom will come tomorrow or not.
Tom isn't likely to be desperate to do that.
Do you really think it's depressing to do that?
I don't know how to deal with people like Tom.
Tom is the same friendly person he's always been.
Do you really think doing that would be stupid?
I don't go to the movies as often as Tom does.
Tom is the only one who seems to know what to do.
Didn't you know you were likely to be arrested?
I didn't wear the shirt Tom wanted me to wear.
Tom is the only one who knows what we need to do.
Didn't you know you could walk there from here?
I didn't want you to tell Tom about the party.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be tired.
Did you read comic books when you were a child?
I didn't want to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
Could you please dig this hole a little deeper?
I didn't want Tom to help me with my homework.
Tom is the only one who doesn't have an umbrella.
Can't you stay in Boston until at least Monday?
I didn't think Tom's idea was a very good one.
Tom is the only one who didn't volunteer to help.
Can I stay in Boston for a couple of more days?
I didn't think Tom would be drunk, but he was.
Tom is still too young to get a driver's license.
As I told you before, I can't help you do that.
I didn't think Tom would be busy this morning.
Tom is staying in a motel not very far from here.
Are you tired of people telling you what to do?
I didn't think Tom really knew how to do that.
Tom is someone I have trouble getting along with.
Are you really thinking about moving to Boston?
I didn't tell Tom why I wanted him to do that.
Tom is probably waiting for you in the lobby now.
All three of Mary's ex-husbands live in Boston.
I didn't tell Tom that I couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom is one of the three guys who need to do that.
About how many minutes will it take to do that?
I didn't tell Tom I'd never done that before.
Tom is one of the three guys who have to do that.
About how many minutes does it take to do that?
I didn't remember to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom is one of the thirty people who were injured.
A majority of the people here can speak French.
I didn't really think Tom did that by himself.
Tom is much smarter than most people think he is.
"How do you get to school?" "By bus and train."
I didn't know whether Tom was swimming or not.
Tom is lucky to still be excused from doing that.
Your parents would never allow you to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would be at your party.
Tom is lucky that so many people have helped him.
You're the only person I've ever really hated.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom is in his third season as the team's manager.
You're the only person I know who can do that.
I didn't know that Tom was interested in jazz.
Tom inherited a grand piano from his grandfather.
You're the only one who's supposed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was going to Australia.
Tom hasn't lost as much weight as he says he has.
You're the only one who's not able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom used to be a policeman.
Tom hasn't been seen in public since he resigned.
You're the only one who knows how to fix that.
I didn't know that Tom expected me to do that.
Tom hasn't been doing that as often as he should.
You're still a resident of Boston, aren't you?
I didn't know Tom was living with your family.
Tom has worked as a bartender since last October.
You're not the only one who's able to do that.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom has told me he has to go to Boston next week.
You're not supposed to be doing that, are you?
I didn't know Tom thought I shouldn't do that.
You're likely the only person who can do that.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that yesterday.
Tom has raised three million dollars for charity.
You're feeling a lot better today, aren't you?
I didn't know Tom didn't have time to do that.
Tom has managed to do everything he needed to do.
You'll likely lose some weight if you do that.
I didn't have to tell Tom, but I'm glad I did.
Tom has borrowed a lot of money from his friends.
You'll go to the hospital tomorrow, won't you?
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom the truth.
Tom has been getting into trouble a lot recently.
You'd probably be able to do that by yourself.
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.
Tom has been doing that for the last three years.
You wouldn't like it if I did that, would you?
I didn't even try to pretend that I liked Tom.
Tom has been doing that for at least three years.
You won't be able to do that without our help.
I didn't believe Tom when he said he loved me.
Tom has an upset stomach because he ate too much.
You were tricked into doing that, weren't you?
I did that as soon as Tom told me I needed to.
Tom has advised me not to start doing that again.
You were the last one to do that, weren't you?
I couldn't find the money that Tom had hidden.
Tom hardly ever goes to places like that anymore.
You were supposed to have done that yesterday.
I can't remember what Tom told me I should do.
Tom got up an hour later than usual this morning.
You were excused from doing that, weren't you?
I can't remember what Tom told me I had to do.
Tom got his first chance to do that this morning.
You thought that we could do that, didn't you?
I can't do that, and Tom can't do that either.
Tom got a little drunk and became very talkative.
You thought I'd refuse to do that, didn't you?
I asked Tom why he did that the way he did it.
Tom expects to be finished doing that in October.
You thought I'd already done that, didn't you?
I always thought Tom would eventually do that.
Tom drinks two or three cups of coffee every day.
You thought I knew how to do that, didn't you?
How many times do you think Tom has done that?
Tom doesn't yet know I'm not very happy about it.
You think I really have to do that, don't you?
How did you talk Tom into buying that for you?
Tom doesn't think you'll be permitted to do that.
You still do that whenever you can, don't you?
How did you know Tom was going to be arrested?
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a good idea.
You should stay in Boston for a few more days.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he's talking about.
You should go to Boston and visit your family.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't seem to be amused by what's going on.
You should be able to do that without my help.
Everyone knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid to do that anymore.
You seemed convinced that I needed to do that.
Does Tom think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Tom doesn't really think we can do that, does he?
You seem to be keeping yourself in good shape.
Does Tom still do that as often as he used to?
Tom doesn't really think he can do that, does he?
You really should've gone to Boston last week.
Does Tom still come to Boston every Christmas?
Tom doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
You overheard what we were saying, didn't you?
Do you want me to get Tom to buy that for you?
Tom doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
You must be able to speak French for this job.
Do you want me to ask Tom to buy that for you?
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
You look like you're too tired to do anything.
Do you think Tom would be hesitant to do that?
Tom doesn't have very much money, but he gets by.
You know that I've never done that, don't you?
Do you think Tom will be permitted to do that?
Tom doesn't have very much experience doing that.
You knew I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
Do you mean you didn't really see Tom do that?
Tom doesn't have those kinds of problems anymore.
You knew I didn't have to do that, didn't you?
Do you know the reason why Tom was doing that?
Tom didn't want to think about what might happen.
You hope you don't need to do that, don't you?
Didn't you know that Tom was living in Boston?
Tom didn't want to do that, but he had no choice.
You haven't had a chance to do that, have you?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to do that?
Tom didn't want me to help him with his homework.
You haven't finished doing that yet, have you?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be here?
Tom didn't seem to know who he needed to talk to.
You haven't done that yet this year, have you?
Didn't you know that Tom spent time in prison?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what was going on.
You haven't done that as many times as I have.
Didn't you know Tom would want you to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what he had to do.
You haven't actually ever done that, have you?
Didn't you know Tom was still studying French?
Tom didn't seem convinced that he had to do that.
You had a dog when you were a kid, didn't you?
Didn't you know Tom was living on Park Street?
Tom didn't like sushi the first time he tried it.
You don't think that I should do that, do you?
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston last winter?
Tom didn't learn how to do that from his parents.
You don't think I've going to do that, do you?
Didn't you know Tom was good at playing chess?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done wasn't legal.
You don't think I should've done that, do you?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't have any brothers?
Tom didn't know that we were supposed to do that.
You don't really think we can do that, do you?
Did you know that Tom would be here this week?
Tom didn't know that he had to do that yesterday.
You don't really feel like doing that, do you?
Did you know that Tom was seeing someone else?
Tom didn't know how long he was supposed to wait.
You don't need you to do that anymore, do you?
Did you know that Tom was planning to do that?
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that today.
You don't need to go there unless you want to.
Did you know that Tom was in Boston last year?
Tom didn't have to do that, but he did it anyway.
You don't need to do that by yourself, do you?
Ask Tom if he knows how to operate a forklift.
Tom didn't do that as well as I thought he would.
You don't know who's going to do that, do you?
A lot of people criticized Tom for doing that.
Tom did that for three hours yesterday afternoon.
You don't know when I need to do that, do you?
"Will you meet Tom tomorrow" "Yes, I plan to."
Tom decided it would be too difficult to do that.
You don't have you to do that anymore, do you?
You've asked Tom not to do that, haven't you?
Tom couldn't read or write until he was thirteen.
You don't have to do that by yourself, do you?
You're the only one who ever really knew Tom.
Tom could be prejudiced, but I don't think he is.
You don't have to do that again today, do you?
You're the one who got Tom drunk, aren't you?
Tom came over for just as I was about to do that.
You don't do that now as often as you used to.
You're not going to let Tom do that, are you?
Tom called me to tell me that he has a flat tire.
You do that every Monday afternoon, don't you?
You're not expecting Tom to do that, are you?
Tom began playing the drums when he was thirteen.
You didn't think I needed to do that, did you?
You'll never let Tom do that again, will you?
Tom assured me that he would never do that again.
You didn't know that I could do that, did you?
You'll do that if Tom asks you to, won't you?
Tom asked me if any of my sisters were unmarried.
You didn't have to do that yesterday, did you?
You'd never permit Tom to do that, would you?
Tom asked if he really had to do that by himself.
You didn't have permission to do that, do you?
You were the one who inspired Tom to do that.
Tom apparently has to study French at his school.
You didn't actually do that yourself, did you?
You warned Tom you might do that, didn't you?
Tom apparently had to study French at his school.
You did that in Boston last month, didn't you?
You told Tom he couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom and his friends are outside, waiting for you.
You agreed that we should do that, didn't you?
You thought Tom ought to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I'll wait for you in front of the school.
When was the last time you were out on a date?
You think Tom isn't going do that, don't you?
Tom and I'll probably never see each other again.
What made you think I was finished doing that?
You think I could get Tom do that, don't you?
Tom and I won't play study together this evening.
We're fortunate that we're allowed to do that.
You should've told Tom why he had to do that.
Tom and I went outside to see what was happening.
We used to go to Boston at least once a month.
You should've given Tom more time to do that.
Tom and I plan to spend Valentine's Day together.
We should leave this area as soon as possible.
You should tell Tom that you have to do that.
Tom and I live across the street from each other.
We should get out of here as soon as possible.
You should tell Tom that he ought to do that.
Tom and I even often wear the same color clothes.
We might stay in Boston for a couple of weeks.
You should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom and I entered the classroom at the same time.
We may need to stay in Boston for a few weeks.
You should let Tom know that you can do that.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what we needed to do.
We may need to live in Boston for a few years.
You should ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom and I both don't remember where we first met.
We may have to stay in Boston for a few weeks.
You seemed to be surprised when Tom did that.
Tom and I are getting ready to do that right now.
We may have to live in Boston for a few years.
You seemed convinced that Tom had to do that.
Tom admitted he didn't do what he promised to do.
We may have to be in Boston for a week or two.
You seem convinced that Tom wants to do that.
Tom's French has improved a lot since last year.
We lived in Chicago before we moved to Boston.
You seem convinced that Tom needs to do that.
Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
We have permission to build thirty new houses.
You saw Tom doing that yesterday, didn't you?
Tom would be disappointed if he saw you do that.
We always get a lot of snow this time of year.
You know why Tom wants to do that, don't you?
Tom wondered how much time he'd have to do that.
We always get a lot of rain this time of year.
You knew that Tom was doing that, didn't you?
Tom won't likely give you permission to do that.
Unfortunately, I was stupid enough to do that.
You knew Tom would be doing that, didn't you?
Tom won't likely be present at Monday's meeting.
This morning's meeting was shorter than usual.
You don't want Tom to do that for me, do you?
Tom won't likely be finished doing that by 2:30.
They say it gets very cold here in the winter.
You don't think Tom wants to do that, do you?
Tom won't likely be difficult to get along with.
There's something I have to talk to you about.
You don't think Tom ought to do that, do you?
Tom won't likely be confused about that anymore.
There's no way I'm going to do that by myself.
You don't think Tom needs to do that, do you?
Tom won't likely be awake at this time of night.
There are a few magazines on the coffee table.
You don't think Tom meant to do that, do you?
Tom won't let his children speak French at home.
The beach is always crowded this time of year.
You don't think Tom is going do that, do you?
Tom will probably to be excused from doing that.
Please check to see if there are any mistakes.
You don't really want Tom to do that, do you?
Tom will probably be through doing that by 2:30.
No one wants to do that, but one of us has to.
You don't really care what Tom wants, do you?
Tom will probably be present at today's meeting.
My truck was slightly damaged in the accident.
You don't like the way Tom does that, do you?
Tom will probably be exhausted after doing that.
My last name was Jackson before I got married.
You don't like it when Tom does that, do you?
Tom wasn't the first one to get up this morning.
My family has a summer house in the mountains.
You don't know why Tom is doing that, do you?
Tom wasn't taller than me when we were thirteen.
Just thinking about doing that makes me tired.
You didn't want to help Tom do that, did you?
Tom wasn't able to think of a good hiding place.
It's important to do that every day, isn't it?
You didn't want to do that with Tom, did you?
Tom was the only other person who could do that.
It'll take you at least three days to do that.
You did that the way Tom told you to, I hope.
Tom was the one who showed me how to copy files.
It'll take me at least three hours to do that.
You did that just to impress Tom, didn't you?
Tom was the manager of our team three years ago.
It'll take a lot of time to finish doing that.
You asked Tom why he'd done that, didn't you?
Tom was the last person who lived in this house.
It'll probably be possible for you to do that.
You asked Tom to stop doing that, didn't you?
Tom was in his mid thirties when he got married.
It wouldn't be any trouble to do that for you.
You asked Tom to do that quietly, didn't you?
Tom was happy that someone wanted his old piano.
It would be very unfortunate if that happened.
You asked Tom to do that for you, didn't you?
Tom wants to know what we expect to happen next.
It would be unethical for me to tell you that.
You and Tom will do that together, won't you?
Tom walked across the room to open the curtains.
It would be ridiculous to do that by yourself.
You and I are the only people Tom knows here.
Tom told us that it wasn't necessary to do that.
It would be impossible to do that by yourself.
You already know why Tom did that, don't you?
Tom told me why he wanted me to do that for him.
It would be great if you could do that for me.
You agreed to ask Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom told me there was no need for me to do that.
It would be depressing to do that by yourself.
Would you be good enough to buy that for Tom?
Tom told me that he's unenthusiastic about that.
It won't be easy to do that without some help.
Would it be OK if Tom did that instead of me?
Tom told me that he's troubled by what happened.
It looked like you were just about to do that.
Would Tom still be willing to do that for us?
Tom told me that he's grateful for all our help.
Is it OK if I stay in Boston for another week?
Who told you Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
Tom told me that he'll be in Boston next Monday.
If you try, I think you'll be able to do that.
Who told you Tom wasn't going to be arrested?
Tom thought he might need to do that by himself.
If you don't do that, it'll cause me problems.
When was it that you went to Boston with Tom?
Tom thought he might have to do that by himself.
If you aren't busy, perhaps you could help me.
When did you find out Tom had been in prison?
Tom thinks that doing that would be a good idea.
I've lived in Boston for the past three years.
When did you decide to permit Tom to do that?
Tom surrendered himself to the police on Monday.
I've decided to stay here for a few more days.
Was it you who told Tom he shouldn't do that?
Tom studied French for three hours this morning.
I've decided not to live in Boston any longer.
Was it you who told Tom he needed to do that?
Tom still has a lot to do before he can go home.
I've been told we're not allowed to park here.
Three of Tom's friends are already in prison.
Tom still doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
I'm the only person here who can speak French.
There's no way Tom did that without any help.
Tom started to go insane after his parents died.
I'm the only one who knows what we have to do.
There's no way I'm going to do that with Tom.
Tom started screaming, so the children ran away.
I'm sure I won't be allowed to do that either.
There's no chance that Tom will ever do that.
Tom sleeps as if she had never done that before.
I'm sure I won't be able to do that by myself.
The reason Tom went to Boston was to do that.
Tom shouldn't have done that without permission.
I'm supposed to do that at least once a month.
The only one here that's able to do that is Tom.
Tom should've been very hungry when he got home.
I'm pretty sure banks will be closed tomorrow.
That was the first time I helped Tom do that.
Tom should've been amused by what was happening.
I'm pretty happy with the progress we've made.
Please tell Tom that he needs to work harder.
Tom should be able to do that without your help.
I'm not the only one who knows how to do that.
Please tell Tom that I don't need to do that.
Tom seems to have trouble controlling his anger.
I'm not the only one who didn't pass the test.
Please find out when Tom wants us to do that.
Tom seemed to have a hard time making ends meet.
I'm glad I stayed in Boston for a week longer.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he did was wrong.
Tom seemed satisfied with the answer I gave him.
I'm a lot smarter than most people think I am.
It was yesterday that Tom started to do that.
Tom says you don't want to go to Boston with us.
I'll try not to take up too much of your time.
It takes a lot of courage to do what Tom did.
Tom says he thought he could do that by himself.
I'd rather not visit Boston during the winter.
It sounds like Tom might not want to do that.
Tom says he never feels like doing that anymore.
I'd rather do that now while it's still light.
It sounds like Tom might not need to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he could ever do that.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Boston.
It sounds like Tom might not have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really feel like doing that.
I'd like to do that with you today, but can't.
It looks like Tom isn't very good at dancing.
Tom says he doesn't have the courage to do that.
I'd go camping with you if my leg didn't hurt.
Is it true that Tom was the one who did that?
Tom says he doesn't care whether we stay or not.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me do that.
Is Tom the only one who knows how to do that?
Tom says he doesn't believe you really did that.
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom do that.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that right now.
I wouldn't want to do anything that's illegal.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom said we shouldn't leave until after sunrise.
I wouldn't have done that if I didn't have to.
I'm sure Tom will be organized. He always is.
Tom said three million dollars had been donated.
I wonder if it's against the rules to do that.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that again.
Tom said that was the first time he'd done that.
I wish you would do that early in the morning.
I wonder if Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that just doing that isn't good enough.
I wish we'd stayed in Boston for another week.
I wish that I could spend more time with Tom.
Tom said that he wasn't studying French anymore.
I wish that I could spend more time in Boston.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I'd done.
Tom said that he thought Boston was a safe city.
I wish I'd remembered to buy flowers for Mary.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to stop doing that.
Tom said that he had a lot of fun at your party.
I wish I were better at playing the saxophone.
I went to the same kindergarten that Tom did.
Tom said it wasn't the first time that happened.
I wish I were able to visit Boston more often.
I wasn't the one who told Tom not to do that.
Tom said it was more difficult than he expected.
I wish I could stay in Boston a little longer.
I wasn't the one who told Tom how to do that.
Tom said it felt good to get outside in the sun.
I wasn't surprised that you needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom said he's ready to do whatever is necessary.
I was surprised that I didn't need to do that.
I was in love with Tom when I was a teenager.
Tom said he's looking forward to his retirement.
I was surprised that I didn't have to do that.
I was impressed by the how well Tom did that.
Tom said he's been waiting for over three hours.
I wanted to stay home yesterday, but I didn't.
I wanted to do that, but Tom wouldn't let me.
Tom said he's been asked not to do that anymore.
I wanted to go to Boston and live with my dad.
I want to spend the rest of my life with Tom.
Tom said he's always been pretty good at sports.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I couldn't.
I want to know where Tom went to high school.
Tom said he'd help me figure out how to do that.
I want to sell everything that's in my garage.
I want to finish eating before Tom gets here.
Tom said he'd do that for you if you asked him to.
I want to move out and find a place of my own.
I understand why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he'd do that for me if I wanted him to.
I want to make sure that doesn't happen to me.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that again.
Tom said he'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
I want to know if you have a driver's license.
I told Tom that I wanted to meet his parents.
Tom said he'd be able to do that this afternoon.
I want to get a tattoo of a dragon on my back.
I told Tom that I don't have time to do that.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
I want to ask you some questions about French.
I told Tom that I didn't remember doing that.
Tom said he wished he could speak French better.
I tried to stay awake, but I soon fell asleep.
I told Tom that I didn't need to do anything.
Tom said he wasn't permitted to do that anymore.
I thought you'd be through doing that by 2:30.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he was too old to go mountain climbing.
I thought you'd be outside on a day like this.
I told Tom that I didn't have to do anything.
Tom said he was the only one who had to do that.
I thought you were going to do that yesterday.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything to do.
Tom said he wanted to be an electrical engineer.
I thought you said you've seen people do that.
I told Tom I thought he was wasting his time.
Tom said he thought he would be able to do that.
I thought you said you've only done that once.
I thought Tom would be doing that by himself.
Tom said he thought he knew what had to be done.
I thought you said you were glad you did that.
I thought Tom would be awake when I got home.
Tom said he thought he could do that by himself.
I thought you said you were afraid to do that.
I thought Tom was present at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
I thought you didn't know how to speak French.
I thought Tom was going to ask us to do that.
Tom said he probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
I think you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I thought Tom was going to ask me to do that.
Tom said he might go to Boston in a week or two.
I think that what you've suggested won't work.
I think Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he may stay in Boston for a few months.
I think it's probably not possible to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that the hard way.
I think I didn't make a good first impression.
I think Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
Tom said he knew he might be allowed to do that.
I think I can do both things at the same time.
I think Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that today.
I still have a lot to do before I can go home.
I think Tom would be excused from doing that.
Tom said he hoped he could learn how to do that.
I stayed in Boston for three months last year.
I think Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
Tom said he doesn't have the power to stop that.
I shouldn't have done that without permission.
I think Tom won't be the next one to do that.
Tom said he doesn't have enough time to do that.
I should've stayed in Boston for another week.
I think Tom won't be the last one to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to study French anymore.
I should've handled the situation differently.
I think Tom won't be doing that anytime soon.
Tom said he didn't want to sing with us anymore.
I should be doing the same thing you're doing.
I think Tom will have a hard time doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to help weed the garden.
I should be able to help you tomorrow morning.
I think Tom will be the first one to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston with me.
I should be able to do that without your help.
I think Tom will be interested in doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to force you to do that.
I should be able to change the tire by myself.
I think Tom is the only Canadian on our team.
Tom said he didn't think that actually happened.
I regret that I can't help you in this matter.
I think Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
Tom said he didn't think he should say anything.
I realize I don't have enough time to do that.
I think Tom is coming to Boston next weekend.
Tom said he didn't believe that really happened.
I pretended I didn't know anything about that.
I think Tom could've been tempted to do that.
Tom said doing that was easier than he expected.
I made the mistake of trying to do that alone.
I think Tom could be just the person we need.
Tom said I wasn't good enough to be on the team.
I looked around to see if anyone was watching.
I think I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom said I don't have to do that this afternoon.
I looked around the room to see who was there.
I still haven't told Tom why I won't do that.
Tom really would've enjoyed doing that with you.
I know this won't be the last time we do this.
I should've known better than to believe Tom.
Tom really needs to do that as soon as possible.
I hope you don't get suspended for doing that.
I should've done that the way Tom told me to.
Tom promised that that would never happen again.
I hope you don't expect me to do that for you.
I should wait until Tom gets here to do that.
Tom promised that he wouldn't lie to me anymore.
I hope you can understand why I won't do that.
I should tell Tom that I want him to do that.
Tom promised me that that'll never happen again.
I have to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I should tell Tom I want to find another job.
Tom probably should do that as soon as possible.
I have a candle, but I don't have any matches.
I should probably tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom probably doesn't know what he did was wrong.
I had to do that even though I didn't want to.
I should probably tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that I'm not Canadian.
I had some free time yesterday, so I did that.
I should probably tell Tom what I need to do.
Tom probably doesn't know that I don't like him.
I guess I'm never going to be able to do that.
I should probably tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom probably doesn't know how he should do that.
I got back home sooner than I thought I would.
I should probably tell Tom to do that for me.
Tom probably doesn't know exactly what happened.
I gained a lot of weight when I was in Boston.
I should probably tell Tom I want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about Boston.
I don't want to take over the family business.
I should probably tell Tom I need to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about Australia.
I don't want to do this, but I have no choice.
I should probably tell Tom I have to do that.
Tom probably doesn't have time to do that today.
I don't want to be the one who has to do that.
I never thought Tom would be able to do that.
Tom plans to start doing that as soon as he can.
I don't want anyone in my room while I'm away.
I need to make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a hurry to do that.
I don't think you'll have much fun doing that.
I might speak French with Tom when I see him.
Tom knows a lot about wild animals in this area.
I don't think it's ethical for you to do that.
I looked around the room, but didn't see Tom.
Tom isn't very likely to go to camp this summer.
I don't think it would be possible to do that.
I like the same kind of stuff that Tom likes.
Tom isn't very likely to be there for very long.
I don't think I'm going to be able to do that.
I knew Tom would likely not agree to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be hungry when he gets here.
I don't think I'll be the next one to do that.
I knew Tom would be arrested sooner or later.
Tom isn't likely to be sensible about that.
I don't think I'll be the last one to do that.
I knew Tom might not want to do that anymore.
Tom isn't likely to be hesitant to do that.
I don't think I'll be awake when you get home.
I hope that Tom will teach me how to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very happy if you do that.
I don't think I'd have the courage to do that.
I hope Tom isn't irritated by all this noise.
Tom is trying to figure out what we ought to do.
I don't think I'd ever want to live in Boston.
I hope Tom isn't difficult to get along with.
Tom is trying to figure out what he needs to do.
I don't think I'd be interested in doing that.
I hope Tom helps me with my homework tonight.
Tom is trying to earn as much money as possible.
I don't think I have the willpower to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't go to Boston next weekend.
Tom is too diplomatic to do something like that.
I don't think I could do that even if I tried.
I haven't yet told Tom why I need to do that.
Tom is the only person I would trust to do that.
I don't really have time to do that right now.
I finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom is the only person I know who can't do that.
I don't need to go to Boston until next month.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will do that.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be busy.
I don't like the way my mother braids my hair.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be home.
Tom is the only one who didn't come here by car.
I don't like riding my motorcycle in the rain.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be here.
Tom is the kind of person who likes a challenge.
I don't let people I don't know into my house.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be cold.
Tom is staying in a motel not too far from here.
I don't know why I wasn't supposed to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be up this late at night.
Tom is probably not going to do that by himself.
I don't know who's going to be at the meeting.
I doubt if Tom will be in Boston this summer.
Tom is probably not going to be able to do that.
I don't know whether I have to do that or not.
I doubt if Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is one person I never want to talk to again.
I don't know if I have enough time to do that.
I don't want you to tell Tom about the party.
Tom is one of the three guys who had to do that.
I don't know how to eat sushi with chopsticks.
I don't want to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom is much richer than most people think he is.
I don't know how much time we have to do that.
I don't want Tom to help me with my homework.
Tom is likely to still be determined to do that.
I don't know how much money I'm going to need.
I don't understand why Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom is likely to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't know anyone who might want to do that.
I don't think Tom would permit me to do that.
Tom is likely to be difficult to get along with.
I don't have to go to Boston until next month.
I don't think Tom would care if you did that.
Tom is going to be very sorry he didn't do that.
I don't have time to go jogging every morning.
I don't think Tom would be afraid to do that.
Tom is fortunate that he's permitted to do that.
I don't have time right now to talk to anyone.
I don't think Tom will be tempted to do that.
Tom is certainly supposed to be able to do that.
I don't have enough time to do that right now.
I don't think Tom will be nervous doing that.
Tom is by far the smartest student in our class.
I don't have enough money to pay all my bills.
I don't think Tom will be doing that with me.
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to do that again.
I don't enjoy doing that as much as I used to.
I don't think Tom will be doing that anymore.
Tom hasn't come to French class for three weeks.
I don't earn enough money to support a family.
I don't think Tom will be careless this time.
Tom has two daughters. Both of them are married.
I don't care what you're going to do tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will be at today's meeting.
Tom has to start doing that as soon as possible.
I don't care what kind of music you listen to.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that.
Tom has the same kind of computer that you have.
I didn't want to talk about what had happened.
I don't think Tom really did that by himself.
Tom has the courage to do that, I'm pretty sure.
I didn't want to spend as much money as I did.
I don't think Tom is finished doing that yet.
Tom has studied French for at least three years.
I didn't want to do this, but I had no choice.
I don't think Tom is able to do that anymore.
Tom has promised that he'll never be late again.
I didn't think that anyone would recognize me.
I don't think Tom has the stamina to do that.
Tom has known how to do that since he was three.
I didn't think I'd get bored, but I was wrong.
I don't think Tom has the courage to do that.
Tom has decided to leave early tomorrow morning.
I didn't think I'd be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom has decided he's the one who should do that.
I didn't tell the police officer my real name.
I don't think Tom has enough time to do that.
Tom has been told that he's required to do that.
I didn't tell anyone why I had gone to Boston.
I don't think Tom ever gets anywhere on time.
Tom has been speaking French since he was a kid.
I didn't speak French well enough for the job.
I don't think Tom ever considered doing that.
Tom has been a basketball coach for a long time.
I didn't really feel like eating Chinese food.
I don't really think Tom did that by himself.
Tom has an ex-wife and three children in Boston.
I didn't realize I had my shirt on inside out.
I don't need to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom has already told me I don't need to do that.
I didn't learn how to do that from my parents.
I don't like broccoli and Tom doesn't either.
Tom has already told me I don't have to do that.
I didn't know you weren't supposed to do that.
I don't know why Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom has already asked the police for protection.
I didn't know you used to be a French teacher.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like my friends.
Tom got up much earlier than usual this morning.
I didn't know whether I had to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom will do that or not.
Tom finally managed to buy everything he needed.
I didn't know where the fire extinguisher was.
I don't know where Tom usually goes swimming.
Tom explained why it was a good idea to do that.
I didn't know that you were going to be there.
I don't know where Tom usually goes shopping.
Tom even tried to learn how to play the bassoon.
I didn't know that you expected me to do that.
I don't know what Tom wants to eat for lunch.
Tom doesn't want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't know that you didn't want to do that.
I don't know what I did to make Tom so angry.
Tom doesn't think they're capable of doing that.
I didn't know that what I'd done wasn't legal.
I don't know how well Tom can play the drums.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit you to do that.
I didn't know that what I was doing was wrong.
I don't have to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit him to do that.
I didn't know that I was doing anything wrong.
I don't believe a word of what Tom just said.
Tom doesn't think that doing that is a bad idea.
I didn't know that I had to do that yesterday.
I didn't want to tell Tom how much I weighed.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
I didn't know that I had to do that by myself.
I didn't think the jokes Tom told were funny.
Tom doesn't think he'll be permitted to do that.
I didn't know how to respond to that question.
I didn't think Tom would do that, but he did.
Tom doesn't think he wants to do that right now.
I didn't know how long the meeting would last.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to do that.
Tom doesn't think I have enough time to do that.
I didn't know how long I was supposed to wait.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that today.
Tom doesn't really think I can do that, does he?
I didn't know exactly what was expected of me.
I didn't think Tom would allow us to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until I tell him to.
I didn't know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto.
I didn't think Tom would allow me to do that.
Tom doesn't mind taking care of his grandmother.
I didn't know I would be permitted to do that.
I didn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to park there.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know how to explain how he did that.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that today.
I didn't think Tom looked nervous doing that.
Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
I didn't have to take off my shoes, but I did.
I didn't tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
I didn't have to do that, but I did it anyway.
I didn't tell Tom that I was going to Boston.
Tom does just about everything we ask him to do.
I didn't have much time to finish my homework.
I didn't tell Tom that I intended to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know about what had happened.
I didn't have enough time to do anything else.
I didn't tell Tom I wouldn't be at his party.
Tom didn't like beer the first time he tried it.
I didn't have a bicycle when I was growing up.
I didn't like it when Tom used my toothbrush.
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that.
I didn't give the police officer my real name.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't know when he was supposed to do that.
I didn't get a chance to visit the art museum.
I didn't know whether Tom was thirsty or not.
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was illegal.
I didn't feel well, but I went to work anyway.
I didn't know whether Tom could drive or not.
Tom didn't know that he was supposed to do that.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I would.
I didn't know whether Tom could do it or not.
Tom didn't know that he needed to do that today.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I could.
I didn't know the song Tom wanted me to sing.
Tom didn't know that I was the one who did that.
I couldn't remember where I had parked my car.
I didn't know that you were Tom's girlfriend.
Tom didn't know how long the meeting would last.
I couldn't have done that by without you help.
I didn't know that Tom would be here all day.
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do that today.
I could teach you French, but I don't want to.
I didn't know that Tom would be at the party.
Tom didn't do that as well as I expected him to.
I can't remember the combination for the safe.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to leave.
Tom didn't do a very good job cleaning his room.
I can't read what's written on the blackboard.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be there.
Tom didn't become famous until late in his life.
I can't figure out how to get the window open.
I didn't know that Tom had already done that.
Tom did a lot better today than he usually does.
I can't do that very well, so I'm embarrassed.
I didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.
Tom delivered newspapers when he was a teenager.
I can stay with you as long as you want me to.
I didn't know how much more money Tom wanted.
Tom decided to drive home in spite of the storm.
I can stay with you as long as you need me to.
I didn't know how long I should wait for Tom.
Tom couldn't remember where he put his passport.
I bought some postcards to send to my friends.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom could've been scared, but he didn't show it.
I almost always do that right after breakfast.
I didn't know Tom was your significant other.
Tom claims he was beaten while he was in prison.
How many weeks does it really take to do that?
I didn't know Tom had never done that before.
Tom changes his passwords at least once a month.
How many times did you go surfing last summer?
I didn't know Tom had a house on Park Street.
Tom bought this pen at a store near the station.
How many hours does it really take to do that?
I didn't know I no longer needed to help Tom.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that he could do that.
How long do you think I should stay in Boston?
I didn't go to the lake with Tom last summer.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that anymore.
How did you know what to do in that situation?
I didn't feel I should do what Tom was doing.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Even if you don't want to do that, you should.
I didn't expect such a nice present from Tom.
Tom asked me to give him enough time to do that.
Don't you think it would be unsafe to do that?
I can still remember the day I first met Tom.
Tom and his neighbors don't get along very well.
Don't you think it would be tiring to do that?
I advise you to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom and I went out for dinner yesterday evening.
Don't you think it would be stupid to do that?
How many minutes will it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I together drank three pitchers of beer.
Does you think it's safe to cross this bridge?
How do you know Tom was the one who did that?
Tom and I still play darts every Monday evening.
Do you think it would be dangerous to do that?
How did you know Tom would refuse to do that?
Tom and I need to get up early tomorrow morning.
Do you really think it's unethical to do that?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom and I moved into our new house last weekend.
Do you really think it's enjoyable to do that?
How are we going to keep Tom from doing that?
Tom and I like to sit on the porch after dinner.
Do you really think it's dangerous to do that?
Do you want me to get Tom to do that for you?
Tom and I got married in Boston three years ago.
Do you really think doing that would be wrong?
Do you think Tom would likely do that for us?
Tom and I gave each other presents on Christmas.
Do you really think doing that would be smart?
Do you think Tom would be obliged to do that?
Tom and I couldn't agree on where we should eat.
Do you really think doing that would be silly?
Do you think Tom would be nervous doing that?
Tom and I couldn't agree on what should be done.
Do you really think doing that would be risky?
Do you still see Tom as often as you used to?
Tom and I are still waiting for you to get here.
Do you have a pair of scissors I could borrow?
Do you know the reason why Tom is doing that?
Tom always seems to have a lot of math homework.
Do you get along well with your mother-in-law?
Do you have any idea what Tom is going to do?
Tom admitted he did what we asked him not to do.
Didn't you know that I used to live in Boston?
Didn't you suspect that Tom was lying to you?
Tom admitted he did what he said he wouldn't do.
Did your whole family come to Boston with you?
Didn't you know that Tom is a French teacher?
Tom admits he's been doing that for a long time.
Can you tell me exactly what needs to be done?
Didn't you know Tom wasn't going to be there?
Tom's house is on the other side of the street.
As I told you before, I don't want to do that.
Didn't you know Tom used to enjoy doing that?
Tom's brother didn't make it out alive, either.
Aren't you the one who volunteered to do that?
Didn't you know Tom owns more than one house?
Tom wouldn't have let his own children do that.
Are you really thinking about getting married?
Didn't you know Tom had spent time in prison?
Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
Are we supposed to stop at a railway crossing?
Didn't you know Tom doesn't have any sisters?
Tom would probably be able to buy that for you.
Am I the only one who doesn't want to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and I used to be married?
Tom would be very disappointed if you did that.
Am I the only one who doesn't need to do that?
Did you know that Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom wondered who in the room understood French.
Am I the only one who doesn't have to do that?
Did you know that Tom almost never does that?
Tom won't likely be outside on a day like this.
About how many hours do you do that every day?
Did you know Tom was going to propose to you?
Tom won't likely be impressed with this report.
A wise person wouldn't do something like that.
Did you know Tom used to be a French teacher?
Tom won't likely be as careful as he should be.
"How do you go to school?" "By bus and train."
Apparently, Tom was on television last night.
Tom won't be able to do that without your help.
You've already tried doing that, haven't you?
All three of Tom's brothers can speak French.
Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
You're the only one who knows how to do that.
About how many times a week does Tom do that?
Tom will unlikely have to do that anytime soon.
You're the only one who didn't pass the test.
A judge had ordered Tom to leave the country.
Tom will probably get punished if he does that.
You're a lot smarter now than you used to be.
"Whose car is that over there?" "It's Tom's."
Tom will probably get arrested if he does that.
You're a graduate of the same school as I am.
"Who's that gentleman?" "That's Tom Jackson."
Tom will probably be unenthusiastic about that.
You'll do that as soon as you can, won't you?
You're the one who convinced Tom to do that.
Tom will probably be through doing that by now.
You'd like you to do that, too, wouldn't you?
You're not suggesting Tom did that, are you?
Tom will probably be starved when he gets home.
You wouldn't care if you did that, would you?
You'll do that with Tom tomorrow, won't you?
Tom will probably be impressed by what you did.
You won't be able to see anything from there.
You'll ask Tom to do that for us, won't you?
Tom will probably be amused by what's going on.
You won't be able to do that without my help.
You'd never allow Tom to do that, would you?
Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
You were embarrassed to do that, weren't you?
You were quicker at doing that than Tom was.
Tom will likely be finished doing that by 2:30.
You used to do that every Monday, didn't you?
You tried to get Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be difficult to get along with.
You used to do that all the time, didn't you?
You tricked Tom into doing that, didn't you?
Tom will be intoxicated by the time you arrive.
You used to be a history teacher, didn't you?
You told Tom that you'd do that, didn't you?
Tom will be here for at least three more years.
You think I really had to do that, don't you?
You told Tom I wouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom wasn't convinced that he needed to do that.
You think I need to do that today, don't you?
You told Tom I hated doing that, didn't you?
Tom wasn't able to do that until he was thirty.
You think I have to do that today, don't you?
You think that Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom was the first person to tell me about that.
You think I don't need to do that, don't you?
You stopped Tom from doing that, didn't you?
Tom was the first one in our family to do that.
You think I don't have to do that, don't you?
You shouldn't have permitted Tom to do that.
Tom was reading a book all yesterday afternoon.
You think I can do that by myself, don't you?
You should've asked Tom before you did that.
Tom was one of the many people who got injured.
You still want to do that someday, don't you?
You should tell Tom you won't do that again.
Tom usually reads when he's waiting for people.
You still do that once in a while, don't you?
You should tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom used to do that when he was in high school.
You stayed in Boston for a while, didn't you?
You should probably tell Tom you'll do that.
Tom told me that he's interested in doing that.
You shouldn't have been permitted to do that.
You should probably show Tom how to do that.
Tom told me that he'd be in Boston next Monday.
You should've waited until Monday to do that.
You should probably not tell Tom to do that.
Tom told me that he has decided not to do that.
You should've done that before you went home.
You should let Tom know that you'll do that.
Tom told me that I wouldn't be able to do that.
You should try to resist the urge to do that.
You seem to be trying to get Tom to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
You should stay here with us for a few weeks.
You seem to be reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom thought that doing that would be a mistake.
You should be able to do that in three hours.
You refused to help Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom thought he'd be able to do that by himself.
You promised us you wouldn't do that anymore.
You may be able to talk Tom into doing that.
Tom thought he would be able to do that for me.
You promised that you wouldn't do that again.
You know that Tom should do that, don't you?
Tom thinks that doing that would be a bad idea.
You never thought I'd do that again, did you?
You know that Tom has to do that, don't you?
Tom surprised all of us when he went to Boston.
You never really enjoyed doing that, did you?
You know that Tom didn't do that, don't you?
Tom still isn't very good at playing the flute.
You never got the chance to do that, did you?
You know it was Tom who did that, don't you?
Tom still hasn't told me why he has to do that.
You never expected to do that again, did you?
You haven't told Tom who did that, have you?
Tom still hasn't told me why he had to do that.
You need to know the reasons why we did that.
You don't really think Tom did that, do you?
Tom still hasn't done what you asked him to do.
You know I didn't want to do that, don't you?
You don't like the way Tom did that, do you?
Tom still doesn't know why he needs to do that.
You knew that I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Tom would do that, did you?
Tom stayed with us for three weeks last summer.
You hope I'm not going to do that, don't you?
You didn't think Tom could do that, did you?
Tom started crying when his father spanked him.
You don't want us to do that anymore, do you?
You didn't tell Tom how to do that, did you?
Tom shouldn't do that kind of thing by himself.
You don't think I'm going to do that, do you?
You didn't know Tom had to do that, did you?
Tom should've stayed in Boston a few more days.
You don't really want to do that now, do you?
You did that without Tom's help, didn't you?
Tom should've done that when he had the chance.
You don't really think I can do that, do you?
You could make Tom do that if you wanted to.
Tom should've been finished doing that by 2:30.
You don't really have to do that now, do you?
You believe that Tom can do that, don't you?
Tom should've been amused by what was going on.
You don't need to do that right away, do you?
You asked me to do that for Tom, didn't you?
Tom should've been able to do that much better.
You don't know why I need to do that, do you?
You asked if Tom had to do that, didn't you?
Tom should be glad that that's going to happen.
You don't know why I have to do that, do you?
Why did you think Tom would like to do that?
Tom should be able to do that without any help.
You don't have to do that unless you want to.
Who told you Tom couldn't understand French?
Tom should be able to do that for you, I think.
You don't have to be tall to play basketball.
When did you find out Tom had been arrested?
Tom seems to have started enjoying his classes.
You don't have time to do that today, do you?
What do you think of the stew that Tom made?
Tom seems to have a hard time making ends meet.
You don't feel like doing that today, do you?
What did you tell Tom he was supposed to do?
Tom seems to be the one most likely to do that.
You don't ever want to do that again, do you?
What did you tell Tom he was expected to do?
Tom seemed to be aware of what he needed to do.
You do that at least once a month, don't you?
What Tom said happened didn't really happen.
Tom seemed convinced that he needed to do that.
You didn't think you should do that, did you?
We may go to Boston next month to visit Tom.
Tom says that someday he'll be able to do that.
You didn't think you had to do that, did you?
Was it you who told Tom he ought to do that?
Tom says that he's willing to do that for free.
You didn't realize I had to do that, did you?
Was it you who told Tom he needs to do that?
Tom says it's time we did something about that.
You didn't know anything about this, did you?
Was it you who told Tom about what happened?
Tom says he's always been interested in sports.
You didn't know I shouldn't do that, did you?
There's little chance that Tom will do that.
Tom says he thinks it might be easy to do that.
You didn't know I needed to do that, did you?
There's apparently no cure for what Tom has.
Tom says he isn't planning to do that tomorrow.
You didn't have any help doing that, did you?
There wasn't enough evidence to convict Tom.
Tom says he has something to do this afternoon.
You didn't have a chance to do that, did you?
The only one here who's able do that is Tom.
Tom says he doesn't think that'll happen today.
You didn't actually need to do that, did you?
The only one here who has to do that is Tom.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that today.
You didn't actually have to do that, did you?
The cut on Tom's leg appears to have healed.
Tom says he doesn't really know how to do that.
You did apologize for doing that, didn't you?
Someone tried to steal Tom's car last night.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that right away.
You could stay with us in Boston if you want.
So far, Tom is the only one who's done that.
Tom says he doesn't know what made him do that.
You could do that right now if you wanted to.
Please tell me whether Tom does that or not.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that right away.
You could be doing that now if you wanted to.
Please tell Tom to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that by himself.
You can still do that pretty well, can't you?
Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that today.
You can do that better than anyone else here.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that today.
You always do that in the evening, don't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
Tom says he doesn't ever want to do that again.
Would you still be willing to do that for us?
Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
Tom say you don't want to go to Boston with us.
Would you go to Boston if you had the chance?
It's clear that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said your snoring didn't bother him at all.
Who told you that you didn't need to do that?
It's clear that Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom said you just have to wait a little longer.
Who told you that you didn't have to do that?
It's clear that Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom said we weren't allowed to do that anymore.
Who do you like to spend your free time with?
It sounds like Tom might be able to do that.
Tom said we needed to be a little more careful.
Who cooks better, your mother or your father?
It looks like Tom is about the start crying.
Tom said there might be one piece of cake left.
When you need help, who do you usually go to?
Isn't there a chance that Tom is doing that?
Tom said that's not likely to happen this week.
When you have some free time, please do that.
I've never actually gone on a date with Tom.
Tom said that won't likely happen anytime soon.
When the weather's nice, I do that every day.
I'm the only one who really understands Tom.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen anymore.
What you're planning to do is very dangerous.
I'm the only one who ever really helped Tom.
Tom said that he'd be glad to buy that for you.
What were you doing at 2:30 in the afternoon?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to the manager.
What do you think the best way to do that is?
I'm sure Tom won't be up this late at night.
Tom said that he really did do that by himself.
What do you think is the best way to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said that he needed to talk to the manager.
What color do you plan to paint your kitchen?
I'm sure Tom will be ready to leave by 2:30.
Tom said it's not the first time that happened.
We've all taught French here for a few years.
I'm sure Tom isn't the first one to do that.
Tom said it wouldn't take much time to do that.
We've all lived in Boston since we were born.
I'm pretty sure Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom said his house wasn't damaged by the storm.
We're fortunate that we're permitted do that.
I'm going to ask Tom to never do that again.
Tom said he's only done that about three times.
We're fortunate that we were able to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom hasn't done that yet.
Tom said he's looking forward to being retired.
We might be in Boston the day after tomorrow.
I'll have to stay here and help Tom do that.
Tom said he's glad that that's going to happen.
We hope that you'll be in Boston next spring.
I wonder why Tom thought you had to do that.
Tom said he's always been interested in sports.
We have until October to finish this project.
I wonder why Tom refused to help us do that.
Tom said he'll do that for us if we ask him to.
We don't go to Boston as often as we used to.
I wonder where Tom found these blackberries.
Tom said he wished he hadn't bet on that horse.
Three pieces of cheese remained on the plate.
I wonder if Tom will be in Boston next year.
Tom said he was present at yesterday's meeting.
This morning's meeting was longer than usual.
I wonder if Tom is strong enough to do that.
Tom said he was going to lie down for a moment.
They say that no two snowflakes are the same.
I won't be able to stop Tom from doing that.
Tom said he wanted to do everything by himself.
There's no way I could've refused to do that.
I wish I hadn't borrowed this book from Tom.
Tom said he thought that would happen tomorrow.
There's just no way that I can do that today.
I wish I could play the tuba as well as Tom.
Tom said he thought I should get more exercise.
There's a fireplace, but there's no firewood.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was sleepy.
There are still a lot of things I want to do.
I was told that Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was lonely.
There are still a lot of things I need to do.
I want to know when Tom is going to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that last summer.
There are still a lot of things I have to do.
I want to be gone by the time Tom gets here.
Tom said he had something to do this afternoon.
There are at least three Toms at this school.
I told Tom that I'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he expects to be doing that on Monday.
The weather was good, so we ate on the porch.
I told Tom that I thought you could do that.
Tom said he expected the job to be challenging.
The road up ahead is blocked by fallen rocks.
I told Tom I wanted to go mountain climbing.
Tom said he doesn't want to ever do that again.
The police said there were no major injuries.
I told Tom I thought he was wasting my time.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that on his own.
The old man sitting on the wall looked bored.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't feel like doing that today.
The man begging for money looked very hungry.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't ever want to do that again.
That's the woman I saw yesterday in the park.
I thought you said you'd ask Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to play tennis with me.
Someone else must've seen what happened, too.
I thought Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Please give me three tickets for the concert.
I thought Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
I thought Tom would be drunk, but he wasn't.
Tom said he didn't want me to worry about that.
My son-in-law works for an insurance company.
I thought Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said he didn't want me to help him do that.
My children asked me to buy them a telescope.
I thought Tom was supposed to be doing that.
Tom said he didn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
Mr. Jackson's first name was never mentioned.
I thought Tom was smarter than anybody else.
Tom said he didn't really feel like doing that.
Maybe you're the only person who can do that.
I thought Tom was going to have a good time.
Tom said he didn't have the courage to do that.
Many people have been complaining about that.
I thought Tom was going to enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't have anything to write with.
Let's sit on one of the benches under a tree.
I thought Tom might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he didn't get enough sleep last night.
Let's eat something before we start drinking.
I thought Tom knew how to play the mandolin.
Tom said I didn't sound as if I was in trouble.
It's important that you learn how to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't wait that long for you.
Tom retired in 2013 and died three years later.
It's been decided that I'll do that tomorrow.
I think Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom refused to do what I told him he had to do.
It's an excellent idea, as far as I can tell.
I think Tom would be safe if he stayed here.
Tom really wanted to do that yesterday evening.
It would be wonderful if you did that for me.
I think Tom would be happier if he did that.
Tom ran down the street without any clothes on.
It would be nice if you could do that for me.
I think Tom won't visit Boston anytime soon.
Tom put her bag down and went into the kitchen.
It would be good if you could do that for me.
I think Tom will be the next one to do that.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't be late again.
It would be fantastic if you did that for me.
I think Tom will be the last one to do that.
Tom probably won't have the courage to do that.
It would be dangerous to do that by yourself.
I think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
Tom probably won't have a hard time doing that.
It would be a good idea to do that this week.
I think Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom probably won't do that again until October.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that..
I think Tom will be able to help us do that.
Tom probably won't be hungry when he gets here.
It sounds like I won't need to do that again.
I think Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom probably won't be doing that today, either.
It seems like a stupid idea to me to do that.
I think Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
Tom probably doesn't know what he needs to buy.
It probably won't be so expensive to do that.
I think Tom is the only one who can do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that I won't do that.
It looks as if someone has already done that.
I think Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
Tom probably doesn't know much about Australia.
It impresses me that you know how to do that.
I think Tom is doing that, but I'm not sure.
Tom probably doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
It doesn't seem that I'll be able to do that.
I think Tom did that by himself last Monday.
Tom probably didn't want to do that by himself.
It doesn't matter whether you do that or not.
I think Tom could do a lot of things for us.
Tom overslept and was late for his first class.
If you don't know how to ski, I'll teach you.
I suspected Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom opened a cardboard box with his name on it.
I've loved you since the moment we first met.
I should've told Tom what needed to be done.
Tom only eats out when his wife is out of town.
I've been waiting in line for thirty minutes.
I should've told Tom that he had to do that.
Tom never expected to be able to do that again.
I'm very tired and I want to go to bed early.
I should've let Tom do what he wanted to do.
Tom needs to stay in Boston for a couple weeks.
I'm the only person who knows how to do that.
I should've known that I couldn't trust Tom.
Tom may need to stay in Boston a little longer.
I'm sure I won't be allowed to do that again.
I should've done that the way Tom suggested.
Tom lives in a small house with his three dogs.
I'm still not very good at playing the flute.
I should tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom lives downtown not far from where he works.
I'm probably the only person who can do that.
I should tell Tom I don't intend to do that.
Tom lived in a small town for most of his life.
I'm only going to have one chance to do that.
I should be able to do that better than Tom.
Tom likes to read when he's waiting for people.
I'm not going to teach French here next year.
I really should've told Tom to visit Boston.
Tom knows he's not supposed to do that anymore.
I'm not going to eat the rest of my sandwich.
I really don't want to tell Tom where I was.
Tom knows he'll never be able to do that again.
I'm going to have to do that sooner or later.
I pretended that I didn't know Tom was rich.
Tom isn't willing to do that without some help.
I'm embarrassed because I can't do that well.
I never thought I'd see Tom in Boston again.
Tom isn't the kind of person who would do that.
I'll help you as soon as I finish doing this.
I need to ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be arrested for doing that.
I'll do that whether I get permission or not.
I know Tom could do that if he tried harder.
Tom isn't likely to be through doing that.
I'd rather do that now while it's still cool.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom isn't likely to be tempted to do that.
I'd rather be doing something else right now.
I know I won't be able to change Tom's mind.
Tom isn't likely to be fascinated by that.
I'd be grateful for any help you could offer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very happy to leave here.
I wouldn't do that even if I were very bored.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely agree to do that.
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I wouldn't be doing that if I didn't need to.
I knew Tom would likely not want to do that.
Tom isn't adventurous enough to try doing that.
I wouldn't be doing that if I didn't have to.
I hope Tom knows he doesn't need to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out what we need to do.
I wonder if it would be dangerous to do that.
I hope Tom knows he doesn't have to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out what we have to do.
I wish I'd been courageous enough to do that.
I hope Tom is gone by the time we get there.
Tom is trying hard to do what needs to be done.
I wish I was better at playing the saxophone.
I haven't heard from Tom since last October.
Tom is the only person here I can really trust.
I watched a basketball game on TV last night.
I have a feeling that Tom needed to do that.
Tom is the only one who didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that I was being photographed.
I guess I should've expected Tom to do that.
Tom is the only one who didn't have to do that.
I was wondering if you'd like to do that now.
I forgot to tell Tom that I needed his help.
Tom is the only one who didn't do his homework.
I wanted to thank you for helping me do that.
I doubt if Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom is the one who knows what needs to be done.
I wanted to do that, but I wasn't allowed to.
I doubt if Tom will be motivated to do that.
Tom is supposed to do that before he goes home.
I want to stay in Boston for at least a week.
I doubt if Tom will be desperate to do that.
Tom is sitting at one of the tables back there.
I want to stay in Boston for a few more days.
I don't want Tom to kiss me in public again.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a motorcycle.
I want to rent a house close to where I work.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston without me.
Tom is probably not going to do that very well.
I want to know why you haven't done that yet.
I don't understand why Tom ought to do that.
Tom is probably not going to do that this week.
I want to know if you've ever been to Boston.
I don't understand why Tom needs to do that.
Tom is probably not as rich as he claims to be.
I want to know how I can lose weight quickly.
I don't think they'll permit Tom to do that.
Tom is one of the three guys who could do that.
I thought you were the one chosen to do that.
I don't think that Tom made a wise decision.
Tom is one of the nicest kids I've ever taught.
I thought you were supposed to do that today.
I don't think Tom would still be downstairs.
Tom is now richer than he ever thought he'd be.
I thought you were still planning to do that.
I don't think Tom would have fun doing that.
Tom is likely to still be reluctant to do that.
I thought you said you're willing to do that.
I don't think Tom would ever really do that.
Tom is likely to still be motivated to do that.
I thought you said you'd never do that again.
I don't think Tom would allow me to do that.
Tom is likely to still be desperate to do that.
I thought you said you were ready to do that.
I don't think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom is likely to be present at today's meeting.
I thought you said you were going to do that.
I don't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Tom is going to Boston to live with his father.
I thought I'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom needed to do that outside.
Tom is getting to be pretty good at doing that.
I thought I was going to get a higher salary.
I don't think Tom could handle the pressure.
Tom is different from the rest of the children.
I thought I might be coming down with a cold.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy any car.
Tom is a lot more interesting than his brother.
I think this is the perfect place to do that.
I don't speak French and Tom doesn't either.
Tom is a lot less interesting than his brother.
I think it'll be impossible to do that today.
I don't really want to tell Tom where I was.
Tom is a little bit tired, so he won't do that.
I think it would be disrespectful to do that.
I don't really expect Tom to be at my party.
Tom hopes to be back in Boston by late October.
I think it might not be dangerous to do that.
I don't need to stay home to help Tom today.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to work this weekend.
I think I'll stay in Boston for another week.
I don't know why Tom wasn't at school today.
Tom hasn't yet told me why he needs to do that.
I think I could come to Boston for Christmas.
I don't know why Tom is supposed to do that.
Tom hasn't played volleyball since high school.
I still haven't done what you asked me to do.
I don't know why Tom dropped out of college.
Tom has worked for our company for three years.
I still haven't done what I'm supposed to do.
I don't know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom has wanted to learn French for a long time.
I still come to Boston at least once a month.
I don't know why Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom has to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I shouldn't have been doing what I was doing.
I don't know why Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom has to do that before he can go home today.
I should've stayed in Boston a little longer.
I don't know whether Tom is swimming or not.
Tom has to be present at the meeting on Monday.
I should've been finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't know whether Tom can do that or not.
Tom has never had the chance to try doing that.
I should've been able to do that much better.
I don't know where Tom went to kindergarten.
Tom has never had a real job in his whole life.
I should be able to do that without any help.
I don't know where Tom learned how to drive.
Tom has never asked me to help him do anything.
I pretended I didn't know what was happening.
I don't know when Tom will leave for Boston.
Tom has done that more than he'd like to admit.
I never expected to be able to do that again.
I don't know if Tom likes spicy food or not.
Tom has done almost nothing we asked him to do.
I might live in Boston for another few years.
I don't know exactly when Tom will get home.
Tom has definitely gotten better at doing that.
I majored in chemistry when I was in college.
I don't have to stay home to help Tom today.
Tom has decided I'm the one who should do that.
I looked around, but I couldn't see anything.
I don't have as much experience as Tom does.
Tom has been sentenced to three months in jail.
I know there must be some way we can do that.
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that.
Tom has been living by himself for three years.
I know how to catch birds with my bare hands.
I don't believe Tom really needs to do that.
Tom has been collecting information about fish.
I know I'm not supposed to do that by myself.
I didn't wear the shirt Tom told me to wear.
Tom has be played the trombone for a few years.
I knew I didn't have anything to worry about.
I didn't want to do that without Tom's help.
Tom has already spent all the money I gave him.
I hung on to the rope for as long as I could.
I didn't want Tom to know what had happened.
Tom has a better chance of winning than you do.
I hope you don't get punished for doing that.
I didn't want Tom to go, but he went anyway.
Tom had a very tough time making friends there.
I hope you don't get arrested for doing that.
I didn't understand what Tom said in French.
Tom got home yesterday afternoon at about 2:30.
I hope I get a lot of presents for Christmas.
I didn't think you'd be afraid of Tom's dog.
Tom gets his hair cut about three times a year.
I hope I can visit Boston in the near future.
I didn't think Tom would do that by himself.
Tom explained why it was a bad idea to do that.
I had the opportunity to do that last summer.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that here.
Tom doesn't want to spend much time doing that.
I guess I'd rather go to Boston than Chicago.
I didn't think Tom was being careful enough.
Tom doesn't want to be the last one to do that.
I don't yet have enough money to buy a house.
I didn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be here and I don't either.
I don't want anyone looking through my stuff.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Tom doesn't want me to show you how to do that.
I don't think you'll be permitted to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I was going to Boston.
Tom doesn't think you'll be allowed to do that.
I don't think you should do that by yourself.
I didn't tell Tom who my French teacher was.
Tom doesn't think they'll permit me to do that.
I don't think that doing that is a good idea.
I didn't tell Tom what I was supposed to do.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think I'll have to do that by myself.
I didn't tell Tom I had been married before.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow him to do that.
I don't swim, but I enjoy going to the beach.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't know how to swim.
Tom doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
I don't really know how to do that very well.
I didn't really want to help Tom, but I did.
Tom doesn't think I'll be permitted to do that.
I don't plan to do that until you tell me to.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be having such a good time.
I don't need to worry about things like that.
I didn't pay any attention to Tom's warning.
Tom doesn't need me to do that for him anymore.
I don't make as much money as you think I do.
I didn't know you used to be married to Tom.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him.
I don't know why I'm not supposed to do that.
I didn't know whether to believe Tom or not.
Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
I don't know who can sing well and who can't.
I didn't know whether Tom was sleepy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that or not.
I don't know whether I should do that or not.
I didn't know whether Tom was hungry or not.
Tom doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
I don't know if that's true, but it might be.
I didn't know whether Tom could swim or not.
Tom doesn't have the time to do that right now.
I don't know how to use this washing machine.
I didn't know when Tom was going to do that.
Tom doesn't have me to do that for him anymore.
I don't know how to do what needs to be done.
I didn't know the reason why Tom was crying.
Tom doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
I don't know anything about raising children.
I didn't know that Tom was going to kiss me.
Tom died in a traffic accident three weeks ago.
I don't have very much experience doing that.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be here.
Tom didn't think the burning car would explode.
I don't have to worry about things like that.
I didn't know that Tom was a French teacher.
Tom didn't tell me why he wanted me to do that.
I don't have those kinds of problems anymore.
I didn't know that Tom used to teach French.
Tom didn't tell me he wanted to be a scientist.
I don't have enough money to buy what I need.
I didn't know Tom was still studying French.
Tom didn't seem to know why that was happening.
I don't have as many close friends as you do.
I didn't know Tom had to do that by himself.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that was happening.
I don't have a ticket for tomorrow's concert.
I didn't find the money that Tom had hidden.
Tom didn't lose as much weight as he wanted to.
I don't have a credit card or a bank account.
I didn't do that because Tom told me not to.
Tom didn't know we weren't supposed to do that.
I don't get the chance to do that very often.
I didn't buy Tom's explanation for a second.
Tom didn't know that he didn't need to do that.
I didn't want to stop doing what I was doing.
How often does Tom go to Boston on business?
Tom didn't know that he didn't have to do that.
I didn't want to be the first one to do that.
How often do you help Tom with his homework?
Tom didn't know that I was supposed to do that.
I didn't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
How many times will Tom to do that tomorrow?
Tom didn't know how much money had been stolen.
I didn't want the same thing to happen to me.
How many seconds did it take Tom to do that?
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do by myself.
I didn't want the same thing to happen again.
How many seconds did it take Tom to do that.
Tom didn't get home until very late last night.
I didn't want my parents to know I was drunk.
How many months will it take Tom to do that?
Tom did that here yesterday for the first time.
I didn't think I would be nervous doing that.
How many minutes did it take Tom to do that?
Tom could've refused to do that, but he didn't.
I didn't tell my wife that I'd been laid off.
How many minutes did it take Tom to do that.
Tom could be busy now, but I don't think he is.
I didn't study, but I passed the test anyway.
How did you know what else Tom needed to do?
Tom continued to do that until the day he died.
I didn't see any familiar faces at the party.
How did you know Tom would agree to do that?
Tom climbed up the tree as quickly as he could.
I didn't really think I'd be able to do that.
How did you know Tom was going be in Boston?
Tom came over for just as I was about to leave.
I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary.
Has Tom decided what he's going to major in?
Tom began taking piano lessons three years ago.
I didn't need to hurry. I had plenty of time.
Do you think that Tom will do that tomorrow?
Tom asked me if I knew how to get to his house.
I didn't need to finish doing that yesterday.
Do you think Tom would permit us to do that?
Tom asked if he was really required to do that.
I didn't like beer the first time I tried it.
Do you think Tom would permit me to do that?
Tom asked if he really needed to wear a helmet.
I didn't know you were still studying French.
Do you think Tom would be unable to do that?
Tom apparently has to speak French for his job.
I didn't know you used to have a crush on me.
Do you think Tom would be afraid to do that?
Tom and three other prisoners got into a fight.
I didn't know you didn't know how to do that.
Do you think Tom might be a little confused?
Tom and I were sitting together at the concert.
I didn't know whether I could do that or not.
Do you know whether or not Tom will do that?
Tom and I were just talking about that earlier.
I didn't know when I was supposed to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom saw you doing that?
Tom and I were at home together that afternoon.
I didn't know what to do when I broke my leg.
Didn't you know that Tom also speaks French?
Tom and I went sailing together three days ago.
I didn't know what time I needed to be there.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom and I went for a drive yesterday afternoon.
I didn't know that you'd already bought eggs.
Didn't you know Tom was supposed to do that?
Tom and I sometimes speak French to each other.
I didn't know that you were planning do that.
Didn't you know Tom was planning to do that?
Tom and I seldom speak to each other in French.
I didn't know that you were a French teacher.
Didn't you know Tom was allergic to walnuts?
Tom and I looked at each other for a long time.
I didn't know that you couldn't speak French.
Didn't you know Tom has more than one house?
Tom and I have never given each other presents.
I didn't know that what I'd done was illegal.
Didn't you know Tom had relatives in Boston?
Tom and I hardly ever give each other presents.
I didn't know that I needed to do that today.
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like doing that?
Tom and I go to work every day on the same bus.
I didn't know that I had done anything wrong.
Didn't you know Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
Tom and I entered the library at the same time.
I didn't know how much the ticket would cost.
Didn't you know Tom could hear what we said?
Tom and I don't see much of each other anymore.
I didn't know how much money had been stolen.
Did you know that Tom was going to be there?
Tom and I don't like the same kind of TV shows.
I didn't have time to spend with my children.
Did you know that Tom had this many friends?
Tom and I didn't recognize each other at first.
I didn't have time to do what had to be done.
Did you know Tom is good at speaking French?
Tom and I couldn't agree on where we should go.
I didn't have time to do what I wanted to do.
Did you know Tom is actually a conservative?
Tom and I aren't talking to each other anymore.
I didn't have time to do what I needed to do.
Can you remember the first time you met Tom?
Tom and I are thinking about getting a divorce.
I didn't have enough money to go home by bus.
Both of Tom's brothers died in the accident.
Tom and I are going to tie the knot in October.
I didn't have any money, so I didn't do that.
All three of Tom's brothers want to do that.
Tom and I are going out for a drink after work.
I didn't get home until very late last night.
You're a little older than Tom, aren't you?
Tom and I always speak to each other in French.
I didn't bring that matter up at the meeting.
You're a close friend of Tom's, aren't you?
Tom already owns more cars than he'll ever use.
I can't go to Boston until after next Monday.
You'll teach Tom how to do that, won't you?
Tom admitted he was the one who broke the eggs.
I bought a handmade rug a couple of days ago.
You wouldn't ask Tom to do that, would you?
Tom admitted he didn't want to do that anymore.
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.
You want Tom to do that for you, don't you?
Tom admitted he didn't do what he said he'd do.
How many times do you think you've done that?
You waited until Tom got there, didn't you?
Tom admitted he did what he promised not to do.
How many times did you go skiing last winter?
You told Tom you could do that, didn't you?
Tom accidentally cut his finger with his knife.
How many times did you go hiking last summer?
You told Tom he should do that, didn't you?
Tom's guitar playing didn't impress me at all.
How many textbooks did you buy last semester?
You think that Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom's doctor advised him to get more exercise.
How many minutes will it take you to do that?
You think Tom shouldn't do that, don't you?
Tom would've done that already if he knew how.
How many days will it really take to do that?
You still hope Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom would've done that already if he could've.
How many days does it really take to do that?
You shouldn't have told Tom where you live.
Tom would stop doing that if you asked him to.
How long have you been trying to lose weight?
You should've told Tom to buy that for you.
Tom would probably be able to do that for you.
Have you ever been criticized for doing that?
You should've asked Tom to do that for you.
Tom would like you to show him how to do that.
Don't you think it would be wrong to do that?
You should tell Tom why you had to do that.
Tom would like to know why you didn't do that.
Don't you think it would be smart to do that?
You should tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom would have to be pretty stupid to do that.
Don't you think it would be risky to do that?
You seem convinced that Tom has to do that.
Tom won't likely have to do that anytime soon.
Doing that would be the sensible thing to do.
You need to keep Tom from doing that again.
Tom won't likely be very concerned about that.
Doing that would be the rational thing to do.
You know why Tom has to do that, don't you?
Tom won't likely be amused by what's going on.
Do you think doing that would be a good idea?
You know why Tom didn't do that, don't you?
Tom won't be finished doing that until Monday.
Do you still do that as often as you used to?
You knew Tom wanted to do that, didn't you?
Tom won't be as busy tomorrow as he was today.
Do you really think it's possible to do that?
You knew Tom shouldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom won't be able to move the desk by himself.
Do you really think it would safe to do that?
You knew Tom needed to do that, didn't you?
Tom won't be able to do that without our help.
Do you really think doing that would be wise?
You hope that Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom won't be able to do that until next month.
Do you really think doing that would be safe?
You haven't asked Tom to do that, have you?
Tom will very likely get fired for doing that.
Do you really think doing that would be easy?
You have to keep Tom from doing that again.
Tom will probably have a hard time doing that.
Do you know what Mr. Jackson's first name is?
You forgave Tom for doing that, didn't you?
Tom will probably have a good time doing that.
Do you always lock your house when you leave?
You don't think Tom should do that, do you?
Tom will probably get injured if he does that.
Didn't you know you were supposed to do that?
You don't think Tom did that right, do you?
Tom will probably be the last one to get here.
Didn't you know you could get there by train?
You don't know why Tom wants me to do that.
Tom will probably be the first one to do that.
Didn't you know this building had a basement?
You don't know why Tom did do that, do you?
Tom will probably be interested in doing that.
Didn't I tell you that you needed to do that?
You don't believe Tom will do that, do you?
Tom will probably be hungry when he gets home.
Did you know there'll be no classes tomorrow?
You didn't know Tom would do that, did you?
Tom will probably be hungry when he gets here.
Did you know that peanuts aren't really nuts?
You didn't know Tom had done that, did you?
Tom will probably be homeless by next October.
Did you know that I'd never done that before?
You didn't ask Tom not to do that, did you?
Tom will probably be forgiven for what he did.
Did you know Mozart wrote a bassoon concerto?
You asked Tom how he'd do that, didn't you?
Tom will probably be excited about doing that.
Could you take care of my dog while I'm away?
You agreed to help Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom will likely be present at today's meeting.
Can you tell me exactly what you tried to do?
Will Tom study French with us this evening?
Tom will likely be out of the office all week.
Can you remember the first time you did that?
Why do you think Tom won't have to do that?
Tom will be thirsty when he finishes the race.
Aren't you the one who's supposed to do that?
Who told you Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that?
Tom will be the only one permitted to do that.
Are your parents still married to each other?
Who told you Tom would know how to do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Are you sure that you won't do that tomorrow?
Who told you Tom was living on Park Street?
Tom wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Are you going to come to Boston next weekend?
When was the last time you saw Tom do that?
Tom wasn't the first one to decide to do that.
All three of my sisters died in the accident.
When did you find out Tom had been injured?
Tom was the one who talked me into doing that.
About how many years will it take to do that?
Were you impressed by the way Tom did that?
Tom was the one responsible for what happened.
About how many years does it take to do that?
We've been looking for Tom for a long time.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help us.
About how many weeks will it take to do that?
We should try to get Tom to come to Boston.
Tom was only able to do that for a short time.
About how many weeks does it take to do that?
We never would've permitted Tom to do that.
Tom was never told what had actually happened.
About how many hours will it take to do that?
We didn't know whether Tom was busy or not.
Tom was living in Boston when I first met him.
About how many hours does it take to do that?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that before 2:30?
Tom wants to do that, but he doesn't know how.
About how many books did you read last month?
There's no way Tom would forget to do that.
Tom wanted to do that, but he didn't know how.
A lot of people criticized me for doing that.
That was the first time Tom ever kissed me.
Tom used to have a summer home near the beach.
"Have you ever done that?" "Yes, many times."
That was the first time I'd seen Tom dance.
Tom told us that we needed to be more careful.
You've worked in Boston before, haven't you?
Tell Tom he needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tom told the police that he heard three shots.
You've never done that kind of thing before.
Please tell Tom that I'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me why it was a good idea to do that.
You're the only one who volunteered to help.
Please tell Tom he needs to get here early.
Tom told me that he's the next one to do that.
You're one of the friendliest people I know.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to do that.
Tom told me that he was proud of his children.
You're not doing that the way I told you to.
Please tell Tom he doesn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he thought you could do that.
You'll never be given the chance to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't want to do that.
Tom told me that he doesn't know what that is.
You'll never be able to do that by yourself.
My guess is that Tom won't need to do that.
Tom told me that Boston was his favorite city.
You'll have plenty of time to do that later.
My guess is that Tom won't have to do that.
Tom told me his parents were getting divorced.
You'll find that doing that is a lot of fun.
Maybe Tom won't come to Boston this summer.
Tom told me he wanted to learn how to do that.
You'll eventually figure out how to do that.
Just make sure you tell Tom not to do that.
Tom told me I wasn't doing that the right way.
You'll be the only one permitted to do that.
It's necessary for Tom to go there himself.
Tom thought he would be able to do that today.
You'd get angry if I did that, wouldn't you?
It's likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom thought I was going to be able to do that.
You weren't able to do that today, were you?
It's already 2:30 and Tom still isn't here.
Tom thinks that doing that would be a mistake.
You were the only who did that, weren't you?
It'll probably be tough for Tom to do that.
Tom survived the accident with minor injuries.
You were able to do that today, weren't you?
It'll probably be risky for Tom to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me why he won't do that.
You want to learn how to do that, don't you?
It wouldn't be very nice to do that to Tom.
Tom still has a lot of things he wants to buy.
You used to do that quite often, didn't you?
It would be foolish for Tom not to do that.
Tom still has a lot of things he needs to buy.
You used to be a country singer, didn't you?
It would be fantastic if Tom could do that.
Tom still does that even though he's very old.
You thought I'd stop doing that, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom spent the whole afternoon feeding pigeons.
You thought I'd quit doing that, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom spent most of his free time reading books.
You thought I shouldn't do that, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom spent his summer vacation studying French.
You thought I needed to do that, didn't you?
It seems to me that Tom is doing very well.
Tom showed the old man the way to the station.
You think I do that all the time, don't you?
It seems like Tom is having fun doing that.
Tom should've taken the examination yesterday.
You swore you'd be in Boston on my birthday.
It looks like Tom might be able to do that.
Tom should've been studying French last night.
You still don't know how to do that, do you?
It looks like Tom isn't having a good time.
Tom should've been able to do that on his own.
You shouldn't speak French in the classroom.
It looks like Tom is having fun doing that.
Tom should've been able to do that by himself.
You should've been the first one to do that.
It looks as if Tom is doing that right now.
Tom should be able to show you how to do that.
You should make sure that you do that today.
It doesn't seem like Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom should be able to do that without my help.
You should go ahead and do that by yourself.
It didn't seem like Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom seldom, if ever, complains about anything.
You should do that while you're still young.
Is there any chance that Tom won't do that?
Tom seems to have started to enjoy doing that.
You should do that now before it's too late.
I've promised to do that with Tom tomorrow.
Tom seems to have lost interest in doing that.
You really like to do that a lot, don't you?
I've been asked to help Tom write a speech.
Tom says there's nothing he can do about that.
You really like doing that a lot, don't you?
I'm worried that Tom won't like my parents.
Tom says he's too old to start doing that now.
You might not feel like doing that tomorrow.
I'm the only person who can help Tom today.
Tom says he won't do that unless you help him.
You look more like a teacher than a student.
I'm the only one who ever really liked Tom.
Tom says he wants to do everything by himself.
You look like you've put on a little weight.
I'm sure that's not the school Tom goes to.
Tom says he thinks he might be fired tomorrow.
You know why I needed to do that, don't you?
I'm sure that's not the medicine Tom needs.
Tom says he sells about thirty of these a day.
You know I'm supposed to do that, don't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't permit me to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to live in Australia.
You know I have to do that today, don't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
Tom says he doesn't think he ought to do that.
You knew I'd be able to do that, didn't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't care if you did that.
Tom says he doesn't really know how old he is.
You hope to do that this weekend, don't you?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know where he should park.
You haven't finish doing that yet, have you?
I'm sure Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know if he has to do that.
You don't want to do that right now, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be ready to do that soon.
Tom says he doesn't feel motivated to do that.
You don't really want to go with us, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be in a hurry to do that.
Tom says he definitely wants to do that again.
You don't really care how I do that, do you?
I'm sure Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
Tom says he can't really recall what happened.
You don't need to do that right now, do you?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be handcuffed.
Tom said you're a better guitarist than he is.
You don't need to do that every day, do you?
I'm quite sure Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom said there's nothing he can do about that.
You don't know why I had to do that, do you?
I'm probably the person Tom is waiting for.
Tom said there was blood on the kitchen floor.
You don't have to do that right now, do you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom will vouch for me.
Tom said the decision was made by a committee.
You don't have to do that every day, do you?
I'm glad that Tom didn't ask me to do that.
Tom said that the judge's decision was unfair.
You don't have enough time to do that today.
I'm glad Tom taught me some French phrases.
Tom said that he'd be glad to do that for you.
You don't believe I really did that, do you?
I'd rather do that by myself than with Tom.
Tom said last night's concert was three hours.
You didn't want to do that with me, did you?
I wonder why Tom thought we had to do that.
Tom said last night's concert was pretty good.
You didn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I wonder why Tom thought he had to do that.
Tom said his father told him never to do that.
You didn't really enjoy doing that, did you?
I wonder why Tom thinks we need to do that.
Tom said he's only been to Boston three times.
You didn't know you had to do that, did you?
I wonder why Tom thinks we have to do that.
Tom said he's been trying to do that all week.
You didn't get a chance to do that, did you?
I wonder why Tom still drives that old car.
Tom said he's always been pretty good at math.
You did that at the last minute, didn't you?
I wonder if Tom would permit me to do that.
Tom said he's always been interested in music.
You could easily have done that by yourself.
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what we did.
Tom said he'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
You can stay with us as long as you want to.
I went to the same kindergarten as Tom did.
Tom said he'd do that for us if we asked him to.
You can stay with us as long as you need to.
I wasn't the one who wanted Tom to do that.
Tom said he'd be afraid to do that by himself.
You and I are the only ones who can do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom had to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Wouldn't you like to go to the zoo tomorrow?
I wasn't sure how to answer Tom's question.
Tom said he would've done that if he could've.
Would you mind if I didn't do that tomorrow?
I wasn't convinced that Tom had to do that.
Tom said he won't do that unless you help him.
Would you like to eat dinner on the veranda?
I was surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that again.
Why haven't you done what you said you'd do?
I was surprised that Tom needed to do that.
Tom said he wasn't willing to help us do that.
Why don't you do that before you go home?
I was lying to Tom when I said I'd do that.
Tom said he wasn't allowed to do that anymore.
Why did you think I didn't enjoy doing that?
I was in Boston the night Tom was murdered.
Tom said he was looking forward to doing that.
Who told you I wouldn't know how to do that?
I was hoping Tom would be more cooperative.
Tom said he was going to permit us to do that.
When are you going to start studying French?
I wanted to do something to make Tom happy.
Tom said he wants to do everything by himself.
What were you afraid of when you were a kid?
I want to know when Tom is going to Boston.
Tom said he wanted to be the one who did that.
Weren't you supposed to do that last Monday?
I want to know what Tom is doing in Boston.
Tom said he thought you would want to do that.
Weren't you supposed to do that by yourself?
I try to always do the same thing Tom does.
Tom said he thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Weren't you supposed to do that before 2:30?
I tried to get Tom to learn how to do that.
Tom said he thought he didn't need to do that.
We've had no snow at all so far this winter.
I told Tom you'd probably enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought he didn't have to do that.
We've been living in Boston for a long time.
I told Tom that I thought he could do that.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was tired.
We're too smart to do something that stupid.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to drive.
Tom said he thinks his team will probably win.
We won't be staying in Boston for very long.
I told Tom that I didn't have enough money.
Tom said he should've stayed in Boston longer.
We should leave this area as soon as we can.
I told Tom I'd stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said he regretted his decision to do that.
We should get out of here as soon as we can.
I told Tom I don't have to do that anymore.
Tom said he paid thirty dollars for this book.
We probably won't be in Boston until Monday.
I thought you said you've seen Tom do that.
Tom said he needed to find another babysitter.
We might stay in Boston for a few more days.
I thought Tom would be up before breakfast.
Tom said he may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
We had to change the locks on all the doors.
I thought Tom would be in Boston on Monday.
Tom said he learned how to do that in October.
We could go see a movie or go out to dinner.
I thought Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he knew he might not need to do that.
We both have to stay in Boston until Monday.
I thought Tom would be embarrassed by that.
Tom said he knew he might not have to do that.
Was it snowing this morning when you got up?
I thought Tom would be angrier than he was.
Tom said he hadn't thought about it like that.
Was it raining this morning when you got up?
I thought Tom was the first one to do that.
Tom said he had his reasons for leaving early.
This is a list of things I need to do today.
I thought Tom was interested in doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think you need to do that.
This evening is the only time I can do that.
I thought Tom was in his office on Mondays.
Tom said he doesn't think you have to do that.
This book seems to be missing several pages.
I thought Tom was going to win the contest.
Tom said he doesn't think he needs to do that.
There's something else I wanted to tell you.
I thought Tom was going to enjoy the party.
Tom said he doesn't have the power to stop it.
There's nothing else I need to do right now.
I think you could talk Tom into doing that.
Tom said he doesn't have any plans to do that.
There's apparently no cure for that disease.
I think we shouldn't permit Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go camping with us.
There are many ways to remedy the situation.
I think Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to ask you to do that.
The road up ahead is blocked by a landslide.
I think Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
Tom said he didn't want me to do that for him.
The reason I came here today was to do that.
I think Tom would like to be in Boston now.
Tom said he didn't think that really happened.
The questions on yesterday's exam were easy.
I think Tom would be happy if you did that.
Tom said he didn't have to do that by himself.
The car is all packed and we're ready to go.
I think Tom would be glad if that happened.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that today.
The boy sitting in the corner looked lonely.
I think Tom won't be here until much later.
Tom said he didn't have anything he had to do.
That's a problem we need to deal with today.
I think Tom won't be awake when I get home.
Tom said he didn't have any problem with that.
Please make sure that you do that every day.
I think Tom will stay in Boston all summer.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that today.
Please let me know before you do that again.
I think Tom will be doing that again today.
Tom said he didn't ever want to do that again.
Only one of my grandmothers is still living.
I think Tom might've been offended by that.
Tom said he assumed you would want to do that.
My sisters will be teachers like our mother.
I think Tom might go to Boston in the fall.
Tom said doing that was the right thing to do.
My parents would never permit me to do that.
I think Tom isn't the first one to do that.
Tom recommends that you don't do that anymore.
My computer is three years older than yours.
I think Tom is getting tired of doing that.
Tom really needs to do that as soon as he can.
Maybe I can go to Boston with you next week.
I think Tom is difficult to get along with.
Tom really doesn't want to go to school today.
Mary picked a flower and put it in her hair.
I think Tom has to be shown how to do that.
Tom ran away from home at the age of thirteen.
Many people don't like going to the dentist.
I think Tom has never done that by himself.
Tom promised that he'd do that, but he didn't.
Many people I didn't know were at the party.
I think Tom did that, but I could be wrong.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't go out alone.
John Lennon's songs are still popular today.
I think Tom could've been offended by that.
Tom promised he'd do that before he went home.
It's been three years since I last did that.
I think Tom could teach you how to do that.
Tom probably won't ever need to do that again.
It's about time we did something about that.
I think I heard Tom say that he'll do that.
Tom probably won't ever have to do that again.
It'll take me a good three hours to do that.
I sure hope Tom comes to Boston in October.
Tom probably should do that as soon as he can.
It would be very insensitive to do that now.
I should've told Tom not to stay in Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about this.
It would be possible to do that by yourself.
I should've told Tom not to come to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about animals.
It won't be hard to find someone to do that.
I should've listened to Tom more carefully.
Tom probably didn't want to do that yesterday.
It won't be easy to find someone to do that.
I should've known better than to trust Tom.
Tom picked up a rock and threw it at the wolf.
It should be interesting for you to do that.
I should've given Tom more time to do that.
Tom owns an apartment building on Park Street.
It seems that something strange is going on.
I should tell Tom that he ought to do that.
Tom never did have a very good sense of humor.
It probably won't be interesting to do that.
I should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom needs to know the reasons why we did that.
If you have any questions, ask your teacher.
I should tell Tom that I intend to do that.
Tom might be glad that that's going to happen.
I've never tasted anything like this before.
I should tell Tom that I don't like my job.
Tom may also have been in Boston last weekend.
I've never had the chance to try doing that.
I should probably tell Tom I won't do that.
Tom married a girl three years older than him.
I've been working in Boston for three years.
I should probably tell Tom I can't do that.
Tom managed to get out of the pool by himself.
I've asked you several times not to do that.
I should ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom looked like he was in a hurry to get home.
I've asked the same question to many people.
I saw a woman I didn't know talking to Tom.
Tom looked around, but he didn't see anything.
I've already done what I was supposed to do.
I really don't think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom knew his plan needed some improvements.
I've already done everything I needed to do.
I really don't think Tom needed to do that.
Tom knew he was supposed to do that yesterday.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next spring.
I often help Tom carry water from the well.
Tom just wants to stay at home in his pajamas.
I'm the only one who stayed awake all night.
I never told Tom I wanted to go to Harvard.
Tom just told people what they needed to know.
I'm saving up so that I can go to Australia.
I never told Tom I didn't know how to swim.
Tom just sat there as if nothing had happened.
I'm planning to stay in Boston until Monday.
I might be able to stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom isn't very likely be fired for doing that.
I'm not sure if I can do that, but I'll try.
I lied to Tom when said I wouldn't do that.
Tom isn't the only one who's going to do that.
I'm not going to stay in Boston much longer.
I lied to Tom when I said I didn't do that.
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that right now.
I'm not going to do that if I don't have to.
I know Tom will probably regret doing that.
Tom isn't likely to figure out how to do that.
I'm not as good at French as you think I am.
I know Tom will have to do that on his own.
Tom isn't going to be very anxious to do that.
I'm glad I'm not the one who has to do that.
I know Tom will eventually want to do that.
Tom is waiting for me in front of the station.
I'll probably not be in Boston next weekend.
I know Tom hasn't forgotten how to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out what we should do.
I'll buy you one of those for your birthday.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that yesterday.
Tom is trying to figure out what he has to do.
I'd go to Boston with you if I had the time.
I knew Tom wouldn't likely have to do that.
Tom is the only person I know who can do that.
I'd be very thankful if you did that for me.
I knew Tom would unlikely agree to do that.
Tom is the only person here who can do that.
I'd be very grateful if you did that for me.
I knew Tom would likely be able to do that.
Tom is the only person I can trust to do that.
I'd be grateful if you would do that for me.
I hope that Tom doesn't find out the truth.
Tom is the only one who knows how to fix that.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you doing that.
I hope Tom won't tell me I need to do that.
Tom is the only one who feels like doing that.
I wish you'd stay in Boston a few more days.
I hope Tom won't tell me I have to do that.
Tom is the only one here who has a girlfriend.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to do my homework.
I hope Tom doesn't say he wants to do that.
Tom is the only one here permitted to do that.
I wasn't wearing socks, so my feet got cold.
I hope Tom doesn't say he needs to do that.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a motorboat.
I wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom ought to do that.
Tom is one of the nicest kid I've ever taught.
I wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom needs to do that.
Tom is one of the best athletes in our school.
I wasn't the first one to decide to do that.
I have a feeling Tom won't want to do that.
Tom is looking forward to doing that with you.
I wasn't convinced that I needed to do that.
I have a feeling Tom will enjoy doing that.
Tom is likely to still be hesitant to do that.
I wasn't able to do that until I was thirty.
I hate Tom, but not as much as he hates me.
Tom is likely to be unenthusiastic about that.
I wasn't able to do that because I was sick.
I feel sure that Tom has already done that.
Tom is likely to be troubled by what happened.
I wasn't able to do anything I wanted to do.
I doubt that Tom will be home this evening.
Tom is likely to be through doing that by now.
I want to know when you're going to do that.
I doubt that I can prove that Tom did that.
Tom is likely to be amused by what's going on.
I want to know how you're going to get here.
I doubt if Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom is likely to be able to manage to do that.
I used to speak French better than I do now.
I don't want to tell you how Tom and I met.
Tom is gradually getting better at doing that.
I used to come to Boston about once a month.
I don't want to help Tom with his homework.
Tom is good at practically everything he does.
I understand that you've started doing that.
I don't want to do that without Tom's help.
Tom is fortunate that he's allowed to do that.
I thought you were interested in doing that.
I don't think they'll allow Tom to do that.
Tom is better this year than he was last year.
I thought you were going to win the contest.
I don't think it's safe for Tom to do that.
Tom initially said he wasn't going to do that.
I thought you said you'd stopped doing that.
I don't think Tom would do that by himself.
Tom hurt his elbow when he slipped on the ice.
I thought you said you regretted doing that.
I don't think Tom would care if I did that.
Tom hopes he'll get a chance to do that again.
I thought you didn't to know how to do that.
I don't think Tom would be able to do that.
Tom hasn't yet given me permission to do that.
I thought perhaps more people would do that.
I don't think Tom will be ready to do that.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston in a long time.
I thought I'd come up with the perfect plan.
I don't think Tom will be doing that today.
Tom has to make a speech at the party tonight.
I thought I'd be through doing that by 2:30.
I don't think Tom will be doing that again.
Tom has the same kind of computer as you have.
I thought I might not be allowed to do that.
I don't think Tom will allow me to do that.
Tom has spent more than three years in prison.
I think you'll have a lot of fun doing that.
I don't think Tom wants to do that anymore.
Tom has finally done what he promised he'd do.
I think it's probably impossible to do that.
I don't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Tom has enough time to do that if he wants to.
I think it's little too late to do that now.
I don't think Tom really needed to do that.
Tom has enough money to buy whatever he wants.
I think it wouldn't be dangerous to do that.
I don't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
Tom has enough money to buy whatever he needs.
I think doing that would be too hard for me.
I don't think Tom ought to do that anymore.
Tom has done that more times than I can count.
I think I'm not supposed to do that anymore.
I don't really think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom has done a good job for us here in Boston.
I suggest not going to Boston in the winter.
I don't really think Tom needed to do that.
Tom has been told to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I still got to Boston at least once a month.
I don't need Tom to tell me how to do that.
Tom has been one of my best friends for years.
I spilled some juice while I was pouring it.
I don't need Tom to do that for me anymore.
Tom has been living in Boston for a few years.
I shouldn't have dropped out of high school.
I don't like Boston and Tom doesn't either.
Tom has been doing that for a year and a half.
I should've known that I couldn't trust you.
I don't know why Tom dropped out of school.
Tom has been doing that for a number of years.
I should've done that when I had the chance.
I don't know who Tom wants to do that with.
Tom has been building houses for thirty years.
I should've done that the way you suggested.
I don't know whether Tom was hungry or not.
Tom has also studied French for several years.
I should be able to get that done by Monday.
I don't know whether Tom likes dogs or not.
Tom has already told me what needs to be done.
I really want to go to the concert with you.
I don't know whether Tom is thirsty or not.
Tom has already told me what I needed to know.
I really want to be able to do that someday.
I don't know where Tom usually goes skiing.
Tom happened to be on the same train as I was.
I realized I didn't have to do that anymore.
I don't know where Tom bought his computer.
Tom gave me a nice umbrella, but I've lost it.
I promised my parents that I'd study French.
I don't know the reason why Tom was crying.
Tom fell asleep while he was watching a movie.
I probably won't ever have to do that again.
I don't know how much more money Tom wants.
Tom expects you to do that before you go home.
I pretended I didn't know what was going on.
I don't feel like talking to Tom right now.
Tom enjoys going to the beach with his family.
I plan to go to Boston the month after next.
I don't believe Tom can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't want to do that as much as you do.
I might not go to Boston with you on Monday.
I didn't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
Tom doesn't think we're capable of doing that.
I might go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
I didn't want to go to the circus with Tom.
Tom doesn't think they'll allow me to do that.
I may be able to come to Boston next Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would do that, too.
Tom doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
I know I won't be able to do that by myself.
I didn't think Tom would forget to do that.
Tom doesn't think he'll be allowed to do that.
I know I shouldn't have done that by myself.
I didn't think Tom was finished doing that.
Tom doesn't take anything for granted anymore.
I know I don't have anything to worry about.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy reading comic books.
I knew I didn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't think Tom had ever been to Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to be a student here anymore.
I intend to move to Boston after I graduate.
I didn't tell Tom why he needed to do that.
Tom doesn't look like he's having a good time.
I hope that I don't have to do that anymore.
I didn't tell Tom why I enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't like watching late night TV shows.
I hope that I can visit Boston before I die.
I didn't tell Tom that I grew up in Boston.
Tom doesn't know whether he'll do that or not.
I have a feeling that I've done this before.
I didn't tell Tom how much money I'd spent.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
I hadn't intended to stay in Boston so long.
I didn't tell Tom anything about the party.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
I found that it's very difficult to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom doesn't come to Boston very often anymore.
I doubt if it would be dangerous to do that.
I didn't realize Tom had already done that.
Tom doesn't care whether you does that or not.
I don't want to study French, but I have to.
I didn't realize I had to help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't believe he can do that by himself.
I don't want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't need to use the knife Tom lent me.
Tom died less than a week after his operation.
I don't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
I didn't let my children go to Tom's party.
Tom didn't think you would be able to do that.
I don't want the same thing to happen to me.
I didn't let Tom finish what he was saying.
Tom didn't tell me whether or not he did that.
I don't want the same thing to happen again.
I didn't know why Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom didn't start playing the banjo until 2013.
I don't usually stop if the light is yellow.
I didn't know whether Tom was tired or not.
Tom didn't seem to be having such a good time.
I don't understand what you expect me to do.
I didn't know whether Tom was happy or not.
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was wrong.
I don't think you should be doing that here.
I didn't know where Tom was planning to go.
Tom didn't know that I wasn't able to do that.
I don't think they'll permit you to do that.
I didn't know where Tom had parked the car.
Tom didn't know that I didn't want to do that.
I don't think that doing that is a bad idea.
I didn't know when Tom was going to arrive.
Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that.
I don't think it's smart for you to do that.
I didn't know what to do when Tom did that.
Tom didn't have the time to do that yesterday.
I don't think it's silly for you to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was studying French.
Tom didn't have many opportunities to do that.
I don't think it would be unsafe to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was in love with me.
Tom didn't hang out with us yesterday evening.
I don't think it would be stupid to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was already married.
Tom didn't get here until 2:30 in the morning.
I don't think doing that would be dangerous.
I didn't know that Tom was able to do that.
Tom didn't expect to be able to do that again.
I don't think I've ever done that by myself.
I didn't know that Tom knew how to do that.
Tom didn't do a very good job washing the car.
I don't think I'll have a chance to do that.
I didn't know that Tom had so many friends.
Tom decided to walk instead of taking the bus.
I don't think I'll be able to do that again.
I didn't know that Tom had an older sister.
Tom decided he was the one who should do that.
I don't think I have the stamina to do that.
I didn't know how to answer Tom's question.
Tom could possibly be nervous, but I doubt it.
I don't think I have the ability to do that.
I didn't know how much money Tom had spent.
Tom can't do that alone. You need to help him.
I don't really want to go swimming with you.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom can't do that alone. You have to help him.
I don't really feel like doing that anymore.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Tom came over to my house yesterday afternoon.
I don't play the trombone as well as you do.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Tom began writing poetry when he was thirteen.
I don't play tennis as often as I'd like to.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't do that on time.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that again.
I don't often have a chance to speak French.
I didn't know Tom would eventually do that.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that again.
I don't need to wear a suit and tie to work.
I didn't know Tom would do that so quickly.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that with him.
I don't like it when people keep me waiting.
I didn't know Tom was the one who did that.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that on Monday.
I don't like girls who wear a lot of makeup.
I didn't know Tom thought I should do that.
Tom and I've known each other for a long time.
I don't know why I was expelled from school.
I didn't know Tom spoke French so fluently.
Tom and I've decided to go to Boston together.
I don't know where the fire extinguisher is.
I didn't know Tom had to do that yesterday.
Tom and I'll be playing tennis this afternoon.
I don't know how long the meeting will last.
I didn't know Tom had spent time in prison.
Tom and I went to the same junior high school.
I don't know anything about classical music.
I didn't know Tom could do that by himself.
Tom and I went to the mall together on Monday.
I don't have to wear a suit and tie to work.
I didn't do everything Tom wanted me to do.
Tom and I used to work in the same department.
I don't have to go there if I don't want to.
I didn't ask Tom for permission to do that.
Tom and I used to sing country music together.
I don't feel like eating anything right now.
I did that as soon as Tom told me I had to.
Tom and I used to ride the same bus to school.
I don't do that the same way most people do.
I did basically the same thing as Tom did.
Tom and I used to be in the same French class.
I don't care what other people say about me.
I can't remember how to get to Tom's house.
Tom and I see each other at least once a week.
I don't brush my teeth as often as I should.
I can't remember exactly what Tom had said.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the train.
I don't always get my homework done on time.
I can't believe Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the plane.
I do want to do that at least one more time.
I assume Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the couch.
I didn't want to talk about my private life.
I asked Tom whether he wanted to go or not.
Tom and I often speak to each other in French.
I didn't want to study French, but I had to.
How many weeks will it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I often go mountain climbing together.
I didn't want to spend that much for a meal.
How many months did it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I live in the same apartment building.
I didn't want to go to Boston, but I had to.
How many months did it take Tom to do that.
Tom and I have decided never to do that again.
I didn't want to do that as much as you did.
How many hours will it take Tom to do that?
Tom and I have a farm not too far from Boston.
I didn't want to be the last one to do that.
How long has Tom been working as carpenter?
Tom and I hardly ever see each other nowadays.
I didn't want the same thing to happen here.
How did you know which bus Tom would be on?
Tom and I got married when we were very young.
I didn't think you'd be in Boston this week.
How did you know that Tom was lying to you?
Tom and I eat lunch together almost every day.
I didn't think you'd be embarrassed by that.
Has Tom ever criticized you for doing that?
Tom and I don't talk to each other very often.
I didn't think the meeting would be so long.
Everything that's happening is Tom's fault.
Tom and I don't know what we ought to do next.
I didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Even though it's Monday today, Tom is here.
Tom and I don't do that as much as we used to.
I didn't stand a chance of getting that job.
Don't forget to put Tom's name on the list.
Tom and I do that together as often as we can.
I didn't lose as much weight as I wanted to.
Does Tom stay with you when he's in Boston?
Tom and I didn't know each other at that time.
I didn't learn anything new at school today.
Do you want me to get Tom to do that today?
Tom and I decided to drive to Boston together.
I didn't know what to do when that happened.
Do you think Tom would be quiet doing that?
Tom and I are thinking about getting divorced.
I didn't know that I didn't need to do that.
Do you think Tom would be happy doing that?
Tom and I are still not talking to each other.
I didn't know that I didn't have to do that.
Do you think Tom will permit us to do that?
Tom and I are no longer married to each other.
I didn't know how to answer those questions.
Do you know where Tom has been all morning?
Tom and I are going to get hitched in October.
I didn't know how many cups of sugar to add.
Do you know the song Tom wants you to sing?
Tom and I are going swimming tomorrow morning.
I didn't know I weren't supposed to do that.
Do you know if Tom is permitted to do that?
Tom and I almost always agree with each other.
I didn't know I no longer needed to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom wanted to do that?
Tom Jackson didn't run for reelection in 2013.
I didn't have the time to do that yesterday.
Didn't you know Tom used to work in Boston?
Tom's still just a kid, so let's forgive him.
I didn't have many opportunities to do that.
Didn't you know Tom used to live in Boston?
Tom's salary has more than doubled in a year.
I didn't have anything else I wanted to say.
Didn't you know Tom owns more than one car?
Tom wouldn't be happy if we made him do that.
I didn't get here until 2:30 in the morning.
Didn't you know Tom is actually very smart?
Tom would've wanted to go to Boston with you.
I didn't expect to be able to do that again.
Didn't you know Tom had to get a visa, too?
Tom would've been happy if you had done that.
I didn't expect the meeting to last so long.
Didn't you know Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom worked in Boston until his death in 2013.
I didn't do that as quickly as I usually do.
Didn't you know Tom didn't need to do that?
Tom won't likely ever be that careless again.
I didn't do anything you wouldn't have done.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like to do that?
Tom won't likely be up at this time of night.
I didn't buy everything you asked me to buy.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like doing that?
Tom won't likely be the first one to do that.
I decided to walk instead of taking the bus.
Didn't you know Tom didn't have to do that?
Tom won't likely be interested in doing that.
I can continue to do that if you want me to.
Didn't you know Tom and John were brothers?
Tom won't find it so easy to do that anymore.
I ate about the same amount as I usually do.
Did you know that Tom was going to do that?
Tom won't be able to do that while he's sick.
I always thought I'd eventually get married.
Did you know that Tom was going to be here?
Tom will very likely be fined for doing that.
I advise you to do that as soon as possible.
Did you know that Tom spent time in prison?
Tom will stay in the hospital until tomorrow.
I actually spoke French to my teacher today.
Did you know Tom was still studying French?
Tom will shovel the snow off the roof for us.
How often do you forget to do your homework?
Did you know Tom was living on Park Street?
Tom will probably go swimming this afternoon.
How often do you change your guitar strings?
Did you know Tom spent over $3,000 on that?
Tom will probably be tired when he gets home.
How many years ago was it that you did that?
Did you know Tom before he joined the team?
Tom will probably be the next one to do that.
How many seconds did it take you to do that?
Can Tom stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom will probably be the last one to do that.
How many seconds did it take you to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to go swimming with us.
Tom will probably be irritated by that noise.
How many more years will we need to do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom has to do that.
Tom will probably be forgiven for doing that.
How many more years will we have to do that?
All three of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
Tom will probably be excused from doing that.
How many months will it take you to do that?
All three of Tom's brothers live in Boston.
Tom will come back from Australia in October.
How many minutes will it take us to do that?
You've taken pictures of Tom, haven't you?
Tom went to a pet store to buy some dog food.
How many minutes did it take you to do that?
You've already paid Tom back, haven't you?
Tom went to a conference in Boston last week.
How many minutes did it take you to do that.
You're not going to let Tom swim, are you?
Tom went out for a walk in spite of the rain.
How many foreign students are in your class?
You'll try to help Tom do that, won't you?
Tom wasn't the only one permitted to do that.
How many cups of coffee do you drink a week?
You'll tell Tom how to do that, won't you?
Tom was the first one to get up this morning.
How many bags of marshmallows did you bring?
You'll show Tom how to do that, won't you?
Tom was taller than me when we were thirteen.
Have you ever been to a beach in the winter?
You warned Tom not to do that, didn't you?
Tom was only given thirty minutes to do that.
From now on, I'm going to do that every day.
You told Tom that I'd do that, didn't you?
Tom was my saxophone teacher for three years.
Don't you think it would be wise to do that?
You told Tom he could do that, didn't you?
Tom was in his office just a few minutes ago.
Don't you think it would be safe to do that?
You told Tom I didn't do that, didn't you?
Tom was able to do that without any problems.
Don't you think it would be easy to do that?
You thought Tom would do that, didn't you?
Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
Don't forget that you need to do that today.
You think I'll do that for Tom, don't you?
Tom usually does his homework in the kitchen.
Don't forget that you have to do that today.
You shouldn't have allowed Tom to do that.
Tom used to work as a freelance photographer.
Doing that was a very impulsive thing to do.
You shouldn't do that until Tom gets here.
Tom used to have a restaurant on Park Street.
Doing that likely won't be very interesting.
You should try to get Tom to do that, too.
Tom used to go to Boston three times a month.
Do your parents still permit you to do that?
You should do that the way Tom showed you.
Tom used the money I gave him to buy a bicycle.
Do you think you'll finish doing that today?
You like the way Tom does that, don't you?
Tom took out his wallet and paid the cashier.
Do you think you'd ever consider doing that?
You know why Tom is doing that, don't you?
Tom told us that doing that wasn't necessary.
Do you think it's safe to cross this bridge?
You hope that Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom told me why it was a bad idea to do that.
Do you still eat out as much as you used to?
You don't think Tom would do that, do you?
Tom told me that you're a compulsive gambler.
Do you still do that as much as you used to?
You don't know where Tom did that, do you?
Tom told me that he's immune to that disease.
Do you really think it's foolish to do that?
You didn't remind Tom to do that, did you?
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Do you plan to stay in Boston for very long?
You can likely talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom told me that he thought he could do that.
Do you know anyone who has gotten a divorce?
You asked Tom why he did that, didn't you?
Tom told me that I'm excused from doing that.
Do you intend to stay in Boston for a while?
You and Tom did that together, didn't you?
Tom told me not to waste my time watching TV.
Do you have many friends who don't eat meat?
Would Tom still be able to do that for us?
Tom told me it would be dangerous to do that.
Do you have any objections to my doing that?
Why don't you get Tom to help you do that?
Tom told me how proud he was of his children.
Do you come to Boston more than once a year?
Why don't you get Tom to buy that for you?
Tom told me he wasn't planning on doing that.
Didn't you know Mary and Alice were sisters?
Who told you Tom wouldn't want to do that?
Tom told me he was just trying to be helpful.
Did you really not go to Boston last summer?
Who told you Tom would be able to do that?
Tom told me I didn't have to do that anymore.
Did you know that your brake lights are out?
Who told you Tom wasn't going to be fired?
Tom thinks that doing that isn't a good idea.
Did you finish reading that book last night?
Who told you Tom couldn't ride a unicycle?
Tom thinks some of his friends could do that.
Can you tell me exactly what you want to do?
What did you do that made Tom yell at you?
Tom still just wants to stay at home all day.
Can you tell me exactly what you need to do?
We don't have to tell Tom why we did that.
Tom still hasn't told me what he plans to do.
Can you tell me exactly what you have to do?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that by himself?
Tom still has a lot of things he wants to do.
Can you tell me exactly what has to be done?
Was it you who told Tom he should do that?
Tom still has a lot of things he needs to do.
As far as I know, I've never eaten dog meat.
Was it you who told Tom he has to do that?
Tom still doesn't know why he has to do that.
Are either of your grandfathers still alive?
Was it you who told Tom he had to do that?
Tom spent a lot of time studying last summer.
All three of us knew what needed to be done.
Was Tom really able to do that by himself?
Tom spent a lot of time doing that yesterday.
About how many days will it take to do that?
These books were recommended to me by Tom.
Tom spends a lot of his free time doing that.
About how many days does it take to do that?
There was nothing Tom could do about that.
Tom sometimes helps me with my math homework.
"Have you done that already?" "No, not yet."
The teacher caught Tom cheating on a test.
Tom shouldn't have done that in such a hurry.
"Have you already done that?" "No, not yet."
The cut on Tom's leg seems to have healed.
Tom shouldn't have been permitted to do that.
"Did you do that on Monday?" "No, I didn't."
Tell Tom he should do that this afternoon.
Tom should've waited until Monday to do that.
You've grown since the last time I saw you.
Since Tom is sick, he can't do that today.
Tom should probably not have done that again.
You've decided not to do that, haven't you?
Please tell Tom that I'll do that for him.
Tom should only miss a week or two of school.
You're too young to get a driver's license.
Please tell Tom not to do that by himself.
Tom should be present at next week's meeting.
You're the only one who doesn't seem happy.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that today.
Tom should be allowed to go home early today.
You're the only one who doesn't look tired.
Please remind me to remind Tom to do that.
Tom should be able to do that in three hours.
You're the only one who doesn't look happy.
Please find out when Tom wants to do that.
Tom should be able to do that better than me.
You're the one I want to go to Boston with.
Please find out when Tom plans to do that.
Tom seems to be aware of what he needs to do.
You're not the only one who should do that.
Please find out when Tom plans to be here.
Tom seems convinced that he needs to do that.
You're not the only one who didn't do that.
Please don't do that until Tom gets there.
Tom seemed to be aware of what was happening.
You're not the easiest person to live with.
Perhaps Tom doesn't write letters anymore.
Tom seemed to be amused by what was going on.
You're much taller than I thought you'd be.
My guess is that Tom will want to do that.
Tom says that more research needs to be done.
You're a very secretive person, aren't you?
My guess is that Tom will need to do that.
Tom says it's little too late to do that now.
You're a regular customer here, aren't you?
My guess is that Tom will have to do that.
Tom says he's already decided not to do that.
You're a professional musician, aren't you?
Maybe Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
Tom says he'll be present at today's meeting.
You're a native French speaker, aren't you?
Maybe Tom doesn't know what he has to buy.
Tom says he'd rather do that some other time.
You're a friend of my sister's, aren't you?
Let's go over to Tom's place and help him.
Tom says he won't be bullied into doing that.
You'll be here to do that later, won't you?
Let's go over to Tom's house and help him.
Tom says he thinks he can do that by himself.
You'd like to see me do that, wouldn't you?
It's been three months since Tom did that.
Tom says he saw people running and screaming.
You won't be permitted to do that anywhere.
It'll probably be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think you should do that.
You won't actually be doing that, will you?
It'll probably be easy for Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll ever do that.
You weren't the one who did that, were you?
It would be impossible for Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that now.
You were the one who did that, weren't you?
It would be disappointing if Tom did that.
Tom says he doesn't know what he ought to do.
You were motivated to do that, weren't you?
It was very insensitive of Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't know what he needs to do.
You were in Boston last month, weren't you?
It sounds like Tom won't be here tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that now.
You were desperate to do that, weren't you?
It sounds like Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that now.
You want to know why I did that, don't you?
It sounds like Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom says he didn't know he needed to do that.
You used to be a heroin addict, didn't you?
It sounds like Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom says everything's back to the way it was.
You used to be a forest ranger, didn't you?
It looks like Tom is doing that right now.
Tom said yesterday's meeting was interesting.
You think I'd regret doing that, don't you?
It looks like Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said we were supposed to do that as well.
You think I should've done that, don't you?
It looks like Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom said they wouldn't permit him to do that.
You studies hard for that test, didn't you?
Is there any chance that Tom will do that?
Tom said they would be postponing the picnic.
You shouldn't have been allowed to do that.
Is there any chance Tom is doing that now?
Tom said there wasn't enough time to do that.
You should've been the last one to do that.
Is Tom still be willing to do that for us?
Tom said there was still a lot of work to do.
You should've been forgiven for doing that.
I've spoken in French with Tom many times.
Tom said the passengers' injuries were minor.
You should've been excused from doing that.
I'm the only one who ever really knew Tom.
Tom said the fundraising event was a success.
You should've been able to do that as well.
I'm the one who showed Tom how to do that.
Tom said that's not likely to happen anymore.
You should stay in Boston for another week.
I'm sure that Tom won't forget to do that.
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen again.
You should do that before it gets too late.
I'm sure Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he'd do that as soon as he can.
You should consider not doing that anymore.
I'm sure Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't playing golf anymore.
You seemed to be in a big hurry to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be awake before you are.
Tom said that he wasn't able to walk anymore.
You seemed convinced that I had to do that.
I'm sure Tom has other things on his mind.
Tom said that he wanted to borrow some money.
You seem to know what you're talking about.
I'm not the one who wanted Tom to do that.
Tom said that he needed to borrow some money.
You seem to be reluctant to do that for us.
I'm absolutely sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom said it wasn't the right time to do that.
You said you wanted me to buy that for you.
I'm absolutely sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom said it was more harder than he expected.
You really didn't want to do that, did you?
I'd be disappointed if Tom didn't do that.
Tom said his house wasn't in a good location.
You promised us you wouldn't do that again.
I wouldn't help Tom do that if I were you.
Tom said he's really glad he moved to Boston.
You need to do that more quickly next time.
I wouldn't dream of asking Tom to do that.
Tom said he's been trying to do that all day.
You need to do that before you can go home.
I wouldn't do that that way if I were Tom.
Tom said he'd rather do that some other time.
You need to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom thought I had to do that.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that for free.
You look like you were half expecting this.
I wonder why Tom thinks I need to do that.
Tom said he'd be embarrassed to do that here.
You look exactly the same as you always do.
I wonder why Tom thinks I have to do that.
Tom said he'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
You know that I want to do that, don't you?
I wonder why Tom never learned to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able do anytime soon.
You know that I need to do that, don't you?
I won't likely tell Tom I want to do that.
Tom said he wished you would do that for him.
You know that I have to do that, don't you?
I won't likely tell Tom I need to do that.
Tom said he watched them tear down the house.
You know exactly how to do that, don't you?
I won't likely tell Tom I have to do that.
Tom said he wasn't willing to take that risk.
You know better than to do that, don't you?
I wish Tom hadn't convinced me to do that.
Tom said he wasn't willing to do that for us.
You knew I'd refuse to do that, didn't you?
I wish Tom had told me about that earlier.
Tom said he wasn't sure he wanted to do that.
You haven't ruled out doing that, have you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom that we did that.
Tom said he was living in Boston at the time.
You haven't done that very often, have you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd do that.
Tom said he was having a good time in Boston.
You haven't done that in a while, have you?
I wish I hadn't told Tom about what I did.
Tom said he was asked not to do that anymore.
You have to have money in order to do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom I'd help him.
Tom said he wanted to stay home this weekend.
You have to do that more quickly next time.
I wish I hadn't mentioned that I knew Tom.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that.
You have to do that before you can go home.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom quit doing that.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that.
You have to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom.
Tom said he thought he could help us do that.
You hate it when people do that, don't you?
I wasn't the one who asked Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought doing that would be safe.
You had a good time doing that, didn't you?
I wasn't sure if Tom could do that or not.
Tom said he needs to find another babysitter.
You don't want us to do that today, do you?
I wasn't able to teach Tom how to do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that on Monday.
You don't think we need to do that, do you?
I was surprised that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom said he learned how to do that in Boston.
You don't think I'd really do that, do you?
I was impressed when I saw Tom doing that.
Tom said he hopes to be back by October 20th.
You don't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I wanted to go mountain climbing with Tom.
Tom said he hoped he'd be allowed to do that.
You don't really understand French, do you?
I wanted to go home early, but Tom didn't.
Tom said he hated being treated like a child.
You don't really think I'd do that, do you?
I want to see the house where Tom grew up.
Tom said he doesn't want to take that chance.
You don't really care what I think, do you?
I want to know how much ice cream Tom ate.
Tom said he doesn't mind buying that for you.
You don't know anything about this, do you?
I want to apologize to Tom for doing that.
Tom said he didn't want you to do that again.
You don't have time to do that now, do you?
I tried to discourage Tom from doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to do that right now.
You don't feel like doing that now, do you?
I tried to convince Tom to do that for us.
You don't enjoy doing that anymore, do you?
I tried to convince Tom to do that for me.
Tom said he didn't want that to happen again.
You don't actually want to do that, do you?
I told Tom we didn't have time to do that.
Tom said he didn't expect the job to be easy.
You don't actually need to do that, do you?
I told Tom that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he didn't do what he should've done.
You don't actually have to do that, do you?
I told Tom that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe that would happen.
You do that faster than anyone else I know.
I told Tom that I thought he looked drunk.
Tom said I didn't sound as excited as he was.
You do that better than anyone else I know.
I told Tom that I thought I could do that.
Tom realized that he shouldn't be doing that.
You do that as often as you can, don't you?
I told Tom it was safe for him to do that.
Tom put the clothes into the washing machine.
You didn't really want to do that, did you?
I told Tom he didn't have time to do that.
Tom promised to donate three million dollars.
You didn't really need to do that, did you?
I thought you said you saw Tom doing that.
Tom promised that that'll never happen again.
You didn't really mean to do that, did you?
I thought Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom probably won't need to do that this week.
You didn't really have to do that, did you?
I thought Tom would be nervous doing that.
Tom probably won't have to do that this week.
You didn't have to do that either, did you?
I thought Tom would be frightened by that.
Tom probably won't figure out how to do that.
You did that for your children, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be doing that outside.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that anymore.
You did that earlier this week, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be doing that all day.
Tom probably doesn't know what he has to buy.
You decided to do that instead, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be at today's meeting.
Tom pretended that he didn't know the answer.
You could stay at our house if you want to.
I thought Tom wasn't being careful enough.
Tom practices singing up to nine hours a day.
You could spend your vacation in Australia.
I thought Tom was the last one to do that.
Tom practices basketball all day on weekends.
You can stay in Boston as long as you like.
I thought Tom was going to do that for me.
Tom played several tunes for us on the piano.
You can do that without my help, can't you?
I thought Tom no longer needed to do that.
Tom plants tomatoes in his garden every year.
You can do that faster than I can, I think.
I thought Tom might want to do that today.
Tom often reads when he's waiting for people.
You can do that better than I can, I think.
I thought Tom might need to do that today.
Tom often goes to Boston to visit his family.
You already know how to do that, don't you?
I thought Tom might have to do that today.
Tom must've been tired after working all day.
Wouldn't it be better if you did that here?
I thought Tom might be allowed to do that.
Tom might visit Boston on his way to Chicago.
Would you like to study in another country?
I thought Tom knew what needed to be done.
Tom might not be willing to buy that for you.
Would it be better to do that now or later?
I thought I'd be able to help Tom do that.
Tom might get arrested if he does that again.
Who's the most intelligent person you know?
I think you could convince Tom to do that.
Tom made up his mind to try doing that again.
Who told you I wouldn't be able to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed by that.
Tom loved doing that more than anything else.
Who makes the big decisions in your family?
I think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Tom looked like he was in a hurry to do that.
Who do you intend to travel to Boston with?
I think Tom would be motivated to do that.
Tom likely doesn't have the money to do that.
What were you doing yesterday at this time?
I think Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
Tom let me know that he was going to do that.
What were you doing last week at this time?
I think Tom won't be motivated to do that.
Tom knows he is supposed to do that tomorrow.
What did you do with the rest of the books?
I think Tom will come to Boston on Monday.
Tom knew he might need to do that by himself.
We've been waiting for you for a long time.
I think Tom will be doing that by himself.
Tom knew he might have to do that by himself.
We're fortunate that we're allowed to do that.
I think Tom will be busy tomorrow morning.
Tom just called me to tell me that he's lost.
We'll probably be able to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom will be able to do that today.
Tom isn't the kind of person who would panic.
We'd be lucky if we could actually do that.
I think Tom taught French a few years ago.
Tom isn't quite sure what he should be doing.
We won't be teaching French here next year.
I think Tom might be reluctant to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very impressed by that.
We should've stayed in Boston until Monday.
I think Tom is going to Boston next month.
Tom isn't coming back to Boston anytime soon.
We need to make a decision about that soon.
I think Tom has to be told not to do that.
Tom is trying to do what he's supposed to do.
We need to find a solution to that problem.
I think Tom does that at least once a day.
Tom is trying hard to do what has to be done.
We have to find a solution to that problem.
I think Tom could've done that on his own.
Tom is training one of his horses for a race.
We don't speak French outside of our house.
I think Tom could've done that by himself.
Tom is too young to go to the zoo by himself.
We don't have enough time to do that today.
I think Tom could do that if he wanted to.
Tom is too serious to do something like that.
We didn't have time to do things like this.
I think Tom could be doing that right now.
Tom is the only one who felt like doing that.
This time of year always has a lot of rain.
I think Tom could be a very rich man soon.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem worried.
This supermarket stays open until midnight.
I think Tom can help us do that next week.
Tom is the one who knows what should be done.
This is the factory where my brother works.
I think I heard Tom say that he'd do that.
Tom is the one who knows what has to be done.
This building has several empty apartments.
I suspect Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom is the one responsible for what happened.
They say it's very cold here in the winter.
I sure hope Tom goes to Boston next month.
Tom is the guy over there wearing sunglasses.
They probably don't know anything about it.
I shouldn't have kept Tom waiting so long.
Tom is the guy over there reading a magazine.
The only native French speaker here is you.
I should've let Tom go to Boston with you.
Tom is the best French teacher I've ever had.
The man carrying a briefcase seemed afraid.
I should've asked Tom if he could do that.
Tom is taller than any other boy in the room.
The little boy who gave me this seemed shy.
I should tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom is supposed to be doing his homework now.
The last three days have been really muggy.
I should probably tell Tom how to do that.
Tom is stronger than most people think he is.
The guy who cooked our dinner was very fat.
I should probably show Tom how to do that.
Tom is still the weakest singer in our choir.
The guy playing the saxophone seemed drunk.
I should probably not tell Tom to do that.
Tom is probably too depressed to do that now.
Please give me some money so I can do that.
I saw Tom doing that just a few hours ago.
Tom is one of the best-looking people I know.
Please ask to see if it's OK if we do that.
I really don't think Tom wants to do that.
Tom is likely to still be willing to do that.
My house was struck by lightning last week.
I really don't think Tom needs to do that.
Tom is likely to still be tempted to do that.
My father would never permit me to do that.
I only gave Tom thirty minutes to do that.
Tom is likely to still be fascinated by that.
My family moved to Boston when I was three.
I never thought Tom would want to do that.
Tom is likely to be the first one to do that.
My computer cost a lot more than yours did.
I never thought Tom would help us do that.
Tom is likely to be interested in doing that.
Most people here don't know how to do that.
I never thought I'd see Tom do that again.
Tom is likely to be hungry when he gets home.
Look what I found today at the supermarket.
I never expected Tom to refuse to do that.
Tom is likely to be hungry when he gets here.
Let's not get up so early tomorrow morning.
I need to remember to tell Tom to do that.
Tom is likely to be homeless by next October.
Let's get something to eat on the way home.
I live in Boston and Tom lives in Chicago.
Tom is fortunate to still be able to do that.
Just make sure you don't forget to do that.
I know why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is doing his best to get that done today.
It's difficult to find a job at the moment.
I know that you and Tom did that together.
Tom is determined to finish doing that today.
It'll probably be tough for you to do that.
I know that Tom doesn't like me very much.
Tom is apparently in the same boat as we are.
It'll probably be risky for you to do that.
I know Tom will have to do that next week.
Tom is already looking forward to doing that.
It'll probably be cheap for you to do that.
I know Tom probably won't want to do that.
Tom is actually a pretty good French speaker.
It wouldn't be a very good idea to do that.
I know Tom probably won't need to do that.
Tom injured himself when he tried to do that.
It would've been safer to do that together.
I knew that Tom didn't do that on purpose.
Tom hopes that everyone will enjoy his party.
It would likely to be good if you did that.
I knew Tom would likely refuse to do that.
Tom hasn't performed live since his accident.
It would be remarkable if we could do that.
I hope that Tom comes to my party tonight.
Tom hasn't done that as many times as I have.
It would be foolish to do that by yourself.
I hope Tom won't tell me I should do that.
Tom has tried many different ways to do that.
It would be fantastic if you could do that.
I hope Tom knows when he needs to do that.
Tom has told me that story many times before.
It would be better not to do that too much.
I hope Tom isn't the first one to do that.
Tom has told me he'll study French next year.
Is there any chance that you won't do that?
I hope Tom isn't interested in doing that.
Tom has probably already forgotten your name.
If you wanted me to do that again, I would.
I hope Tom is still awake when I get home.
Tom has one daughter and three grandchildren.
I've loved you since the first time we met.
I hope Tom is present at our next meeting.
Tom has known how to do that for a long time.
I've learned a lot in the last three years.
I hope Tom is finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom has just started learning how to do that.
I've invited a few friends over for dinner.
I hope Tom doesn't get embarrassed easily.
Tom has done that more than most people have.
I've done that more than I'd like to admit.
I have to remember to tell Tom to do that.
Tom has decided to give up trying to do that.
I'm too old to be doing this kind of thing.
I have a feeling that Tom never does that.
Tom has been in the hospital for thee months.
I'm the only one who knows how to fix this.
I happened to be on the same plane as Tom.
Tom has been doing that for a very long time.
I'm the only one who isn't able to do that.
I got tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
Tom has been asking me questions all morning.
I'm surprised that I don't have to do that.
I forgot to tell Tom why I didn't do that.
Tom has advised me to start doing that again.
I'm sure that this is some kind of mistake.
I figured Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom has a master's degree in music education.
I'm supposed to speak French in the office.
I expect that Tom is doing that right now.
Tom had trouble sleeping because of the pain.
I'm not sure that I really need to do that.
I doubt that Tom could do that by himself.
Tom had to do something he didn't want to do.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what I need.
I doubt if Tom will be through doing that.
Tom had no idea what he should've been doing.
I'm looking for a doctor who speaks French.
I doubt if Tom will be tempted to do that.
Tom got very sick and had to be hospitalized.
I'm going to have to do that all by myself.
I doubt if Tom will be at the beach today.
Tom got out of his truck and closed the door.
I'll do that tomorrow even if it's raining.
I doubt if Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom got a chance to try doing that last week.
I'd rather do that now before it gets dark.
I don't want to tell Tom how much I weigh.
Tom goes to Boston two or three times a year.
I wouldn't want to do that if it's illegal.
I don't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
Tom gave me exactly what I told him I needed.
I would've done that if I'd had the chance.
I don't want to go to the circus with Tom.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston next Monday.
I wonder if it's dangerous to do that here.
I don't want to go and Tom doesn't either.
Tom doesn't think we're ready to do that yet.
I won't go to Boston unless you go with me.
I don't want any of the stuff Tom gave me.
Tom doesn't think he's capable of doing that.
I wish we had the chance to try doing that.
I don't understand why Tom should do that.
Tom doesn't think he really needs to do that.
I wish I hadn't tried to do that by myself.
I don't understand why Tom has to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'll be allowed to do that.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
I don't think Tom would forget to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he needs to do.
I wasn't surprised that I couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom will do that by himself.
Tom doesn't seem to know about what happened.
I wasn't as hungry as I thought I would be.
I don't think Tom will be at school today.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I was told we weren't allowed to swim here.
I don't think Tom will be at home tonight.
Tom doesn't really want to do that right now.
I was forced to do that when I was younger.
I don't think Tom really wants to do that.
Tom doesn't really think I did that, does he?
I was annoyed by the smell of rotting fish.
I don't think Tom really plans to do that.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that, does he?
I was about to do that when the phone rang.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that.
Tom doesn't often have the chance to do that.
I was able to do that without any problems.
I don't think Tom really meant to do that.
Tom doesn't often complain about the weather.
I wanted to do that even more than you did.
I don't think Tom ought to have done that.
Tom doesn't make me laugh the way he used to.
I want to stay in Boston until next Monday.
I don't think Tom ought to do that inside.
Tom doesn't like what you're doing right now.
I want to see a doctor as soon as possible.
I don't think Tom is reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't like spending time in the garden.
I want to know why you're going to do that.
I don't think Tom is permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
I want to know why you didn't call me back.
I don't think Tom is motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
I want to know where you've hidden the key.
I don't think Tom is desperate to do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
I want to know when we're going to do that.
I don't think Tom is back from Boston yet.
Tom doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
I want to know how you're going to do that.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car.
Tom doesn't know a lot about classical music.
I want to buy a house in this neighborhood.
I don't think I should ask Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't have very many friends in Boston.
I want to buy a car, but I can't afford to.
I don't suppose Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have much experience in teaching.
I try to never make the same mistake twice.
I don't see why Tom would want to do that.
Tom doesn't have any friends here except you.
I thought you were still working in Boston.
I don't remember the first time I met Tom.
Tom doesn't have a choice. He has to do that.
I thought you said you'd do that on Monday.
I don't remember Tom asking me to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt his own ability to do that.
I thought you said you heard some gunshots.
I don't really think Tom wants to do that.
Tom died shortly after the ambulance arrived.
I thought you said you heard a dog barking.
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.
Tom died less than a week after the accident.
I thought a lot about how I should do that.
I don't really enjoy hanging out with Tom.
Tom didn't want to admit he couldn't do that.
I thought I'd forgotten to lock the door.
I don't need any of the stuff Tom gave me.
Tom didn't think we would be able to do that.
I thought I'd be able to do that yesterday.
I don't like the way Tom cooks vegetables.
Tom didn't tell me that he grew up in Boston.
I thought I'd be able to do that by myself.
I don't know why Tom went to the hospital.
Tom didn't seem to know what he needed to do.
I thought I could do that without any help.
I don't know why Tom wanted me to do that.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy reading comic books.
I though I'd never get a chance to do that.
I don't know why Tom is afraid to do that.
Tom didn't seem like he was enjoying himself.
I think you could've done that on your own.
I don't know who Tom went to the zoo with.
Tom didn't often do that when he was younger.
I think something strange is going on here.
I don't know whether Tom is sleepy or not.
Tom didn't know you were supposed to do that.
I think it's probably unethical to do that.
I don't know whether Tom is dead or alive.
Tom didn't know what he should've been doing.
I think it's probably not cheap to do that.
I don't know whether Tom can drive or not.
Tom didn't know that he had to do that today.
I think it's probably expensive to do that.
I don't know where Tom keeps his passport.
Tom didn't know it was impossible to do that.
I think it's probably dangerous to do that.
I don't know where Tom buys his groceries.
Tom didn't know how much money he would need.
I think it wouldn't be much fun to do that.
I don't know where Tom bought his bicycle.
Tom didn't know how much I wanted to do that.
I think it would be a good idea to do that.
I don't know when Tom is supposed to come.
Tom didn't know anything about what happened.
I think it might be interesting to do that.
I don't know what kind of music Tom likes.
Tom didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that.
I think I'm the only one who can't do that.
I don't know what Tom would like me to do.
Tom didn't do that because he didn't want to.
I still haven't learned how to drive a car.
I don't know how much money Tom has spent.
Tom didn't do everything we wanted him to do.
I don't care about what Tom says about me.
Tom did that for the first time this morning.
I still have a lot of things I want to buy.
I don't believe Tom really has to do that.
Tom devoted a lot of time to studying French.
I still have a lot of things I need to buy.
I do basically the same thing as Tom does.
Tom decided I was the one who should do that.
I still have a lot of things I have to buy.
I didn't warn Tom about what might happen.
Tom cut his finger when he was opening a can.
I still have a couple of books you lent me.
I didn't want to go to the dance with Tom.
Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I should've waited until Monday to do that.
I didn't want to go and Tom didn't either.
Tom could get arrested if he does that again.
I should've stayed in Boston, but I didn't.
I didn't want Tom to know what I had done.
Tom could be supportive when he wanted to be.
I should've stayed and helped you clean up.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with me.
Tom clapped his hands and the light went out.
I should've known that you'd be here today.
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me.
Tom chose to go to Boston instead of Chicago.
I should've discussed that with my parents.
I didn't think Tom would still be at home.
Tom came to visit us with his new girlfriend.
I should've been able to do that on my own.
I didn't think Tom would leave without me.
Tom came home from school earlier than usual.
I should probably not have done that again.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy that movie.
Tom called his wife to tell her he'd be late.
I should be ready by the time you get here.
I didn't think Tom would come to my party.
Tom began writing songs when he was thirteen.
I should be able to do that in three hours.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office.
Tom asked me why I did that the way I did it.
I see no need to stay in Boston any longer.
I didn't think Tom was violating any laws.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that with him.
I probably won't come to Boston this month.
I didn't think Tom was through doing that.
Tom asked if it would be safe if he did that.
I probably should've been more cooperative.
I didn't think Tom was nervous doing that.
Tom and his wife have adopted three children.
I plan on staying in Boston for three days.
I didn't think Tom was doing that anymore.
Tom and I've known each other for many years.
I need to go to the bank to get some money.
I didn't think Tom had to do that anymore.
Tom and I've decided not to do that together.
I need three volunteers to help me do that.
I didn't tell Tom why he had to work late.
Tom and I'll be in the lobby waiting for you.
I looked around, but I didn't see anything.
I didn't tell Tom why I wanted to do that.
Tom and I'll apparently be on the same train.
I know we'll be able to do that eventually.
I didn't tell Tom why I needed to do that.
Tom and I were working together at that time.
I know someone who might lend you a guitar.
I didn't tell Tom why I needed more money.
Tom and I were seated across from each other.
I know a good store with reasonable prices.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to go.
Tom and I were completely alone on the beach.
I know I'm probably going to lose the race.
I didn't tell Tom that you were an ex-con.
Tom and I were always together in those days.
I know I won't be allowed to do that again.
I didn't tell Tom that you were a drummer.
Tom and I went fishing together last weekend.
I know I don't have enough time to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I wanted to quit my job.
Tom and I wanted to go to the dance together.
I just found out that you can speak French.
I didn't tell Tom I couldn't speak French.
Tom and I want to buy a house on Park Street.
I hope we'll be able to do that eventually.
I didn't realize that Tom was lying to me.
Tom and I usually eat lunch in the cafeteria.
I hope I have the chance to try doing that.
I didn't like the way Tom treated his dog.
Tom and I traveled together for three months.
I haven't yet done what you asked me to do.
I didn't like the spaghetti that Tom made.
Tom and I traveled around Australia together.
I haven't yet done everything I need to do.
I didn't like the answer that Tom gave me.
Tom and I talked for at least thirty minutes.
I haven't yet done everything I have to do.
I didn't know which train Tom would be on.
Tom and I take the same bus home from school.
I haven't been on a picnic for a long time.
I didn't know whether Tom was safe or not.
Tom and I haven't known each other very long.
I gave up trying to do that many years ago.
I didn't know whether Tom was busy or not.
Tom and I graduated from the same university.
I don't yet know exactly what I need to do.
I didn't know where to put Tom's suitcase.
Tom and I go to church together every Sunday.
I don't yet know exactly what I have to do.
I didn't know when Tom had come to Boston.
Tom and I flew to Boston last month together.
I don't want to talk about what's happened.
I didn't know what to do when Tom fainted.
Tom and I fight with each other all the time.
I don't want to talk about my private life.
I didn't know what Tom was supposed to do.
Tom and I each took a swig out of the bottle.
I don't want to spend that much for a meal.
I didn't know what Tom was planning to do.
Tom and I don't live too far from each other.
I don't want to do anything that's illegal.
I didn't know the reason why Tom was late.
Tom and I don't like the same kind of movies.
I don't want to be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that you were Tom's brother.
Tom and I don't know what we need to do next.
I don't want the same thing to happen here.
I didn't know that Tom was looking for me.
Tom and I don't know what we have to do next.
I don't understand why I shouldn't do that.
I didn't know that Tom had three children.
Tom and I didn't have anything to talk about.
I don't think you'll be allowed to do that.
I didn't know if Tom would do that or not.
Tom and I arrived in Boston at the same time.
I don't think they'll permit me to do that.
I didn't know if Tom could do that or not.
Tom and I are thinking about getting married.
I don't think it's wise for you to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom and I are taking a break from each other.
I don't think it would be wrong to do that.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom and I are married, but not to each other.
I don't think it would be risky to do that.
I didn't know Tom had been married before.
Tom and I almost got married three years ago.
I don't think it would be cheap to do that.
I didn't have Tom's permission to do that.
Tom almost went to Boston instead of Chicago.
I don't think I'm going to do that anymore.
I didn't expect Tom to be at school today.
Tom almost injured himself trying to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be able to do that.
I didn't drink the wine Tom poured for me.
Tom aid there was no need for you to do that.
I don't think I'll be permitted to do that.
I didn't care whether Tom liked me or not.
Tom's three sons are still living in Boston.
I don't spend enough time with my children.
I didn't call Tom like I promised I would.
Tom writes something in his diary every day.
I don't really like Italian food very much.
I can't speak French and Tom can't either.
Tom would often do that when he was younger.
I don't really feel like playing badminton.
I can't remember when Tom moved to Boston.
Tom would never forgive you if you did that.
I don't often do my homework before dinner.
I bought this car from Tom just last week.
Tom would never do that when he was younger.
I don't need to worry about that happening.
I already know what Tom is planning to do.
Tom won't permit you to continue doing that.
I don't need to do that if I don't want to.
How many years did it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't likely be the next one to do that.
I don't know why I was supposed to do that.
Tom won't likely be the last one to do that.
I don't know who can do that and who can't.
How many weeks did it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't likely be forgiven for doing that.
I don't know what this is called in French.
Tom won't likely be finished doing that yet.
I don't know how much the ticket will cost.
How many times did Tom call you yesterday?
Tom won't likely be excused from doing that.
I don't know exactly what needs to be done.
How many loaves of bread did you give Tom?
Tom won't likely be enthusiastic about that.
I don't know as many people here as you do.
How many hours did it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't likely be alone on a Friday night.
I don't have to worry about that happening.
Tom won't be teaching French here next year.
I don't have to do that if I don't want to.
How many days will it take Tom to do that?
Tom won't be able to keep up with his class.
I don't have time to talk to you right now.
How long has Tom already spent doing that?
Tom won't be able to do anything by himself.
I don't have the skill required to do that.
How long did it take Tom to get to Boston?
Tom won't be able to answer their questions.
I don't have the courage to go there alone.
How did you know Tom was going to be here?
Tom will probably get fined if he does that.
I don't have anything else to do right now.
Has Tom decided to do that again tomorrow?
Tom will probably figure out how to do that.
I don't have any money, so I won't do that.
Even though it's Monday, Tom will do that.
Tom will likely have a hard time doing that.
I don't believe you really want to do that.
Do you think Tom is determined to do that?
Tom will likely be very hesitant to do that.
I don't believe you really need to do that.
Do you think Tom can do that without help?
Tom will likely be the first one to do that.
I don't believe you really have to do that.
Do you suppose that man over there is Tom?
Tom will likely be sarcastic. He usually is.
I don't allow my children to eat junk food.
Do you know whether Tom is doing that now?
Tom will likely be interested in doing that.
I didn't want to think about the situation.
Do you know the reason why Tom was crying?
Tom will likely be hungry when he gets home.
I didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Do you have any idea what Tom wants to do?
Tom will likely be homeless by next October.
I didn't want to do that without some help.
Do you have any idea what Tom needs to do?
Tom will likely be concerned about the cost.
I didn't want my neighbors to see me naked.
Do you ever see Tom when you're in Boston?
Tom will go to Boston on business next week.
I didn't think you'd be worried about that.
Didn't you know that Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom will do that whether you like it or not.
I didn't think you'd be nervous doing that.
Didn't you know that Tom is in Boston now?
Tom will definitely get a chance to do that.
I didn't think you'd be at today's meeting.
Didn't you know that Tom is afraid of you?
Tom will be the only one allowed to do that.
I didn't think you were through doing that.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't having any fun?
Tom will be leaving for Australia next week.
I didn't think you were doing that anymore.
Didn't you know Tom was going to be there?
Tom went to the bookstore to buy some books.
I didn't think the rain would last so long.
Didn't you know Tom was going to be fired?
Tom wears a kilt when he plays the bagpipes.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was coming here today?
Tom wasn't very difficult to get along with.
I didn't think I would be bored, but I was.
Didn't you know Tom had more than one car?
Tom wasn't very amused by what was going on.
I didn't tell anyone where I hid the money.
Didn't you know Tom couldn't speak French?
Tom wasn't the only one who failed the test.
I didn't stay as long as I thought I would.
Did you tell Tom what time he should come?
Tom wasn't the one who gave me this trumpet.
I didn't really think I'd enjoy doing that.
Did you know what to do when Tom did that?
Tom wasn't the one who ate all of ice cream.
I didn't really feel like doing that today.
Did you know Tom was going to be arrested?
Tom wasn't expecting you to do that for him.
I didn't make any mistakes on today's test.
Did you know Tom used to enjoy doing that?
Tom wasn't convinced that he had to do that.
I didn't learn to drive until I was thirty.
Did you know Tom has spent time in prison?
Tom wasn't able to move the desk by himself.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that.
Did you know Tom has a hat just like that?
Tom was unconscious when the medics arrived.
I didn't know you were planning to do that.
Did you help Tom while you were in Boston?
Tom was trying to ignore what was happening.
I didn't know you were allergic to walnuts.
Both of Tom's brothers have been arrested.
Tom was the only one who enjoyed doing that.
I didn't know you used to enjoy doing that.
All three of Tom's brothers are in prison.
Tom was surprised when his plan didn't work.
I didn't know whether I was right or wrong.
"Who's that letter from?" "It's from Tom."
Tom was one of the best players on our team.
I didn't know whether I could do it or not.
You're one of Tom's students, aren't you?
Tom was convinced that he needed to do that.
I didn't know what to do in that situation.
You'll ask Tom not to do that, won't you?
Tom was already asleep that when I got here.
I didn't know that what I'd done was wrong.
You'd better write Tom a letter, I think.
Tom wants to be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know how to cope with the problem.
You weren't supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom usually stays at a hotel on Park Street.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that.
You told Tom that I did that, didn't you?
Tom told us that we need to be more careful.
I didn't kiss my wife goodbye this morning.
You told Tom I could do that, didn't you?
Tom told us that there was no need to hurry.
I didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
You shouldn't have done that without Tom.
Tom told me that he's determined to do that.
I didn't have enough money to pay the bill.
You should tell Tom not to do that today.
Tom told me that he'd be willing to do that.
I didn't go to sleep until 2:30 last night.
You should tell Tom not to do that again.
Tom told me that I'm always too pessimistic.
I didn't get off the bus where I should've.
You need to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom told me that I should go back to Boston.
I didn't get home until way after midnight.
You look even more nervous than Tom does.
Tom told me he's still not fluent in French.
I didn't get along with the other students.
You like the way Tom did that, don't you?
Tom told me he's not going to do that again.
I didn't expect to get paid for doing that.
You hope that Tom can do that, don't you?
Tom told me he'd wait until 2:30 to do that.
I didn't do everything you wanted me to do.
You have to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom told me he won't be in Boston next week.
I didn't arrive until the meeting was over.
You have to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom told me he already has plans for Monday.
I didn't arrive until the concert was over.
You don't think Tom will do that, do you?
Tom thought you wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't anticipate that this would happen.
You don't need to know how Tom does that.
Tom thinks that we won't be able to do that.
I didn't anticipate that that would happen.
You do that so much better than Tom does.
Tom thinks that doing that isn't a bad idea.
I did that the same way everybody else did.
You could've excused Tom from doing that.
Tom thinks some of his friends will do that.
I can't tell you the reason why I did that.
You can do that even better than Tom can.
Tom thinks he's the best actor in the world.
I can't remember who I lent my umbrella to.
You and I are the only people Tom trusts.
Tom sure has managed to make a lot of money.
I can't remember where I put my sunglasses.
Will Tom really stay in Boston all month?
Tom studies much harder now than he used to.
I can't do that now because I'm very tired.
Will Tom really be doing that by himself?
Tom still speaks French, but not very often.
I can't do that as well as most people can.
Will Tom come to Boston for Thanksgiving?
Tom still has a lot of things he has to buy.
I can't believe you really need to do that.
Why don't you get Tom to do that for you?
Tom still goes to Boston a few times a year.
I can't believe you really have to do that.
Who told you Tom could understand French?
Tom starts his job at 2:30 in the afternoon.
I can stay in Boston for about three weeks.
When's Tom coming back from his vacation?
Tom started working here in October of 2013.
I already know the answer to that question.
When I saw Tom, I recognized him at once.
Tom started doing that when he was thirteen.
I almost have enough time to do that today.
What time does Tom do that every morning?
Tom spent the morning reading the newspaper.
I advise you to do that as soon as you can.
Weren't you supposed to do that with Tom?
Tom spends most of his free time doing that.
How many weeks will it take you to do that?
Were you able to persuade Tom to do that?
Tom spends his free time playing the guitar.
How many months will it take us to do that?
We'll probably go to Boston in Tom's car.
Tom sounds like a pretty interesting person.
How many months did it take you to do that?
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that yesterday?
Tom sometimes help me with my math homework.
How many months did it take you to do that.
Wasn't Tom supposed to do that on Monday?
Tom slipped when he was crossing the street.
How many hours will it take you to do that?
This is the third time Tom has done that.
Tom shouldn't have permitted you to do that.
How many hot dogs did you eat last weekend?
There's no way Tom would want to do that.
Tom should've visited Boston, but he didn't.
How long have you already spent doing that?
There's no telling when Tom will do that.
Tom should've parked his car somewhere else.
How far is it to the post office from here?
There are times when Tom doesn't do that.
Tom should've done that before he went home.
Everything's back to the way it used to be.
The question is whether Tom will do that.
Tom should've come to the meeting yesterday.
Don't forget to tell Mary to do that today.
The person I usually do that with is Tom.
Tom should've been the first one to do that.
Doing that will be more fun than you think.
The explanation Tom gave was interesting.
Tom should've been more curious than he was.
Do you want me to help you clean your room?
The cut on Tom's leg has gotten infected.
Tom should've been interested in doing that.
Do you think you'd be miserable doing that?
Tell Tom he needs to do that before 2:30.
Tom should've been OK doing that by himself.
Do you think we'll be permitted to do that?
Please tell Tom to close all the windows.
Tom should be very hungry when he gets home.
Do you think it's safe to drink this water?
Please tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Tom shielded his eyes from the bright light.
Do you think doing that would be dangerous?
Please tell Tom he ought to do that soon.
Tom seldom does his homework in the kitchen.
Do you really think it's unsafe to do that?
Please tell Tom he needs to wear goggles.
Tom seems to be reluctant to do that for us.
Do you really think it's stupid to do that?
Most likely Tom won't be able to do that.
Tom seemed to be aware of what was going on.
Do you know anyone who has gotten divorced?
Maybe Tom will come to Boston in October.
Tom seemed to be aware of what he had to do.
Do you have any idea what needs to be done?
Maybe Tom doesn't know much about Boston.
Tom seemed convinced that he had to do that.
Do you have any friends who don't eat rice?
Maybe Tom doesn't know anything about it.
Tom seemed a little busier today than usual.
Didn't you know you didn't need to do that?
Maybe I should ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom says that he'll teach French to my kids.
Didn't you know you didn't have to do that?
It's almost noon and Tom is still in bed.
Tom says he's always wanted to study French.
Didn't you know what you were getting into?
It would be dangerous for Tom to do that.
Tom says he'd rather not do that by himself.
Didn't you know it was possible to do that?
It took Tom about three hours to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's possible to do that.
Did you buy that painting we saw yesterday?
It sounds like Tom might want to do that.
Tom says he thinks he'll be able to do that.
Can you take care of my dog while I'm away?
It sounds like Tom might need to do that.
Tom says he needs to find someplace to live.
Am I the only one who knows how to do that?
It sounds like Tom might have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't really know where to go.
About how many times a week do you do that?
It seems like Tom enjoys being miserable.
Tom says he doesn't really know what to buy.
"Do I have to do that?" "Yes, you have to."
It looks like Tom won't be here tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't intend to do that again.
Your French pronunciation isn't very good.
It looks as if Tom has already done that.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that anymore.
You're the only person I can really trust.
Is there any chance Tom is in Boston now?
Tom says he can already do that fairly well.
You're the only one who's able to do that.
Is Tom the only one who wants to do that?
Tom sat in his armchair, reading a magazine.
You're one of the stingiest people I know.
Is Tom the only one who needs to do that?
Tom said you're better at French than he is.
You're not the only one who can't do that.
I've been asked not to tell Tom anything.
Tom said you wanted to go to Boston with us.
You're about ready to do that, aren't you?
I'm the person who gave Tom that bicycle.
Tom said the smell didn't bother him at all.
You're a straightA student, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom said that wasn't the reason he did that.
You'll have a really hard time doing that.
I'm sure Tom won't be tempted to do that.
Tom said that probably won't happen anymore.
You'll do that sooner or later, won't you?
I'm sure Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom said not doing that was never an option.
You'll definitely get a chance to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be punished.
Tom said no cars passed him on his way here.
You'll be the only one allowed to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be arrested.
Tom said last night's concert was enjoyable.
You'll be doing that on Monday, won't you?
I'm pretty sure Tom won't try to do that.
Tom said it wasn't likely to happen anymore.
You'd have to be pretty stupid to do that.
I'm not the one who asked Tom to do that.
Tom said his schedule would probably change.
You won't have to do that again, will you?
I'm not sure that's what Tom wants to do.
Tom said his parents have never spanked him.
You won't be permitted to do that anymore.
I'm not sure that's what Tom needs to do.
Tom said his house was damaged in the storm.
You won't be able to do that without help.
I'm not going to show Tom how to do that.
Tom said his father told him not to do that.
You weren't supposed to do that, were you?
I'm glad that Tom learned how to do that.
Tom said he's ready to do whatever it takes.
You were the one who did that weren't you?
I'm almost certain that Tom will do that.
Tom said he's looking forward to doing that.
You were planning to do that, weren't you?
I'll probably do that on Monday with Tom.
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that.
You were in Boston last week, weren't you?
I'll do that with Tom tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he's been trying to be cooperative.
You were drinking last night, weren't you?
I'd hoped Tom could learn how to do that.
Tom said he's been told not do that anymore.
You think I'll do that for you, don't you?
I'd be very disappointed if Tom did that.
Tom said he'll be in his office all morning.
You think I could've done that, don't you?
I write to Tom two or three times a week.
Tom said he'd like to continue working here.
You still haven't done that yet, have you?
I wouldn't do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom said he'd be back the Monday after next.
You still do that every summer, don't you?
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
You still do that every Monday, don't you?
I wonder why Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to help us anymore.
You should've been able to do that easily.
I wonder why Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom said he was willing to do that tomorrow.
You should be finished doing that by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he was too tired to go any further.
You should be able to do that on your own.
I wonder whether Tom did that last night.
Tom said he was too out of shape to do that.
You seemed to be very hesitant to do that.
I wonder what'll happen if Tom does that.
Tom said he was told not to do that anymore.
You seem to be surprised by what happened.
I wonder if Tom would be able to do that.
Tom said he was looking for a job in Boston.
You promised you wouldn't do that anymore.
I wish I hadn't permitted Tom to do that.
Tom said he was just about ready to do that.
You need to stay here and help me do that.
I wish I hadn't convinced Tom to do that.
Tom said he was going to do that by himself.
You must be very careful when you do that.
I wish I hadn't been late to Tom's party.
Tom said he wanted to buy something cheaper.
You look like you've lost a lot of weight.
I wasn't able to convince Tom to do that.
Tom said he thought that would never happen.
You look like you're really concentrating.
I was going to ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help us.
You look almost exactly like your brother.
I want to know what Tom did last weekend.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to do that.
You know why I need to do that, don't you?
I want to give Tom the chance to do that.
Tom said he thought he could do that for me.
You know why I have to do that, don't you?
I tried not to keep Tom waiting too long.
Tom said he thought doing that would be fun.
You knew that I could do that, didn't you?
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston.
Tom said he still had a lot of things to do.
You knew I'd agree to do that, didn't you?
I told Tom that I didn't need to do that.
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that today.
You hope I never do that again, don't you?
I told Tom that I didn't know what to do.
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that again.
You haven't done that this year, have you?
I told Tom that I didn't have to do that.
Tom said he hoped he didn't need to do that.
You don't want to do that tonight, do you?
I told Tom I didn't have time to do that.
Tom said he hoped he didn't have to do that.
You don't want to do that anymore, do you?
I thought you said you'd do that for Tom.
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.
You don't think we should do that, do you?
I thought Tom wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he hadn't done that in three years.
You don't think we did that right, do you?
I thought Tom wasn't at home last Monday.
Tom said he had something going on tomorrow.
You don't think I need to do that, do you?
I thought Tom was going to do that today.
Tom said he figured he'd be able to do that.
You don't seem to be in a good mood today.
I thought Tom was going to be happy here.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that anymore.
You don't really think I did that, do you?
I thought Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think he has to do that.
You don't really like Korean food, do you?
I thought I'd be able to do that for Tom.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that for you.
You don't really enjoy doing that, do you?
I think that Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to work as a waiter.
You don't need to do that anymore, do you?
I think Tom would like to live in Boston.
Tom said he didn't want to make you do that.
You don't like it when we do that, do you?
I think Tom would like to be cooperative.
Tom said he didn't want to borrow any money.
You don't know how much I want to do that.
I think Tom would be upset if I did that.
Tom said he didn't need any more volunteers.
You don't intend to do that again, do you?
I think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who he should trust.
You don't have to stay if I don't want to.
I think Tom won't be in Boston very long.
Tom said he didn't know anything about that.
You don't have to do that, but you should.
I think Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he didn't intend to break the vase.
You don't have to do that anymore, do you?
I think Tom will be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he didn't have any books in French.
You don't have to be a student to do that.
I think Tom will be motivated to do that.
Tom said he did that as quickly as he could.
You don't have enough time to do that now.
I think Tom will be doing that on Monday.
Tom said he couldn't see himself doing that.
You didn't think I would do that, did you?
I think Tom will be desperate to do that.
Tom said he couldn't afford to see a doctor.
You didn't think I could do that, did you?
I think Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
Tom said doing that has made him very happy.
You didn't look like you were embarrassed.
I think Tom might visit Boston next week.
Tom said I shouldn't have bought this house.
You didn't look like you were discouraged.
I think Tom is amused by what's going on.
Tom said Boston was warmer than he expected.
You didn't know I had to do that, did you?
I think Tom has some relatives in Boston.
Tom said Boston was hotter than he expected.
You didn't do that intentionally, did you?
I think Tom did that, but I may be wrong.
Tom said Boston was cooler than he expected.
You didn't do that for very long, did you?
I think I'll be able to help Tom do that.
Tom said Boston was colder than he expected.
You did that three months ago, didn't you?
I think I'd better go to Boston with Tom.
Tom refused my help and did that on his own.
You did that even better than we expected.
I think I know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom recommends that you not do that anymore.
You did that about as well as we expected.
I think I know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom recommends that you don't do that again.
You could do that if you really wanted to.
I still haven't talked to Tom about that.
Tom ran away from home when he was thirteen.
You can't speak French very well, can you?
I shouldn't tell Tom about what happened.
Tom promised us he wouldn't do that anymore.
You can study in my office if you want to.
I should've told Tom not to go to Boston.
Tom promised that he wouldn't drink anymore.
You can always try doing that by yourself.
I should've told Tom about what happened.
Tom promised that he wouldn't do that again.
You always do that by yourself, don't you?
I should've helped Tom with his homework.
Tom promised that he wouldn't be late again.
You already know what happened, don't you?
I should've given Tom a birthday present.
Tom promised me that everything would be OK.
Would you like for me to buy that for you?
I should tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom promised me he'd do that, but he didn't.
Will you really be doing that by yourself?
I should tell Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom probably won't want to do that tomorrow.
Why do you think basketball is so popular?
I reminded Tom that he needed to do that.
Tom probably won't do what he says he'll do.
Why are you sitting there all by yourself?
I really should go to Boston to help Tom.
Tom probably won't comment on the situation.
Who's going to buy the food for the party?
I promised Tom that I'd do that with him.
Tom probably won't be able to do that today.
Who do you think we should ask to help us?
I often stay with Tom when I'm in Boston.
Tom probably isn't interested in doing that.
Which one of your children went to Boston?
I know you'd never permit Tom to do that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know what happened.
When was the last time you were this busy?
I know why Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why that happened.
When was the last time you mowed the lawn?
I know that Tom is determined to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know much about sports.
What's the longest trip you've ever taken?
I know that Tom has spent time in prison.
Tom probably doesn't know he should do that.
What made you think I'd refuse to do that?
I know Tom will probably want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about it.
What else would you like to see in Boston?
I know Tom will probably need to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know a lot about birds.
Weren't you supposed to do that yesterday?
I know Tom will probably have to do that.
Tom only bakes three loaves of bread a week.
We're likely to be about three hours late.
I knew that Tom was doing that yesterday.
Tom once owned a summer home near the beach.
We probably won't have to do that anymore.
I knew Tom would likely agree to do that.
Tom often plays basketball with his friends.
We only have three hours to get this done.
I knew Tom would do that sooner or later.
Tom often goes to the library to read books.
We need to put new locks on all the doors.
I hope Tom knows why he needs to do that.
Tom often complains about pain in his lungs.
We may stay in Boston for a few more days.
I hope Tom isn't the next one to do that.
Tom needs to do that more quickly next time.
We have to put new locks on all the doors.
I hope Tom isn't the last one to do that.
Tom needs to be here again tomorrow at 2:30.
We had to study French at our high school.
I hope Tom isn't forgiven for doing that.
Tom needs to be finished doing that by 2:30.
This will only take a minute of your time.
I hope Tom isn't excused from doing that.
Tom must've sensed this was going to happen.
This shirt doesn't have a price tag on it.
I hope Tom is willing to do that with me.
Tom moved to Boston soon after he graduated.
This area is famous for its sandy beaches.
I hope Tom doesn't say he has to do that.
Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
There's someone else doing that right now.
I helped Tom decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom looked worried when I said I was scared.
There's only one more thing we need to do.
I haven't yet told Tom what I want to do.
Tom lives on an island in the South Pacific.
There's only one more thing we have to do.
I haven't told Tom why I want to do that.
Tom learned not to do that from his parents.
There's nothing I can do about that today.
I haven't told Tom why I need to do that.
Tom knows how important doing that is to me.
There's no way I'm going to do that today.
I haven't told Tom why I have to do that.
Tom knew how important doing that was to me.
There's no chance of that happening today.
I have no idea why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to promise to do that.
There were only three flowers in the vase.
I have no idea why Tom needed to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who wants to do that.
There was nothing you could do about that.
I have a feeling that Tom has to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who needs to do that.
There are a lot of wild ducks around here.
I forgot I promised Tom that I'd do that.
Tom isn't likely to be fired for doing that.
The movie was much better than I expected.
I don't want to help Tom do that anymore.
Tom isn't likely to be charged with perjury.
The man sitting at the counter seemed sad.
I don't want to go to the dance with Tom.
Tom isn't likely be arrested for doing that.
That was a very innovative way to do that.
I don't want Tom to know what's happened.
Tom isn't going to be very happy to do that.
That man left before I could get his name.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston with me.
Tom isn't going to be very happy about that.
Thanks for reminding me about the meeting.
I don't think Tom would still be nervous.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that today.
Since it's raining, I won't do that today.
I don't think Tom would still be jealous.
Tom is very busy getting ready for his trip.
Please show me the easiest way to do that.
I don't think Tom will forget to do that.
Tom is unlikely to do what he says he'll do.
Please remind me to pay the rent tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wants to do that again.
Tom is too lazy to ever consider doing that.
Please measure the length of the mattress.
I don't think Tom should do that outside.
Tom is too lazy to even consider doing that.
Please don't do that unless I tell you to.
I don't think Tom should do that anymore.
Tom is too classy to do something like that.
Only a few people did that here yesterday.
I don't think Tom ought to do that again.
Tom is the only one who volunteered to help.
Nobody knows what'll happen in the future.
I don't think Tom is prepared to do that.
Tom is the only one here allowed to do that.
No matter what happens, I want to do that.
I don't think Tom is finished doing that.
Tom is the one who should've gone to Boston.
My wife and I both have driver's licenses.
I don't think Tom has to do that anymore.
Tom is the fastest runner on our track team.
My mother told me that I should come home.
I don't think Tom expected me to do that.
Tom is staying in a motel not far from here.
My mother is three years older than yours.
I don't think Tom did that intentionally.
Tom is safe now and that's all that matters.
My lawyer told me it was legal to do that.
I don't think Tom can do that by himself.
Tom is probably going to be able to do that.
My friend is going to become an architect.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom do that.
Tom is playing basketball with some friends.
My dog sleeps on the floor next to my bed.
All loves are eternal. What changes is the person.
I don't think I want to do that with Tom.
Tom is partly responsible for what happened.
My dog barks if someone comes to the door.
I don't remember where Tom told me to go.
Tom is one of the friendliest people I know.
My doctor says I don't drink enough water.
I don't remember the last time I saw Tom.
Tom is likely to still be irritated by that.
My doctor advised me to get more exercise.
I don't need any of the stuff I gave Tom.
Tom is likely to still be afraid to do that.
My brothers and sisters are still at home.
I don't need Tom's permission to do that.
Tom is likely to feel like doing that today.
My blood pressure has been lower recently.
I don't like the way Tom plays the drums.
Tom is likely to be the next one to do that.
Men and women usually do that differently.
I don't like the way Tom makes spaghetti.
Tom is likely to be the last one to do that.
Many of the fish in my aquarium have died.
I don't like cats and Tom doesn't either.
Tom is likely to be forgiven for doing that.
Let's find a good place to pitch our tent.
I don't like beef and Tom doesn't either.
Tom is likely to be excused from doing that.
Landscaping is my profession and my hobby.
I don't know why Tom should've done that.
Tom is hoping that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
It's not safe to drink the tap water here.
I don't know why Tom asked me to do that.
Tom is having a really hard time doing that.
It's illegal to do that in many countries.
I don't know who Tom is going to talk to.
Tom is going to be questioned by the police.
It's already time for us to do that again.
I don't know whether Tom likes me or not.
Tom is going out to buy some things we need.
It's almost time for the meeting to start.
I don't know whether Tom is tired or not.
Tom is an incredibly talented ballet dancer.
It's Monday that you're leaving, isn't it?
I don't know whether Tom did that or not.
Tom is able to do that with his eyes closed.
It'll probably be safe for you to do that.
I don't know whether Tom can swim or not.
Tom is a licensed, health-care professional.
It'll probably be easy for you to do that.
I don't know where Tom put his suitcases.
Tom insisted he wasn't the one who did that.
It'll be easier to do that than you think.
I don't know where Tom is planning to go.
Tom injured himself while trying to do that.
It would be very irresponsible to do that.
I don't know what kind of food Tom likes.
Tom hung the wet clothes on the clothesline.
It would be unsafe to do that by yourself.
I don't know what Tom thinks I should do.
Tom hung his wet clothes on the clothesline.
It would be stupid to do that by yourself.
I don't know the reason why Tom was late.
Tom hoped he wouldn't miss any more classes.
It would be interesting to try doing that.
I don't know anything about Tom's family.
Tom hasn't told us what he's supposed to do.
It would be fantastic if we could do that.
I don't have Tom's permission to do that.
Tom hasn't taken a shower since last Monday.
It would be disappointing if you did that.
I don't care who Tom goes to Boston with.
Tom hasn't done as much as you think he has.
It would be a terrible mistake to do that.
I don't care what kind of car Tom drives.
Tom has written several books on volleyball.
It was your children who were misbehaving.
I don't care what Tom does or doesn't do.
Tom has vowed that he won't do that anymore.
It was very kind of you to do that for us.
I don't care anymore what happens to Tom.
Tom has to be gone by the time we get there.
It was very considerate of you to do that.
I don't believe Tom would really do that.
Tom has survived three attempts on his life.
It took us years to complete that project.
I didn't warn Tom that this might happen.
Tom has run this restaurant for three years.
It should've been a lot easier to do that.
I didn't want to tell Tom where I'd been.
Tom has played the trombone for a few years.
It rained every day while I was in Boston.
I didn't want to show Tom how to do that.
Tom has planted roses in front of his house.
It probably won't be expensive to do that.
I didn't want to share my lunch with Tom.
Tom has managed to do that without any help.
It probably won't be dangerous to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to swim.
Tom has hardly studied at all this semester.
It isn't going to be very easy to do that.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that.
Tom has had plenty of time to get that done.
Is there a clock on your dining room wall?
I didn't think Tom would need to do that.
Tom has done everything we wanted him to do.
If you won't come to me, I'll come to you.
I didn't think Tom would like to do that.
Tom has been working for us for a long time.
If you don't me to do that again, I won't.
I didn't think Tom would like my friends.
Tom has been told to do that more than once.
If you do that every day, you'll get sick.
I didn't think Tom would let you do that.
Tom has been told that he needs to pay more.
If we had done that, it would've been fun.
I didn't think Tom would have to do that.
Tom has been told not to do that by himself.
If it's raining tomorrow, I won't do that.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy our party.
Tom has been listening to the radio all day.
I've tried many different ways to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be that unlucky.
Tom has been in the garden planting flowers.
I've only lived in Boston for three years.
I didn't think Tom would be here so soon.
Tom has been in his room listening to music.
I've only been doing this for three hours.
I didn't think Tom would be back so soon.
Tom has been in Boston visiting his parents.
I've only been a widower for three months.
I didn't think Tom was interested in art.
Tom has been here for just over three years.
I've never been criticized for doing that.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that.
Tom has been getting a lot of the attention.
I've been playing chess since I was a kid.
I didn't tell Tom why I'd gone to Boston.
Tom has been doing that for three years now.
I've been having fun hanging out with you.
I didn't tell Tom why I had to work late.
Tom has been arrested three times this year.
I've already visited Boston several times.
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.
Tom has been advised to go on a strict diet.
I'm too smart to do something that stupid.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to know.
Tom has been accused of premeditated murder.
I'm the only one who knows how to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that this might happen.
Tom has asked me to show you how to do that.
I'm the only one who didn't pass the test.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't like him.
Tom had three daughters who became teachers.
I'm the only one here not able to do that.
I didn't realize Tom knew how to do that.
Tom had a second helping of mashed potatoes.
I'm the one responsible for what happened.
I didn't notice Tom hiding in the bushes.
Tom got very sick and has been hospitalized.
I'm really glad I wasn't asked to do that.
I didn't like Tom then and I still don't.
Tom goes to the hospital three times a week.
I'm not the only one who wants to do that.
I didn't know why Tom refused to do that.
Tom fell in love with a woman twice his age.
I'm not the only one who needs to do that.
I didn't know when Tom would be arriving.
Tom explained why he wasn't able to do that.
I'm not the only one permitted to do that.
I didn't know that you were Tom's sister.
Tom explained why he didn't want to do that.
I'm not sure whether I can do that or not.
I didn't know that you were Tom's cousin.
Tom expects us do the same thing he's doing.
I'm not likely go to Boston until October.
I didn't know that you loved Tom so much.
Tom eventually admitted that he'd done that.
I'm going to be quite happy here, I think.
I didn't know that you hated Tom so much.
Tom drank a whole bottle of wine by himself.
I'm glad we stayed in Boston an extra day.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't be there.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he needs to do.
I'm glad I didn't go to Boston last month.
I didn't know that Tom wanted me to stay.
Tom doesn't want us to do that by ourselves.
I'll make sure that I never do that again.
I didn't know that Tom understood French.
Tom doesn't want to show you how to do that.
I'll go to Boston sometime before October.
I didn't know that Tom had so much money.
Tom doesn't want to learn to how to do that.
I'll be very disappointed if that happens.
I didn't know Tom was such a good clarinetist.
Tom doesn't think you're allowed to do that.
I'll be the only one permitted to do that.
I didn't know Tom was living in the dorm.
Tom doesn't think we really need to do that.
I'll be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I didn't know Tom very well at that time.
Tom doesn't think we really have to do that.
I'd rather do that now before it gets hot.
I didn't know Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
I'd go to Boston right away if I were you.
I didn't know Tom thought I should leave.
Tom doesn't think he's ready to do that yet.
I'd be very thankful if you could do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's permitted to do that.
I'd be very grateful if you could do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't think he needs to do that today.
I'd be self-conscious if I had to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing that very well.
I'd be disappointed if you didn't do that.
I didn't know Tom and John were brothers.
Tom doesn't seem to be an easy-going person.
I wouldn't try doing that if I were drunk.
I didn't invite Tom to my birthday party.
Tom doesn't seem like he's much happier now.
I wouldn't be here if I didn't want to be.
I didn't help Tom as much as I should've.
Tom doesn't really want to do that, does he?
I wouldn't be here if I didn't need to be.
I didn't have to wait for Tom, but I did.
Tom doesn't really need to do that, does he?
I would've done that if you'd asked me to.
I didn't give Tom the money he asked for.
Tom doesn't really have to do that, does he?
I wonder if doing that would be dangerous.
I didn't give Tom anything for Christmas.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that anymore.
I won't permit you to continue doing that.
I didn't expect to fall in love with Tom.
Tom doesn't need to get up so early anymore.
I won't go swimming unless you go with me.
I didn't expect Tom to refuse to do that.
Tom doesn't need any help with his homework.
I wish you loved me as much as I love you.
I didn't expect Tom to react like he did.
Tom doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
I wish there were more I could do to help.
I didn't buy Tom what I promised I'd buy.
Tom doesn't leave the house without his dog.
I wish I'd listened to my father's advice.
I didn't apologize to Tom for doing that.
Tom doesn't know why you want me to do that.
I wish I'd been healthy enough to do that.
I didn't actually do what Tom said I did.
Tom doesn't know what you're planning to do.
I wish I had the chance to try doing that.
I did my best to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't know what to expect around here.
I was hoping you'd show me how to do that.
I did almost the same thing that Tom did.
Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
I wanted to do that, but I wasn't able to.
I crept downstairs after Tom fell asleep.
Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
I want to stay with you until next Monday.
I could never forgive Tom if he did that.
Tom doesn't know much about classical music.
I want to see you in my office right away.
I can't speak French and neither can Tom.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
I want to know when you're going to start.
I can't believe Tom would really do that.
Tom doesn't have much money, but he gets by.
I want to know when you're going to leave.
I bought this car from Tom for only $300.
Tom doesn't have much experience doing that.
I want to know when we're going to Boston.
I bet Tom won't go to Boston next summer.
Tom doesn't have as much experience as I do.
I want to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
I assume Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom doesn't eat any fish except canned tuna.
I want to know if you'll be free tomorrow.
How many times a week does Tom come here.
Tom doesn't care whether you do that or not.
I want to know how much ice cream you ate.
How many months has Tom spent doing that?
Tom doesn't appear to be having a good time.
I usually use margarine instead of butter.
How many minutes has Tom been doing that?
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston anymore.
I understand that you've begun to do that.
How many hours do you think Tom did that?
Tom does almost everything he's asked to do.
I try to always remember to say thank you.
How many days did it take Tom to do that?
Tom didn't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I thought you'd be doing that by yourself.
How many days did it take Tom to do that.
Tom didn't want me to go to Boston with him.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that.
How did you persuade Tom to go to Boston?
Tom didn't think it would be a long meeting.
I thought you weren't finished doing that.
How did you know what else Tom had to do?
Tom didn't tell me why he wanted to do that.
I thought you said you'd probably do that.
How did you convince Tom to go to Boston?
Tom didn't tell me why he needed to do that.
I thought you said you'd do that tomorrow.
Have you already told Tom how to do that?
Tom didn't seem to know about what happened.
I thought you said you'd do that for sure.
Everything that happened was Tom's fault.
Tom didn't seem amused by what was going on.
I thought you said you'd do that for free.
Doing that would probably make Tom happy.
Tom didn't know we were supposed to do that.
I thought you said you only did that once.
Doing that got Tom three years in prison.
Tom didn't know that I was a French teacher.
I thought you said you had fun doing that.
Does Tom still go to Boston every summer?
Tom didn't know he no longer had to do that.
I thought you said you enjoyed doing that.
Does Tom have to stay in Boston all week?
Tom didn't know he had done something wrong.
I thought you said you did that on Monday.
Do you think Tom would permit me do that?
Tom didn't know anything about this, did he?
I thought that I wouldn't need to do that.
Do you know the reason why Tom is crying?
Tom didn't do everything we asked him to do.
I thought that I wouldn't have to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom used to do that?
Tom didn't actually want to do that, did he?
I thought it would be possible to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom owned a scooter?
Tom did that in only a fraction of a second.
I thought doing that might be a good idea.
Didn't you know that Tom moved to Boston?
Tom did everything he promised to do for me.
I thought I'd be able to help you do that.
Didn't you know Tom was still doing that?
Tom denies that he was the one who did that.
I thought I was smarter than anybody else.
Didn't you know Tom was living in Boston?
Tom denied that he was the one who did that.
I thought I was going to have a good time.
Didn't you know Tom was going to be late?
Tom deleted all the pictures from his phone.
I think you'd probably be able to do that.
Didn't you know Tom was allergic to nuts?
Tom couldn't have done that without my help.
I think we ought to be speaking in French.
Didn't you know Tom lived on Park Street?
Tom couldn't figure out how to open the box.
I think it's probably possible to do that.
Didn't you know Tom doesn't like driving?
Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
I think it's probably not wise to do that.
Didn't you know Tom didn't like baseball?
Tom could've done that, but he chose not to.
I think it's probably not safe to do that.
Did you know that Tom saw you doing that?
Tom could've done that if he'd tried harder.
I think it's probably not easy to do that.
Did you know that Tom owned a motorcycle?
Tom could've been troubled by what happened.
I think it would be a bad idea to do that.
Did you know Tom would refuse to do that?
Tom could've been first if he'd asked to be.
I think I should send a letter of apology.
Did you know Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom could probably teach you how to do that.
I think I might not have to do that again.
Did you know Tom was planning to do that?
Tom could be self-conscious, but I doubt it.
I think I might not be allowed to do that.
Did you know Tom was allergic to peanuts?
Tom cooks for us three or four times a week.
I think I might have to do that by myself.
Did you know Tom had relatives in Boston?
Tom complained about pain in his lower back.
I sure wouldn't want to do that by myself.
Did you know Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
Tom complained about how salty the food was.
I sure I won't be the last one to do that.
Did Tom ask you to go to Boston with him?
Tom clapped his hands and the light came on.
I sure I won't be allowed to do that here.
You're the only person who can help Tom.
Tom came into the room and started shouting.
I still have a lot of things I want to do.
You're a lot older than Tom, aren't you?
Tom burned all the letters in the fireplace.
I still have a lot of things I need to do.
You wouldn't let Tom do that, would you?
Tom buried the stolen money in his backyard.
I still have a lot of things I have to do.
You won't be able to get Tom to do that.
Tom beat the rug with his old tennis racket.
I still go to Boston several times a year.
You think Tom should do that, don't you?
Tom asked me why I didn't come to his party.
I shouldn't have permitted you to do that.
You shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
Tom asked if he really had to do that today.
I shouldn't have gone to Boston by myself.
You should've stayed in Boston with Tom.
Tom asked if he had to do that this morning.
I should've gone to the dentist last week.
You should've asked Tom why he did that.
Tom and his parents are in Boston this week.
I should've been the first one to do that.
You should tell Tom you want to do that.
Tom and his mother are waiting on the porch.
I should be gone by the time you get here.
You should tell Tom you need to do that.
Tom and I work together at the same company.
I sat as close to the fire as I could get.
You should tell Tom you have to do that.
Tom and I were the last two people to leave.
I really don't want to go to school today.
You should tell Tom he needs to do that.
Tom and I wanted to go on a picnic together.
I really don't feel like doing that today.
You should probably tell Tom to do that.
Tom and I studied French together yesterday.
I realize I don't have to do that anymore.
You should give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom and I sometimes play badminton together.
I pretended that I didn't know the answer.
You should do that before Tom gets here.
Tom and I sat next to each other on the bus.
I plan to study in Boston for three years.
You knew Tom should do that, didn't you?
Tom and I have been enemies for a long time.
I only have three fish in my aquarium now.
You knew Tom had to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I don't very often do that together.
I never thought I'd need to do that again.
You hope Tom doesn't do that, don't you?
Tom and I don't speak to each other anymore.
I never thought I'd have to do that again.
You expected Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I don't like the same kind of music.
I needed some cash, so I went to the bank.
You don't think Tom can do that, do you?
Tom and I don't know what we should do next.
I need to find a solution to that problem.
You don't really understand Tom, do you?
Tom and I didn't say anything to each other.
I might stay in Boston for a night or two.
You don't know why Tom did that, do you?
Tom and I are having a party tomorrow night.
I may need to stay in Boston until Monday.
You don't know how Tom did that, do you?
Tom and I are going to a dance this evening.
I looked at myself in the bathroom mirror.
You don't expect Tom to do that, do you?
Tom and I are getting ready to go to Boston.
I hope you don't get fired for doing that.
You don't do that the same way Tom does.
Tom and I almost never do anything together.
I hope you don't get fined for doing that.
You don't care if Tom does that, do you?
Tom always seems to be using his smartphone.
I hope you can come to Boston next summer.
You do hope Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom always leaves for work just before 6:30.
I hope that I don't have to do that again.
You didn't tell Tom to do that, did you?
Tom always does that when he goes to Boston.
I haven't yet done what you told me to do.
You didn't give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom almost killed himself trying to do that.
I haven't yet done everything I should do.
You can likely talk Tom into doing that.
Tom advised me on which stocks I should buy.
I have to find a solution to that problem.
Why isn't Tom coming to Boston with you?
Tom Jackson is one of my favorite comedians.
I go to Boston three or four times a year.
Why is Tom afraid to swim in this river?
Tom's parents got divorced three years ago.
I found the sunglasses I thought I'd lost.
Why don't you want to go to Tom's party?
Tom's office doesn't look like mine at all.
I felt ashamed because I couldn't do that.
Who told you Tom would enjoy doing that?
Tom wouldn't let me do what I wanted to do.
I doubt that if can do that, but I'll try.
Who told you Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom wouldn't have permitted you to do that.
I doubt that I'll get a chance to do that.
Who told you Tom didn't need to do that?
Tom wouldn't have let his children do that.
I don't yet know exactly what I should do.
Who told you Tom didn't have to do that?
Tom wouldn't be happy if he had to do that.
I don't want to think about the situation.
Who did Tom say went to Boston with him?
Tom would like to ask you how you did that.
I don't want to stop doing what I'm doing.
When did you find out Tom had been hurt?
Tom worked for three hours without a break.
I don't want to stay in Boston any longer.
What was Tom doing in Boston last month?
Tom won't likely try to do that on his own.
I don't want to make a big deal out of it.
Were you with Tom when he broke his leg?
Tom won't likely be through doing that yet.
I don't want to do that without some help.
We need to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom won't likely be in Boston next weekend.
I don't want to do that as much as you do.
We have to make sure that Tom does that.
Tom won't likely be annoyed if you do that.
I don't want anyone to know that I'm rich.
We have to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom won't forgive you if you do that again.
I don't understand why I ought to do that.
The last time I saw Tom he was barefoot.
Tom won't be very interested in doing that.
I don't think you should agree to do that.
That's exactly what Tom said to me, too.
Tom won't be very hungry when he gets home.
I don't think we're capable of doing that.
Please tell Tom he should wear a helmet.
Tom won't be ready to do that until Monday.
I don't think that'll happen anytime soon.
Please tell Tom he has to do that today.
Tom will probably be ready to do that soon.
I don't think it's a good idea to do that.
Please tell Tom he doesn't need to wait.
Tom will probably be in Boston next Monday.
I don't think it would be safe to do that.
Please tell Tom I won't do that anymore.
Tom will probably be determined to do that.
I don't think it would be rude to do that.
Please tell Tom I need to do that today.
Tom will never permit you to do that again.
I don't think it would be easy to do that.
Please tell Tom I don't need to do that.
Tom will likely be tired when he gets home.
I don't think I'll be in Boston next week.
Please tell Tom I don't have to do that.
Tom will likely be the next one to do that.
I don't think I'd ever be able to do that.
Please find out what Tom wants us to do.
Tom will likely be the last one to do that.
I don't think I should go there by myself.
Please do that with Tom or someone else.
Tom will likely be excused from doing that.
I don't think I could ever live in Boston.
Perhaps Tom doesn't play tennis anymore.
Tom will catch the next bus to the airport.
I don't think I could ever commit suicide.
Maybe Tom won't finish doing that today.
Tom will be very careful when he does that.
I don't remember where I left my umbrella.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
Tom will be retired by this time next year.
I don't really want to go to school today.
It's uncertain whether Tom will do that.
Tom will be punished if he does that again.
I don't really feel like doing that today.
It's been decided that Tom will do that.
Tom will be miserable in this kind of heat.
I don't play tennis as often as I used to.
It took Tom over three hours to do that.
Tom will be leaving for Australia tomorrow.
I don't need to know who gave that to you.
It seems that Tom won't do that anymore.
Tom will be absent both today and tomorrow.
I don't like to leave anything unfinished.
It looks like Tom knows what he's doing.
Tom will be able to do that today, I think.
I don't like sitting in the back of a bus.
It looks like Tom is having a good time.
Tom went to Boston to promote his new book.
I don't like people telling me what to do.
It looks like Tom has lost a few pounds.
Tom wasn't the only one who had to do that.
I don't like being told when to go to bed.
Is Tom going to play the guitar tonight?
Tom wasn't the only one allowed to do that.
I don't know who to give this envelope to.
If you don't do that, Tom will be upset.
Tom wasn't the first one to try to do that.
I don't know whether I can do that or not.
If it rains, Tom probably won't do that.
Tom wasn't supposed to do that, but he did.
I don't know what time I need to be there.
If Tom can do that, I probably can, too.
Tom was trying to ignore what was going on.
I don't know what I'm doing half the time.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that again.
Tom was the only other person who did that.
I don't know anything about the situation.
I've been asked not to help Tom do that.
Tom was the only one who wanted to do that.
I don't have to go there unless I want to.
I'm tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
Tom was the only one who needed to do that.
I don't have enough time to do that today.
I'm the one who told Tom how to do that.
Tom was the one who inspired me to do that.
I don't have enough money to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom will permit you to do that.
Tom was the one who helped me buy this car.
I don't have enough money to buy a ticket.
I'm sure Tom will be fascinated by that.
Tom was the first one to decide to do that.
I don't have as much experience as you do.
I'm sure Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom was my neighbor when I lived in Boston.
I don't have any time, so I won't do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be outside.
Tom was much taller than I thought he'd be.
I don't have any friends who speak French.
I'm really glad that Tom didn't do that.
Tom was much busier than I thought he'd be.
I don't have any friends who like camping.
I'm pretty sure it was Tom who did that.
Tom was much bigger than I thought he'd be.
I don't have any enemies I can't think of.
I'm glad Tom is here to help us do that.
Tom was hoping we wouldn't need to do that.
I didn't want to spend all day doing that.
I'll make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom was hoping we wouldn't have to do that.
I didn't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I'll help Tom figure out how to do that.
Tom was hoping he wouldn't need to do that.
I didn't want to sell any of my paintings.
I'd never do that the way Tom suggested.
Tom was hoping he wouldn't have to do that.
I didn't want to jump into the cold water.
I'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
Tom was doing that all yesterday afternoon.
I didn't want to feed my dog dry dog food.
I'd help Tom do that if he wanted me to.
Tom was already doing that when I got here.
I didn't want to call attention to myself.
I'd be able to do that if Tom helped me.
Tom wants to know when you'll go to Boston.
I didn't want to admit I couldn't do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom did that.
Tom very seldom does that in the afternoon.
I didn't want anyone to see me doing that.
I wonder why Tom never learned to drive.
Tom very frequently does that after dinner.
I didn't think you'd be busy this morning.
I wonder why Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom tried to discourage me from doing that.
I didn't think we were violating any laws.
I wonder why Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom told me that he's reluctant to do that.
I didn't think that movie was interesting.
I wonder whether Tom did that yesterday.
Tom told me that he's motivated to do that.
I didn't see any bullet holes in the wall.
I wonder if Tom will be able to do that.
Tom told me that he's desperate to do that.
I didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
I wonder how long Tom boiled these eggs.
Tom told me that he'll be here early today.
I didn't really think I'd need to do that.
I went downstairs after Tom fell asleep.
Tom told me that he thought I looked drunk.
I didn't really think I'd have to do that.
I wasn't the one who helped Tom do that.
Tom told me that he had decided to do that.
I didn't really think I needed to do that.
I was surprised that Tom had to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that by himself.
I didn't really feel like drinking coffee.
I was impressed by the way Tom did that.
Tom told me he was sick, which wasn't true.
I didn't realize that there was a problem.
I wanted all the same things Tom wanted.
Tom told me he sells about 300 cars a year.
I didn't pay any attention to the warning.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to do that.
Tom told me he needed to borrow some money.
I didn't notice that my shoes were untied.
I want to know if you've heard from Tom.
Tom told me he didn't have time to do that.
I didn't notice that I was being followed.
I want to know how much money Tom spent.
Tom told me he didn't feel like doing that.
I didn't like to do that when I was a kid.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston.
Tom told me I could do that if I wanted to.
I didn't know you were living in the dorm.
I told Tom that I thought I had the flu.
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't know who to give the envelope to.
I told Tom that I don't have to do that.
Tom taught me how to swim the breaststroke.
I didn't know that the deadline was today.
I told Tom I wouldn't be at the meeting.
Tom succeeded because he had a lot of help.
I didn't know that I had to do that today.
I told Tom I thought I couldn't do that.
Tom still hasn't given me what I asked for.
I didn't know Mary and Alice were sisters.
I told Tom I don't have time to do that.
Tom still has a lot of things he has to do.
I didn't have to get up as early as I did.
I told Tom I didn't need to do anything.
Tom still doesn't want to do that, does he?
I didn't have time to do what I had to do.
I told Tom I didn't know where he lived.
Tom still doesn't need to do that, does he?
I didn't have time to do the job properly.
I told Tom I didn't have to do anything.
Tom still doesn't have to do that, does he?
I didn't have the right tools for the job.
I told Tom I didn't have anything to do.
Tom stayed up until 2:30 last Monday night.
I didn't have the nerve to tell the truth.
I thought Tom would be more cooperative.
Tom spent the whole day listening to music.
I didn't have permission to do what I did.
I thought Tom would be happy to do that.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in a coma.
I didn't have enough money to take a taxi.
I thought Tom would be able to help you.
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in Boston.
I didn't have enough money to pay my rent.
I thought Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
Tom spent a lot of money on his sports car.
I didn't have any idea how long I'd slept.
I thought Tom wasn't doing that anymore.
Tom slipped while he was crossing the road.
I didn't go to sleep till late that night.
I thought Tom was going to be all alone.
Tom shouldn't have been allowed to do that.
I didn't drink much at last night's party.
I thought Tom might not want to do that.
Tom should've put on more sunscreen lotion.
I didn't do that because I didn't want to.
I thought Tom might not need to do that.
Tom should've done much better than he did.
I didn't do everything you asked me to do.
I thought Tom might not have to do that.
Tom should've been the next one to do that.
I didn't buy as much as I thought I'd buy.
I thought Tom looked nervous doing that.
Tom should've been the last one to do that.
I couldn't move the heavy trunk by myself.
I thought Tom knew what we wanted to do.
Tom should've been forgiven for doing that.
I couldn't have done that by without help.
I thought Tom knew what we needed to do.
Tom should've been excused from doing that.
I couldn't do that because I was too busy.
I thought Tom knew what the problem was.
Tom should've been able to do that for you.
I could get injured if I tried to do that.
I thought Tom knew what he needed to do.
Tom should've been able to do that as well.
I could get injured if I tried doing that.
I think that Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom should go ahead and do that by himself.
I can't remember where I buried the money.
I think Tom wouldn't be pleased by that.
Tom should consider not doing that anymore.
I can do that right now if you want me to.
I think Tom would like to quite his job.
Tom should be pretty good at French by now.
I believe I can do that without your help.
I think Tom would like to do that again.
Tom should be glad he's not here in Boston.
I almost never do that when I'm in Boston.
I think Tom would be willing to do that.
Tom seriously needs to consider doing that.
How many years did it take you to do that?
I think Tom would be tempted to do that.
Tom seems to be playing games all the time.
How many years did it take you to do that.
I think Tom would be fascinated by that.
Tom seems to be aware of what he has to do.
How many weeks will it take us to do that?
I think Tom would be afraid of your dog.
Tom seems to be a little bit unhappy today.
How many weeks did it take you to do that?
I think Tom won't be tempted to do that.
Tom seems convinced that he has to do that.
How many weeks did it take you to do that.
I think Tom won't be nervous doing that.
Tom seemed to know all about what happened.
How many trees did you cut down yesterday?
I think Tom won't be frightened by that.
Tom seemed to be very concerned about that.
How many times a year do you go to Boston?
I think Tom will probably do that later.
Tom says that the noise doesn't bother him.
How many times a week do you study French?
I think Tom will be in Boston next week.
Tom says he thinks he can probably do that.
How many pairs of white socks do you have?
I think Tom will be hesitant to do that.
Tom says he really likes his new job a lot.
How many months have you spent doing that?
I think Tom might want to do that today.
Tom says he plans to vote for the proposal.
How many minutes have you been doing that?
I think Tom is the only vegetarian here.
Tom says he isn't interested in doing that.
How many hours will it take us to do that?
I think Tom is interested in doing that.
Tom says he has no intention of doing that.
How many hours did it take you to do that?
I think Tom is in his office on Mondays.
Tom says he doesn't want to see that movie.
How many hours did it take you to do that.
I think Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to live in Boston.
How many days will it take you to do that?
I think Tom could've refused to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think he could do that.
How many chapters did you read last night?
I think Tom could tell you who did that.
Tom says he doesn't think I should do that.
How many bags of marshmallows did you buy?
I think Tom could go to Boston with you.
Tom says he doesn't really know what to do.
How long will it take us to get to Boston?
I think Tom could end up being arrested.
Tom says he doesn't know what he should do.
How did you know what else I needed to do?
I think Tom could easily have done that.
Tom says he doesn't know what he has to do.
How did you know I wanted to be in Boston?
I think Mr. Jackson's first name is Tom.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that either.
Have you ever been absent from this class?
I think I already know why Tom did that.
Tom says he definitely won't do that today.
Even I can do something as simple as that.
I still sometimes speak French with Tom.
Tom says he definitely won't do that again.
Doing that would be the wrong thing to do.
I still haven't told Tom how to do that.
Tom says a solution needs to be found soon.
Doing that will take at least three hours.
I should've told Tom that I was married.
Tom sat down and pulled out his smartphone.
Doing that seems like a stupid idea to me.
I should've told Tom about that earlier.
Tom said trying to do that was frustrating.
Doing that likely won't be so interesting.
I should've sung the song Tom requested.
Tom said three of those boys would help us.
Do you think you would be able to do that?
I should've given Tom what he asked for.
Tom said there's nothing he can do to help.
Do you think you can do that without help?
I should've done what Tom told me to do.
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do.
Do you think they'll permit us to do that?
I should've asked Tom to do that for me.
Tom said the pain started three months ago.
Do you really want to do that by yourself?
I should've asked Tom before I did that.
Tom said the heat didn't bother him at all.
Do you really think it's wrong to do that?
I should tell Tom what needs to be done.
Tom said the game seemed to last for hours.
Do you really think it's smart to do that?
I should tell Tom what I want him to do.
Tom said the decision was made by his boss.
Do you really think it's silly to do that?
I should tell Tom I won't do that again.
Tom said the cold didn't bother him at all.
Do you really think it's risky to do that?
I should probably tell Tom I'll do that.
Tom said that's not likely to happen again.
Do you know what this is called in French?
I should just tell Tom I made a mistake.
Tom said that wasn't who we thought it was.
Do you know what happened in Boston today?
I said almost the same thing as Tom did.
Tom said that he's been wanting to do that.
Do you know how much a kilo of rice costs?
I really don't think Tom has to do that.
Tom said that he's been very busy all week.
Do you ever stay out until after midnight?
I really don't think Tom had to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't doing that anymore.
Do you ever do that when you're in Boston?
I often help Tom, but he never helps me.
Tom said that he wanted to see the manager.
Do you believe there's a life after death?
I never thought Tom would do that again.
Tom said that he needed to see the manager.
Didn't you know there was a meeting today?
I never thought I'd see Tom smile again.
Tom said many people have been complaining.
Didn't I tell you that you had to do that?
I never thought I'd see Tom happy again.
Tom said it's been fun hanging out with us.
Didn't I tell you not to worry about that?
I love Tom and I think he loves me, too.
Tom said it was his first traffic accident.
Didn't I tell you I wouldn't go to Boston?
I let Tom know I didn't know what to do.
Tom said it should've been easy to do that.
Did you want to do that with me yesterday?
I let Tom go to Boston with his friends.
Tom said his schedule will probably change.
Did you know you could get there by train?
I know why Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom said he's tried doing that three times.
Did you know this building had a basement?
I know where Tom learned how to do that.
Tom said he's really glad he could do that.
Could you show me a better way to do that?
I know that Tom isn't likely to do that.
Tom said he's glad he was asked to do that.
Both of my parents were born in Australia.
I know that Tom isn't afraid to do that.
Tom said he's determined to do that for us.
Both of Mary's ex-husbands live in Boston.
I know that Tom is reluctant to do that.
Tom said he's been forgiven for doing that.
Are you planning to return to Boston soon?
I know that Tom has finished doing that.
Tom said he's been asked not do that again.
Are you going to do that even if it rains?
I know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he'll do that in a couple of days.
Are there any department stores near here?
I know that Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom said he'll be the first one to do that.
Are both of your grandfathers still alive?
I know that Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom said he'd definitely do that this week.
Am I the only one who was able to do that?
I know Tom won't go to Boston next week.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that for us.
About how many hours a day do you do that?
I know Tom can't speak French very well.
Tom said he'd be in his office all morning.
A majority of the people here can do that.
I knew Tom would likely want to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that again.
"Did you do that yesterday?" "Yes, I did."
I knew Tom would likely have to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Your name doesn't seem to be on the list.
I knew Tom might be required to do that.
Tom said he would be able to do that today.
Your advice has always been very helpful.
I hope that Tom will be able to do that.
Tom said he wished you knew how to do that.
You're too scared to do that, aren't you?
I hope Tom will come to Boston with you.
Tom said he wished he hadn't eaten so much.
You're the ugliest person I've ever seen.
I hope Tom knows who's going to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't drunk so much.
You're the smartest student in our class.
I hope Tom knows when he has to do that.
Tom said he wasn't likely to do that today.
You're the person we've been looking for.
I hope Tom is willing to do that for me.
Tom said he wasn't good at speaking French.
You're the only one who wants to do that.
I hope Tom is coming to Boston with you.
Tom said he was willing to wait until 2:30.
You're the only one who needs to do that.
I hope Tom is amused by what's going on.
Tom said he was willing to help us do that.
You're the only one who knows what to do.
I hope Tom doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom said he was too tired to help us today.
You're still able to do that, aren't you?
I hope I don't die the same way Tom did.
Tom said he was told to do that by himself.
You're one of the smartest people I know.
I heard that Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom said he was going to do that yesterday.
You're not the only one who has a camera.
I heard that Tom got injured doing that.
Tom said he was enjoying himself in Boston.
You're not going to do that now, are you?
I heard Tom is going to quit doing that.
Tom said he was asked not to do that again.
You're not allowed to take pictures here.
I haven't yet asked Tom for his opinion.
Tom said he wanted to learn how to do that.
You're not a very good salesman, are you?
I haven't seen Tom for over three years.
Tom said he thought that would happen soon.
You're capable of doing that, aren't you?
I happened to be on the same bus as Tom.
Tom said he thought it would rain tomorrow.
You're being made to do that, aren't you?
I guess Tom will have to do that for us.
Tom said he thought it would probably snow.
You're a construction worker, aren't you?
I expect you to do the same thing Tom does.
Tom said he thought he knew how to do that.
You'll get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
I expect that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he could do that today.
You'll do that in the morning, won't you?
I expect Tom will do that at about 2:30.
Tom said he thought doing that would be OK.
You'll do that again tomorrow, won't you?
I doubt very much that Tom will do that.
Tom said he thought I should buy a new car.
You'll be able to do that today, I think.
I doubt that Tom will be home on Monday.
Tom said he thinks there's no life on Mars.
You'd never ask me to do that, would you?
I doubt that Tom has actually done that.
Tom said he never wanted to be a policeman.
You'd look pretty stupid if you did that.
I don't want you to tell Tom about that.
Tom said he never had to worry about money.
You'd better do that while you still can.
I don't want to show Tom how to do that.
Tom said he needed to learn how to do that.
You wouldn't actually do that, would you?
I don't want to share my lunch with Tom.
Tom said he might not study French anymore.
You won't do that anytime soon, will you?
I don't want Tom to know what I've done.
Tom said he isn't going to help us do that.
You won't be given the chance to do that.
I don't want Tom to babysit my children.
Tom said he hopes to continue working here.
You won't be allowed to do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will ever get married.
Tom said he had his reasons for doing that.
You won't be allowed to do that anywhere.
I don't think Tom will enjoy doing that.
Tom said he got really tired of doing that.
You won't be able to do that on your own.
I don't think Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom said he doesn't usually lock his house.
You won't be able to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom will actually do that.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that at all.
You weren't at home last night, were you?
I don't think Tom wants to do that here.
Tom said he doesn't live in Boston anymore.
You were supposed to do that by yourself.
I don't think Tom really has to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to help us do that.
You were skinny the first time I met you.
I don't think Tom really had to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to do that with us.
You used to enjoy doing that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom is through doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to do that anymore.
You used to be a park ranger, didn't you?
I don't think Tom is being very helpful.
You thought I should do that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom is allowed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that would happen.
You thought I had to do that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom can understand French.
Tom said he didn't sleep much Monday night.
You think that we can do that, don't you?
I don't really think Tom has to do that.
Tom said he didn't sleep a wink last night.
You think I wanted to do that, don't you?
I don't really think Tom had to do that.
Tom said he didn't need to do that anymore.
You think I shouldn't do that, don't you?
I don't need to worry about Tom anymore.
Tom said he didn't know who he could trust.
You think I needed to do that, don't you?
I don't need to tell Tom how to do that.
Tom said he didn't intend to pay that bill.
You suggested that me do that right away.
I don't need to know where Tom is going.
Tom said he didn't have to do that anymore.
You suggested that I not do that anymore.
I don't need to do that. Tom will do it.
Tom said he didn't have any fun doing that.
You still do that quite often, don't you?
I don't love Tom as much as he loves me.
Tom said he didn't have a driver's license.
You should've told your parents about it.
I don't like the way Tom treats his dog.
Tom said he could probably help us do that.
You should be finished doing that by now.
I don't know why Tom wasn't at my party.
Tom said he could do that without any help.
You should be able to do that if you try.
I don't know why Tom wanted me to leave.
Tom said doing that shouldn't be a problem.
You seem to be very full of energy today.
I don't know why Tom refused to do that.
Tom said I looked like a basketball player.
You ride your bicycle to work, don't you?
I don't know why Tom is in the hospital.
Tom said I didn't sound entirely convinced.
You often do that by yourself, don't you?
I don't know whether Tom is safe or not.
Tom regrets that he wasn't able to do that.
You never do that in the morning, do you?
I don't know where Tom will be tomorrow.
Tom refused to tell me what I needed to do.
You might need to go to Boston next week.
I don't know where Tom wants to do that.
Tom really wanted to go to Boston with you.
You might have to go to Boston next week.
I don't know when Tom will visit Boston.
Tom pulled out his key and opened the door.
You might get hurt if I tried doing that.
I don't know when Tom will leave Boston.
Tom published a book in 2013 about dieting.
You may have as many cookies as you want.
I don't know when Tom plans to get here.
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.
You may do that right now if you want to.
I don't know what kind of person Tom is.
Tom promised me he'd help me clean my room.
You know why I had to do that, don't you?
I don't know what Tom's intentions were.
Tom probably won't need to do that anymore.
You know why I didn't do that, don't you?
I don't know what Tom is supposed to do.
Tom probably won't have to do that anymore.
You know that I won't do that, don't you?
I don't know what Tom does for a living.
Tom probably won't be charged with perjury.
You knew I shouldn't do that, didn't you?
I don't know how well Tom speaks French.
Tom probably won't be back by October 20th.
You knew I needed to do that, didn't you?
I don't have to worry about Tom anymore.
Tom probably isn't in the hospital anymore.
You hope I'm going to do that, don't you?
I don't have to tell Tom how to do that.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that again.
You haven't stopped doing that, have you?
I don't have to do that. Tom will do it.
Tom probably doesn't know why you did that.
You haven't forgotten anything, have you?
I don't have time to help Tom right now.
Tom probably doesn't know much about birds.
You haven't done that recently, have you?
I don't have as many stamps as Tom does.
Tom probably doesn't know how to play jazz.
You haven't done that in years, have you?
I don't eat meat and Tom doesn't either.
Tom probably couldn't do that without help.
You have to do that before it's too late.
I don't care what happens, but Tom does.
Tom plays both the saxophone and the flute.
You get very talkative when you're drunk.
I don't believe Tom. I think he's lying.
Tom plans to start working here in October.
You get paid a lot to do that, don't you?
I didn't want to tell Tom how old I was.
Tom picked me up on his way home from work.
You don't want us to do that now, do you?
I didn't want to invite Tom to my party.
Tom must've known this was going to happen.
You don't want to do that either, do you?
I didn't want to help Tom do that today.
Tom must've been amused by what's going on.
You don't think we could do that, do you?
I didn't want to help Tom do that again.
Tom may want to go to Boston for Christmas.
You don't think I should do that, do you?
I didn't want to go, but Tom made me go.
Tom may not want to do that, but he has to.
You don't really want to do that, do you?
I didn't want to be seen talking to Tom.
Tom may not be willing to buy that for you.
You don't really need to do that, do you?
I didn't want anyone to see me with Tom.
Tom may have as much ice cream as he wants.
You don't really like doing that, do you?
I didn't want Tom to think I was a wimp.
Tom made up his mind to do that by himself.
You don't really have to do that, do you?
I didn't want Tom to think I was a jerk.
Tom looked everywhere except in the closet.
You don't need to make that decision now.
I didn't think that would embarrass Tom.
Tom knows he's not supposed to eat peanuts.
You don't need our permission to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew what to do.
Tom joined our band as the drummer in 2013.
You don't like the way I do that, do you?
I didn't think Tom's idea was very good.
Tom isn't old enough to know the truth yet.
You don't like it when I do that, do you?
I didn't think Tom would really do that.
Tom isn't likely to go to camp this summer.
You don't have to tell me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would let me do that.
Tom isn't likely to be there for very long.
You don't have our permission to do that.
I didn't think Tom would catch any fish.
Tom isn't likely to be called as a witness.
You don't do that as often as you should.
I didn't think Tom would be so careless.
Tom isn't likely to be home on Monday.
You didn't look like you were interested.
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed.
Tom is way too young to do that by himself.
You didn't look like you were frightened.
I didn't think Tom would be disobedient.
Tom is very likely to pass the examination.
You didn't have time to do that, did you?
I didn't think Tom would be discouraged.
Tom is trying to figure that out right now.
You didn't even apologize for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be cooperative.
Tom is the only person here that I trust.
You didn't do that very quickly, did you?
I didn't think Tom was ready to do that.
Tom is the only one who enjoyed doing that.
You didn't do that deliberately, did you?
I didn't tell Tom who my girlfriend was.
Tom is the only one who doesn't look happy.
You did that for a long time, didn't you?
I didn't tell Tom what my last name was.
Tom is the only one here who can't do that.
You did that for a few years, didn't you?
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to buy.
Tom is the last person I want to see today.
You could do that today if you wanted to.
I didn't tell Tom what I couldn't eat.
Tom is supposed to be doing that right now.
You could do that again if you wanted to.
I didn't tell Tom the reason I was late.
Tom is rich enough to do anything he wants.
You can do that wherever you want, right?
I didn't tell Tom that I had to do that.
Tom is rich enough to buy any car he wants.
You can do that right now if you want to.
I didn't tell Tom I was already married.
Tom is one of the best players on our team.
You aren't permitted to do that anywhere.
I didn't send Tom any letters last year.
Tom is much more dangerous than we thought.
Will you please pass the salt and pepper?
I didn't really think Tom would do that.
Tom is likely to figure out how to do that.
Why don't you try doing that by yourself?
I didn't really think Tom could do that.
Tom is likely to be immune to that disease.
Why don't you do that before you go home?
I didn't pay attention to what Tom said.
Tom is likely not to be willing to do that.
Why do you think Mary is an unusual girl?
I didn't let Tom get away with anything.
Tom is having a nice time with his friends.
Why do we permit our students to do that?
I didn't know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom is happily married with three children.
Why didn't you want to do that yesterday?
I didn't know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom is going to be very successful someday.
Why aren't you going to the office today?
I didn't know who Tom was going to meet.
Tom is due to be sentenced on October 20th.
Where will you be during summer vacation?
I didn't know where Tom was going to go.
Tom is due to be arraigned on October 20th.
Where do you want to spend your vacation?
I didn't know where Tom wanted me to go.
Tom is always at least thirty minutes late.
When did you start trying to lose weight?
I didn't know what Tom was trying to do.
Tom is actually a very good French speaker.
Whatever you do, don't forget to do that.
I didn't know what Tom was going to say.
Tom is about to run out of his medications.
What's the last thing you remember doing?
I didn't know what Tom wanted me to say.
Tom is a lawyer like his father used to be.
What would you like to do this afternoon?
I didn't know what Tom wanted me to buy.
Tom is a good cook, but I think I'm better.
What website do you visit the most often?
I didn't know that Tom was in Australia.
Tom hoped to get a chance to do that again.
What kind of response were you expecting?
I didn't know that Tom had so many cats.
Tom hasn't told me why he wants to do that.
What kind of clothes do you usually wear?
I didn't know if Tom could do it or not.
Tom hasn't told me why he needs to do that.
What do you like to do with your friends?
I didn't know Tom would have to do that.
Tom hasn't realized that he's made a mistake.
What are some countries you have visited?
I didn't know Tom would do that so well.
Tom has trouble remembering people's names.
We've decided to go to Boston in October.
I didn't know Tom was going to be fired.
Tom has three times as many stamps as I do.
We're fortunate that we can do that here.
I didn't know Tom had already done that.
Tom has started working as a house painter.
We'd be lucky if we were able to do that.
I didn't know I had to help Tom do that.
Tom has started looking for work in Boston.
We won't be going to Boston anytime soon.
I didn't expect to see Tom at the party.
Tom has seen that happen many times before.
We should go to Boston together sometime.
I didn't ask Tom which one he preferred.
Tom has promised to never to do that again.
We should go to Boston as soon as we can.
I did that the way Tom told me to do it.
Tom has never met any of his grandchildren.
We might need to go to Boston next month.
I did everything the way Tom told me to.
Tom has managed to do what he needed to do.
We might live in Boston for another year.
I did almost the same thing as Tom did.
Tom has lost a lot of weight since October.
We just lived in Boston for a short time.
I decorated the Christmas tree with Tom.
Tom has lived in Boston for his whole life.
We have a meeting this afternoon at 2:30.
I can't remember what Tom told me to do.
Tom has likely already forgotten your name.
We got a lot of criticism for doing that.
I can't believe you called Tom an idiot.
Tom has finally figured out how to do that.
We don't usually get this much snow here.
I can't believe you called Tom a coward.
Tom has done that for the last three years.
Very few people actually do that anymore.
I can't believe Tom did that by himself.
Tom has done everything we asked him to do.
Tomorrow would be a good time to do that.
How many years has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has done a lot of really stupid things.
This is the second time you've done that.
How many weeks has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has definitely gotten better at French.
They've already hired everyone they need.
How many times an hour does Tom do that?
Tom has decided to do that a different way.
There's only one more thing I have to do.
How many times a night does Tom do that?
Tom has decided not to continue doing that.
There's just one more thing I have to do.
How many times a month does Tom do that?
Tom has decided he doesn't want to do that.
There was nothing we could do about that.
How many months has Tom been doing that?
Tom has come to all of my birthday parties.
The police said there were no casualties.
How many hours has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has been told that he needs to do that.
The librarian said we needed to be quiet.
How long did you and Tom stay in Boston?
Tom has been told he needs to wear goggles.
That's the only thing I want to do today.
How did you know Tom would be in Boston?
Tom has been living in Boston way too long.
That's the best idea I've heard all week.
How did you get Tom to buy that for you?
Tom has been in a coma for thirty days now.
That's a very inefficient way to do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom has been in Boston for three years now.
That'll likely happen sometime next week.
Do you think Tom will permit me do that?
Tom has been here for at least three years.
That was my first time to eat horse meat.
Do you think Tom might be too confident?
Tom has been having a hard time doing that.
Perhaps you don't really need to do that.
Do you think Tom is finished doing that?
Tom has been doing that since he was a kid.
Perhaps you don't really have to do that.
Do you think I could get Tom to do that?
Tom has already said that he won't do that.
People around here don't usually do that.
Do you mean you didn't do that with Tom?
Tom has advised me not to start doing that.
Our team is the worst team in the league.
Do you know whether Tom did that or not?
Tom has a girlfriend who's very possessive.
Next time I'll have to do that by myself.
Do you know the reason why Tom was late?
Tom has a degree in mechanical engineering.
My parents wouldn't permit me to do that.
Do you have any idea what Tom has to do?
Tom happened to have the day off yesterday.
My house is the third house on the right.
Didn't you know that Tom would be there?
Tom had to stay in Boston for another week.
Most people here don't understand French.
Didn't you know that Tom isn't Canadian?
Tom got nervous when he saw the police car.
Most people here don't know how to drive.
Didn't you know that Tom is from Boston?
Tom goes out drinking almost every evening.
Mary may be pretty, but I don't like her.
Didn't you know that Tom has a lot cats?
Tom gets along well with his father-in-law.
It's stuffy in here. May I open a window?
Didn't you know Tom was writing a novel?
Tom gave me a nice umbrella, but I lost it.
It's hot in here. May I open the windows?
Didn't you know Tom was still in prison?
Tom gave each of his children three apples.
It's absolutely necessary that I do that.
Didn't you know Tom liked to go fishing?
Tom gave all his books to the city library.
It'll probably be interesting to do that.
Didn't you know Tom liked horror movies?
Tom first came to visit us three years ago.
It'll be more fun if we do that together.
Didn't you know Tom knew how to do that?
Tom fell in love with a woman half his age.
It would be unfortunate if that happened.
Didn't you know Tom is good at juggling?
Tom faces life in prison if he's convicted.
It would be risky to do that by yourself.
Didn't you know Tom had a swimming pool?
Tom even worked as a taxi driver in Boston.
It would be interesting to do that again.
Didn't you know Tom couldn't to do that?
Tom doesn't want you to ever do that again.
It would be impossible for me to do that.
Didn't you know Tom could play the tuba?
Tom doesn't think you should be doing that.
It would be great if you did that for me.
Didn't Tom tell you he wouldn't do that?
Tom doesn't think we need to do that today.
It would be almost impossible to do that.
Did you know that Tom wanted to do that?
Tom doesn't think we have to do that today.
It was easier to do that than I expected.
Did you know Tom used to work in Boston?
Tom doesn't think that I did that, does he?
It took three years to build this bridge.
Did you know Tom is actually very smart?
Tom doesn't think he really has to do that.
It should be possible for you to do that.
Did you know Tom didn't want to do that?
Tom doesn't think he can do that that soon.
It probably won't be possible to do that.
Did you know Tom didn't need to do that?
Tom doesn't think I'm permitted to do that.
Is there anything else you'd like to say?
Did you know Tom didn't like to do that?
Tom doesn't think I really need to do that.
If you want me to, I'll buy that for you.
Did you know Tom didn't like doing that?
Tom doesn't think I really have to do that.
If you hate doing that, then don't do it.
Did you know Tom didn't have to do that?
Tom doesn't still want to do that, does he?
If you do that for me, I'd appreciate it.
Did you know Tom and John were brothers?
Tom doesn't still need to do that, does he?
If we had enough money, we could do that.
Both Tom and his passenger were injured.
Tom doesn't still have to do that, does he?
If we had done that, we would've had fun.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that with you.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he should do.
I've been listening to the radio all day.
Ask Tom if he really has to do that now.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he has to do.
I've always wanted to be able to do that.
As Tom was doing that, it began to rain.
Tom doesn't seem amused by what's going on.
I've already eaten both of my sandwiches.
Aren't you glad that Tom didn't do that?
Tom doesn't remember if he did that or not.
I've already done everything I had to do.
Aren't you glad that Tom didn't do that.
Tom doesn't remember asking you to do that.
I'm thinking about applying for that job.
Are you and Tom still dating each other?
Tom doesn't permit his children to do that.
I'm the only person who can help you now.
"Is Tom afraid?" "No, I don't think so."
Tom doesn't need our permission to do that.
I'm sure you'll find some way to do that.
You'll never let Tom do that, will you?
Tom doesn't like taking care of the garden.
I'm not interested in doing that anymore.
You'd never let Tom do that, would you?
Tom doesn't like people who aren't on time.
I'm not going to go to Boston this month.
You won't let Tom to do that, will you?
Tom doesn't like either baseball or soccer.
I'm not convinced that I need to do that.
You think Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom doesn't like Boston and I don't either.
I'm not an easy person to get along with.
You think Tom could do that, don't you?
Tom doesn't know what he's doing out there.
I'm going to stay in Boston until Monday.
You should've shown Tom how to do that.
Tom doesn't know this is a tough situation.
I'm getting a little tired of doing that.
You should get Tom to help you do that.
Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
I'm feeling too depressed to do anything.
You should get Tom to buy that for you.
Tom doesn't know how much money was stolen.
I'll try to do that the same way you did.
You should ask Tom to help you do that.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that.
I'll be on a business trip all next week.
You should ask Tom to buy that for you.
Tom doesn't know he's got to do that today.
I'd be very happy if you did that for me.
You seemed surprised when Tom did that.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be punished.
I'd be very disappointed if you did that.
You don't believe Tom did that, do you?
Tom doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
I'd be in Boston right now if I could be.
You don't allow Tom to do that, do you?
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
I'd be disappointed if I saw you do that.
You allowed Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't know exactly what he should do.
I wouldn't do that anymore if I were you.
Would you want Tom to buy that for you?
Tom doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
I wouldn't be opposed to going to Boston.
Would Tom be willing to do that for us?
Tom doesn't have to tell me how to do that.
I wish I'd been strong enough to do that.
Why wouldn't you permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't have to do that, but he should.
I wish I hadn't left my windows unlocked.
Why don't you let Tom buy that for you?
Tom doesn't have time to do that right now.
I wish I hadn't had to do that by myself.
Why do you still permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't have the confidence to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston last week.
Why didn't Tom come to Boston with you?
Tom doesn't have our permission to do that.
I wish I could play the saxophone better.
Who was the class president before Tom?
Tom doesn't give his children an allowance.
I wish I could figure out how to do that.
Who was that who was swimming with Tom?
Tom doesn't care whether we do that or not.
I wasted a lot of time trying to do that.
Who told you Tom would want to do that?
Tom doesn't believe his son is still alive.
I wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Who told you Tom could ride a unicycle?
Tom does that at 2:30 every day but Monday.
I wasn't the only one allowed to do that.
What kind of treatment did Tom receive?
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.
I wasn't the first one to try to do that.
What did you think Tom was going to do?
Tom died before he had a chance to do that.
I wasn't surprised that I had to do that.
Was it you who told Tom not to do that?
Tom didn't seem to be doing that very well.
I wasn't old enough to vote at that time.
There's no way Tom is going to do that.
Tom didn't seem aware of what was going on.
I wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
There's no way Tom did that on his own.
Tom didn't say what he had intended to say.
I wasn't expecting you to do that for me.
There's no way Tom did that by himself.
Tom didn't really go to church last Sunday.
I wasn't convinced that I had to do that.
There's a chance that Tom will do that.
Tom didn't really enjoy doing that, did he?
I wasn't aware that I was being followed.
The answer Tom gave seemed wrong to me.
Tom didn't look like he was in a good mood.
I wasn't able to swim until I was thirty.
That would be impossible for Tom to do.
Tom didn't know when he needed to be there.
I was wondering whether I should do that.
Tell Tom he has to do that before 2:30.
Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be there.
I was told that we don't have to do that.
Tell Tom I won't go to Boston with him.
Tom didn't know that what he did was wrong.
I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tell Tom I need to do that before 2:30.
Tom didn't know that I was able to do that.
I was the only one who needed to do that.
Please tell Tom to do that before 2:30.
Tom didn't know if he could do that or not.
I was thankful for the chance to do that.
Please tell Tom that he has to do that.
Tom didn't know how long he'd have to wait.
I was hoping we wouldn't have to do that.
Please tell Tom that I need to do that.
Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that.
I wanted to stay in Boston until October.
Please tell Tom he should do that soon.
Tom didn't even try to negotiate the price.
I wanted to help, but I didn't have time.
My son married Tom's youngest daughter.
Tom didn't do that for me, but for himself.
I want you to do that so I don't have to.
My priorities are different from Tom's.
Tom didn't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I want to stay in Boston a little longer.
My injuries weren't as severe as Tom's.
Tom did something he wasn't supposed to do.
I want to learn to speak French fluently.
Maybe Tom should go to Boston with you.
Tom did everything he thought he should do.
I want to learn how to cook Italian food.
Just make sure you tell Tom to do that.
Tom did everything he thought he needed do.
I want to know when we're going to start.
It would be surprising if Tom did that.
Tom did everything he thought he had to do.
I want to know when we're going to leave.
It would be great if Tom could do that.
Tom did everything he felt he needed to do.
I want to know what you did last weekend.
It would be foolish for Tom to do that.
Tom did apologize for doing that years ago.
I want to know the cause of the accident.
It was decided that Tom should do that.
Tom definitely wants to do that by himself.
I want to go out to get something to eat.
It looks like Tom has done that before.
Tom cut the ribbon with a pair of scissors.
I want to get there before everyone else.
Is it true that Tom will be doing that?
Tom couldn't have done something like that.
I want to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Is Tom the only one who has to do that?
Tom couldn't do that without a lot of help.
I want everyone to remain where they are.
Is Tom still willing to do that for us?
Tom could've been the first one to do that.
I turned out the light and left the room.
Is Tom still be able to do that for us?
Tom could've been punished for what he did.
I tried to do that, but I wasn't able to.
I've already forgotten Tom's last name.
Tom could've been arrested for what he did.
I thought you said you'd quit doing that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I thought you said you'd help us do that.
I'm sure Tom will want to do that, too.
Tom could be gone by the time we get there.
I thought you knew how to play the piano.
I'm sure Tom will pass the examination.
Tom could always try doing that by himself.
I thought you didn't know how to do that.
I'm sure Tom will need to do that, too.
Tom claimed he wasn't the one who did that.
I thought I'd have all the time I needed.
I'm sure Tom will have to do that, too.
Tom checked three books out of the library.
I thought I'd be able to do that by 2:30.
I'm still reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom can't have done that without some help.
I thought I was going to win the contest.
I'm not sure that's what Tom has to do.
Tom can have as much ice cream as he wants.
I thought I might be required to do that.
I'm not going to permit Tom to do that.
Tom called to say he'd be three hours late.
I think you're not likely to be punished.
I'm going to ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom believes doing that would be a mistake.
I think we have everything under control.
I'm going over to Tom's this afternoon.
Tom began studying French three months ago.
I think it's way too late to do that now.
I'm afraid that Tom may have done that.
Tom assured us that he won't do that again.
I think it's little too early to do that.
I'll never forgive Tom for what he did.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to the zoo.
I think it would've been good to do that.
I think Tom should be more patient.
Tom asked me to throw the ball back to him.
I think it should be possible to do that.
I wonder why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
Tom asked me if he could borrow some money.
I think it might not be smart to do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't very happy here.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that.
I think it might not be cheap to do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't come yesterday.
Tom asked me if I really needed to do that.
I think it might be expensive to do that.
I wonder if Tom is prepared to do that.
Tom and three other prisoners have escaped.
I think it might be dangerous to do that.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom and I've taken a lot of trips together.
I think I'll be able to help you do that.
I wish I hadn't scolded Tom so harshly.
Tom and I were the first people to do that.
I think I wouldn't enjoy visiting Boston.
I went to the same school that Tom did.
Tom and I wanted to go to a movie together.
I think I won't go to Boston next spring.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom and I wanted to go for a walk together.
I think I could do that without any help.
I was hoping Tom could do that with me.
Tom and I want to know what your plans are.
I suppose we could go to Boston with you.
I was at Harvard the same time Tom was.
Tom and I walked into the theater together.
I still miss all of my friends in Boston.
I wanted Tom to show me how to do that.
Tom and I used to work out at the same gym.
I still have time to do that before 2:30.
I want to see if Tom likes my new song.
Tom and I used to play backgammon together.
I still have things that need to be done.
I want to know who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom and I used to be married to each other.
I still don't know why I need to do that.
I want to know how much beer Tom drank.
Tom and I talked about this three days ago.
I spent more money than I had planned to.
I want to discuss the problem with Tom.
Tom and I talked about all kinds of things.
I shouldn't have tried singing that song.
I used to live in the same dorm as Tom.
Tom and I still aren't planning to do that.
I shouldn't have left the party so early.
I understand that Tom always does that.
Tom and I started talking at the same time.
I should've visited Boston, but I didn't.
I tried to talk Tom into going with us.
Tom and I skied down the mountain together.
I should've parked my car somewhere else.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that.
Tom and I play chess together every Monday.
I should've known better than to do that.
I told Tom the same thing you told him.
Tom and I met to discuss what had happened.
I should've gone to Boston, but I didn't.
I told Tom that he should leave Boston.
Tom and I looked at each other and laughed.
I should've done that before I went home.
I told Tom I'd help him clean his room.
Tom and I headed off in the same direction.
I should've been the last one to do that.
I thought you said Tom often does that.
Tom and I have decided to do that together.
I should've been here with you yesterday.
I thought you said Tom does that a lot.
Tom and I have been best friends for years.
I should've been able to do that for you.
I thought Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and I hardly ever do anything together.
I sat down next to someone I didn't know.
I thought Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and I had a good time singing together.
I pretended I didn't know how to do that.
I thought Tom would do that right away.
Tom and I got married in Boston in October.
I need to find another way to make money.
I thought Tom wasn't drunk, but he was.
Tom and I go camping together every summer.
I live in a house just around the corner.
I thought Tom was reluctant to do that.
Tom and I don't usually eat the same thing.
I like your garden and the flowers in it.
I thought Tom was going to be punished.
Tom and I don't talk to each other anymore.
I know what would happen if you did that.
I thought Tom was going to be arrested.
Tom and I don't really have much in common.
I know how difficult it'll be to do that.
I thought Tom was desperate to do that.
Tom and I don't like the same kind of food.
I know I'm supposed to do that by myself.
I thought Tom should get more exercise.
Tom and I don't know anything about Boston.
I know I'm not supposed to do that today.
I thought Tom liked this kind of music.
Tom and I decided to go to Boston together.
I know I might not have to do that again.
I thought Tom knew what had to be done.
Tom and I are waiting for you in the lobby.
I know I might not be allowed to do that.
I thought Tom knew what I wanted to do.
Tom and I are more or less the same weight.
I know I might need to do that on Monday.
I thought Tom had forgotten to do that.
Tom and I are longtime residents of Boston.
I know I might need to do that by myself.
I thought Tom didn't have a girlfriend.
Tom's teammates are just as good as he is.
I know I might have to do that on Monday.
I thought Tom could lend us some money.
Tom's spoken French is hard to understand.
I know I might have to do that by myself.
I thought Tom could lend me some money.
Tom's light is on, so he's probably awake.
I knew I might not have to do that again.
I think that Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom's eyesight has gradually gotten worse.
I knew I might not be allowed to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't regret doing that.
Tom's doctor advised him to exercise more.
I knew I might need to do that by myself.
I think Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't want to.
I knew I might have to do that by myself.
I think Tom would be afraid to do that.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't need to.
I hope you don't get tired of doing that.
I think Tom won't be busy this evening.
Tom wouldn't do that if he didn't have to.
I hope you didn't put sugar in my coffee.
I think Tom will do that at about 2:30.
Tom wouldn't do that even if you paid him.
I hope I don't have to work this weekend.
I think Tom will be tempted to do that.
Tom wouldn't be foolish enough to do that.
I heard that you paid someone to do that.
I think Tom will be nervous doing that.
Tom would never try to do that by himself.
I go to bed at the same time every night.
I think Tom needs to get more exercise.
Tom would be warm if he wore his new coat.
I feed my dog at the same time every day.
I think Tom is the only one with a key.
Tom would be in Boston now if he could be.
I expect you to do the same thing I'm doing.
I think Tom is still afraid to do that.
Tom won't need to go to Boston this month.
I don't yet know whether I can go or not.
I think Tom is getting more suspicious.
Tom won't likely comment on the situation.
I don't want to work on an assembly line.
I think Tom has the ability to do that.
Tom won't likely be in Boston next Monday.
I don't want to think about that anymore.
I think Tom has some friends in Boston.
Tom won't have to go to Boston this month.
I don't want to talk about what happened.
I think Tom doesn't want me to do that.
Tom won't be permitted to do that anymore.
I don't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I think Tom could still do that better.
Tom won't be coming to Boston this summer.
I don't want to sell any of my paintings.
I think Tom could force you to do that.
Tom won't be able to do that without help.
I don't want to jump into the cold water.
I think I'm in love with Tom's ex-wife.
Tom will probably be skeptical about that.
I don't want to go back to the orphanage.
I shouldn't have done that without Tom.
Tom will probably be reluctant to do that.
I don't want to feed my dog dry dog food.
I should've told Tom to stay in Boston.
Tom will probably be motivated to do that.
I don't want to do my homework right now.
I should've told Tom about that eelier.
Tom will probably be desperate to do that.
I don't want to call attention to myself.
I should wait here until Tom gets here.
Tom will probably be charged with perjury.
I don't want anyone to see me doing that.
I should tell Tom why I had to do that.
Tom will probably be back by October 20th.
I don't understand why I need to do that.
I should tell Tom what he needs to buy.
Tom will probably be annoyed by the smell.
I don't understand why I have to do that.
I should tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tom will get into trouble if he does that.
I don't think anybody else wants to come.
I should tell Tom that I need his help.
Tom will do that at the first opportunity.
I don't think I've ever seen you do that.
I should tell Tom not to do that again.
Tom will come if he's free this afternoon.
I don't think I'm going to do that again.
I should do that the way Tom showed me.
Tom will come back the day after tomorrow.
I don't think I'll be doing that anymore.
I saw Tom doing that just this morning.
Tom will be very hungry when he gets home.
I don't think I'll be allowed to do that.
I promised Tom I wouldn't go to Boston.
Tom will be in Boston the week after next.
I don't think I'll be able come tomorrow.
I need to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I don't think I'd ever want to live here.
I know why Tom was supposed to do that.
Tom will be going back to Boston tomorrow.
I don't think I want to do that with you.
I know why Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom went swimming with all the other boys.
I don't think I should do that by myself.
I know why Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom watched TV for three hours last night.
I don't think I really needed to do that.
I know why Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom wasn't very troubled by what happened.
I don't spend enough time with my family.
I know what'll happen if Tom does that.
Tom wasn't able to keep up with his class.
I don't really plan to stay up all night.
I know that Tom isn't eager to do that.
Tom was the only one who couldn't do that.
I don't plan to stay in Boston very long.
I know that Tom is planning to do that.
Tom was the only one permitted to do that.
I don't need to go to school next Monday.
I know Tom doesn't want to get married.
Tom was still doing that when I got there.
I don't like what you're doing right now.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom was never told what actually happened.
I don't like to tell people how old I am.
I knew Tom might want to do that today.
Tom was never given the chance to do that.
I don't like anybody and nobody likes me.
I knew Tom might need to do that today.
Tom was my French teacher for three years.
I don't know why I'm supposed to do that.
I knew Tom might have to do that today.
Tom was found dead in his house yesterday.
I don't know who to give the envelope to.
I knew Tom might be allowed to do that.
Tom was actually not the one who did that.
I don't know who I should ask to help me.
I informed Tom that I wouldn't do that.
Tom wanted to be the first one to do that.
I don't know who I should ask for advice.
I hope Tom won't be allowed to do that.
Tom wanted me to teach him how to do that.
I don't know whether I'll do that or not.
I hope Tom knows why he has to do that.
Tom wanted me to give him time to do that.
I don't know what's going to happen next.
I hope Tom knows what needs to be done.
Tom walks through this park every morning.
I don't know what kind of music you like.
I hope Tom isn't in Boston next Monday.
Tom waited three hours and then went home.
I don't know if I'm permitted to do that.
I hope Tom isn't determined to do that.
Tom used to be able to do that quite well.
I don't know if I have to do that or not.
I hope Tom is the first one to do that.
Tom used to be able to do that by himself.
I don't know how to play the tin whistle.
I hope Tom is interested in doing that.
Tom took a handkerchief out of his pocket.
I don't know exactly what has to be done.
I hope Tom can teach me how to do that.
Tom told us about his last trip to Boston.
I don't know exactly how much it'll cost.
I heard that Tom is good at doing that.
Tom told me why he wasn't able to do that.
I don't know a lot about classical music.
I heard that Tom has been hospitalized.
Tom told me why he didn't want to do that.
I don't know I'm not supposed to do that.
I hear Tom is going to quit doing that.
Tom told me to be sure to try and do that.
I don't have very many friends in Boston.
I haven't yet done that since Tom left.
Tom told me that he's prepared to do that.
I don't have to go to school next Monday.
I have to help Tom take out the garage.
Tom told me that he's hesitant to do that.
I don't have to get up so early tomorrow.
I have to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom told me that he'd be here early today.
I don't have the skill needed to do that.
I forgot that Tom would do that for us.
Tom told me that he won't do that anymore.
I don't have as much energy as I used to.
I expected Tom to do the same thing I did.
Tom told me last week he wouldn't do that.
I don't have anything I need to do today.
I expect you to do the same thing Tom did.
Tom told me he didn't remember doing that.
I don't have anything I have to do today.
I expect I'll have to buy that for Tom.
Tom thought the burning car would explode.
I don't have any friends here except you.
I don't want to wear Tom's old clothes.
Tom thinks that doing that is a good idea.
I don't have a choice. I have to do that.
I don't want to invite Tom to my party.
Tom thinks doing that would be worthwhile.
I don't get as much exercise as I should.
I don't want to be seen talking to Tom.
Tom tends to only do what he's told to do.
I don't allow my children to eat cookies.
I don't want anyone to see me with Tom.
Tom suggested it would be wise to do that.
I don't actually need to do that anymore.
I don't want Tom to see what I'm doing.
Tom stirred his coffee before drinking it.
I do want to do that at least once again.
I don't want Tom to know what happened.
Tom still has to read three more chapters.
I didn't want to go camping last weekend.
I don't want Tom to find out the truth.
Tom still has time to do that before 2:30.
I didn't want to deal with what happened.
I don't want Tom to ever do that again.
Tom started plowing right after breakfast.
I didn't want to admit that I was scared.
I don't want Tom to do that by himself.
Tom started going bald when he was thirty.
I didn't think you'd be doing that today.
I don't think we can trust Tom anymore.
Tom spent more than three years in prison.
I didn't think I'd need to do that again.
I don't think that Tom would lie to me.
Tom spent a lot of time in Boston in 2013.
I didn't think I'd have to do that again.
I don't think Tom would still be awake.
Tom soon found out how bad the roads were.
I didn't tell that girl who I really was.
I don't think Tom would really do that.
Tom smokes three packs of cigarettes a day.
I didn't speak at all during the meeting.
I don't think Tom would let me do that.
Tom should've chosen to do something else.
I didn't really feel like playing tennis.
I don't think Tom would be discouraged.
Tom should've been here with us yesterday.
I didn't realize you knew how to do that.
I don't think Tom will need to do that.
Tom should've been able to do that easily.
I didn't realize what was expected of me.
I don't think Tom will like doing that.
Tom should stay in Boston for a few weeks.
I didn't realize how late it was getting.
I don't think Tom will have to do that.
Tom should have one of us do that for him.
I didn't notice the surveillance cameras.
I don't think Tom will do that for you.
Tom should be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't miss my wallet until I got home.
I don't think Tom should do that again.
Tom should be able to do that if he tries.
I didn't know you used to work in Boston.
I don't think Tom should be doing that.
Tom seems to know what he's talking about.
I didn't know you didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom has to do that today.
Tom seems to know all about what happened.
I didn't know who to give the package to.
I don't think Tom ever used to do that.
Tom seems to have lost interest in sports.
I didn't know where I was supposed to go.
I don't think Tom does that very often.
Tom seems to be willing to do that for us.
I didn't know what you were trying to do.
I don't think I can get Tom to do that.
Tom seems to be aware of what's happening.
I didn't know what I was doing was wrong.
I don't remember where I first met Tom.
Tom seems to be amused by what's going on.
I didn't know that you wouldn't be there.
I don't remember asking Tom to do that.
Tom scored 13 points in the third quarter.
I didn't know that you wanted to do that.
I don't really think that Tom did that.
Tom says you want to go to Boston with us.
I didn't know that you had so much money.
I don't really think Tom could do that.
Tom says his stomach doesn't hurt anymore.
I didn't know that the bridge was closed.
I don't need to know who told Tom that.
Tom says he's willing to buy that for you.
I didn't know it was possible to do that.
I don't need to know how Tom does that.
Tom says he's never been to Boston before.
I didn't know if I should really do that.
I don't like Tom telling me what to do.
Tom says he's given up making predictions.
I didn't know if I had to do that or not.
I don't let Tom go swimming by himself.
Tom says he's been asked to give a speech.
I didn't know how to answer the question.
I don't know why Tom wants me to leave.
Tom says he'll do whatever he can to help.
I didn't know I was going to be arrested.
I don't know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom says he wants to learn how to do that.
I didn't know I no longer had to do that.
I don't know why Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom says he thinks that's going to happen.
I didn't know I had done something wrong.
I don't know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom says he taught himself how to do that.
I didn't know I didn't have enough money.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like dogs.
Tom says he needs to find a place to live.
I didn't have time to finish my homework.
I don't know why Tom called the police.
Tom says he has no trouble falling asleep.
I didn't have enough strength to do that.
I don't know what size shoes Tom wears.
Tom says he doesn't want anything from me.
I didn't have enough money to rent a car.
I don't know what Tom's intentions are.
Tom says he doesn't know why you did that.
I didn't get up as early as I usually do.
I don't know what Tom expects me to do.
Tom says he doesn't know a thing about it.
I didn't get paid for all the work I did.
I don't know if Tom drinks beer or not.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that today.
I didn't get out of bed until after noon.
I don't know how to tell Tom the truth.
Tom says he doesn't have health insurance.
I didn't expect to be appointed chairman.
I don't know how to get to Tom's house.
Tom says he doesn't have an email address.
I didn't come to Boston at all last year.
I don't know anything about Tom's plan.
Tom says he didn't know he had to do that.
I didn't care whether we did that or not.
I don't know anything about Tom at all.
Tom says he didn't know about the meeting.
I didn't arrive until the party was over.
I don't have to know who told Tom that.
Tom says he could never live in Australia.
I can't remember what I was going to say.
I don't have as much money as Tom does.
Tom says he certainly won't do that again.
I can do that with you if you want me to.
I don't expect Tom to get here on time.
Tom says he can't wait for that to happen.
I can always go back to my parents' home.
I don't care what time Tom goes to bed.
Tom says doesn't feel like doing that now.
I bought some green peppers and tomatoes.
I don't believe those rumors about Tom.
Tom said wanted to do that, but he didn't.
I ate supper and immediately went to bed.
I don't believe Tom would ever do that.
Tom said three of those boys will help us.
I already know you want to quit your job.
I do almost the same thing as Tom does.
Tom said three of those boys are his sons.
I almost never do that while I'm driving.
I didn't want to sing, but Tom made me.
Tom said three of those boys are brothers.
I admitted that I didn't know what to do.
I didn't want to let Tom into my house.
Tom said there are now 300 employees here.
How often do you write letters in French?
I didn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom said the mosquitoes didn't bother him.
How much beer did you drink last weekend?
I didn't want to eat the stew Tom made.
Tom said the building was 300 meters tall.
How many years have you spent doing that?
I didn't want to do what Tom suggested.
Tom said that wasn't what he wanted to do.
How many weeks have you spent doing that?
I didn't want to answer Tom's question.
Tom said that probably won't happen again.
How many times have you climbed Mt. Fuji?
I didn't think that would frighten Tom.
Tom said that he'll go to Boston tomorrow.
How many seconds does it take to do that?
I didn't think that Tom was having fun.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait any longer.
How many nights do you plan to stay here?
I didn't think Tom would do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that anymore.
How many movies did you watch last month?
I didn't think Tom would be suspicious.
Tom said that he wasn't a student anymore.
How many months have you been doing that?
I didn't think Tom would be so annoyed.
Tom said that he shouldn't have done that.
How many months did you spend doing that?
I didn't think Tom would be reasonable.
Tom said that he really wanted to do that.
How many minutes will it take to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be interested.
Tom said that he enjoyed your party a lot.
How many minutes does it take to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be here today.
Tom said that he couldn't wait to do that.
How many hours have you spent doing that?
I didn't think Tom would be frightened.
Tom said it would be too risky to do that.
How many days will it take us to do that?
I didn't think Tom would be doing that.
Tom said it wasn't likely to happen again.
How many days did it take you to do that?
I didn't think Tom should've done that.
Tom said it was him who needed to do that.
How many days did it take you to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew how to do that.
Tom said his schedule is likely to change.
How many African animals are in this zoo?
I didn't tell Tom why I had to do that.
Tom said he's reluctant to do that for us.
How long have you been looking for a job?
I didn't tell Tom when I'd be arriving.
Tom said he's reluctant to do that for me.
How long does it take to get the airport?
I didn't tell Tom what the problem was.
Tom said he's never considered doing that.
Everything I need to buy is on this list.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to do.
Tom said he's glad he was able to do that.
Everyone wanted to do that over and over.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to eat.
Tom said he's been told not do that again.
Don't forget to tell Mary not to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to buy.
Tom said he's been asked to do that again.
Don't do that again unless I tell you to.
I didn't tell Tom what I needed to buy.
Tom said he's always lived on Park Street.
Doing that will be easier than you think.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd been mugged.
Tom said he'll be the next one to do that.
Doing that probably won't be interesting.
I didn't tell Tom how many eggs to buy.
Tom said he'll be the last one to do that.
Doing that is a lot easier than it looks.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never done that.
Tom said he'd never permit you to do that.
Doing it that way would be too expensive.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't like my job.
Tom said he'd do that in a couple of days.
Do you think you'd be nervous doing that?
I didn't speak to Tom at all yesterday.
Tom said he'd be willing do that for free.
Do you think this water is safe to drink?
I didn't realize how much Tom loved me.
Tom said he'd be the first one to do that.
Do you think it would be safe to do that?
I didn't realize Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom said he'd be glad to buy that for you.
Do you think doing that will really help?
I didn't realize Tom needed to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't recommend doing that.
Do you really think it's wise to do that?
I didn't like any of Tom's suggestions.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that here.
Do you really think it's safe to do that?
I didn't know who Tom's girlfriend was.
Tom said he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Do you really think it's easy to do that?
I didn't know what Tom was going to do.
Tom said he wished he knew how to do that.
Do you know anyone who's very overweight?
I didn't know what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom said he wished he hadn't been so late.
Do you know anyone who's gotten divorced?
I didn't know that you were dating Tom.
Tom said he wasn't in Boston at that time.
Do you intend to go to Boston in October?
I didn't know that you were Tom's wife.
Tom said he was worried about the weather.
Do that quickly before it starts to rain.
I didn't know that Tom was lying to me.
Tom said he was willing to take that risk.
Didn't you know what was going to happen?
I didn't know that Tom used to do that.
Tom said he was willing to do the driving.
Didn't you know this was going to happen?
I didn't know Tom was such a good cook.
Tom said he was willing to do that for us.
Didn't you know I didn't need to do that?
I didn't know Tom was still doing that.
Tom said he was told not to do that again.
Didn't you know I didn't have to do that?
I didn't know Tom spoke French so well.
Tom said he was thinking about doing that.
Did you know that your socks don't match?
I didn't know Tom and you were cousins.
Tom said he was the only one who did that.
Did you know Mary and Alice were sisters?
I didn't have a chance to speak to Tom.
Tom said he was going to do that tomorrow.
Did you know I was going to get arrested?
I didn't go there, and neither did Tom.
Tom said he was determined not to do that.
Could you show me a safer way to do that?
I didn't go because Tom told me not to.
Tom said he wants to stay at home all day.
Could you put this book on the top shelf?
I didn't give Tom what he asked me for.
Tom said he tried doing that once himself.
Could you fill up this bottle with water?
I didn't feel I needed to wait for Tom.
Tom said he thought I'd regret doing that.
Could you explain to me how you did that?
I didn't expect Tom to want to do that.
Tom said he thought I should study harder.
Could you come over to my place tomorrow?
I didn't expect Tom to show up on time.
Tom said he thought I should study French.
Can you tell me what you're trying to do?
I didn't expect Tom to react like that.
Tom said he really regrets not doing that.
Can you really stay in Boston all summer?
I didn't choose the same thing Tom did.
Tom said he never wanted to do that again.
Both of my grandmothers are still living.
I did what I could to help Tom do that.
Tom said he never expected this to happen.
Are you the one who wanted me to do that?
I can't play the mandolin, but Tom can.
Tom said he needs to learn how to do that.
Are you the one who wanted me to do that.
I assumed Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he knew what was going to happen.
Are you packed and ready to go to Boston?
I asked Tom to teach me how to do that.
Tom said he knew he might need to do that.
Are we going to be in Boston next winter?
I already know what Tom is going to do.
Tom said he knew he might have to do that.
Are there any customers in the store now?
How often is Tom late for appointments?
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to help us.
All four of my grandparents died in 2013.
How often does Tom eat dinner with you?
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that.
A few people at the party were Canadians.
How often do you go to Boston with Tom?
Tom said he hasn't noticed any difference.
Yours is better than that one, isn't it?
How many years has Tom been doing that?
Tom said he got paid extra for doing that.
You've made me very happy by doing that.
How many weeks has Tom been doing that?
Tom said he found it difficult to do that.
You've already eaten lunch, haven't you?
How many times a year does Tom do that?
Tom said he doesn't want to do that again.
You're too short to do that, aren't you?
How many times a week does Tom do that?
Tom said he doesn't think you can do that.
You're the person I've been waiting for.
How many hours has Tom been doing that?
Tom said he doesn't have health insurance.
You're the only one who passed the test.
How many days has Tom spent doing that?
Tom said he didn't want to try doing that.
You're the one who should be doing that.
How did you know what Tom needed to do?
Tom said he didn't want to live in Boston.
You're the first person to ever help me.
Has Tom ever stayed with you in Boston?
Tom said he didn't want to do it that way.
You're ready to do that now, aren't you?
From what I heard, Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that.
You're preparing to do that, aren't you?
Don't you want Tom to buy that for you?
Tom said he didn't really want to do that.
You're one of the tallest people I know.
Don't permit Tom to do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't really need to do that.
You're not as old as I thought you were.
Don't expect Tom to ever do that again.
Tom said he didn't really have to do that.
You're not a very good swimmer, are you?
Doing that would really make Tom happy.
Tom said he didn't mind doing that at all.
You're motivated to do that, aren't you?
Does Tom still work at the post office?
Tom said he didn't live in Boston anymore.
You're glad that I did that, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be disappointed?
Tom said he couldn't understand my French.
You're a student at Harvard, aren't you?
Do you think Tom is through doing that?
Tom said he couldn't do that anytime soon.
You're a popular teacher at this school.
Do you mean you didn't see Tom do that?
Tom said doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
You're a little over thirty, aren't you?
Do you know why Tom and I were arguing?
Tom said doing that would be a lot of fun.
You're a hardworking person, aren't you?
Do you know the reason why Tom is late?
Tom said doing that would be a good thing.
You'll won't have the chance to do that.
Do you know how Tom sprained his ankle?
Tom said I was the one who should do that.
You'll do that the next time, won't you?
Didn't you know where Tom wanted to go?
Tom said I should've done that last month.
You'll be punished if you do that again.
Didn't you know that Tom would do that?
Tom said I didn't sound very enthusiastic.
You'll be arrested if you do that again.
Didn't you know that Tom would be here?
Tom refused to do what I wanted him to do.
You wouldn't mind doing that, would you?
Didn't you know that Tom was a painter?
Tom recommends that you not do that again.
You won't permitted to do that anywhere.
Didn't you know Tom was living with us?
Tom quit his job soon after his wife died.
You won't do that by yourself, will you?
Didn't you know Tom plays the clarinet?
Tom put on someone else's coat by mistake.
You won't be permitted to do that again.
Didn't you know Tom is good at cooking?
Tom promised us he wouldn't do that again.
You won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Didn't you know Tom enjoyed doing that?
Tom probably won't have to wait very long.
You weren't forced to do that, were you?
Didn't you know Tom didn't need a visa?
Tom probably won't be doing that tomorrow.
You weren't afraid to do that, were you?
Didn't you know Tom could speak French?
Tom probably won't be called as a witness.
You were the one who told us to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and I were married?
Tom probably shouldn't do that by himself.
You were scared to do that, weren't you?
Did you know that Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom probably doesn't know that I'm hungry.
You were in Boston in 2013, weren't you?
Did you know that Tom is in Boston now?
Tom probably doesn't know that I hate him.
You were hoping to do that, weren't you?
Did you know that Tom is afraid of you?
Tom probably doesn't have time to do that.
You were forced to do that, weren't you?
Did you know Tom was going to say that?
Tom pretended he didn't understand French.
You think you should do that, don't you?
Did you know Tom was going to be there?
Tom plays the banjo as well as the guitar.
You think I'll do that later, don't you?
Did you know Tom was going to be fired?
Tom packed his lunch in a brown paper bag.
You think I ought to do that, don't you?
Did you know Tom was coming here today?
Tom only has three hours to get that done.
You shouldn't do that until I get there.
Both Tom and his son have been injured.
Tom only did that because you told him to.
You should've refused to stay in Boston.
Ask Tom if he wants to eat out tonight.
Tom often helps his mother in the kitchen.
You should wait until Monday to do that.
Ask Tom if he wants to do that with us.
Tom often falls asleep in front of the TV.
You should have someone do that for you.
Ask Tom if he can go to Boston with us.
Tom noticed that the garage door was open.
You should be through doing that by now.
As a matter of fact, Tom can't do that.
Tom never takes me out for dinner anymore.
You should be doing that somewhere else.
Aren't you mad that Tom didn't do that?
Tom moved to Boston just three months ago.
You should be doing that someplace else.
You're doing that for Tom, aren't you?
Tom looked like he was enjoying the party.
You seemed shy the first time I met you.
You'd better tell Tom to do that, too.
Tom lives in Boston with his grandparents.
You promised you wouldn't do that today.
You were lucky Tom helped you do that.
Tom let me know that he wanted to do that.
You promised you wouldn't do that again.
You told Tom you did that, didn't you?
Tom left the room to get a glass of water.
You promised to do that, but you didn't.
You think Tom will do that, don't you?
Tom leaves for work at 6:30 every morning.
You may use my surfboard if you want to.
You still don't like Tom much, do you?
Tom learned how to do that just last year.
You may use my lawnmower if you want to.
You spoke French with Tom, didn't you?
Tom knows who can sing well and who can't.
You may pick as many apples as you want.
You should tell Tom you won't do that.
Tom knows that now is the time to do that.
You may eat as many cookies as you want.
You should tell Tom you can't do that.
Tom knows it isn't a good idea to do that.
You look like you're enjoying the party.
You should get Tom to do that for you.
Tom knows he's not supposed to park there.
You look like you don't know what to do.
You should do that the way Tom did it.
Tom knows I was supposed to do that today.
You look just like a guy I used to know.
You seem to be a lot smarter than Tom.
Tom knew it wasn't a good idea to do that.
You know I'd hate to do that, don't you?
You know Tom can't do that, don't you?
Tom isn't very likely to enjoy that movie.
You know I shouldn't do that, don't you?
You hope Tom won't do that, don't you?
Tom isn't very good at doing that, either.
You know I can't be in Boston next week.
You don't want Tom to help me, do you?
Tom isn't under any obligation to do that.
You knew I couldn't do that, didn't you?
You don't want Tom to do that, do you?
Tom isn't sure who to give the message to.
You have to do that as soon as possible.
You don't want Tom doing that, do you?
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that today.
You gave a speech yesterday, didn't you?
You don't like Tom doing that, do you?
Tom isn't really sure what he ought to do.
You don't want to do that today, do you?
You did the same thing Tom did, right?
Tom isn't really sure what he needs to do.
You don't want to do that again, do you?
You always do that for Tom, don't you?
Tom isn't likely to permit you to do that.
You don't think I could do that, do you?
Would Tom still be willing to do that?
Tom isn't likely to be in Boston now.
You don't still want to do that, do you?
Why wasn't Tom in Boston last weekend?
Tom isn't going to hang out with us today.
You don't still need to do that, do you?
Why didn't Tom need to be there early?
Tom is too serious to consider doing that.
You don't still have to do that, do you?
Who told you Tom didn't like hot food?
Tom is the only one who's overweight here.
You don't seem to be willing to do that.
What should we do after Tom gets here?
Tom is the only one who needed to do that.
You don't really care what I do, do you?
What kind of trouble did Tom get into?
Tom is the only one who enjoys doing that.
You don't need my permission to do that.
What kind of treatment is Tom getting?
Tom is the most likely to want to do that.
You don't know what you've been missing.
What did you tell Tom he needed to do?
Tom is the guy over there with brown hair.
You don't have to get up early tomorrow.
What color shirt is Tom wearing today?
Tom is the first boy I ever went out with.
You don't have to do that today, do you?
What I'll do depends on what Tom does.
Tom is still thinking about what happened.
You don't have the authority to do that.
Were you in Boston with Tom last week?
Tom is still reluctant to do that for you.
You don't believe I can do that, do you?
We should let Tom go home early today.
Tom is sick, so he probably won't do that.
You didn't want to do that, did you?
There's no way Tom would've done that.
Tom is sick, so he can't do that today.
You didn't look like you were surprised.
The problem is that Tom won't do that.
Tom is scheduled to speak on October 20th.
You didn't look like you were exhausted.
The problem is that Tom can't do that.
Tom is saving money so he can buy a house.
You didn't get paid to do that, did you?
The only one under thirty here is Tom.
Tom is probably studying French right now.
You didn't even try to do that, did you?
The only one here who's afraid is Tom.
Tom is one of the three guys who did that.
You didn't come here yesterday, did you?
The money Tom found was in $100 bills.
Tom is one of the stingiest people I know.
You did that three days ago, didn't you?
The DA said he wouldn't prosecute Tom.
Tom is lucky to have so many good friends.
You bought a coat yesterday, didn't you?
Tell Tom he has to do that by himself.
Tom is likely to be outside near the pool.
You bought a bottle of wine, didn't you?
Tell Tom I won't study French tonight.
Tom is likely to be in Boston next Monday.
You aren't supposed to be here, are you?
Please tell Tom to do that by himself.
Tom is likely to be determined to do that.
You apparently shouldn't have done that.
Please tell Tom I won't do that again.
Tom is likely be hungry when he gets home.
You already seem to know how to do that.
Perhaps Tom doesn't understand French.
Tom is in his bedroom, counting his money.
Yesterday was my grandmother's birthday.
Perhaps Tom can go to Boston with you.
Tom is good at giving simple explanations.
Would you give me permission to do that?
Maybe Tom wasn't the one who did that.
Tom is going to go to Boston next weekend.
Will it be all right if I do that today?
Maybe Tom doesn't know why we're here.
Tom is going to Boston again next weekend.
Why don't you to do that sometime today?
It's quite possible that Tom did that.
Tom is busy and can't meet with you today.
Why do you think people like to do that?
It's possible that Tom did that alone.
Tom is among those are planning to attend.
Who's the tallest person in your family?
It would be stupid for Tom to do that.
Tom is also mentioned in the book as well.
Who's the most creative person you know?
It would be nice if Tom could do that.
Tom is actually a very good soccer player.
Who were you waiting for here yesterday?
It won't be long before Tom does that.
Tom is able to speak three languages well.
Who told you you didn't need to do that?
It seemed like Tom had fun doing that.
Tom is able to play the bassoon very well.
Who told you you didn't have to do that?
It seemed like Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom hurt himself when he tried to do that.
Who told you that you needed to do that?
It looks like Tom does that very well.
Tom hopes to be in Boston by late October.
Who told you I wouldn't want to do that?
It looked like Tom had fun doing that.
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to do that.
Which do you like better, coffee or tea?
Is Tom the only one who can't do that?
Tom has vowed that he won't do that again.
When does the bus leave for the airport?
If I don't do that, Tom will be angry.
Tom has very little experience doing that.
When are you going to finish doing that?
I've made sure that Tom won't do that.
Tom has until next month to get that done.
What software do you use the most often?
I've forgotten the name of Tom's wife.
Tom has to be finished doing that by 2:30.
What makes you think we have to do that?
I'm the only person Tom ever talks to.
Tom has three times as much money as I do.
What kinds of books do you like to read?
I'm sure that's not the movie Tom saw.
Tom has suggested that we eat out tonight.
What kind of music do you like the most?
I'm sure that's not the car Tom wants.
Tom has lived abroad for most of his life.
What do you want to do tomorrow morning?
I'm sure Tom will know how to do that.
Tom has half again as many stamps as I do.
We're three months away from graduation.
I'm sure Tom will be eager to do that.
Tom has had many opportunities to do that.
We're going to stay in Boston all month.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be alone.
Tom has enough money to buy what he wants.
We won't wait for you, so don't be late.
I'm positive Tom will be able to do that.
Tom has enough money to buy what he needs.
We were doing that just a few hours ago.
I'm not sure what kind of car Tom has.
We tried many different ways to do that.
I'm going to Boston with Tom tomorrow.
Tom has decided to try doing that himself.
We should talk to each other more often.
I'm doing the same thing Tom is doing.
Tom has decided to move back to Australia.
We really should be in Boston right now.
I'll do that for Tom if he asks me to.
Tom has decided to leave tomorrow morning.
We probably won't have to do that again.
I'll do that again if Tom wants me to.
Tom has decided to come back to Australia.
We need to deal with that problem today.
I'd rather stay here than go to Tom's.
Tom has been using crutches to get around.
We might actually be in Boston all year.
I'd never seen Tom that scared before.
Tom has been told he should wear a helmet.
We left Boston at 2:30 in the afternoon.
I'd never seen Tom that afraid before.
Tom has been the chairman for three years.
We have to do that before it's too late.
I'd expected Tom to do that yesterday.
Tom has been struggling to make ends meet.
We got another chance to try doing that.
I'd expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom has been mugged three times this year.
We didn't come to Boston last Christmas.
I'd do that for Tom if he asked me to.
Tom has been helping me for quite a while.
We couldn't go to Boston last Christmas.
I wouldn't forgive Tom if he did that.
Tom has been doing that since last summer.
We almost never see rabbits around here.
I would've advised Tom not to do that.
Tom has been doing that since he was born.
Walking with a dog is my responsibility.
I wonder why Tom doesn't wear glasses.
Tom has been asking me a lot of questions.
Unfortunately, I can't buy that for you.
I wonder who'll go to Boston with Tom.
Tom has been accused of inciting violence.
Today we'll eat dinner later than usual.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that.
Tom has also written many articles for us.
This supermarket is open 24 hours a day.
I wonder whether Tom needs to do that.
Tom has also spent some time in Australia.
This place is famous for its waterfalls.
I wonder if Tom was trying to do that.
Tom has already told me I need to do that.
This morning's meeting wasn't very long.
I wonder if Tom knows he's overweight.
Tom has already told me I have to do that.
This kind of weather isn't that unusual.
I wonder if Tom is tempted to do that.
Tom has already been here for three hours.
This is the last time I plan to do this.
I wonder if Tom has done that already.
Tom has already apologized for doing that.
This is a letter from one of my friends.
I won't permit Tom to do that anymore.
Tom has advised me not to stop doing that.
This beach is very popular with surfers.
I won't be able to get Tom to do that.
Tom has advised me not to do that anymore.
This beach is also popular with surfers.
I wish I'd never asked Tom to do that.
Tom has a very beautiful teenage daughter.
This area is famous for beautiful women.
I wish I were with Tom back in Boston.
Tom grows tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce.
They violated the terms of the contract.
I wish I hadn't played chess with Tom.
Tom grew a beard so he'd look more mature.
They come here every day in the evening.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom.
Tom got the highest grade on today's test.
There was nothing I could do about that.
I wasn't with Tom yesterday afternoon.
Tom got a very high score on today's test.
The past three days have been very hard.
I wasn't expecting Tom to be there.
Tom goes to the park almost every morning.
The past three days have been very cold.
I was hoping Tom could do that for me.
Tom gave me advice on which stocks to buy.
The lady behind the counter seemed nice.
I was hoping I could help Tom do that.
Tom gave concerts until his death in 2013.
The girl carrying a banjo seemed scared.
I wanted to go wherever Tom was going.
Tom frequently does that when he's scared.
The first thing I noticed was the smell.
I wanted to go to Boston to visit Tom.
Tom finally managed to buy what he needed.
The boy carrying a ukulele was barefoot.
I want to see Tom riding his unicycle.
Tom doesn't yet realize what he has to do.
That's the woman who told me what to do.
I want to know what Tom said about me.
Tom doesn't want you to do that right now.
That's the woman who sold me the ticket.
I want to give my old computer to Tom.
Tom doesn't want to go and I don't either.
That was the first time I ever did that.
I want Tom to teach me how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be the one to do that.
That was my first time to eat horsemeat.
I understand why Tom wants to do that.
Tom doesn't think you're going to do that.
Surely you can find the time to do that.
I tried to talk Tom out of doing that.
Tom doesn't think you should've done that.
Shouldn't you be doing that by yourself?
I tried to help Tom decide what to do.
Tom doesn't think you know how to do that.
Please don't forget to bring a sandwich.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that for him.
Tom doesn't think we can do that, does he?
People hear only what they want to hear.
I told Tom I thought he could do that.
Tom doesn't think he's allowed to do that.
Only teenagers are permitted to do that.
I thought you said Tom should do that.
Tom doesn't think he has to do that today.
One of your front tires looks a bit low.
I thought you said Tom had to do that.
Tom doesn't think he can do that, does he?
One of us has to go to Boston next week.
I thought you said Tom didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to want to be doing this.
One of my sisters became an interpreter.
I thought Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that.
My youngest daughter is three years old.
I thought Tom would do that yesterday.
Tom doesn't seem aware of what's going on.
My suitcase is over there next to yours.
I thought Tom would be retired by now.
Tom doesn't remember asking me to do that.
My great-grandfather was a teacher, too.
I thought Tom would be home on Monday.
Tom doesn't recommend doing that that way.
May I leave as soon as I finish my work?
I thought Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Tom doesn't pay attention to his teachers.
Mary is the most beautiful woman I know.
I thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom doesn't often get a chance to do that.
It's very nice of you to do that for me.
I thought Tom wasn't going to be here.
Tom doesn't make me laugh like he used to.
It's time for you to pack up your stuff.
I thought Tom was unlikely to do that.
Tom doesn't look even a little bit scared.
It's quite possible that that'll happen.
I thought Tom was finished doing that.
Tom doesn't like to get his picture taken.
It's been fun hanging out with you guys.
I thought Tom had forgotten something.
Tom doesn't know there's still work to do.
It's become necessary for me to do that.
I thought Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't know that I think he's stupid.
It'll probably be impossible to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be upset by that.
Tom doesn't know how to speak to children.
It'll probably be depressing to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
Tom doesn't know how to play the mandolin.
It'll be boring if I don't do something.
I think Tom would have fun doing that.
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need.
It would've been interesting to do that.
I think Tom would be happy to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much money was taken.
It would be unethical for me to do that.
I think Tom won't be ready to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
It would be ridiculous to do that again.
I think Tom won't be here much longer.
Tom doesn't know any other way to do that.
It would be nice if you did that for me.
I think Tom will likely do that later.
Tom doesn't have the willpower to do that.
It would be impossible to do that again.
I think Tom went to Boston last month.
Tom doesn't have the authority to do that.
It would be good if you did that for me.
I think Tom might be a little nervous.
Tom doesn't have my permission to do that.
It would be easy to do that by yourself.
I think Tom is the only Canadian here.
Tom doesn't have as much patience as I do.
It would be depressing to do that again.
I think Tom is considering doing that.
Tom doesn't get paid very much to do that.
It would be dangerous for us to do that.
I think Tom has considered doing that.
Tom doesn't feel we're helping him enough.
It would be amazing if we could do that.
I think Tom did that better this time.
Tom doesn't ever come to visit us anymore.
It would be a very good idea to do that.
I think Tom could pass for a teenager.
Tom doesn't do that kind of thing anymore.
It sounds like I didn't have to do that.
I think Tom could do that if he tried.
Tom doesn't do that as much as he used to.
It looks like you're enjoying the party.
I think I know why Tom had to do that.
Tom doesn't do much other than read books.
It looks like you have done that before.
I think I know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom does play the saxophone, but not well.
Is there any chance that you'll do that?
I think I can do that faster than Tom.
Tom does almost anything he's asked to do.
If you do that, it'll cause me problems.
I still have the umbrella Tom lent me.
Tom died on the same day his son was born.
I've seen this happen many times before.
I shouldn't have told Tom my password.
Tom died from his wounds three days later.
I've seen that happen many times before.
I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he had to.
I've given up on the idea of doing that.
I should've let you talk to Tom first.
Tom didn't tell us what his last name was.
I've been trying to eat a balanced diet.
I should've let Tom talk to you first.
Tom didn't tell me he intended to do that.
I've been told to do that several times.
I should've invited Tom, but I didn't.
Tom didn't seem to know what he should do.
I've been charged with attempted murder.
I should've helped Tom move the couch.
Tom didn't seem to know what he had to do.
I've been asked not to help you do that.
I should've asked Tom why he did that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him.
I'm wondering whether to do that or not.
I should tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom didn't say what he had planned to say.
I'm very happy that you did that for me.
I should tell Tom what has to be done.
Tom didn't really want to do that, did he?
I'm too young to get a driver's license.
I should probably tell Tom to do that.
Tom didn't really need to do that, did he?
I'm sure you could do that if you tried.
I should probably tell Tom I'm sleepy.
Tom didn't really mean to do that, did he?
I'm sure that I won't forget to do that.
I should probably tell Tom I'm hungry.
Tom didn't really have to do that, did he?
I'm sorry, but I can't do that tomorrow.
I should give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom didn't know when he needed to do that.
I'm not the only one who has to do that.
I seem to know a great deal about Tom.
Tom didn't know that you couldn't do that.
I'm not the only one allowed to do that.
I reminded Tom that he had to do that.
Tom didn't know that he needed to do that.
I'm going to have to do that eventually.
I promised to show Tom how to do that.
Tom didn't know how long he'd been asleep.
I'm going to Boston tomorrow to do that.
I often order the same thing Tom does.
Tom didn't know he didn't need to do that.
I'm glad that I've never been kidnapped.
I now know why Tom is still unmarried.
Tom didn't know he didn't have to do that.
I'm currently on the board of directors.
I need to borrow money from Tom again.
Tom didn't know I was supposed to do that.
I'll try to do that as soon as possible.
I lied to Tom when I said I'd do that.
Tom didn't even try to get out of the way.
I'll never be able to do that by myself.
I know why Tom is supposed to do that.
Tom didn't do that for me but for himself.
I'll do that tomorrow and the day after.
I know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't come to French class yesterday.
I'll be the only one allowed to do that.
I know that Tom is usually reasonable.
Tom did that for us for quite a few years.
I'd like you to do that for me tomorrow.
I know that Tom is anxious to do that.
Tom did that even better than we expected.
I'd like to hear more about your theory.
I know that Tom hardly ever does that.
Tom did that about as well as we expected.
I'd do that for you if you wanted me to.
I know that Tom doesn't often do that.
Tom couldn't think of a good hiding place.
I'd be thankful if you'd let me do that.
I know I'll need to help Tom tomorrow.
Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
I'd be thankful if you'd do that for me.
I knew why Tom wasn't able to do that.
Tom couldn't do that even if he wanted to.
I wouldn't do that even if they paid me.
I knew Tom wasn't planning to do that.
Tom could've retired, but he chose not to.
I worried I wouldn't be able to do that.
I hope that Tom won't do that anymore.
Tom could've been the last one to do that.
I wonder if it would be safe to do that.
I hope Tom won't be afraid to do that.
Tom could've been excused from doing that.
I won't need to come so early next time.
I hope Tom knows who wants to do that.
Tom could possibly be considered handsome.
I won't have to come so early next time.
I hope Tom knows who needs to do that.
Tom could never do that as well as you do.
I won't do that, no matter what happens.
I hope Tom isn't reluctant to do that.
Tom could get up to three years in prison.
I wish you wouldn't do that by yourself.
I hope Tom isn't motivated to do that.
Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
I wish I'd been tough enough to do that.
I hope Tom isn't desperate to do that.
Tom could get hurt if he tried to do that.
I wish I could understand French better.
I hope Tom is the next one to do that.
Tom caught a couple of big fish yesterday.
I wasn't the one who opened the windows.
I hope Tom is the last one to do that.
Tom came close to being run over by a car.
I wasn't sure if I could do that or not.
I hope Tom is in Boston all next week.
Tom calls his mother at least once a week.
I wasn't aware that I was being watched.
I hope Tom is forgiven for doing that.
Tom bought his wife everything she wanted.
I was told that I don't need to do that.
I hope Tom is excused from doing that.
Tom began to do that just a few weeks ago.
I was told that I don't have to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't tell us to do that.
Tom began doing that when he was thirteen.
I was the only one permitted to do that.
I helped Tom with his science project.
Tom backed the car into the parking space.
I was never given the chance to do that.
I helped Tom pull weeds in the garden.
Tom asked me why I hadn't eaten breakfast.
I was much busier than I thought I'd be.
I helped Tom pack his things in boxes.
Tom asked me to come to his house tonight.
I was at Harvard the same time you were.
I helped Tom clean up after the party.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that today.
I was afraid of snakes when I was a kid.
I helped Tom buy everything he needed.
Tom apologized to us for having done that.
I was a bartender when I was in college.
I heard that Tom doesn't do that much.
Tom and his family visited us last summer.
I want to try to do that again tomorrow.
I haven't met either of Tom's parents.
Tom and a few others were here until 2:30.
I want to know why you haven't left yet.
I have no idea why Tom had to do that.
Tom and I've just gotten back from Boston.
I want to know what you'd like to drink.
I had a hard time finding Tom's house.
Tom and I've been married for three years.
I want to know how much money you spent.
I go to the same school that Tom does.
Tom and I've been discussing that problem.
I want to have my car painted dark blue.
I don't want to tell Tom how old I am.
Tom and I'll be in Boston for three weeks.
I want to do that, but I don't know how.
I don't want to live next door to Tom.
Tom and I'll be getting married next year.
I want to become a pilot like my father.
I don't want to let Tom into my house.
Tom and I worked together on that project.
I want to be a famous basketball player.
I don't want to eat the stew Tom made.
Tom and I went skating together on Monday.
I used to go to Boston quite frequently.
I don't want to do what Tom suggested.
Tom and I went ice-skating a few days ago.
I thought you were supposed to be there.
I don't want to do that, but Tom does.
Tom and I wanted to make each other happy.
I thought I might be allowed to do that.
I don't want to buy anything from Tom.
Tom and I wanted to go to Boston together.
I think that it's not proper to do that.
I don't want to answer Tom's question.
Tom and I want to buy a house with a pool.
I think it's probably unsafe to do that.
I don't want Tom to do that right now.
Tom and I walked down the stairs together.
I think it's little too late to do that.
I don't think that Tom was having fun.
Tom and I usually walk to school together.
I think it might not be wise to do that.
I don't think that Tom should do that.
Tom and I used to work in the same office.
I think it might not be safe to do that.
I don't think Tom would be interested.
Tom and I talked about all kinds of stuff.
I think it might not be easy to do that.
I don't think Tom will really do that.
Tom and I study at different universities.
I think I'd be able to help you do that.
I don't think Tom will likely do that.
Tom and I still aren't out of high school.
I think I can do that without your help.
I don't think Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom and I seldom give each other presents.
I suppose I could go to Boston with you.
I don't think Tom will be disobedient.
Tom and I lived in Boston for a long time.
I started reading this book last Monday.
I don't think Tom will be discouraged.
Tom and I like to play badminton together.
I shouldn't have tried to do that alone.
I don't think Tom will be cooperative.
Tom and I have quit talking to each other.
I should've studied harder for the test.
I don't think Tom should've done that.
Tom and I hardly ever speak to each other.
I should've stayed for a few more hours.
I don't think Tom needs a new bicycle.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at your party.
I should've been at yesterday's meeting.
I don't think Tom is smarter than you.
Tom and I drank a bottle of wine together.
I should go ahead and do that by myself.
I don't think Tom is being reasonable.
Tom and I don't see each other very often.
I should be getting ready for the party.
I don't think Tom enjoyed the concert.
Tom and I don't like each other very much.
I should be finished doing that by 2:30.
I don't really like Tom all that much.
Tom and I did everything we could to help.
I really can't come to Boston next week.
I don't really enjoy singing with Tom.
Tom and I can't seem to agree on anything.
I promise that I'll be there in an hour.
I don't really care how Tom does that.
Tom and I became engaged three months ago.
I probably won't go to Boston this year.
I don't need to do that, but Tom does.
Tom and I baked three pies this afternoon.
I never expected this to happen so soon.
I don't like the way Tom makes coffee.
Tom and I are thinking of getting married.
I need to remember to do that on Monday.
I don't like doing that, but Tom does.
Tom and I are staying at the Hilton Hotel.
I might need to go to Boston in October.
I don't like any of Tom's suggestions.
Tom and I are getting married next spring.
I love you more than I love anyone else.
I don't know why Tom wasn't at school.
Tom always leaves all his curtains closed.
I looked at my reflection in the window.
I don't know why Tom wants to do that.
Tom almost never goes to places like that.
I looked at my reflection in the mirror.
I don't know why Tom needs to do that.
Tom almost hurt himself trying to do that.
I learned how to milk a cow last summer.
I don't know why Tom is so successful.
Tom almost did that when he was in Boston.
I learned how to do that just last week.
I don't know why Tom doesn't eat meat.
Tom almost always laughs at his own jokes.
I know I'm supposed to do that tomorrow.
I don't know where Tom's parents live.
Tom Jackson is one of my favorite authors.
I knew doing that would be a lot of fun.
I don't know where Tom went to school.
Tom, when was it that you went to Boston?
I hope you'll come to my birthday party.
I don't know where Tom studies French.
Tom's speech was only three minutes long.
I hope you don't get injured doing that.
I don't know where Tom studied French.
Tom's paintings didn't impress me at all.
I hope we get paid extra for doing that.
I don't know where Tom parked the car.
Tom's office is very different from mine.
I helped myself to another piece of pie.
I don't know where Tom parked his car.
Tom's house is surrounded by apple trees.
I helped everyone who asked me for help.
I don't know what Tom's last name was.
Tom's hearing has gradually gotten worse.
I haven't done that very many times yet.
I don't know what Tom is trying to do.
Tom's guitar wasn't damaged in the flood.
I have to finish doing this before 2:30.
I don't know how to get a hold of Tom.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I needed to do.
I had no idea that I was being impolite.
I don't know how much money Tom makes.
Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to do that.
I had a lot of difficulty in doing that.
I don't have to do that, but Tom does.
Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I had a headache, so I couldn't do that.
I don't eat meat and neither does Tom.
Tom would have to be an idiot to do that.
I guess I should've done that yesterday.
I don't do that the same way Tom does.
Tom would do that himself if he knew how.
I get up at the same time every morning.
I don't care whether Tom stays or not.
Tom works at night and sleeps during day.
I forgot that I had promised to do that.
I don't care where Tom goes to school.
Tom won't likely want to do that anymore.
I don't want you to do that by yourself.
I don't believe most of what Tom says.
Tom won't likely need to do that anymore.
I don't want to tell you how I did that.
I didn't want to play tennis with Tom.
Tom won't likely have to do that anymore.
I don't want to show you how to do that.
I didn't want to go swimming with Tom.
Tom won't likely get tired of doing that.
I don't want to go to the park with you.
I didn't want to buy anything for Tom.
Tom won't likely be reluctant to do that.
I don't want to go camping next weekend.
I didn't want the present Tom gave me.
Tom won't likely be motivated to do that.
I don't want to give anything to anyone.
I didn't want anything to do with Tom.
Tom won't likely be in Boston next month.
I don't want to do something I'd regret.
I didn't want Tom to worry about that.
Tom won't likely be desperate to do that.
I don't want to deal with what happened.
I didn't want Tom to come to my party.
Tom won't likely be back from Boston yet.
I don't want to be a lawyer or a doctor.
I didn't want Tom to become a soldier.
Tom won't be staying in Boston very long.
I don't understand why we're doing this.
I didn't think what Tom did was funny.
Tom won't be permitted to do that either.
I don't understand why I should do that.
I didn't think that Tom would kiss me.
Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
I don't think we really need to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would do that.
Tom will wait as long as you tell him to.
I don't think we really have to do that.
I didn't think that Tom could do that.
Tom will probably do that this afternoon.
I don't think there's a market for that.
I didn't think Tom's jokes were funny.
Tom will probably do that again tomorrow.
I don't think that's such a big problem.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston.
Tom will probably be stubborn about that.
I don't think that what I did was wrong.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised.
Tom will probably be sensible about that.
I don't think it's wise to do that here.
I didn't think Tom would be impressed.
Tom will probably be hesitant to do that.
I don't think it'll snow this afternoon.
I didn't think Tom had ever done that.
Tom will probably be here this afternoon.
I don't think I have to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom will probably be doing that tomorrow.
I don't play chess as well as I used to.
I didn't tell Tom who to give that to.
Tom will probably be called as a witness.
I don't need your permission to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what has to be done.
Tom will likely be in Boston next Monday.
I don't need to know where you're going.
I didn't tell Tom what had to be done.
Tom will likely be determined to do that.
I don't need to finish doing this today.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to do.
Tom will have to do that sooner or later.
I don't need to come back here tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom what I needed to do.
Tom will be through doing that by Monday.
I don't mind whether you do that or not.
I didn't tell Tom anything about that.
Tom will be speaking in Boston on Monday.
I don't mind if you do that before I do.
I didn't tell Tom I'd gotten divorced.
Tom will apparently be on the same train.
I don't live very far from where I work.
I didn't tell Tom I wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't very interested in doing that.
I don't like to lend my books to anyone.
I didn't reply to Tom's email message.
Tom wasn't the only Canadian in the room.
I don't like to do that, but I'll do it.
I didn't really want to talk with Tom.
Tom wasn't the one who helped me do that.
I don't like milk or cream in my coffee.
I didn't really expect Tom to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who actually did that.
I don't let my children go out at night.
I didn't realize Tom had already left.
Tom wasn't actually the one who did that.
I don't know what you are talking about.
I didn't notice what Tom was drinking.
Tom was the only person who was arrested.
I don't know much about classical music.
I didn't like the way Tom spoke to me.
Tom was the first person to ever help me.
I don't know how to start my lawn mower.
I didn't know why Tom doesn't like me.
Tom was locked in a room without windows.
I don't know how to eat with chopsticks.
I didn't know where Tom wanted to eat.
Tom was convinced that he had to do that.
I don't know how much time we have left.
I didn't know what was wrong with Tom.
Tom was being taken care of by his uncle.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait.
I didn't know what Tom intended to do.
Tom was able to do that without any help.
I don't know exactly how long we waited.
I didn't know that Tom would say that.
Tom wants to become a singer or an actor.
I don't know anything about the robbery.
I didn't know that Tom would be there.
Tom wants to be the first one to do that.
I don't have very many Canadian friends.
I didn't know that Tom was doing that.
Tom wants me to go to the dance with him.
I don't have to finish doing this today.
I didn't know that Tom was a Canadian.
Tom wanted to be the next one to do that.
I don't have to come back here tomorrow.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that.
Tom wanted to be the last one to do that.
I don't have much in my savings account.
I didn't know that Tom had three cats.
Tom wanted to be excused from doing that.
I don't have as much patience as you do.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like me.
Tom wanted to be at home with his family.
I don't have any trouble falling asleep.
I didn't know Tom would do that today.
Tom tried many different ways to do that.
I don't have any friends here in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was still in prison.
Tom tried figure out how to open the box.
I don't go fishing as much as I used to.
I didn't have to thank Tom, but I did.
Tom told us he didn't want us to do that.
I don't feel like playing outside today.
I didn't give Tom a chance to do that.
Tom told people what they needed to know.
I don't ever want to go to Boston again.
I didn't expect Tom to be so friendly.
Tom told me to be sure to try to do that.
I don't do that as often as I'd like to.
I didn't do everything Tom says I did.
Tom told me the picnic has been canceled.
I don't come here as often as I used to.
I didn't discuss the problem with Tom.
Tom told me that you're a French teacher.
I don't care whether you do that or not.
I didn't buy what Tom asked me to buy.
Tom told me that he's through doing that.
I don't care what happens to my old car.
I did everything the same way Tom did.
Tom told me that he's tempted to do that.
I don't allow my children to drink wine.
I couldn't get Tom to change his mind.
Tom told me that he'll be home on Monday.
I don't actually live in Boston anymore.
I couldn't forgive Tom if he did that.
Tom told me that he got here early today.
I didn't want to talk about my problems.
I can't remember what Tom said he did.
Tom told me that I should come home soon.
I didn't want to take that kind of risk.
I can tell that Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom told me he'd wait until we got there.
I didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
I can do that way better than Tom can.
Tom thinks that doing that is a bad idea.
I didn't want to buy a new refrigerator.
I asked Tom if he wanted to go abroad.
Tom thinks doing that would be a mistake.
I didn't want to admit that I was wrong.
I already know what Tom intends to do.
Tom surprised all of us when he did that.
I didn't understand what was being said.
I advised Tom not to do that too much.
Tom sure didn't throw the ball very well.
I didn't think you'd be absent all week.
How many times a day does Tom do that?
Tom suggested that we take a short break.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
How many hours a day does Tom do that?
Tom still won't talk about what happened.
I didn't think you would be so careless.
How many days has Tom been doing that?
Tom still isn't very good at windsurfing.
I didn't think that would embarrass you.
How did you know Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom still does that as often as possible.
I didn't think that was going to happen.
Don't forget to remind Tom to do that.
Tom started working here on October 20th.
I didn't think doing that would be safe.
Do you think Tom would likely do that?
Tom sprained his left ankle when he fell.
I didn't think I'd be busy this morning.
Do you think Tom will need to do that?
Tom sounds an awful lot like his brother.
I didn't think I was violating any laws.
Do you think Tom will have to do that?
Tom sometimes does that when he's upset.
I didn't tell anyone what my plans were.
Do you think Tom will be enthusiastic?
Tom sometimes does that when he's sleepy.
I didn't really need to get up so early.
Do you think Tom should do that alone?
Tom sometimes does that when he's hungry.
I didn't really feel like working today.
Do you think Tom might be sympathetic?
Tom shouldn't have done that, but he did.
I didn't mind helping you do the dishes.
Do you think Tom is afraid to do that?
Tom should've visited Boston last summer.
I didn't know your uncle lived with you.
Do you know why Tom needed to do that?
Tom should've stayed in Boston last week.
I didn't know you were going to do that.
Do you have any idea what Tom will do?
Tom should've had a little more patience.
I didn't know who was going to be there.
Didn't you know that Tom was Canadian?
Tom should've been in Boston last Monday.
I didn't know when I needed to be there.
Didn't you know Tom wasn't happy here?
Tom should try not to make so much noise.
I didn't know what was in the briefcase.
Didn't you know Tom wanted to do that?
Tom should seriously consider doing that.
I didn't know that you had so many cats.
Didn't you know Tom needed to do that?
Tom should be through doing that by 2:30.
I didn't know that you couldn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom is good at French?
Tom should be present at today's meeting.
I didn't know that what I did was wrong.
Did you know that Tom was lying to me?
Tom should be glad he's not here with us.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that.
Did you know that Tom used to do that?
Tom should be finished doing that by now.
I didn't have to go to Boston last week.
Did you know Tom was still doing that?
Tom should be able to do that on his own.
I didn't have time, so I didn't do that.
Did you know Tom was living in Boston?
Tom seriously has to consider doing that.
I didn't have time to do that yesterday.
Did you know Tom was going to be late?
Tom seems to be aware of what's going on.
I didn't have the confidence to do that.
Did you know Tom bought a condominium?
Tom says the truck is still being loaded.
I didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Both of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
Tom says it's little too late to do that.
I didn't have any idea what I should do.
Both of Tom's brothers are in custody.
Tom says he's willing to do that for you.
I didn't have any difficulty doing that.
Both of Tom's brothers are doing that.
Tom says he's waiting for that to happen.
I didn't have a place to stay in Boston.
Are you sure Tom is going to be there?
Tom says he's read that book three times.
I didn't get to finish what I was doing.
Are you just going to let Tom do that?
Tom says he's been beaten up three times.
I didn't get married until I was thirty.
An ambulance took Tom to the hospital.
Tom says he's already decided to do that.
I didn't feel like doing that yesterday.
A mutual friend introduced Tom and me.
Tom says he wouldn't have paid that much.
I didn't do that because it was raining.
You've seen Tom do that, haven't you?
Tom says he won't be in Boston next week.
I didn't care whether we stayed or left.
You'll ask Tom to do that, won't you?
Tom says he wants to continue doing that.
I didn't buy everything I needed to buy.
You won't help Tom do that, will you?
Tom says he tries to do that once a week.
I couldn't have done that better myself.
You urged Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom says he never wants to do that again.
I can do that for you if you want me to.
You told Tom I'd do that, didn't you?
Tom says he makes thirty dollars an hour.
I bought this watch at an antique store.
You thought Tom did that, didn't you?
Tom says he hopes that you don't do that.
I bet it's not too difficult to do that.
You should try to get Tom to do that.
Tom says he finds doing that interesting.
I ate dinner at an expensive restaurant.
You should tell Tom leave right away.
Tom says he doesn't want to go to Boston.
How often are you late for appointments?
You should probably help Tom do that.
Tom says he doesn't think that'll happen.
How many years have you been doing that?
You should have Tom buy that for you.
Tom says he doesn't think he can do that.
How many weeks have you been doing that?
You saw how Tom did that, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't like living downtown.
How many weeks did you spend doing that?
You need to go to Boston to help Tom.
Tom says he doesn't have time to do that.
How many times a week do you go jogging?
You know you can always count on Tom.
Tom says he doesn't feel that way at all.
How many times a day do you drink water?
You know why Tom did that, don't you?
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that.
How many seconds did it take to do that?
You expect Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom says he doesn't believe you did that.
How many movies did you watch last week?
You don't think Tom did that, do you?
Tom says he can't stand people like that.
How many months will it take to do that?
You didn't make Tom do that, did you?
Tom says he always knew he could do that.
How many months does it take to do that?
You didn't help Tom do that, did you?
Tom says he already has plans for Monday.
How many minutes did it take to do that?
You dared Tom to do that, didn't you?
Tom says Boston is a great place to live.
How many hours have you been doing that?
You can ask Tom yourself if you want.
Tom say you want to go to Boston with us.
How many days have you spent doing that?
Would it be OK if Tom didn't do that?
Tom saw the what happened from his porch.
How many books did you read last summer?
Won't you please tell Tom to do that?
Tom sat on a box, looking out the window.
How long did you have to wait for a bus?
Will Tom be in Boston on Monday, too?
Tom sat next to me in church last Sunday.
How did you know roses were my favorite?
Why doesn't Tom have to pay anything?
Tom saluted the flag with his right hand.
Half of these things are from Australia.
Why doesn't Tom have to go to Boston?
Tom said we weren't allowed to swim here.
Gold is much more expensive than silver.
Why do you want to break up with Tom?
Tom said that's not what he wanted to do.
Even if it rains, I'll do that tomorrow.
Why didn't you permit Tom to do that?
Tom said that's not what he needed to do.
Even if it rains tomorrow, I'll do that.
Why did Tom say he wanted to do that?
Tom said that would probably happen soon.
Don't try to do that when you're sleepy.
Why did Tom not want to go to Boston?
Tom said that probably won't happen soon.
Don't do that again until I tell you to.
Who told you Tom would be here today?
Tom said that he'll be back home by 2:30.
Doctors have been unable to find a cure.
Who told you Tom was in the hospital?
Tom said that he wasn't going to do that.
Do you think you could do that tomorrow?
Who told you Tom had been doing that?
Tom said that he was having a lot of fun.
Do you think it would be fun to do that?
What'll we do if Tom doesn't do that?
Tom said it was his first time in Boston.
Do you think I could do that if I tried?
What do you think Tom will likely do?
Tom said his knees hurt most of the time.
Do you really think you have to do that?
We expect Tom to do that later today.
Tom said he's only tried doing that once.
Do you mind if I don't do that tomorrow?
There's no way Tom will ever do that.
Tom said he's only done that three times.
Do you mean you didn't actually do that?
There's a doghouse in Tom's backyard.
Tom said he's been waiting for some time.
Do you know anyone who's good at French?
The only one over thirty here is Tom.
Tom said he's been trying to lose weight.
Do you have any idea what we need to do?
That's the reason Tom went to Boston.
Tom said he's been told to do that again.
Do you have any idea what we have to do?
That's the reason Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he's been having fun doing that.
Do you buy organically grown vegetables?
Please tell me when Tom will do that.
Tom said he's been having fun being here.
Do I have to have permission to do that?
Please tell Tom to close the windows.
Tom said he's always been good at sports.
Didn't you used to be a student of mine?
Please tell Tom that I won't do that.
Tom said he'll help us if we want him to.
Didn't you used to be a patient of mine?
Please tell Tom not to do that again.
Tom said he'll do that as soon as he can.
Didn't you know that your door was open?
Please tell Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tom said he'd help me if I wanted him to.
Didn't you know I don't have to do that?
Please make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Tom said he'd finish doing that tomorrow.
Did you want me to do something for you?
Please listen to what Tom has to say.
Tom said he'd do that if I wanted him to.
Did you know what you were getting into?
Please help Tom do that after supper.
Tom said he'd be the next one to do that.
Did you know it was possible to do that?
Perhaps Tom can get a job at the zoo.
Tom said he'd be the last one to do that.
Did you know I was going to be arrested?
My hands are small compared to Tom's.
Tom said he'd be afraid to do that alone.
Can you really make a living doing this?
Maybe we can stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom said he'd be able to help us do that.
Both of your rear tires looks a bit low.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what happened.
Tom said he wouldn't do that voluntarily.
Both of us don't want to work in Boston.
It's strange that Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he won't be in Boston next week.
Both of my sisters died in the accident.
It's quite possible Tom will do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure he could do that.
Aren't you the one who needs to do that?
It would be nice to do that with Tom.
Tom said he wasn't a good French speaker.
Aren't we going go to Boston in October?
It was insensitive of Tom to do that.
Tom said he was tired of giving speeches.
Are you sure we're permitted to do that?
It took Tom several hours to do that.
Tom said he was hoping you could do that.
Are there many movie theaters in Boston?
It seems that Tom did that yesterday.
Tom said he was home in bed with the flu.
Are there any foods that you don't like?
Is it true that Tom wants to do that?
Tom said he was happy he got there early.
Are both of your parents musicians, too?
Is Tom still living with his parents?
Tom said he was going to help us do that.
"Have you done that yet?" "No, not yet."
Is Tom Jackson one of your employees?
Tom said he was going to do that himself.
Your French pronunciation is very good.
If you do that to Tom, he'll get mad.
Tom said he wants you to stop doing that.
You've never seen me do that, have you?
If it rains tomorrow, Tom won't come.
Tom said he wanted to do that by himself.
You're very good at French, aren't you?
If Tom does that, please let me know.
Tom said he thought you wouldn't do that.
You're too sick to do that, aren't you?
If I were Tom, I'd refuse to do that.
Tom said he thought it would likely snow.
You're the only person who can help me.
I'm the person who does that for Tom.
Tom said he thought he shouldn't do that.
You're the only one who has to do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom.
Tom said he thought he needed to do that.
You're the only one who didn't do that.
I'm sure that's what Tom wants to do.
Tom said he thinks he sprained his ankle.
You're the only one here who has a car.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs to do.
Tom said he still had a lot of things to do.
You're the most beautiful woman I know.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't object to that.
Tom said he sold his car three weeks ago.
You're planning to do that, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom won't be home on Monday.
Tom said he plans to be a doctor someday.
You're not too old to do that, are you?
I'm sure Tom will do a very nice job.
Tom said he needed to do that by himself.
You're hesitant to do that, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom will be able to help us.
Tom said he needed to borrow an umbrella.
You're doing that tomorrow, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom will be able to do that.
Tom said he may not study French anymore.
You're able to do that now, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he likes the color of my T-shirt.
You're a very good swimmer, aren't you?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be late.
Tom said he knew he'd be able to do that.
You're a very fast swimmer, aren't you?
I'm still willing to do that for Tom.
Tom said he hasn't decided what he'll do.
You're a used car salesman, aren't you?
I'm staying at the same hotel as Tom.
Tom said he expects to do that on Monday.
You're a senior at Harvard, aren't you?
I'm not supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom said he expects to be there tomorrow.
You're a college professor, aren't you?
I'm not supposed to help Tom anymore.
Tom said he enjoyed the party last night.
You're a basketball player, aren't you?
I'll do the same thing that Tom does.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that here.
You'll won't get the chance to do that.
I'll do that only if Tom tells me to.
Tom said he doesn't usually lock his car.
You'll sing with us tonight, won't you?
I'd never seen Tom that happy before.
Tom said he doesn't think he can do that.
You'll never get the chance to do that.
I write to Tom at least twice a week.
Tom said he doesn't feel like doing that.
You'll need to do that sooner or later.
I wonder who Tom went to Boston with.
Tom said he didn't want to work overtime.
You'll have to get a permit to do that.
I wonder if Tom's daughter is pretty.
Tom said he didn't want to give a speech.
You'll have to do that without my help.
I wonder if Tom knows how to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to eat leftovers.
You'll have to do that sooner or later.
I wonder if Tom has done that before.
Tom said he didn't want to do that again.
You'll get into trouble if you do that.
I won't tell Tom what he needs to do.
Tom said he didn't need to do that today.
You'll find a way to do that, I'm sure.
I wish I knew Tom's telephone number.
Tom said he didn't need to do that again.
You'd better leave while you still can.
I wish I hadn't told Tom I loved him.
Tom said he didn't know a thing about it.
You weren't ready to do that, were you?
I wish I hadn't played golf with Tom.
Tom said he didn't have to do that today.
You were ready to do that, weren't you?
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't have to do that again.
You were eager to do that, weren't you?
I went to the same school as Tom did.
Tom said he didn't have anything to read.
You were asked to do that, weren't you?
I went to see Tom off at the airport.
Tom said he didn't have any more details.
You were a little shocked, weren't you?
I wasn't surprised that Tom did that.
Tom said he didn't expect that to happen.
You usually do that about twice a week.
I wasn't expecting Tom to help me.
Tom said he did that as soon as possible.
You think I want to do that, don't you?
I wasn't expecting Tom to do that.
Tom said he couldn't remember doing that.
You think I need to do that, don't you?
I wasn't able to tell Tom everything.
Tom said he could do that in a few hours.
You think I have to do that, don't you?
I was there at the same time Tom was.
Tom said he assumed you wouldn't do that.
You suggested that we do that together.
I warned Tom not to do that too much.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be much fun.
You still sometimes do that, don't you?
I wanted to see if Tom could do that.
Tom said I shouldn't have stayed so long.
You still do that sometimes, don't you?
I wanted to go to the dance with Tom.
Tom refused to tell me where he was born.
You still do that every day, don't you?
I wanted to go to the beach with Tom.
Tom realized he no longer had to do that.
You shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I want to know when Tom will do that.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't be late.
You shouldn't drink the tap water here.
I want to know more about Tom's past.
Tom promised me he'd come, but he didn't.
You should've done that three days ago.
I told Tom that I'd do that tomorrow.
Tom probably won't need to do that again.
You should've done that somewhere else.
I told Tom I thought I could do that.
Tom probably won't have to do that today.
You should've done that someplace else.
I told Tom I didn't have any enemies.
Tom probably won't have to do that again.
You should never have to do that again.
I thought you said Tom would do that.
Tom probably won't be here today, either.
You should have a good time doing that.
I thought you said Tom might do that.
Tom probably just didn't know what to do.
You should get someone do that for you.
I thought you said Tom could do that.
Tom probably hasn't forgotten to do that.
You should do that as soon as possible.
I thought Tom wouldn't do that again.
Tom probably doesn't know why I did that.
You should be the first one to do that.
I thought Tom would be in his office.
Tom probably doesn't know how I did that.
You seemed to be in a hurry to do that.
I thought Tom was through doing that.
Tom probably couldn't do that on his own.
You seemed to be determined to do that.
I thought Tom was interested in golf.
Tom probably couldn't do that by himself.
You seem to be a fluent French speaker.
I thought Tom was going to be killed.
Tom owns several very valuable paintings.
You promised you wouldn't do that here.
I thought Tom knew what we had to do.
Tom only ate potato chips and drank beer.
You probably could've done that better.
I thought Tom knew what he had to do.
Tom often speaks French with his friends.
You never finished doing that, did you?
I thought Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom often goes to the library by bicycle.
You need to do that before you go home.
I thought Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom often falls asleep while watching TV.
You need to do that before I get there.
I thought Tom could probably do that.
Tom never had the opportunity to do that.
You must speak French in the classroom.
I thought Tom could do that tomorrow.
Tom never expected to be able to do that.
You may use my computer if you want to.
I think Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Tom must've thought he needed to do that.
You may stay here tonight, if you like.
I think Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Tom moved to Boston more than a year ago.
You may not be able to do that anymore.
I think Tom would like to be at home.
Tom might possibly be willing to do that.
You may need to go to Boston next week.
I think Tom would be able to do that.
Tom might not be teaching French anymore.
You may keep doing that if you want to.
I think Tom won't be able to do that.
Tom might not be studying French anymore.
You may have to go to Boston next week.
I think Tom will be doing that again.
Tom might be willing to buy that for you.
You look like you're been up all night.
I think Tom will be at home tomorrow.
Tom might be finished doing that by 2:30.
You look a lot like your older brother.
I think Tom was the one who did that.
Tom may have as many cookies as he wants.
You look a little bit like your father.
I think Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom may do that right now if he wants to.
You know I can't go to Boston with you.
I think Tom really wanted to do that.
Tom looks as if he's enjoying doing that.
You have to do that before you go home.
I think Tom really needed to do that.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a good mood.
You have to do that before I get there.
I think Tom is trying to lose weight.
Tom looked after my dog for three months.
You have to do that as soon as you can.
I think Tom is determined to do that.
Tom lives with his father and his sister.
You don't think we can do that, do you?
I think Tom could end up being fired.
Tom lit the candles on the birthday cake.
You don't seem to be afraid to do that.
I think I'll have to do that for Tom.
Tom likes living in Boston and I do, too.
You don't recommend doing that, do you?
I shouldn't have told Tom everything.
Tom let me know that he couldn't do that.
You don't really expect to win, do you?
I shouldn't have told Tom about that.
Tom left for his office just before 6:30.
You don't need to do that until Monday.
I should've told Tom to visit Boston.
Tom lay on the sofa with his eyes closed.
You don't need to be strong to do that.
I should've shown Tom how to do that.
Tom knows we weren't supposed to do that.
You don't have to do that until Monday.
I should've given Tom what he wanted.
Tom knows that won't happen anytime soon.
You don't feel like doing that, do you?
I should tell Tom what he has to buy.
Tom knows he's not likely to be punished.
You don't ever do that anymore, do you?
I should tell Tom what I want to eat.
Tom knows he'll never be able to do that.
You don't believe I'll do that, do you?
I should tell Tom what I want to buy.
Tom knew I was supposed to do that today.
You didn't seem to know how to do that.
I should tell Tom what I need to buy.
Tom just ate potato chips and drank beer.
You didn't seem to be eager to do that.
I should probably tell Tom I'm tired.
Tom isn't supposed to be able to do that.
You did that intentionally, didn't you?
I should probably tell Tom I'm sorry.
Tom isn't likely to be very careful.
You couldn't do that even if you tried.
I shared a cell with a guy named Tom.
Tom isn't likely to be found guilty.
You can keep doing that if you want to.
I remember asking Tom not to do that.
Tom isn't likely be fired for doing that.
You can do that by yourself, can't you?
I persuaded Tom not to do that again.
Tom isn't going to be here for very long.
You aren't allowed to do that anywhere.
I need to discuss something with Tom.
Tom isn't going to be gone for very long.
Yesterday was your birthday, wasn't it?
I know that Tom is likely to do that.
Tom isn't expected to do that by himself.
Wouldn't it be better to do that today?
I know that Tom is likely to be late.
Tom isn't brave enough to try doing that.
Would you like something cold to drink?
I know that Tom is afraid to do that.
Tom isn't as busy today as he usually is.
Would you be willing to do that for us?
I know that Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom is usually the first one to complain.
Will you work in Boston next year, too?
I know that Tom doesn't like me much.
Tom is the smartest kid I've ever taught.
Will you have time to do that tomorrow?
I know how much Tom hates doing that.
Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
Will I be able to speak at the seminar?
I know exactly what Tom needs to buy.
Tom is the only one who likes doing that.
Why don't you have a permit to do that?
I know I'm better at French than Tom.
Tom is the only one permitted to do that.
Why don't we all go to Boston together?
I knew Tom might not want to do that.
Tom is still willing to do that for free.
Who was the man who did that yesterday?
I knew Tom might not need to do that.
Tom is still the best player on our team.
Who makes the decisions in your family?
I knew Tom might not have to do that.
Tom is still reluctant to do that for us.
Who do you like to spend weekends with?
I informed Tom that I didn't do that.
Tom is still able to do that pretty well.
Who do you like to spend holidays with?
I hope Tom won't be late again today.
Tom is someone who never causes problems.
Who did you want to go to do that with?
I hope Tom knows what he needs to do.
Tom is pretty good at everything he does.
Which of your brothers is the youngest?
I hope Tom knows he needs to do that.
Tom is only trying to not get in trouble.
Where do you want to hang this picture?
I hope Tom isn't stubborn about that.
Tom is one of the smartest people I know.
Where are you going to spend the night?
I hope Tom isn't in Boston next week.
Tom is older than the other participants.
When I call your name, raise your hand.
I hope Tom isn't hesitant to do that.
Tom is now the president of this company.
What kind of food do you like the most?
I hope Tom is easy to get along with.
Tom is now serving a three-year sentence.
What do you think we should about that?
I hope Tom doesn't refuse to do that.
Tom is much smarter than you think he is.
What did you do the Monday before last?
I hope Tom doesn't ask us to do that.
Tom is lucky to still be able to do that.
What countries would you like to visit?
I helped Tom decide which hat to buy.
Tom is lucky that he was able to do that.
What could've possessed you to do that?
I heard that Tom is going to do that.
Tom is likely to still be doing that now.
What color clothes do you usually wear?
I have to help Tom clean up his room.
Tom is likely to be reluctant to do that.
Weren't you going to do that yesterday?
I had no idea that Tom would do that.
Tom is likely to be motivated to do that.
We've studied French for several years.
I forgot to send Tom a birthday card.
Tom is likely to be desperate to do that.
We've been working since three o'clock.
I don't want to go swimming with Tom.
Tom is likely to be charged with perjury.
We've been told not to do that anymore.
I don't want to buy anything for Tom.
Tom is likely be tired when he gets home.
We're running a little behind schedule.
I don't want the present Tom gave me.
Tom is likely be excused from doing that.
We're not allowed to speak French here.
I don't want anything to do with Tom.
Tom is in the bathroom washing his hands.
We're going to go to Boston in October.
I don't want Tom to worry about that.
Tom is good at giving clear explanations.
We're going to be in Boston next month.
I don't want Tom to think I'm a wimp.
Tom is good at almost everything he does.
We won't get paid extra for doing that.
I don't want Tom to think I'm a jerk.
Tom is going to be very sad if you leave.
We were only permitted to do that once.
I don't want Tom to help you do that.
Tom is feeling a little bit better today.
We were just about to start doing that.
I don't want Tom to come to my party.
Tom is a very good heavy metal guitarist.
We should've gone to Boston last month.
I don't want Tom to become a soldier.
Tom is a good person to have on our side.
We should wait until Monday to do that.
I don't think that Tom would do that.
Tom hurt himself while trying to do that.
We only have one year to get this done.
I don't think that Tom is having fun.
Tom hasn't told me why he has to do that.
We need to come up with some new ideas.
I don't think Tom would've said that.
Tom hasn't performed live in a long time.
We might visit Boston on our next trip.
I don't think Tom would ever do that.
Tom hasn't made any money in three years.
We might have to be in Boston all week.
I don't think Tom would be impressed.
Tom hasn't done that in a very long time.
We have to do that as soon as possible.
I don't think Tom will be suspicious.
Tom has worked as a carpenter since 2013.
We had to come to Boston for a funeral.
I don't think Tom will be reasonable.
Tom has told me not to do that by myself.
We don't think the fire was deliberate.
I don't think Tom will be interested.
Tom has told me he won't do that anymore.
We don't often see monkeys around here.
I don't think Tom will be frightened.
Tom has told me he wants to write a book.
We don't often get a chance to do that.
I don't think Tom will be doing that.
Tom has told me he wants to go to Boston.
We didn't live in Boston for very long.
I don't think Tom knows how to drive.
Tom has told me he needs to go to Boston.
We didn't know each other at that time.
I don't think Tom is going to resign.
Tom has studied French for several years.
We decided to speak together in French.
I don't think Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom has rewritten the first thirty pages.
We can pitch our tent anywhere we want.
I don't think Tom is being realistic.
Tom has released three albums since 2013.
We bought a house for $300,000 dollars.
I don't think Tom is able to do that.
Tom has proven that he can still do that.
We both were in Boston all last summer.
I don't think Tom ever could do that.
Tom has now been missing for thirty days.
Was it you who was supposed to do that?
I don't think Tom could've done that.
Tom has never refused any of my requests.
Was it you who forgot to lock the door?
I don't think Tom could ever do that.
Tom has his faults, but I still like him.
To was probably tired when he got home.
I don't think I'm as creative as Tom.
Tom has half again as many books as I do.
Three of my students were absent today.
I don't remember what Tom looks like.
Tom has had a lot of practice doing that.
Three of my students didn't come today.
I don't remember asking Tom for help.
Tom has found a solution to that problem.
This restaurant opened on October 20th.
I don't really think Tom can do that.
Tom has finally decided to call it quits.
This morning's meeting was interesting.
I don't really expect Tom to do that.
Tom has done a lot of really good things.
This isn't what we should be doing now.
I don't like playing tennis with Tom.
Tom has decided to do something about it.
This isn't a good time to buy platinum.
I don't like Tom, but I like his dog.
Tom has been told that he has to do that.
This is the best season for doing that.
I don't know why Tom let you do that.
Tom has been told not to do that anymore.
They don't pay me very much to do that.
I don't know why Tom kept doing that.
Tom has been to every one of my concerts.
There's still time to change your mind.
I don't know why Tom isn't at school.
Tom has been painting his house all week.
There's just no way that I can do that.
I don't know why Tom is scared of me.
Tom has been on the job for three months.
The past three days have been very hot.
I don't know why Tom is afraid of me.
Tom has been in the garden pulling weeds.
The meeting only lasted thirty minutes.
I don't know why Tom is absent today.
Tom has been in Boston a couple of weeks.
That's the man whose wife was arrested.
I don't know why Tom doesn't like me.
Tom has been here for almost three years.
That was a very innovative thing to do.
I don't know who's going to help Tom.
Tom has been having a hard time speaking.
That isn't wine. It's only grape juice.
I don't know who Tom's girlfriend is.
Tom has been diagnosed with brain cancer.
That isn't wine. It's just grape juice.
I don't know where Tom wants to live.
Tom has been collecting stamps for years.
That almost sounds too good to be true.
I don't know what Tom's shoe size is.
Tom has been caught cheating three times.
Someone must've left the door unlocked.
I don't know what Tom wants me to do.
Tom has been a French teacher since 2013.
Please wait until next week to do that.
I don't know what Tom put in the box.
Tom has already taught me how to do that.
Please check and see if we may do that.
I don't know what Tom is going to do.
Tom has admitted he was there that night.
Please check and see if we can do that.
I don't know what I'd do without Tom.
Tom has about half as many books as I do.
Perhaps I won't be busy this afternoon.
I don't know the girl talking to Tom.
Tom has a very special way of doing that.
People around here don't often do that.
I don't know if Tom will come or not.
Tom hardly ever goes to places like that.
Our driveway is slippery when it's wet.
I don't know exactly where Tom lives.
Tom had a lot of things he wanted to buy.
My youngest daughter isn't married yet.
I don't expect Tom to object to that.
Tom had a lot of things he needed to buy.
My wife will pick me up at the airport.
I don't do that as often as Tom does.
Tom grew up on a farm not too far Boston.
My wife and I were both born in Boston.
I don't care if Tom does that or not.
Tom graduates from high school on Monday.
My priorities aren't the same as yours.
I didn't want to tell Tom everything.
Tom got a very low score on today's test.
My priorities are different from yours.
I didn't want to go camping with Tom.
Tom fell out of a tree and broke his leg.
My parents taught me to be open minded.
I didn't want to drive Tom's old car.
Tom faces up to three years if convicted.
My name doesn't seem to be on the list.
I didn't want to do that without Tom.
Tom expected us do the same thing he did.
My mouth was full so I couldn't answer.
I didn't want to talk to Tom about work.
Tom eventually decided to try doing that.
My mother said that I should come home.
I didn't want Tom to stay any longer.
Tom doesn't want to try to do that again.
My house isn't very far from the beach.
I didn't want Tom to leave the house.
Tom doesn't want to try doing that again.
My father isn't as strict as my mother.
I didn't want Tom to know about that.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new motorcycle.
My dog followed me to school yesterday.
I didn't want Tom to know I was rich.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston anymore.
My computer is a lot better than yours.
I didn't want Tom to help me do that.
Tom doesn't usually do that after dinner.
My car is three years older than yours.
I didn't think Tom would get injured.
Tom doesn't think you'd enjoy doing that.
Mr. Jackson was my third grade teacher.
I didn't think Tom would be so upset.
Tom doesn't think that we should do that.
Mary may be cute, but I don't like her.
I didn't think Tom would be punctual.
Tom doesn't think that he should do that.
Many people have complained about that.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'm allowed to do that.
It's going to be very tough to do that.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that.
Tom doesn't think I can do that, does he?
It'll take me several hours to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew how to drive.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid to do that.
It'll probably be expensive to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be late.
Tom doesn't seem like an intelligent man.
It'll probably be dangerous to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why we should come.
Tom doesn't see why he shouldn't do that.
It'll cause me problems if you do that.
I didn't tell Tom what he should buy.
Tom doesn't really need to do that today.
It'll be easier if we do that together.
I didn't tell Tom what he has to buy.
Tom doesn't really have to do that today.
It would've been ridiculous to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what he had to buy.
Tom doesn't really care how he does that.
It would've been impossible to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what happened next.
Tom doesn't particularly want to do that.
It would've been depressing to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what I have to buy.
Tom doesn't often show his true feelings.
It would be ridiculous to do that here.
I didn't tell Tom that you'd be here.
Tom doesn't often do that in the morning.
It would be great if you could do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I was leaving.
Tom doesn't like beef and I don't either.
It would be dangerous to do that again.
I didn't tell Tom how big my dog was.
Tom doesn't know who's going to help him.
It sounds like I don't need to do that.
I didn't tell Tom anything about you.
Tom doesn't know what you're looking for.
It sounds like I don't have to do that.
I didn't tell Tom about the accident.
Tom doesn't know what I'm planning to do.
It probably won't cost much do to that.
I didn't tell Tom I wouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't know that won't happen today.
Is there anything else you need to say?
I didn't tell Tom I knew his brother.
Tom doesn't know if he'll do that or not.
Is the book you're reading interesting?
I didn't offer Tom anything to drink.
Tom doesn't know how to get a hold of me.
If you're tired, I can do that for you.
I didn't notice what Tom was wearing.
Tom doesn't know how to do that, does he?
If you don't hurry, we'll miss the bus.
I didn't notice what Tom was reading.
Tom doesn't know he has to do that today.
If I were you, I wouldn't go to Boston.
I didn't laugh at any of Tom's jokes.
Tom doesn't intend to ever do that again.
If I had enough money, I could do that.
I didn't know where Tom wanted to go.
Tom doesn't have to do that until Monday.
I've never felt like doing that before.
I didn't know what Tom's problem was.
Tom doesn't have those kinds of problems.
I've loved you since we were both kids.
I didn't know what Tom wanted to eat.
Tom doesn't have the strength to do that.
I've been waiting for over three hours.
I didn't know what Tom wanted to buy.
Tom doesn't have the patience to do that.
I've been playing chess for many years.
I didn't know that Tom would do that.
Tom doesn't have as much patience as you.
I've been out of work for three months.
I didn't know that Tom would be here.
Tom doesn't have any friends his own age.
I've been asked not to do that anymore.
I didn't know that Tom was in Boston.
Tom doesn't even want to do that anymore.
I've always been pretty good at sports.
I didn't know that Tom was a teacher.
Tom doesn't doubt his ability to do that.
I'm the person you've been looking for.
I didn't know that Tom liked to cook.
Tom does that three or four times a week.
I'm still planning to buy that for you.
I didn't know that Tom had done that.
Tom does know how to do that, doesn't he?
I'm still not very good at windsurfing.
I didn't know that Tom had been sick.
Tom does almost nothing he's asked to do.
I'm really glad I was asked to do that.
I didn't know Tom was your boyfriend.
Tom didn't tell me why he needed my help.
I'm positive that'll happen eventually.
I didn't know Tom was waiting for me.
Tom didn't tell me why he had to do that.
I'm not the only one here who's single.
I didn't keep my promise to help Tom.
Tom didn't tell me that I had to do that.
I'm not afraid to get my clothes dirty.
I didn't hear Tom come into the room.
Tom didn't seem to be having a good time.
I'm likely to go to Boston in the fall.
I didn't have to tell Tom, but I did.
Tom didn't seem to be enjoying the party.
I'm having my house painted next month.
I didn't have to tell Tom what to do.
Tom didn't notice that I got my hair cut.
I'm going to paint my house next month.
I didn't have anything to say to Tom.
Tom didn't know that I wanted to do that.
I'm going to have to do that by myself.
I didn't have any idea where Tom was.
Tom didn't know that I needed to do that.
I'm going to fly to Boston next Monday.
I didn't go and Tom didn't go either.
Tom didn't know how much money he needed.
I'm going to come to Boston in October.
I didn't do what Tom wanted me to do.
Tom didn't have the authority to do that.
I'm glad that I learned how to do that.
I didn't discuss the matter with Tom.
Tom didn't expect you to do that for him.
I'm glad I was able to do that for you.
I didn't buy what Tom told me to buy.
Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I'm doing my French homework right now.
I didn't tell Tom I couldn't speak French.
Tom didn't even apologize for doing that.
I'm certain that I'll do that tomorrow.
I did exactly the same thing Tom did.
Tom did exactly what we wanted him to do.
I'm absolutely sure that's what I need.
I can tell that Tom likes doing that.
Tom did exactly what he said he would do.
I'm a lot happier since I changed jobs.
I already know what Tom's opinion is.
Tom did everything he was supposed to do.
I'll do that tomorrow or the day after.
How did you know Tom didn't eat meat?
Tom definitely wants to do that with you.
I'd rather do that today than tomorrow.
How did Tom break sprained his ankle?
Tom dedicated his first book to his wife.
I'd like to buy three of those scarves.
Everyone stayed in Boston except Tom.
Tom decided to try doing that by himself.
I'd like about three kilogram potatoes.
Even Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom decided he wouldn't worry about that.
I'd hoped I'd be able to do that today.
Don't expect Tom to buy that for you.
Tom currently resides in the Boston area.
I'd hoped I could learn how to do that.
Doesn't Tom go to Boston every month?
Tom crouched down so he wouldn't be seen.
I'd be grateful if you did that for me.
Does Tom need to stay in Boston, too?
Tom couldn't swim when he was a teenager.
I'd already planned to do that for you.
Do you want me to get Tom to do that?
Tom could've done that if he'd wanted to.
I write much better now than I used to.
Do you think Tom will be cooperative?
Tom could've done that faster by himself.
I wouldn't do that today if I were you.
Do you think Tom was able to do that?
Tom could get in trouble if he does that.
I wouldn't do that if I didn't have to.
Do you think Tom might be suspicious?
Tom could easily have stopped doing that.
I wouldn't do that even if I were rich.
Do you think Tom might be here later?
Tom could do that well when he was young.
I wonder if it would be fun to do that.
Do you think Tom is ready to do that?
Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I won't be coming to Boston this month.
Do you know what street Tom lives on?
Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
I wish I'd been rich enough to do that.
Do you and Tom still hate each other?
Tom could be lying, but I don't think so.
I wish I hadn't spanked my son so hard.
Didn't you know that Tom was unhappy?
Tom could always do that if he wanted to.
I wish I hadn't left the door unlocked.
Didn't you know Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom correctly answered all the questions.
I wasn't good enough to be on the team.
Didn't you know Tom was unhappy here?
Tom comes here every Monday without fail.
I was thirty minutes late this morning.
Didn't you know Tom was still single?
Tom can't speak either French or English.
I was on a business trip all last week.
Didn't you know Tom lived by himself?
Tom can't afford to buy the car he wants.
I was hoping you'd be more cooperative.
Didn't you know Tom likes doing that?
Tom can have as many cookies as he wants.
I was hoping you could do that with me.
Didn't you know Tom liked to do that?
Tom can do that right now if he wants to.
I was annoyed by the sounds of traffic.
Didn't you know Tom liked doing that?
Tom can always try doing that by himself.
I wanted to surprise you by doing that.
Didn't you know Tom had a sports car?
Tom bought an acre of land near the lake.
I wanted to go home earlier than usual.
Didn't you know Tom couldn't do that?
Tom baked this bread yesterday afternoon.
I want to talk to you later about that.
Did you tell Tom when he should come?
Tom ate a couple of sandwiches for lunch.
I want to pay back the money I owe you.
Did you know that Tom would be there?
Tom asked us if we'd like to go swimming.
I want to know when you're coming home.
Did you know that Tom isn't Canadian?
Tom asked me to teach him how to do that.
I want to know when you'll be finished.
Did you know Tom was still in prison?
Tom asked me to give him time to do that.
I want to know when you'll be arriving.
Did you know Tom liked horror movies?
Tom asked if he really needed to do that.
I want to know if you like my new song.
Did you know Tom knew how to do that?
Tom and his family visit us every summer.
I want to know how much beer you drank.
Did you know Tom had a swimming pool?
Tom and I've known each other since 2013.
I want to hear both sides of the story.
Can you tell me exactly what Tom did?
Tom and I've decided to do that together.
I want to eat some chocolate ice cream.
Both of Tom's brothers were arrested.
Tom and I were the first ones to do that.
I want to avoid doing that if possible.
Are you sure Tom is ready to do that?
Tom and I were neighbors for three years.
I try to help whoever asks me for help.
All of Tom's children became doctors.
Tom and I were neighbors for a few years.
I thought you wouldn't want to do that.
You're the one Tom wants to talk to.
Tom and I were always fighting back then.
I thought you weren't going to do that.
You won't do that for Tom, will you?
Tom and I want to know what your plan is.
I thought you said you'd never do that.
You were lucky Tom did that for you.
Tom and I used to be pretty good friends.
I thought you said I needed to do that.
You shouldn't permit Tom to do that.
Tom and I talked about what we should do.
I thought you didn't have a girlfriend.
You should tell Tom you can do that.
Tom and I talked about what had happened.
I thought I'd be able to do that today.
You should let Tom do what he wants.
Tom and I spent Valentine's Day together.
I thought I heard my name being called.
You should let Tom buy that for you.
Tom and I played soccer together as kids.
I think you might need help doing that.
You should ask Tom buy that for you.
Tom and I played chess for several hours.
I think we'll be able to do that today.
You promised you'd help Tom do that.
Tom and I plan to get married in October.
I think it's probably cheap to do that.
You need to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom and I never did like each other much.
I think it'll be impossible to do that.
You look quite a bit older than Tom.
Tom and I have been married thirty years.
I think it would be foolish to do that.
You know what Tom can do, don't you?
Tom and I get along well with each other.
I think it might be foolish to do that.
You have to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom and I exchange gifts every Christmas.
I think doing that would be worthwhile.
You have to show Tom how to do that.
Tom and I enjoyed singing songs together.
I think I might be required to do that.
You didn't let Tom do that, did you?
Tom and I don't very often work together.
I still haven't paid last month's rent.
You didn't do that for Tom, did you?
Tom and I don't often do things together.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
Would Tom be able to do that for us?
Tom and I don't do that together anymore.
I still haven't learned how to do that.
Why does Tom need to be there early?
Tom and I don't always do the same thing.
I shouldn't have walked home by myself.
Why didn't Tom want to go to Boston?
Tom and I ate the whole pie by ourselves.
I shouldn't have left the windows open.
Why didn't Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom and I are planning to move to Boston.
I should've told you about that sooner.
Why didn't Tom have to pay anything?
Tom and I are not talking to one another.
I should've left when I had the chance.
Why didn't Tom have to go to Boston?
Tom and I are no longer living in Boston.
I should've been in Boston last Monday.
Why can't Tom go to Boston with you?
Tom and I are here to help you with that.
I should be through doing that by 2:30.
When was it that Tom went to Boston?
Tom and I are going camping this weekend.
I should be there in a couple of hours.
When is Tom coming back from Boston?
Tom and I are always arguing about money.
I said that I didn't understand French.
What time will Tom do that tomorrow?
Tom and I are almost finished doing that.
I regret that I can't help you do that.
What do you think Tom would've said?
Tom always sits at the head of the table.
I really want to stay in Boston longer.
What do you think Tom would've done?
Tom almost never gives his wife presents.
I really don't think I need to do that.
What did Tom do yesterday afternoon?
Tom almost always does that after dinner.
I pretended I didn't understand French.
What Tom did never made sense to me.
Tom, weren't you going to do that today?
I often need to be reminded to do that.
We need to go to Boston to help Tom.
Tom's teeth have always been that color.
I often have to be reminded to do that.
We have to take Tom to the hospital.
Tom's funeral will be on Monday at 2:30.
I never thought I'd be able to do that.
This is the factory where Tom works.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he'd talked to.
I never had the opportunity to do that.
The only French speaker here is Tom.
Tom would've wanted to do that with you.
I never expected to be able to do that.
The old TV Tom gave me doesn't work.
Tom would never have done that that way.
I need to do that before I can go home.
The man wearing the blue tie is Tom.
Tom would like to know why you did that.
I might have to go to Boston next week.
Tell Tom he needs to get here early.
Tom would like to know how you did that.
I might be willing to buy that for you.
Shouldn't we be helping Tom do that?
Tom would like to do that, but he can't.
I may have to visit Boston next Monday.
Shouldn't Tom be the one doing that?
Tom would get in trouble if he did that.
I looked around, but didn't see anyone.
Please tell Tom not to do that here.
Tom would be very happy if you did that.
I know why I'm not supposed to do that.
Please tell Tom he ought to do that.
Tom won't permit you to do that anymore.
I know a very effective way to do that.
Please tell Tom he needs to do that.
Tom won't likely try to do that anymore.
I know I'll be able to do that by 2:30.
Perhaps Tom is doing that right now.
Tom won't likely be hesitant to do that.
I know I'd do that if I had the chance.
Perhaps Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
I know I should've done that yesterday.
Perhaps I can go to Boston with Tom.
Tom won't be permitted to do that again.
I know I don't need to do that anymore.
My injuries weren't as bad as Tom's.
Tom will unlikely have to do that today.
I know I don't have to do that anymore.
Let's go over to Tom's and help him.
Tom will probably go to Boston tomorrow.
I knew it would be possible to do that.
Let Tom listen to whatever he wants.
Tom will probably do that tomorrow, too.
I just stayed in Boston for three days.
Let Tom listen to anything he wants.
Tom will probably be too shy to do that.
I just can't imagine myself doing that.
It's doubtful that Tom will do that.
Tom will probably be through doing that.
I hope you're able to come to my party.
It'll take Tom long time to do that.
Tom will probably be tempted to do that.
I hope I get a chance to do that again.
It would be safe for Tom to do that.
Tom will probably be furious about that.
I heard that you've started doing that.
It takes courage to do what Tom did.
Tom will probably be anxious to do that.
I haven't yet filed a formal complaint.
It sounds like Tom wants to do that.
Tom will move back to Boston in October.
I haven't yet done that in a long time.
It sounds like Tom needs to do that.
Tom will likely be reluctant to do that.
I haven't washed my car in a long time.
It seems that only Tom will do that.
Tom will likely be motivated to do that.
I have no objection to your doing that.
It seems like Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom will likely be gone for three hours.
I have a special tool I use to do that.
It seemed like Tom liked to do that.
Tom will likely be fired for doing that.
I hardly ever do that before breakfast.
It seemed like Tom liked doing that.
Tom will likely be fined for doing that.
I found that in the back of the closet.
It probably wasn't Tom who did that.
Tom will likely be desperate to do that.
I figured this would happen eventually.
Is Tom the only one who can do that?
Tom will likely be back by October 20th.
I felt the same way you did about that.
Is Tom still able to do that for us?
Tom will keep doing that if he wants to.
I felt somebody tap me on the shoulder.
Is Tom going to sing for us tonight?
Tom will do whatever he can to help you.
I expected you to do the same thing I did.
If you do that, Tom will be pleased.
Tom will do that tomorrow, too, I think.
I doubt that you'll be able to do that.
If would be good for Tom to do that.
Tom will be working in Boston on Monday.
I doubt if it would be safe to do that.
I've seen Tom do that several times.
Tom will be leaving Boston this morning.
I don't want you to buy any more candy.
I've persuaded Tom to do that again.
Tom will be here later today to do that.
I don't want to talk about my problems.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be interested.
Tom will be fired if he does that again.
I don't want to take that kind of risk.
I'm sure Tom won't be in Boston now.
Tom will be fined if he does that again.
I don't want to live like this anymore.
I'm sure Tom will be home on Monday.
Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
I don't want to live in Boston anymore.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom.
Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I don't want to give any more speeches.
I'll ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Tom will be back the day after tomorrow.
I don't want to eat at that restaurant.
I'd be reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom wasn't the worst player on our team.
I don't want to eat Mexican food today.
I'd be disappointed if Tom did that.
Tom was tired, but he wouldn't admit it.
I don't want to be seen talking to you.
I would never permit Tom to do that.
Tom was the only person who was injured.
I don't usually do that when I'm tired.
I wonder whether Tom has to do that.
Tom was the only one who had to do that.
I don't think you'd be able to do that.
I wonder if Tom was able to do that.
Tom was the only one who didn't do that.
I don't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
I won't permit Tom to do that again.
Tom was the only one allowed to do that.
I don't think it's wise to do that now.
I won't do that unless Tom helps me.
Tom was the one who gave me this guitar.
I don't think it's too late to do that.
I won't be able to make Tom do that.
Tom was the one who filed the complaint.
I don't think doing that would be safe.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom was the first one to try to help me.
I don't think doing that would be rude.
I wish Tom would tell me what to do.
Tom was the first one to try to do that.
I don't think anything bad will happen.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to do that.
Tom was just trying to protect his kids.
I don't think I've ever eaten dog meat.
I wish I hadn't seen Tom doing that.
Tom was hoping we could do that for him.
I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.
I wish I hadn't gone to Tom's party.
Tom was doing that just a few hours ago.
I don't think I'm permitted to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone there with Tom.
Tom was apparently in Boston last month.
I don't think I'll be doing that again.
I wish I hadn't given Tom any money.
Tom warned us not to swim in this river.
I don't think I'd ever want to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me.
Tom wants to surprise you by doing that.
I don't think I should do that anymore.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted to do.
Tom wants to be the next one to do that.
I don't think I really need to do that.
I wasn't sure what Tom needed to do.
Tom wants to be the last one to do that.
I don't think I really have to do that.
I wasn't sure Tom needed to do that.
Tom wants to be excused from doing that.
I don't think I can ever be happy here.
I wasn't able to get Tom to do that.
Tom usually eats lunch at Chuck's Diner.
I don't remember turning off the stove.
I was tempted to tell Tom the truth.
Tom usually does that when he's nervous.
I don't remember exactly what happened.
I want to know why Tom is mad at me.
Tom usually does that about once a week.
I don't really think I need to do that.
I want to have lunch with Tom today.
Tom used to say that to me all the time.
I don't really think I have to do that.
I visited Tom last spring in Boston.
Tom used to have a house on Park Street.
I don't really feel like working today.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that again.
Tom used to do that when he was younger.
I don't play golf as much as I used to.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Boston.
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.
I don't often do that in the afternoon.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that.
Tom tried speaking French to the waiter.
I don't need to go to Boston next week.
I told Tom I didn't have much money.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that anymore.
I don't need to do this, but I want to.
I thought Tom would want to do that.
Tom told me you weren't able to do that.
I don't need to buy anything right now.
I thought Tom would stop doing that.
Tom told me that my plan was reasonable.
I don't need to be back until tomorrow.
I thought Tom would quit doing that.
Tom told me that he's afraid to do that.
I don't need money to have a good time.
I thought Tom was likely to do that.
Tom told me that he'll do that tomorrow.
I don't need any of this stuff anymore.
I thought Tom was going to be fired.
Tom told me that he'd be home on Monday.
I don't need any help with my homework.
I thought Tom was flirting with you.
Tom told me it would be safe to do that.
I don't mind if you do that without me.
I thought Tom might want to do that.
Tom told me he'd wait for us until 2:30.
I don't live within Boston city limits.
I thought Tom might need to do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that anymore.
I don't like to talk about my problems.
I thought Tom might have to do that.
Tom told me he wanted to be a scientist.
I don't like taking care of the garden.
I think Tom wouldn't try to do that.
Tom told me he likes this kind of music.
I don't like girls who wear high heels.
I think Tom wouldn't be sympathetic.
Tom told me he liked this kind of music.
I don't know whether to do that or not.
I think Tom would regret doing that.
Tom told me he didn't intend to do that.
I don't know what kind of snake bit me.
I think Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom told me I shouldn't wait any longer.
I don't know what it's like to be poor.
I think Tom would like to be afraid.
Tom thought he would be able to do that.
I don't know if I have time to do that.
I think Tom would be miserable here.
Tom thought he could do that by himself.
I don't know how to solve this problem.
I think Tom won't be home on Monday.
Tom thinks some of his friends did that.
I don't know how to say this in French.
I think Tom will be doing that soon.
Tom swam until he couldn't swim anymore.
I don't know how much money was stolen.
I think Tom will be able to help us.
Tom suggested that I do that right away.
I don't know exactly what I need to do.
I think Tom will be able to do that.
Tom studies much harder now than before.
I don't know exactly what I have to do.
I think Tom really wants to do that.
Tom struck out thirty times last season.
I don't know exactly how that happened.
I think Tom really needs to do that.
Tom strongly objected to our doing that.
I don't have to go to Boston next week.
I think Tom is reluctant to do that.
Tom still manages to do that quite well.
I don't have to do this, but I want to.
I think Tom is motivated to do that.
Tom still isn't very good at volleyball.
I don't have to do that this afternoon.
I think Tom is living in Boston now.
Tom still isn't very good at doing that.
I don't have to buy anything right now.
I think Tom is impatient to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me how to do that.
I don't have to be back until tomorrow.
I think Tom is doing that right now.
Tom still hasn't learned how to do that.
I don't have time to do that this week.
I think Tom is desperate to do that.
Tom stayed in this hotel for three days.
I don't have time to do that right now.
I think Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom started working in Boston yesterday.
I don't have much of an appetite today.
I think Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom started crying when he was arrested.
I don't have enough money to buy a car.
I think Tom could've been a teacher.
Tom spoke too fast for me to understand.
I don't have any time to do that today.
I think Tom could manage to do that.
Tom spent his summer vacation in Boston.
I don't have any idea what I should do.
I still have to tell Tom what to do.
Tom spent a lot of time studying French.
I don't have any friends who play golf.
I shouldn't have lent Tom any money.
Tom spends three hours a day at the gym.
I don't have any experience doing that.
I shouldn't have given Tom anything.
Tom soon found out what the problem was.
I don't get invited to parties anymore.
I shouldn't have borrowed Tom's car.
Tom sometimes falls asleep during class.
I don't enjoy doing that kind of thing.
I should've told Tom why I was late.
Tom sometimes does that when he's tired.
I don't do anything I don't need to do.
I should've given Tom my old guitar.
Tom sometimes does that when he's happy.
I don't do anything I don't have to do.
I should've discussed that with Tom.
Tom sometimes does that when he's drunk.
I don't care whether we do that or not.
I should tell Tom which book to buy.
Tom shouldn't try to do that by himself.
I don't care much one way or the other.
I should tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom shouldn't have done that without us.
I don't believe that actually happened.
I should tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom shouldn't have done that by himself.
I don't actually need to do that today.
I should tell Tom what I need to do.
Tom shouldn't have asked you to do that.
I didn't write anything in my notebook.
I should tell Tom what I have to do.
Tom should've stayed at home last night.
I didn't want to make a fool of myself.
I should tell Tom I want to do that.
Tom should've hit the dog with his shoe.
I didn't want to do that, but I had to.
I should probably tell Tom I'm busy.
Tom should've done that a long time ago.
I didn't want to cross the picket line.
I should help Tom with his homework.
Tom should've bought something to drink.
I didn't want my friends to see me cry.
I should do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom should've been safe in his own home.
I didn't think we'd be able to do that.
I should ask Tom to help me do that.
Tom should've been reluctant to do that.
I didn't think we should be doing that.
I really enjoy hanging out with Tom.
Tom should've been ready, but he wasn't.
I didn't think that Mary was beautiful.
I often eat the same thing Tom does.
Tom should've been motivated to do that.
I didn't think I would be busy all day.
I need to stay and help Tom do that.
Tom should wait until Monday to do that.
I didn't take many pictures on my trip.
I need to do what Tom told me to do.
Tom should try not to make things worse.
I didn't specify exactly what I wanted.
I might be able to buy that for Tom.
Tom should be through doing that by now.
I didn't recognize anyone in the photo.
I looked at Tom and he looked at me.
Tom served almost three years in prison.
I didn't really need to do that, did I?
I know where Tom will be doing that.
Tom seems to be having such a good time.
I didn't really have to do that, did I?
I know that Tom's house is for sale.
Tom seems to be doing that all the time.
I didn't really feel like going skiing.
I know that Tom won't be doing that.
Tom seems to be doing that a lot lately.
I didn't realize my socks didn't match.
I know that Tom is eager to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he needed to do.
I didn't notice that the door was open.
I know exactly what Tom needs to do.
Tom seemed to enjoy reading comic books.
I didn't need to leave in such a hurry.
I know Tom was just being sarcastic.
Tom says that's his favorite restaurant.
I didn't mean to cause you any trouble.
I know Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom says that he didn't want to do that.
I didn't know who was going to help me.
I know Tom came to Boston last week.
Tom says it's really cold in Boston now.
I didn't know who I wasn't speaking to.
I hope your Tom will soon be better.
Tom says he's willing to do that for me.
I didn't know what was really going on.
I hope that Tom won't do that again.
Tom says he's ready to get back to work.
I didn't know what was going to happen.
I hope that Tom will do that for me.
Tom says he's grown tired of doing that.
I didn't know what was about to happen.
I hope Tom won't want me to do that.
Tom says he's good at riding a unicycle.
I didn't know what else I needed to do.
I hope Tom won't tell me to do that.
Tom says he's even done janitorial work.
I didn't know this was going to happen.
I hope Tom knows who has to do that.
Tom says he's been arrested three times.
I didn't know that you were so unhappy.
I hope Tom isn't tempted to do that.
Tom says he'd rather do that by himself.
I didn't know that was going to happen.
I hope Tom isn't at today's meeting.
Tom says he doesn't think you'd do that.
I didn't know that horses cost so much.
I hope Tom is in Boston next Monday.
Tom says he doesn't think he'll do that.
I didn't know that I'd be here all day.
I hope Tom is determined to do that.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that now.
I didn't know that I needed to do that.
I hope Tom doesn't end up in prison.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that now.
I didn't know how to solve the problem.
I helped Tom out by singing harmony.
Tom says he definitely wants to do that.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that here.
I heard that Tom did that yesterday.
Tom said your snoring didn't bother him.
I didn't know I didn't need to do that.
I have to stay and help Tom do that.
Tom said yesterday's meeting was boring.
I didn't know I didn't have to do that.
I have no idea what Tom is thinking.
Tom said we wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't have enough time to eat lunch.
I go to the same school as Tom does.
Tom said we ought to do this more often.
I didn't have enough money to buy that.
I expected Tom to do that yesterday.
Tom said there were no plans to do that.
I didn't have enough energy to do that.
I expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom said the storm lasted several hours.
I didn't have anything to do with that.
I expect Tom to do that later today.
Tom said that's not what he wants to do.
I didn't have a good time at the party.
I doubt if Tom will do that anymore.
Tom said that's not what he needs to do.
I didn't get home until after midnight.
I doubt Tom will ever do that again.
Tom said that's not even partially true.
I didn't expect to be here for so long.
I don't want to tell Tom everything.
Tom said that's his favorite restaurant.
I didn't expect this to happen so soon.
I don't want to drive Tom's old car.
Tom said that would likely never happen.
I didn't expect the test to be so easy.
I don't want to do that without Tom.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't snow.
I didn't even want to think about that.
I don't want talk to Tom about work.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't rain.
I didn't eat anything until I got home.
I don't want Tom to swim by himself.
Tom said that he's been very happy here.
I didn't come to work by bicycle today.
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.
Tom said that he'd be back home by 2:30.
I didn't attend this morning's meeting.
I don't want Tom to leave the house.
Tom said that he wouldn't swim tomorrow.
I didn't arrive until just before 2:30.
I don't want Tom to know about that.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that again.
I did everything I thought I should do.
I don't want Tom to do that anymore.
Tom said that he would do that tomorrow.
I did everything I thought I needed do.
I don't think that Tom is in Boston.
Tom said that he won't do that tomorrow.
I did everything I thought I had to do.
I don't think that Tom is a plumber.
Tom said that he wasn't working anymore.
I could get hurt if I tried doing that.
I don't think Tom will be surprised.
Tom said that he wasn't married anymore.
I can't speak either French or English.
I don't think Tom will be in Boston.
Tom said some things would never change.
I can't leave Boston until next Monday.
I don't think Tom will be back soon.
Tom said not doing that isn't an option.
I can't go to Boston with you tomorrow.
I don't think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said no injuries have been reported.
I bought this watch at an antique shop.
I don't think Tom needed to do that.
Tom said it was snowing in Boston today.
I borrowed this umbrella from a friend.
I don't think Tom is careful enough.
Tom said it was harder than he expected.
I ate three apples yesterday afternoon.
I don't think Tom has done that yet.
Tom said it was easier than he expected.
I assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom does that anymore.
Tom said it rained in Boston last night.
I asked you not to smoke in the office.
I don't plan to go to Tom's concert.
Tom said his license had been suspended.
I also lived in Boston for three years.
I don't need to tell Tom what to do.
Tom said his father told him to do that.
How many years will it take to do that?
I don't need Tom to do that anymore.
Tom said he's willing to do that for us.
How many women over thirty do you know?
I don't like the way Tom makes stew.
Tom said he's willing to do that for me.
How many weeks will it take to do that?
I don't like swimming, but Tom does.
Tom said he's unenthusiastic about that.
How many weeks does it take to do that?
I don't like broccoli, but Tom does.
Tom said he's troubled by what happened.
How many rooms are on the second floor?
I don't know why Tom was doing that.
Tom said he's never considered retiring.
How many patients do you see in a week?
I don't know why Tom should do that.
Tom said he's been trying to be careful.
How many pages have you written so far?
I don't know why Tom is ignoring me.
Tom said he's been asked not to do that.
How many pages did you read last night?
I don't know why Tom has to do that.
Tom said he's amused by what's going on.
How many months did you stay in Boston?
I don't know why Tom had to do that.
Tom said he'll be on vacation next week.
How many months did it take to do that?
I don't know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he'll be in Boston next Monday.
How many hours will it take to do that?
I don't know where Tom will do that.
Tom said he'd rather you didn't do that.
How many hours does it take to do that?
I don't know where Tom wants to eat.
Tom said he'd never consider doing that.
How many days have you been doing that?
I don't know where Tom used to work.
Tom said he'd like to keep working here.
How many days did you spend doing that?
I don't know where Tom is right now.
Tom said he'd help us if we want him to.
How long will you be staying in Boston?
I don't know when Tom's birthday is.
Tom said he'd do that as soon as he can.
How long do you intend to be in Boston?
I don't know what to feed Tom's dog.
Tom said he'd be embarrassed to do that.
How long do you expect to be in Boston?
I don't know what time Tom got home.
Tom said he wouldn't ever do that again.
How far is it to the station from here?
I don't know if Tom likes me or not.
Tom said he wouldn't attend the meeting.
How do you think we should handle this?
I don't know if Tom is happy or not.
Tom said he wished you wouldn't do that.
How did you know what you needed to do?
I don't know how good a cook Tom is.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone there.
How did you know what time to be there?
I don't know Tom's telephone number.
Tom said he wished he hadn't eaten that.
How did you know what else I had to do?
I don't have to tell Tom what to do.
Tom said he wished he hadn't drunk that.
Have you ever been to a surprise party?
I don't doubt that Tom will do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't been there.
Have I done something I shouldn't have?
I don't care who Tom does that with.
Tom said he wasn't the least bit hungry.
French is the language I want to learn.
I don't care how much money Tom has.
Tom said he wasn't permitted to do that.
Even though it's snowing, I'll do that.
I don't blame Tom for what happened.
Tom said he was trying to be optimistic.
Even though it was raining, I did that.
I don't blame Tom for getting angry.
Tom said he was good at speaking French.
Don't try to do that without some help.
I don't believe Tom really did that.
Tom said he was going to take that risk.
Don't try to do that when you're tired.
I didn't want Tom to move to Boston.
Tom said he was going to do that for me.
Don't try to do that when you're drunk.
I didn't want Tom to do that for me.
Tom said he was going to do that anyway.
Don't forget to kiss your wife goodbye.
I didn't want Tom to come to Boston.
Tom said he was almost ready to do that.
Don't eat or drink anything else today.
I didn't understand what Tom wanted.
Tom said he was afraid to do that alone.
Doing that's illegal in many countries.
I didn't think Tom's joke was funny.
Tom said he wants to do that by himself.
Doing that would probably be dangerous.
I didn't think Tom would talk to me.
Tom said he wanted to leave early today.
Doing that would be a good thing to do.
I didn't think Tom would be worried.
Tom said he tried to do that by himself.
Doing that probably won't be dangerous.
I didn't think Tom would be nervous.
Tom said he thought I was very annoying.
Doing that likely won't be interesting.
I didn't think Tom would be jealous.
Tom said he sold his house for $300,000.
Doing that is likely to be very boring.
I didn't tell Tom who my father was.
Tom said he really doesn't do that much.
Doing that here will be very expensive.
I didn't tell Tom where I was going.
Tom said he never wanted this to happen.
Do you think you'd be quiet doing that?
I didn't tell Tom what was going on.
Tom said he never wanted that to happen.
Do you think you'd be happy doing that?
I didn't tell Tom what might happen.
Tom said he never considered doing that.
Do you think it's dangerous to do that?
I didn't tell Tom what he has to do.
Tom said he needs to do that by himself.
Do you still go swimming every weekend?
I didn't tell Tom what I had to buy.
Tom said he needs to borrow an umbrella.
Do you remember what time you did that?
I didn't tell Tom I lived in Boston.
Tom said he needed to borrow some money.
Do you know whose sunglasses these are?
I didn't sit around waiting for Tom.
Tom said he hopes to be back in October.
Do you have any idea what we should do?
I didn't realize that Tom was lying.
Tom said he hoped to be back in October.
Do you always lock your house at night?
I didn't realize Tom should do that.
Tom said he hoped he could win the race.
Do I need to get permission to do that?
I didn't realize Tom had to do that.
Tom said he heard noises in the kitchen.
Didn't you know that I used to do that?
I didn't notice what Tom was eating.
Tom said he has to learn how to do that.
Did you stay in Boston all last summer?
I didn't notice how Tom was dressed.
Tom said he had to learn how to do that.
Did both of your parents go to college?
I didn't let Tom go out in the rain.
Tom said he got really tired doing that.
Did I translate the sentence correctly?
I didn't know where Tom's house was.
Tom said he doesn't remember doing that.
Could you stop by my office after 2:30?
I didn't know what Tom was thinking.
Tom said he doesn't know how to do that.
Could you give me a couple of examples?
I didn't know what Tom wanted to do.
Tom said he didn't want to sing with us.
Chuck's Diner is now open for business.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't happy.
Tom said he didn't want to mow the lawn.
Chuck's Diner has gone out of business.
I didn't know that Tom was a doctor.
Tom said he didn't want to do that here.
Both of your legs need to be amputated.
I didn't know that Tom had children.
Tom said he didn't recommend doing that.
Both of my brothers have been arrested.
I didn't know that Tom could see me.
Tom said he didn't have anything to eat.
Are you going to do that tomorrow, too?
I didn't know how to respond to Tom.
Tom said he didn't have a place to stay.
Are you confident that you can do that?
I didn't know Tom was your grandson.
Tom said he appreciated you being there.
Are we going to stay in Boston tonight?
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said doing that was never an option.
Am I the only one who wants to do that?
I didn't know Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom said I was the one with the problem.
Am I the only one who needs to do that?
I didn't know Tom needed to do that.
Tom said I should've helped him do that.
All three of us overslept this morning.
I didn't give Tom what he asked for.
Tom said I didn't sound very optimistic.
All the walls in my house need painted.
I didn't expect to hear Tom's voice.
Tom refused to do what I told him to do.
About what time will you be doing that?
I didn't expect Tom to be so hungry.
Tom quit the project after three months.
About how long will it take to do that?
I didn't exactly tell Tom the truth.
Tom probably won't pass the examination.
About how long does it take to do that?
I can't imagine Tom ever doing that.
Tom probably knows more than he told us.
Your timing couldn't have been better.
I can't believe you did that to Tom.
Tom probably had a hard time doing that.
Your handwriting is almost unreadable.
I can see why Tom enjoys doing that.
Tom probably had a good time doing that.
Your French pronunciation is terrible.
I bet Tom would be able to help you.
Tom probably drinks more than he should.
You've lost a few pounds, haven't you?
I assumed Tom would want to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know what happened.
You've already graduated, haven't you?
I asked Tom why I shouldn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that I'm busy.
You're willing to do that, aren't you?
I asked Tom why I needed to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know much about it.
You're too young to apply for the job.
I already know what Tom wants to do.
Tom probably can't do that without help.
You're through doing that, aren't you?
I already know what Tom plans to do.
Tom planted these trees a long time ago.
You're the worst student in the class.
How often does Tom get his hair cut?
Tom planted roses in front of his house.
You're the only one who can't do that.
How often do you eat lunch with Tom?
Tom opened the door and let his dog out.
You're the one who told us to do that.
How long did it take Tom to do that?
Tom only answered some of the questions.
You're the one I want to do that with.
How did you know what Tom had to do?
Tom often takes long walks on the beach.
You're the best French speaker I know.
Have you told Tom that you love him?
Tom often forgets to turn off the light.
You're one of the richest men in town.
Even Tom didn't know how to do that.
Tom never had an opportunity to do that.
You're obliged to do that, aren't you?
Don't you think Tom might be scared?
Tom needs us to show him how to do that.
You're in no rush to do that, are you?
Don't you think Tom might be lonely?
Tom needs to learn to think for himself.
You're fortunate that you can do that.
Don't forget to tell Tom to do that.
Tom needs to be the next one to do that.
You're a speech therapist, aren't you?
Don't forget to pick Tom up at 2:30.
Tom needs to be excused from doing that.
You're a native of Boston, aren't you?
Don't expect Tom to do that for you.
Tom must've been tired when he got home.
You're a graduate student, aren't you?
Don't be surprised if Tom does that.
Tom must be tired after working all day.
You're a college graduate, aren't you?
Does Tom still want to go to Boston?
Tom might want to go to Boston with you.
You're a Canadian citizen, aren't you?
Does Tom still do that the same way?
Tom might be coming to Boston next week.
You'll never be able to do that again.
Does Tom often go on business trips?
Tom may stay in Boston for another week.
You'll likely get very wet doing that.
Does Tom always speak French to you?
Tom manages a restaurant on Park Street.
You'll have to do that someplace else.
Do you want Tom to buy that for you?
Tom looked well the last time I saw him.
You'll get fired if you don't do that.
Do you think Tom would lend me $300?
Tom knows who can do that and who can't.
You'll do that pretty soon, won't you?
Do you think Tom was careful enough?
Tom knows we aren't supposed to do that.
You'll do that next Monday, won't you?
Do you think Tom might be dishonest?
Tom knows he no longer needs to do that.
You'll do that immediately, won't you?
Do you think Tom could be in Boston?
Tom knows I'm supposed to do that today.
You'll do that by yourself, won't you?
Do you know why Tom kept doing that?
Tom knew we weren't supposed to do that.
You'll do that again today, won't you?
Didn't you know Tom used to do that?
Tom isn't the only one who's frustrated.
You'll cook for us tonight, won't you?
Didn't you know Tom played the oboe?
Tom isn't the one who actually did that.
You'd be stupid if you didn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom lived in Boston?
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that now.
You wouldn't do that to me, would you?
Didn't you know Tom had an accident?
Tom isn't really sure what he should do.
You wouldn't do that again, would you?
Did you know where Tom wanted to go?
Tom isn't really sure what he has to do.
You won't do that this week, will you?
Did you know that Tom would do that?
Tom isn't likely to be retired yet.
You won't be allowed to do that again.
Did you know that Tom was a dentist?
Tom isn't likely to be embarrassed.
You won't allowed to do that anywhere.
Did you know Tom was good at French?
Tom isn't likely to be cooperative.
You weren't able to do that, were you?
Did you know Tom is good at cooking?
Tom is young, but he knows what he's doing.
You were able to do that, weren't you?
Did you know Tom enjoyed doing that?
Tom is very unlikely to want to do that.
You were a child prodigy, weren't you?
Could it have been Tom who did that?
Tom is very frugal, but he's not stingy.
You want to see me do that, don't you?
Both of Tom's brothers were injured.
Tom is trying to ignore what's going on.
You used to be a comedian, didn't you?
Ask Tom if he needs help doing that.
Tom is the person I've been waiting for.
You told me you wouldn't ever do that.
All three of us were at Tom's party.
Tom is the only person I know in Boston.
You should've refused to go to Boston.
All of Tom's children are in Boston.
Tom is the only name on the list so far.
You should probably not do that today.
You're three months older than Tom.
Tom is the one who should be doing that.
You should have no problem doing that.
You'll make Tom do that, won't you?
Tom is still willing to do that for you.
You should do that as soon as you can.
You'll help Tom do that, won't you?
Tom is still better at French than I am.
You should come to visit us in Boston.
You'll do that with Tom, won't you?
Tom is probably not having a lot of fun.
You should be the next one to do that.
You were foolish to meet Tom again.
Tom is one of the tallest people I know.
You should be done doing that by 2:30.
You want Tom to do that, don't you?
Tom is much richer than you think he is.
You should be able to do that as well.
You still can't stand Tom, can you?
Tom is lucky he's still able to do that.
You seemed to be unwilling to do that.
You shouldn't have let Tom do that.
Tom is lucky he didn't lose his license.
You seemed to be reluctant to do that.
You should've asked Tom to do that.
Tom is likely too distracted to do that.
You seemed to be doing that very well.
You should tell Tom you'll do that.
Tom is likely to still be in his office.
You seem to be a lot busier than I am.
You should show Tom how to do that.
Tom is likely to still be in Boston now.
You remember what happened, don't you?
You promised you'd do that for Tom.
Tom is likely to be hesitant to do that.
You really like to do that, don't you?
You may talk to Tom if you want to.
Tom is likely to be called as a witness.
You really like doing that, don't you?
You know what Tom wants, don't you?
Tom is in the living room, taking a nap.
You never do that by yourself, do you?
Would Tom ever consider doing that?
Tom is happy with how things turned out.
You need to figure out how to do that.
Will Tom work in Boston next month?
Tom is going to be very glad to see you.
You may use my hatchet if you want to.
Will Tom stay in Boston all summer?
Tom is considering becoming a bartender.
You may use my bicycle if you want to.
Will Tom really be able to do that?
Tom is being taken care of by his uncle.
You look like you're in a lot of pain.
Will Tom be able to do that for us?
Tom is beginning to do things like that.
You look like you're going to be sick.
Why didn't you have to go to Tom's?
Tom is apparently a good trumpet player.
You look like you might be interested.
Why did that matter so much to Tom?
Tom is apparently a good French speaker.
You look like you could use some rest.
Why did Tom need to be there early?
Tom is an outstanding basketball player.
You know why that happened, don't you?
Why did Tom have to be there early?
Tom is also not very good at doing that.
You knew that I'd do that, didn't you?
Why isn't Tom working here anymore?
Tom is actually only thirteen years old.
You knew I should do that, didn't you?
Who told you Tom wanted to do that?
Tom is able to do that without any help.
You knew I had to do that, didn't you?
Who told you Tom needed to do that?
Tom is a very popular kid at his school.
You just have to wait a little longer.
Who told you Tom had been arrested?
Tom is a real popular kid at his school.
You have to stop doing that right now.
Where does Tom usually go swimming?
Tom introduced me to a very pretty girl.
You have to figure out how to do that.
Where did you and Tom go yesterday?
Tom injured himself while playing rugby.
You had many opportunities to do that.
When's Tom coming back from Boston?
Tom hung the lamp on the limb of a tree.
You get up early every day, don't you?
When do you think Tom will do that?
Tom hopes that he'll be able to do that.
You don't want to do that now, do you?
When did you study French with Tom?
Tom helped an old woman across the road.
You don't think we'll do that, do you?
What prevented Tom from doing that?
Tom held that job for only three months.
You don't think I can do that, do you?
What did you tell Tom he had to do?
Tom hasn't taught French in a long time.
You don't seem to know how to do that.
What Tom said was a little strange.
Tom hasn't done that since October 20th.
You don't seem to be eager to do that.
What Tom is going to do is unclear.
Tom hasn't done that as often as I have.
You don't remember doing that, do you?
What I'll do is ask Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't come to work for three weeks.
You don't really speak French, do you?
We should take Tom to the hospital.
Tom hasn't been punished for doing that.
You don't need to shout. I'm not deaf.
We expect Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom hasn't accomplished anything so far.
You don't need to know why I did that.
We expect Tom to be back on Monday.
Tom has told me he'll sign the contract.
You don't need to do that now, do you?
Was it you who told Tom to do that?
Tom has told me I don't need to do that.
You don't need to be young to do that.
Was Tom in history class today?
Tom has told me I don't have to do that.
You don't know why I did that, do you?
They don't pay Tom much to do that.
Tom has three friends who are Canadians.
You don't know how to do that, do you?
There's no way Tom will be on time.
Tom has three brothers who are triplets.
You don't know how I did that, do you?
The way Tom did that was brilliant.
Tom has the ability to make that happen.
You don't have you to do that anymore.
The old TV Tom gave me didn't work.
Tom has taught for the last three years.
You don't have to be young to do that.
That's not what Tom promised to do.
Tom has started playing his banjo again.
You don't get paid to do that, do you?
Tell Tom not to do that by himself.
Tom has started looking for another job.
You don't do that like most people do.
Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom has promised to never be late again.
You do speak French very well, do you?
Perhaps Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom has promised to do better next time.
You didn't look like you were shocked.
Perhaps Tom is waiting for a reply.
Tom has promised not to do that anymore.
You didn't look like you were nervous.
Perhaps Tom doesn't use it anymore.
Tom has postponed his trip to Australia.
You didn't look like you were jealous.
My guess is that Tom won't do that.
Tom has personally helped me many times.
You didn't do that last week, did you?
Maybe Tom won't be able to do that.
Tom has overstepped his authority again.
You didn't do that after all, did you?
Maybe Tom can get a job at the zoo.
Tom has no choice but to try doing that.
You did that very quickly, didn't you?
It would be mean to do that to Tom.
Tom has never said he wanted to do that.
You definitely didn't need to do that.
It was yesterday that Tom did that.
Tom has moved out of his parents' house.
You definitely didn't have to do that.
It was last year that Tom did that.
Tom has finally decided to go to Boston.
You could come with me if you want to.
It took Tom three hours to do that.
Tom has done what he was supposed to do.
You complained about that, didn't you?
It seems that Tom wants to do that.
Tom has done something like that before.
You can sit next to me if you want to.
It seems like Tom likes to do that.
Tom has decided to go back to Australia.
You apparently didn't need to do that.
It seems like Tom likes doing that.
Tom has contracted an incurable disease.
You apparently didn't have to do that.
It looks like Tom wants to do that.
Tom has been waiting here for some time.
You agreed not to do that, didn't you?
Is it true that Tom didn't do that?
Tom has been waiting for that to happen.
Wouldn't you like to do that tomorrow?
Is Tom still trying to lose weight?
Tom has been told to do that by himself.
Would you still be willing to do that?
Is Tom still living on Park Street?
Tom has been to Australia several times.
Would you like something hot to drink?
Is Tom still determined to do that?
Tom has been teaching us some new stuff.
Would you like me to buy that for you?
Is Tom still be willing to do that?
Tom has been teaching French since 2013.
Will you go to Boston this month, too?
I've never seen Tom do that before.
Tom has been in his bedroom all evening.
Will you clean your room this weekend?
I've asked Tom to buy that for you.
Tom has been in a coma for three months.
Will it be all right to do that today?
I'm very sure Tom needs to do that.
Tom has been here for about three years.
Why don't you want to do that with me?
I'm sure that's what Tom has to do.
Tom has been helping out in the kitchen.
Why don't you let me buy that for you?
I'm sure that's not Tom's umbrella.
Tom has been doing that since yesterday.
Why do you have a bandage on your arm?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be surprised.
Tom has been doing that his entire life.
Why do people study foreign languages?
I'm sure Tom would love to do that.
Tom has been doing that for three years.
Why didn't anyone tell me this before?
I'm sure Tom would hate to do that.
Tom has been doing that for a few years.
Why did you need to stay after school?
I'm sure Tom will help you do that.
Tom has been accused of stealing $3,000.
Whose son was in the traffic accident?
I'm not sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom has asked the police for protection.
Whose responsibility is it to do that?
I'm not sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom has always been interested in music.
Who told you I didn't want to do that?
I think Tom will be reasonable.
Tom has already said that he'll do that.
Who told you I didn't need to do that?
I wouldn't tell Tom how to do that.
Tom has already promised not to do that.
Who told you I didn't have to do that?
I wonder why Tom needed to do that.
Tom has already done that several times.
Who do you think would do that for us?
I wonder whether Tom has done that.
Tom has almost no experience doing that.
When you're my age, you'll understand.
I wonder if Tom would ever do that.
Tom has advised me not to do that again.
When will dinner be ready? I'm hungry.
I wonder if Tom will do that today.
Tom has a really strange sense of humor.
What version of Windows are you using?
I wonder if Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom hardly ever gives his wife presents.
What kinds of TV programs do you like?
I won't tell Tom what he should do.
Tom had to have been tempted to do that.
What kind of art do you like the most?
I won't tell Tom what I want to do.
Tom had plenty of time to get that done.
What do you want to do Monday evening?
I won't ask Tom to do that anymore.
Tom had no idea what he should be doing.
We've already dealt with that problem.
I wish you'd go to Boston with Tom.
Tom had a son who was killed in the war.
We're not supposed to do that anymore.
I wasn't surprised by what Tom did.
Tom had a lot of things he wanted to do.
We're not supposed to burn trash here.
I wanted to talk to Tom about that.
Tom had a lot of things he needed to do.
We'll still do that if you want us to.
I wanted to kiss Tom, but I didn't.
Tom got on his motorcycle and rode away.
We'll come to Boston for your wedding.
I wanted to go where Tom was going.
Tom got most of the things he asked for.
We were just in Boston a few days ago.
I wanted Tom to do that by himself.
Tom goes to the supermarket once a week.
We need to get back to Boston tonight.
I want to wait until Tom gets here.
Tom gave the same answer he always does.
We must work for at least three hours.
I want to know who Tom's mother is.
Tom frequently forgets to lock the door.
We might not go to Boston this spring.
I want to know who Tom's father is.
Tom expects to be transferred to Boston.
We may need to go to Boston on Monday.
I want to buy a piggy bank for Tom.
Tom expects all three of us to be there.
We have to get back to Boston tonight.
I tried to show Tom how to do that.
Tom eats a sandwich every day for lunch.
We have to do that while we still can.
I tried to get Tom to study French.
Tom doesn't write the speeches he gives.
We could probably do that if we tried.
I tried to convince Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to stop doing that.
We can visit Boston, too, if you want.
I told Tom that I couldn't do that.
Tom doesn't want you to do that for him.
This time I need to do that by myself.
I told Tom I wouldn't ever do that.
Tom doesn't want you to do that anymore.
This shouldn't take much of your time.
I told Tom I don't have to do that.
Tom doesn't usually go to school by bus.
This seems to be some kind of mistake.
I told Tom I didn't have much time.
Tom doesn't think that I should do that.
This is the third time I've done this.
I thought that would embarrass Tom.
Tom doesn't think he's going to do that.
This is a list of things I want to do.
I thought Tom would be unimpressed.
Tom doesn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
This is a list of things I need to do.
I thought Tom would be sympathetic.
Tom doesn't smile as much as he used to.
This is a list of things I have to do.
I thought Tom would be heartbroken.
Tom doesn't seem to know how to do that.
They won't permit you to do that here.
I thought Tom would be discouraged.
Tom doesn't seem to have figured it out.
There's no chance that that'll happen.
I thought Tom would be cooperative.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying himself.
The price was higher than we expected.
I thought Tom wasn't in his office.
Tom doesn't seem to be eager to do that.
The man driving our bus looked sleepy.
I thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom doesn't really care how you do that.
The last few days have been very cold.
I thought Tom was ready to do that.
Tom doesn't realize what he needs to do.
The judge's decision shocked everyone.
I thought Tom was going to be shot.
Tom doesn't need you to do that anymore.
The judge's decision caused an uproar.
I thought Tom was going to be late.
Tom doesn't need to know why I did that.
That would be impossible for me to do.
I thought Tom was flirting with me.
Tom doesn't like to throw anything away.
Please explain to me how you did that.
I thought Tom should buy a new car.
Tom doesn't like to go horseback riding.
Please do that for as long as you can.
I thought I could help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't like swimming in the winter.
Perhaps it's not necessary to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be suspicious.
Tom doesn't like baseball or basketball.
People around here frequently do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be interested.
Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
Old men are the only ones who do that.
I think Tom would like to be alone.
Tom doesn't know who's going to do that.
Not everyone can afford such a luxury.
I think Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know the value of education.
No one but me is permitted to do that!
I think Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know how to get to my place.
No one I know really likes doing that.
I think Tom will be here on Monday.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be fired.
No one I know really enjoy doing that.
I think Tom said that he'd do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
My youngest daughter just got married.
I think Tom is visiting Boston now.
Tom doesn't have you to do that anymore.
My shirt is drying on the clothesline.
I think Tom is too lazy to do that.
Tom doesn't have very many friends here.
My parents won't permit me to do that.
I think Tom is finished doing that.
Tom doesn't have to do that immediately.
My parents don't permit me to do that.
I think Tom has a cousin in Boston.
Tom doesn't have the stamina to do that.
My parent's won't allow me to do that.
I think Tom does that all the time.
Tom doesn't have the ability to do that.
My hearing has gradually gotten worse.
I think Tom didn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't have enough time to do that.
My favorite day of the week is Monday.
I think Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't have as many stamps as I do.
My children can speak French a little.
I think Tom could teach you French.
Tom doesn't care whether we come or not.
My car gets thirty kilometers a liter.
I think Tom could probably do that.
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston now.
My bicycle is a lot better than yours.
I think Tom could be in Boston now.
Tom does that because he wants to do it.
My bedroom is much cleaner than yours.
I think Tom could be back tomorrow.
Tom does that because he loves doing it.
Mt. Fuji is a very beautiful mountain.
I think Tom could actually do that.
Tom disliked being treated like a child.
Most people here can't swim very well.
I think Tom can't actually do that.
Tom died on the morning of October 20th.
Most of the passengers were uninjured.
I think Tom can do that by himself.
Tom died on his way back from Australia.
Monday would be a good day to do that.
I think I could get Tom to do that.
Tom died in the same bed he was born in.
Monday is my favorite day of the week.
I still can't believe Tom did that.
Tom didn't think that you could do that.
Maybe I can come to Boston in October.
I should've laughed at Tom's jokes.
Tom didn't tell me why I had to do that.
Mary looks beautiful in her new dress.
I should try to get Tom to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never done that.
Mary isn't as beautiful as her sister.
I should tell Tom to go home early.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten divorced.
Mary is the best-looking woman I know.
I should tell Tom not to be afraid.
Tom didn't seem like an intelligent man.
Mary is getting prettier and prettier.
I should probably help Tom do that.
Tom didn't say why he came here by taxi.
Let's rest a little before doing that.
I should get Tom to do that for me.
Tom didn't know what he should be doing.
Let's not delay doing that any longer.
I should do what Tom told me to do.
Tom didn't know that you would be there.
It's raining now, so we can't do that.
I should ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom didn't know that I couldn't do that.
It's probably too late to do that now.
I often do the same thing Tom does.
Tom didn't know how long he should wait.
It's not too late to change your mind.
I noticed that Tom's door was open.
Tom didn't expect to be able to do that.
It's not my responsibility to do that.
I know you didn't buy that for Tom.
Tom didn't do everything you say he did.
It's going to be very easy to do that.
I know why Tom should've done that.
Tom didn't do everything he said he did.
It's finally time to start doing that.
I know why Tom doesn't like Boston.
Tom didn't dare express his own opinion.
It'll probably be possible to do that.
I know the reason why Tom did that.
Tom did know he was supposed to do that.
It'll be almost impossible to do that.
I know that Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom did everything he felt he had to do.
It wouldn't be helpful to do that now.
I know all three of Tom's brothers.
Tom devoted a lot of time to doing that.
It wouldn't be easy for us to do that.
I know Tom will eventually do that.
Tom could've done that without our help.
It wouldn't be a good idea to do that.
I know Tom isn't telling the truth.
Tom could've been in Boston last Monday.
It would've been unethical to do that.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that.
Tom could still do that better, I think.
It would've been expensive to do that.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom could only do that for a short time.
It would've been dangerous to do that.
I know Tom can't do that very well.
Tom could face a three-year prison term.
It would be very unethical to do that.
I know I have to help Tom tomorrow.
Tom could be tough when he needed to be.
It would be very obnoxious to do that.
I knew Tom would refuse to do that.
Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
It would be possible to do that again.
I knew Tom wasn't going to do that.
Tom could be prejudiced, but I doubt it.
It would be nice if you could do that.
I knew Tom was planning to do that.
Tom could be frightened, but I doubt it.
It would be great if we could do that.
I hope Tom won't refuse to do that.
Tom could be finished doing that by now.
It would be good to do that this week.
I hope Tom won't ask me to do that.
Tom continued doing that his whole life.
It was very foolish of you to do that.
I hope Tom will do that by himself.
Tom caught three passes in today's game.
It was a problem, but not a major one.
I hope Tom knows who won't do that.
Tom can't have forgotten how to do that.
It takes about three hours to do that.
I hope Tom knows what he should do.
Tom can do both things at the same time.
It shouldn't cost too much to do that.
I hope Tom knows what he has to do.
Tom can be in Boston by Monday, I think.
It should be cheap for you to do that.
I hope Tom knows he has to do that.
Tom came to visit me three weekends ago.
It probably won't be cheap to do that.
I hope Tom is motivated to do that.
Tom brags about how well he can do that.
It looks like you're in a lot of pain.
I hope Tom is doing well in school.
Tom bought his wife whatever she wanted.
It looks like you're having a bad day.
I hope Tom is doing that right now.
Tom believed that he would win the race.
It gets pretty hot here in the summer.
I hope Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom assured us that he wouldn't do that.
It doesn't look like you're impressed.
I hope Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom assured me that he wouldn't do that.
It doesn't look like you're exhausted.
I hope Tom doesn't make us do that.
Tom asked me why I didn't eat breakfast.
Is there anything else you need to do?
I helped Tom deal with the problem.
Tom asked me to tell him why I did that.
Is there anything else you have to do?
I heard that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom asked me to show you how to do that.
If you tell me what to do, I'll do it.
I heard Tom won't do that tomorrow.
Tom asked me if I really had to do that.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't do that.
I haven't yet reported Tom missing.
Tom asked if he was required to do that.
If I had enough time, I could do that.
I haven't said anything to Tom yet.
Tom apparently shouldn't have done that.
I've read all the books on this shelf.
I forgot to thank Tom for the gift.
Tom apparently has no desire to do that.
I've only done that about three times.
I forgot to thank Tom for his help.
Tom apparently had no desire to do that.
I've often gone to Boston on business.
I expect Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom apologized for doing that years ago.
I've never done that, but I'd like to.
I doubt if Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom answered yes to all three questions.
I've had a lot of practice doing that.
I doubt if Tom will be embarrassed.
Tom and his teenage son moved to Boston.
I've already read some of these books.
I doubt if Tom will be disobedient.
Tom and I've known each other for years.
I've already done what I needed to do.
I doubt if Tom will be discouraged.
Tom and I've decided not to get married.
I'm very busy now, so I can't do that.
I doubt if Tom will be cooperative.
Tom and I weren't the ones who did that.
I'm tired, so I don't want to do that.
I don't want to ask Tom to do that.
Tom and I were told to stay on our room.
I'm three months away from graduation.
I don't want Tom to move to Boston.
Tom and I were surprised by what we saw.
I'm the only one who wants to do that.
I don't want Tom to do that for me.
Tom and I were living in Boston in 2013.
I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I don't want Tom to come to Boston.
Tom and I want to study French together.
I'm the only one who knows what to do.
I don't think that I can trust Tom.
Tom and I usually study French together.
I'm the only one permitted to do that.
I don't think Tom would lie to you.
Tom and I threw snowballs at each other.
I'm studying to become an interpreter.
I don't think Tom would be jealous.
Tom and I take turns washing the dishes.
I'm still not very good at volleyball.
I don't think Tom will remember me.
Tom and I still aren't ready to do that.
I'm still not very good at doing that.
I don't think Tom will be stubborn.
Tom and I speak to each other in French.
I'm sorry I couldn't buy that for you.
I don't think Tom will be punctual.
Tom and I shared a hotel room in Boston.
I'm really glad I was able to do that.
I don't think Tom will be obedient.
Tom and I often work together on Monday.
I'm not the only one who has a camera.
I don't think Tom will be confused.
Tom and I often tell each other stories.
I'm not the one who actually did that.
I don't think Tom will be careless.
Tom and I nodded to each other politely.
I'm not sure that's what I want to do.
I don't think Tom was being unfair.
Tom and I met at a New Year's Eve party.
I'm not sure that's what I need to do.
I don't think Tom wants to do that.
Tom and I live in the same part of town.
I'm not sure that's what I have to do.
I don't think Tom ought to do that.
Tom and I live in the same neighborhood.
I'm not sure if I'll do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom needs to do that.
Tom and I haven't done our homework yet.
I'm not supposed to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom is very talented.
Tom and I have always been good friends.
I'm not responsible for what happened.
I don't think Tom is uncomfortable.
Tom and I have almost nothing in common.
I'm not looking forward to doing that.
I don't think Tom is going to do that.
Tom and I have a very good relationship.
I'm not interested in going to Boston.
I don't really care what Tom wants.
Tom and I hardly ever agree on anything.
I'm not going to do that next weekend.
I don't often let Tom drive my car.
Tom and I had a huge fight this morning.
I'm not going anywhere this afternoon.
I don't like science, but Tom does.
Tom and I had a good time playing chess.
I'm not coming to Boston this weekend.
I don't let Tom do that by himself.
Tom and I don't often do the same thing.
I'm not certain I'll do that tomorrow.
I don't know why Tom was in prison.
Tom and I don't love each other anymore.
I'm having trouble remembering things.
I don't know why Tom is doing that.
Tom and I do almost everything together.
I'm certain that'll happen eventually.
I don't know why Tom got impatient.
Tom and I aren't very likely to do that.
I'm afraid I won't be able to do that.
I don't know who built Tom's house.
Tom and I aren't speaking to each other.
I'll write to you at your new address.
I don't know where to wait for Tom.
Tom and I are still making up our minds.
I'll teach French in Boston next year.
I don't know where to look for Tom.
Tom and I are having a really good time.
I'll remember today as long as I live.
I don't know where Tom wants to go.
Tom and I are getting married next year.
I'll probably go to Boston in October.
I don't know where Tom needs to go.
Tom and I are busy planning our wedding.
I'll never forgive you if you do that.
I don't know when Tom will do that.
Tom always eats lunch with us on Monday.
I'll never forgive you for doing that.
I don't know when Tom will be here.
Tom almost never does that before lunch.
I'll meet you at the airport tomorrow.
I don't know what Tom wants to eat.
Tom actually stayed in Boston all month.
I'll be doing that tomorrow afternoon.
I don't know what Tom wants to buy.
Tom's wife is just as strange as he is.
I'd speak to you in French if I could.
I don't know what Tom really wants.
Tom's singing didn't impress me at all.
I'd rather stay here than go anywhere.
I don't know what Tom is doing now.
Tom's first book was published in 2013.
I'd rather be here than anywhere else.
I don't know if Tom is busy or not.
Tom's designs didn't impress me at all.
I'd like to figure out how to do that.
I don't know how to respond to Tom.
Tom's car is parked in front of my car.
I'd like a couple of kilos of loquats.
I don't know any of Tom's children.
Tom's business is doing extremely well.
I'd do that for you if you want me to.
I don't know Tom as well as you do.
Tom wrote one of the songs on my album.
I'd do that again if I had the chance.
I don't have any idea where Tom is.
Tom wouldn't have done that by himself.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me.
I didn't want to tell Tom anything.
Tom would never have agreed to do that.
I wouldn't visit Boston if I were you.
I didn't want to go to Tom's party.
Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I wouldn't go to Boston if I were you.
I didn't want to go there with Tom.
Tom would be impressed if you did that.
I wonder why we don't have to do that.
I didn't want to be alone with Tom.
Tom worked in Boston from 2003 to 2013.
I wonder why I didn't have to do that.
I didn't want Tom to do that again.
Tom won't likely want to do that again.
I wonder if it's safe to do that here.
I didn't think that Tom was hungry.
Tom won't likely need to do that again.
I wonder if it's dangerous to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be sleepy.
Tom won't likely have to do that today.
I wonder if it would be OK to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be scared.
Tom won't likely have to do that again.
I won't permit you to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom would be lonely.
Tom won't likely be through doing that.
I won't do that unless you do it, too.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid.
Tom won't likely be tempted to do that.
I wish we had stayed in Boston longer.
I didn't think Tom would be absent.
Tom won't likely be grumpy again today.
I wish we could stay in Boston longer.
I didn't think Tom was embarrassed.
Tom won't likely be absent again today.
I wish I'd had enough time to do that.
I didn't think Tom was discouraged.
Tom won't be permitted to do that here.
I wish I'd been old enough to do that.
I didn't think Tom was cooperative.
Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
I wish I hadn't looked out the window.
I didn't tell Tom which hat to buy.
Tom won't be allowed to do that either.
I wish I hadn't left the windows open.
I didn't tell Tom what I was doing.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem.
I wasn't in the mood to do that today.
I didn't tell Tom what I had to do.
Tom won't be able to do that very well.
I was too young to drive at that time.
I didn't tell Tom that I loved him.
Tom won't be able to do that every day.
I was too young to drink at that time.
I didn't tell Tom about this place.
Tom will probably volunteer to do that.
I was the only one who had to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I'd gotten fired.
Tom will probably pass the examination.
I was the only one who didn't do that.
I didn't really think Tom did that.
Tom will probably be impressed by that.
I was the only one allowed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom had left.
Tom will probably be at home on Monday.
I was the one who should've done that.
I didn't realize how smart Tom was.
Tom will probably be afraid to do that.
I was on a sick leave for three weeks.
I didn't realize I had to help Tom.
Tom will probably agree not to do that.
I was hoping you could do that for me.
I didn't pay much attention to Tom.
Tom will likely be hesitant to do that.
I was aware that I was being followed.
I didn't offer Tom anything to eat.
Tom will likely be doing that tomorrow.
I was able to do that on my third try.
I didn't notice what Tom was up to.
Tom will get an opportunity to do that.
I want to stay here until next Monday.
I didn't notice what Tom was doing.
Tom will be downstairs waiting for you.
I want to spend time with my children.
I didn't like what I saw Tom doing.
Tom went to the well to get some water.
I want to see what's in your suitcase.
I didn't like it when Tom did that.
Tom went and got a book from the shelf.
I want to rent an apartment in Boston.
I didn't know you were helping Tom.
Tom wasn't very irritated by the noise.
I want to learn how to play badminton.
I didn't know what Tom was reading.
Tom wasn't the first person here today.
I want to know who you ate lunch with.
I didn't know what Tom was cooking.
Tom wasn't given the chance to do that.
I want to know what you'd like to eat.
I didn't know that Tom was unhappy.
Tom was too scared to go into the cave.
I want to know if you're free tonight.
I didn't know that Tom was married.
Tom was told not to do that by himself.
I want to help, but I don't have time.
I didn't know that Tom was in town.
Tom was the one who told us to do that.
I want to eat Chinese food for dinner.
I didn't know Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom was the first one to get that done.
I want to do that before it gets dark.
I didn't know Tom was your husband.
Tom was the first one to be eliminated.
I want to do that as soon as possible.
I didn't know Tom was your brother.
Tom was the captain of basketball team.
I want to come to Boston next weekend.
I didn't know Tom was still single.
Tom was sitting on a bench in the park.
I want to buy some books for children.
I didn't know Tom couldn't do that.
Tom was only permitted to do that once.
I want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't know I was older than Tom.
Tom was one of those who were laid off.
I want to be a professional violinist.
I didn't intend to let Tom kiss me.
Tom was one of those who were arrested.
I want all of you to listen carefully.
I didn't have to explain it to Tom.
Tom was mugged by three men in hoodies.
I try to do that at least once a week.
I didn't get on the train with Tom.
Tom was in a hurry because he was late.
I thought you'd be doing that all day.
I didn't get a chance to thank Tom.
Tom was already asleep when I got home.
I thought you'd be at today's meeting.
I didn't expect Tom to outsmart me.
Tom wanted to be in Boston last Monday.
I thought you were supposed to strong.
I didn't expect Tom to be so tired.
Tom wanted me to go to Boston with him.
I thought you said I couldn't do that.
I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
Tom very rarely does that before lunch.
I thought you didn't have a boyfriend.
I didn't discuss the plan with Tom.
Tom usually has a good time doing that.
I thought we weren't going to do that.
I didn't buy Tom what he asked for.
Tom tried to drown himself last summer.
I thought it was dangerous to do that.
I didn't allow Tom to drive my car.
Tom told us he could understand French.
I thought I'd go to Boston next month.
I did the exact same thing Tom did.
Tom told me you weren't able to do that.
I thought I'd be doing that by myself.
I can't move as quickly as Tom can.
Tom told me that he's ready to do that.
I thought I smelled something rotting.
I can't believe Tom is over thirty.
Tom told me that he'd do that tomorrow.
I thought I might not need to do that.
I called Tom to ask him to do that.
Tom told me that he has just done that.
I thought I might not have to do that.
I bet Tom would be able to do that.
Tom told me that I was being too bossy.
I think would be a mistake to do that.
How do you know Tom didn't do that?
Tom told me that I should quit smoking.
I think something strange is going on.
How can we convince Tom to do that?
Tom told me that I should do that soon.
I think it's probably safe to do that.
How can I make Tom stop doing that?
Tom told me that I looked disorganized.
I think it's probably easy to do that.
Have you told Tom why you did that?
Tom told me last night he might retire.
I think it might be unsafe to do that.
Have you asked Tom why he did that?
Tom told me it would be fun to do that.
I think it might be stupid to do that.
Has Tom ever considered doing that?
Tom told me he'd just gotten a divorce.
I think doing that would be too risky.
Has Tom been living in Boston long?
Tom told his son to eat his vegetables.
I think doing that would be a mistake.
Everyone went to Boston except Tom.
Tom thinks he won't be able to do that.
I think doing that won't be very easy.
Don't you try to blame this on Tom.
Tom tends to drink too much at parties.
I think doing that should be possible.
Don't forget to ask Tom to do that.
Tom taught French here for three years.
I think doing that might be dangerous.
Don't do that until Tom gets there.
Tom strongly advised me not to do that.
I think I'll be able to do that today.
Doing that wouldn't make Tom happy.
Tom still wants to do that, doesn't he?
I think I can do that faster than you.
Does Tom need to be doing that now?
Tom still needs to do that, doesn't he?
I still have to read three more pages.
Does Tom have to be doing that now?
Tom still manages to do that very well.
I shouldn't have to work this weekend.
Does Tom have the skill to do that?
Tom still hasn't answered my questions.
I should've stayed at home last night.
Does Tom always do that by himself?
Tom still does that as often as he can.
I should've done that three weeks ago.
Do you think Tom will be surprised?
Tom started doing that three years ago.
I should've bought something to drink.
Do you think Tom will be exhausted?
Tom started doing that a few weeks ago.
I should've been a little more polite.
Do you think Tom is too aggressive?
Tom stacked the dishes in the cupboard.
I should wait until Monday to do that.
Do you think Tom is doing that now?
Tom spent three months in the hospital.
I should be able to do that on my own.
Do you still permit Tom to do that?
Tom spent the whole day playing guitar.
I should be able to do that by myself.
Do you know why Tom had to do that?
Tom spent almost three years in prison.
I saw something floating in the water.
Didn't you know that Tom had a dog?
Tom spent a lot of time in the library.
I remember having done that somewhere.
Didn't you know Tom would be there?
Tom spends a lot of time reading books.
I regret not staying in Boston longer.
Didn't you know Tom was doing that?
Tom spends a lot of time playing games.
I regret not having done that earlier.
Didn't you know Tom was a Canadian?
Tom sometimes eats out with his family.
I really can't speak French very well.
Didn't you know Tom had to do that?
Tom sometime helps me with my homework.
I realized I didn't have enough money.
Didn't you know Tom died in Boston?
Tom shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I promised you I'd help you, didn't I?
Did you know that Tom was Canadian?
Tom shouldn't be doing that by himself.
I probably won't try to do that again.
Did you know Tom wasn't happy here?
Tom shouldn't be allowed any more time.
I pretty sure I won't have to do that.
Did you know Tom wanted to do that?
Tom should've sent a letter of apology.
I never knew Mr. Jackson's first name.
Did you know Tom played the guitar?
Tom should've gone to Boston last week.
I never had an opportunity to do that.
Did you know Tom needed to do that?
Tom should've done that, but he didn't.
I need to do that as soon as possible.
Did you know Tom is good at French?
Tom should've done that three days ago.
I need a volunteer to help me do that.
Did you know Tom has been arrested?
Tom should've done that somewhere else.
I need a pair of scissors to cut this.
Did Tom stay in Boston last summer?
Tom should've done that someplace else.
I may have to give a speech in French.
Could you show me a picture of Tom?
Tom should've done that more carefully.
I learned how to do that the hard way.
Ask Tom what he wants to listen to.
Tom should probably not have done that.
I know why you didn't want to do that.
Ask Tom if he knows how to do that.
Tom should know better than to do that.
I know that won't happen anytime soon.
Ask Tom if he can help us tomorrow.
Tom should have a good time doing that.
I know about everything that happened.
All of Tom's toys are made of wood.
Tom should do that as soon as possible.
I know I'll need to help you tomorrow.
"Is Tom afraid?" "Yes, I think so."
Tom should be the first one to do that.
I knew doing that would be worthwhile.
"Has Tom done that?" "No, not yet."
Tom should be interested in doing that.
I knew I'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Your singing really impressed Tom.
Tom seldom, if ever, eats meat anymore.
I knew I might be required to do that.
You're three years older than Tom.
Tom seldom, if ever, does that anymore.
I just did that less than an hour ago.
You're a good deal older than Tom.
Tom seems to enjoy reading comic books.
I just can't stay here and do nothing.
You're a few years older than Tom.
Tom seemed to do that better this time.
I intend to get that done by tomorrow.
You're a better musician than Tom.
Tom seemed to be in a hurry to do that.
I hope I didn't keep you waiting long.
You're Tom's neighbor, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be doing a very nice job.
I helped the old woman cross the road.
You'll let Tom do that, won't you?
Tom seemed to be determined to do that.
I helped the old lady across the road.
You'll do that for Tom, won't you?
Tom seemed amused by what was going on.
I helped an old man across the street.
You'll ask Tom do that, won't you?
Tom scraped his knee when he fell down.
I heard you actually tried to do that.
You think Tom did that, don't you?
Tom says we don't have time to do that.
I haven't finished writing the report.
You do that the same way Tom does.
Tom says that he won't do that anymore.
I haven't finished reading the report.
Would you really buy that for Tom?
Tom says he's ready to help us do that.
I haven't been doing that much lately.
Would Tom really buy that for you?
Tom says he's not a member of any club.
I haven't been back to Boson in years.
Will Tom live in Boston next year?
Tom says he's been injured three times.
I have to do that as soon as possible.
Will Tom go to Boston next summer?
Tom says he'd rather not do that today.
I hate people who do things like that.
Will Tom be doing that by himself?
Tom says he wishes he hadn't done that.
I hate it when people keep me waiting.
Why don't you want to talk to Tom?
Tom says he wants more money than that.
I had to come to Boston for a meeting.
Why does Tom want to go to Boston?
Tom says he used to be able to do that.
I had a headache, so I didn't do that.
Why does Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom says he thinks he needs to do that.
I found the wallet I thought I'd lost.
Why did you permit Tom to do that?
Tom says he needs more money than that.
I finally visited Boston last October.
Why did Tom go to the supermarket?
Tom says he hasn't done that in months.
I doubt if it would be fun to do that.
Why aren't you in Boston with Tom?
Tom says he has about thirty cookbooks.
I don't have many friends in Boston.
Who told you Tom wouldn't help us?
Tom says he doesn't do that very often.
I don't want you to do that right now.
Who told you Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom says he didn't know how to do that.
I don't want to watch TV this evening.
Who told you Tom had been injured?
Tom says he could never live in Boston.
I don't want to sing with you anymore.
Who told you Tom couldn't do that?
Tom said we shouldn't leave until 2:30.
I don't want to make a fool of myself.
Who did Tom say taught him French?
Tom said three shots were fired in all.
I don't want to have to do that again.
When did Tom have his house built?
Tom said there's a reason he does that.
I don't want to cross the picket line.
What did Tom do that was so wrong?
Tom said the team needed a new captain.
I don't want my friends to see me cry.
They tell me that Tom can do that.
Tom said the accident wasn't his fault.
I don't want anything for my birthday.
That won't make Tom sick, will it?
Tom said that would likely happen soon.
I don't think you're being reasonable.
Should we tell Tom not to do that?
Tom said that probably wouldn't happen.
I don't think you should've done that.
Please tell Tom to lock the doors.
Tom said that he won't do that anymore.
I don't think you should do that here.
Please tell Tom to get here early.
Tom said that he wasn't very impressed.
I don't think you should buy that car.
Please tell Tom that I'll do that.
Tom said that he wasn't hungry anymore.
I don't think doing that would be fun.
Please tell Tom he should do that.
Tom said that he wasn't having any fun.
I don't think I've forgotten anything.
Please tell Tom he has to do that.
Tom said that he had fun at your party.
I don't think I'll need too much help.
Please tell Tom I need to do that.
Tom said that could never happen again.
I don't think I'll need any more help.
Perhaps Tom would like to do that.
Tom said some things will never change.
I don't think I'll ever do that again.
Perhaps Tom won't do that anymore.
Tom said it was pretty easy to do that.
I don't think I'll ever be happy here.
Perhaps Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom said it was him who should do that.
I don't think I'll be able to do that.
Perhaps Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom said it was him who had to do that.
I don't think I'd have fun doing that.
Perhaps Tom needs to do that, too.
Tom said it snowed in Boston yesterday.
I don't think I want to do that today.
My wife told Tom I wasn't at home.
Tom said his schedule has been changed.
I don't think I should really do that.
My guess is that Tom will do that.
Tom said he's pleased with the results.
I don't think I really had to do that.
My car cost a lot more than Tom's.
Tom said he's interested in doing that.
I don't think I need to do that today.
Maybe Tom is doing that right now.
Tom said he's glad you weren't injured.
I don't think I have to do that today.
Maybe Tom doesn't know where I am.
Tom said he's been to Australia before.
I don't think I can do that right now.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom said he'd do that if I did it, too.
I don't think I can do that by myself.
Maybe I can go to Boston with Tom.
Tom said he'd do that again, didn't he?
I don't remember if I locked the door.
It's not often that Tom does that.
Tom said he'd be retiring next October.
I don't remember if I did that or not.
It wasn't easy for Tom to do that.
Tom said he'd be in Boston next Monday.
I don't really want to live in Boston.
It sounds like Tom has to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't forget that night.
I don't quite remember when I did that.
Is Tom still working as a plumber?
Tom said he wished he hadn't done that.
I don't need to know why you did that.
Is Tom still permitted to do that?
Tom said he wished he hadn't been late.
I don't need to go to the store today.
Is Tom still afraid to do that?
Tom said he wasn't the least bit tired.
I don't need to go to school tomorrow.
If you do that, Tom will be happy.
Tom said he wasn't old enough to drive.
I don't need to get up early tomorrow.
I've persuaded Tom not to do that.
Tom said he wasn't old enough to drink.
I don't need to do that, but I should.
I've never seen Tom wearing jeans.
Tom said he wasn't a good chess player.
I don't need to be at today's meeting.
I'm the person Tom is waiting for.
Tom said he was starting to feel dizzy.
I don't mind if you don't wait for me.
I'm sure Tom won't object to that.
Tom said he was asked to do that again.
I don't like to have my picture taken.
I'm sure Tom won't be embarrassed.
Tom said he wants to be a fire fighter.
I don't know whether it's true or not.
I'm sure Tom hasn't forgotten you.
Tom said he wanted to be ready by 2:30.
I don't know where to put my umbrella.
I'm supposed to help Tom tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he knew what to do.
I don't know where the supermarket is.
I'm really glad that Tom did that.
Tom said he saw no point in doing that.
I don't know how to ride a motorcycle.
I'm not sure what Tom wants to do.
Tom said he often thinks about leaving.
I don't know how to play the clarinet.
I'm not sure what Tom needs to do.
Tom said he now regrets not doing that.
I don't know how to get to your place.
I'm certain that Tom will do that.
Tom said he needs to borrow some money.
I don't know how much money was taken.
I'd never stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom said he isn't the least bit hungry.
I don't know how much money I'll need.
I'd never seen Tom do that before.
Tom said he hopes to keep working here.
I don't know how I'm going to do that.
I'd be willing to do that for Tom.
Tom said he hopes to be back on Monday.
I don't know exactly what I should do.
I would've advised Tom to do that.
Tom said he hoped to be back on Monday.
I don't know any other way to do that.
I wonder why Tom wants to do that.
Tom said he had a lot of fun in Boston.
I don't know Mr. Jackson's first name.
I wonder why Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he enjoyed last night's party.
I don't have to know why you did that.
I wonder whether Tom will do that.
Tom said he didn't want to get married.
I don't have to go if I don't want to.
I wonder what Tom is trying to do.
Tom said he didn't want to do that now.
I don't have to get up early tomorrow.
I wonder if Tom will be all right.
Tom said he didn't want to do anything.
I don't have to do that, but I should.
I wonder if Tom is doing that now.
Tom said he didn't want that to happen.
I don't have to be at today's meeting.
I wonder if Tom has done that yet.
Tom said he didn't want me to help him.
I don't have the willpower to do that.
I wish I hadn't told Tom anything.
Tom said he didn't need any more money.
I don't have the experience necessary.
I wasn't the one who poisoned Tom.
Tom said he didn't have anything to do.
I don't have much teaching experience.
I wasn't expecting Tom to do that.
Tom said he didn't get paid to do that.
I don't have anything to do with that.
I wasn't able to make Tom do that.
Tom said he couldn't recall doing that.
I don't have any friends to play with.
I wasn't able to help Tom do that.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be enough.
I don't have a place to put my things.
I was surprised that Tom did that.
Tom said doing that would be too risky.
I don't give my children an allowance.
I was in the same hospital as Tom.
Tom said doing that would be dangerous.
I don't get paid very much to do that.
I want to give my old desk to Tom.
Tom said I wasn't permitted to do that.
I don't do that kind of thing anymore.
I told Tom you could speak French.
Tom said I should've gone home earlier.
I do that about three hours every day.
I told Tom to do that immediately.
Tom said I should never have done that.
I didn't wear a tie to work yesterday.
I thought that Tom didn't do that.
Tom said I needed to get more exercise.
I didn't want to get in trouble again.
I thought it was Tom who did that.
Tom said I don't need to do that today.
I didn't want to answer that question.
I thought Tom would be suspicious.
Tom said I don't have to do that today.
I didn't want things to end like this.
I thought Tom would be safe there.
Tom said I didn't sound very surprised.
I didn't understand what was going on.
I thought Tom would be reasonable.
Tom said I didn't sound very confident.
I didn't think that would ever happen.
I thought Tom would be interested.
Tom refuses to admit he made a mistake.
I didn't think I had to do that today.
I thought Tom would be frustrated.
Tom really would've enjoyed this movie.
I didn't tell the police my real name.
I thought Tom should study harder.
Tom really wants to do that by himself.
I didn't tell anyone who I really was.
I thought Tom should study French.
Tom really needs to do that right away.
I didn't swim because it was too cold.
I thought Tom might be interested.
Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't stay in Boston for very long.
I thought Tom knew how to do that.
Tom really does look much better today.
I didn't say anything about the party.
I thought Tom had a chance to win.
Tom really did that exceptionally well.
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.
I thought Tom could pass the test.
Tom realized he didn't have to do that.
I didn't really think I could do that.
I thought I was doing Tom a favor.
Tom put the cans of beans on the shelf.
I didn't really expect this to happen.
I think that Tom wants to do that.
Tom promised to do that, but he didn't.
I didn't really enjoy studying French.
I think Tom wouldn't be surprised.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that today.
I didn't realize my nose was bleeding.
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that again.
I didn't realize I was being followed.
I think Tom would need to do that.
Tom probably won't be doing that today.
I didn't read the newspaper yesterday.
I think Tom would have to do that.
Tom probably should do that right away.
I didn't leave my apartment yesterday.
I think Tom would hate to do that.
Tom probably doesn't understand French.
I didn't know you liked horror movies.
I think Tom would be undependable.
Tom probably doesn't know who did that.
I didn't know you knew how to do that.
I think Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom probably didn't do that by himself.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
I think Tom will be here tomorrow.
Tom probably could've done that better.
I didn't know what to do at that time.
I think Tom really has to do that.
Tom pretended that he had a broken leg.
I didn't know what everyone else knew.
I think Tom really had to do that.
Tom plans to fly to Boston next Monday.
I didn't know that you would be there.
I think Tom isn't going to resign.
Tom picked the knife up off the ground.
I didn't know if I could do it or not.
I think Tom is through doing that.
Tom opened the door and let his dog in.
I didn't know how much money I'd need.
I think Tom is anxious to do that.
Tom only speaks French when he's drunk.
I didn't know how much money I needed.
I think Tom can help us next week.
Tom often did that when he was younger.
I didn't know I was going to be fired.
I teach French to Tom once a week.
Tom never did that when he was younger.
I didn't have time to read the report.
I still haven't apologized to Tom.
Tom needs to figure out how to do that.
I didn't have anything I needed to do.
I should've stayed and helped Tom.
Tom needed to be in Boston last Monday.
I didn't have a chance to do anything.
I should've let Tom do that first.
Tom must've had a good time doing that.
I didn't go to French class yesterday.
I should've called Tom last night.
Tom must've been doing that last night.
I didn't give the police my real name.
I only did that to make Tom happy.
Tom must've been determined to do that.
I didn't feel like playing golf today.
I only did that to make Tom angry.
Tom might get punished if he does that.
I didn't expect you to do that for me.
I never knew that Tom was so rich.
Tom may not be going to Boston with us.
I didn't expect to be able to do that.
I need to tell Tom not to do that.
Tom may keep doing that if he wants to.
I didn't do what I was supposed to do.
I need to show Tom how to do that.
Tom managed to do that without my help.
I didn't do everything I needed to do.
I live across the street from Tom.
Tom lost three children in the bombing.
I didn't buy what you asked me to buy.
I learned how to do that from Tom.
Tom likes watching late night TV shows.
I didn't bring my tools with me today.
I know that Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom left his luggage at the front desk.
I did that as soon as school was over.
I know that Tom is very talkative.
Tom knows he's not supposed to do that.
I couldn't do that because I was sick.
I know that Tom is self-conscious.
Tom knows he shouldn't do that anymore.
I couldn't do that because I was busy.
I know that Tom has been arrested.
Tom knows he isn't supposed to do that.
I could do that if I really wanted to.
I know exactly what Tom has to do.
Tom knows he could've done that better.
I can do that again if you want me to.
I know Tom shouldn't do that here.
Tom knows hardly anything about Boston.
I can come with you if you want me to.
I know Tom probably won't do that.
Tom knew he wasn't supposed to do that.
I can be persuasive when I want to be.
I know Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom kicked the ball with his left foot.
I came to the same conclusion you did.
I know Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't what he was thirty years ago.
I came to Boston to try to find a job.
I knew that Tom wanted to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to do that again.
I buy almost all the food we eat here.
I knew that Tom needed to do that.
Tom isn't the worst player on our team.
I burn both wood and coal in my stove.
I just can't believe Tom did that.
Tom isn't permitted to do that anymore.
I bought a house with a swimming pool.
I hope that what Tom said is true.
Tom isn't likely to promise to do that.
I assume you wouldn't want to do that.
I hope Tom isn't still unemployed.
Tom isn't likely to forget his promise.
I asked who wouldn't do that tomorrow.
I hope Tom isn't still doing that.
Tom isn't likely to be suspicious.
I almost never do that in the evening.
I hope Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be reasonable.
I almost never come to Boston anymore.
I hope Tom is through doing that..
Tom isn't likely to be interested.
How would you like to do that with me?
I hope Tom doesn't try to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be handcuffed.
How often do you eat with your family?
I hope Tom doesn't get frightened.
Tom isn't likely to be frightened.
How much water do you drink every day?
I hope Tom can do that by himself.
Tom isn't likely to be downstairs.
How many years did it take to do that?
I helped Tom out whenever I could.
Tom isn't likely to be biased.
How many weeks did it take to do that?
I helped Tom get back on his feet.
Tom isn't a member of our club anymore.
How many times an hour do you do that?
I helped Tom climb over the fence.
Tom is usually the first one to arrive.
How many times a week do you exercise?
I heard that Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom is the weakest singer in our choir.
How many times a night do you do that?
I heard that Tom wants to do that.
Tom is the owner of a local restaurant.
How many times a month do you eat out?
I heard Tom will do that tomorrow.
Tom is the only one who has to do that.
How many times a month do you do that?
I had a feeling Tom would do that.
Tom is the only one who had to do that.
How many times a day does you do that?
I had a feeling Tom might do that.
Tom is the only one here with red hair.
How many pieces does this puzzle have?
I forgot to remind Tom to do that.
Tom is the only one here who has a car.
How many loaves of bread did you bake?
I feel sure that Tom will do that.
Tom is the only one allowed to do that.
How many hours did it take to do that?
I expect Tom to do that on Monday.
Tom is the only keyboard player I know.
How many exams did you have last week?
I expect Tom to be back on Monday.
Tom is the one who should've done that.
How many days will it take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will do that again.
Tom is the one who know how to do that.
How many days does it take to do that?
I doubt if Tom will be suspicious.
Tom is the guy who tells us what to do.
How many cookies were in this package?
I doubt if Tom will be interested.
Tom is the best pitcher I've ever seen.
How many class do you have every week?
I doubt if Tom will be frightened.
Tom is the author of over thirty books.
How long have you lived in this house?
I doubt Tom will ever get married.
Tom is supposed to be doing that today.
How long have you been a student here?
I doubt Tom really has to do that.
Tom is still willing to do that for us.
How long are we going to be in Boston?
I don't want to tell Tom anything.
Tom is still facing 30 years in prison.
Have you ever bought a lottery ticket?
I don't want to talk to Tom again.
Tom is still a very good tennis player.
Have you ever been to another country?
I don't want to go to Tom's party.
Tom is sick, so we can't do that today.
Few people do that here in the winter.
I don't want to go there with Tom.
Tom is quite likely not doing that now.
Even though I hate doing that, I will.
I don't want Tom to know I'm rich.
Tom is never as busy as the rest of us.
Don't you want me to buy that for you?
I don't want Tom to do what I did.
Tom is making breakfast in the kitchen.
Don't try to do that without our help.
I don't want Tom to do that alone.
Tom is lucky to still be in Boston now.
Doing that would really make me happy.
I don't want Tom to do that again.
Tom is lucky to have such good friends.
Doing that won't be as easy you think.
I don't think that Tom was hungry.
Tom is likely to be through doing that.
Doing that was easier than I expected.
I don't think that Tom is at home.
Tom is likely to be tempted to do that.
Doing that requires a lot of patience.
I don't think Tom will be worried.
Tom is likely to be anxious to do that.
Doing that isn't good for your health.
I don't think Tom will be nervous.
Tom is leaving for Australia next week.
Doing that is likely to be very tough.
I don't think Tom will be jealous.
Tom is in the kitchen peeling potatoes.
Do your parents permit you to do that?
I don't think Tom will be furious.
Tom is in the kitchen making breakfast.
Do you think you'd be able to do that?
I don't think Tom was intoxicated.
Tom is going to be lonely if you leave.
Do you think it'll be colder tomorrow?
I don't think Tom still does that.
Tom is going swimming tomorrow morning.
Do you think doing that would be safe?
I don't think Tom really did that.
Tom is faced with a difficult decision.
Do you think I really have to do that?
I don't think Tom is disappointed.
Tom is expected to do that later today.
Do you still live at the same address?
I don't think Tom is ambidextrous.
Tom is downstairs doing that right now.
Do you really think I have to do that?
I don't really think Tom did that.
Tom is doing his best to not get angry.
Do you mean you didn't really do that?
I don't really care what Tom does.
Tom is doing his best not to get angry.
Do you know any better way to do that?
I don't really care what Tom buys.
Tom is definitely not going to do that.
Do you have any idea what's happening?
I don't like any of Tom's friends.
Tom is certain to pass the examination.
Do you have any experience doing that?
I don't like Tom's idea very much.
Tom is by far the smartest person here.
Do you always watch TV in the evening?
I don't know why Tom quit his job.
Tom is apparently responsible for that.
Do we have to stay in Boston all week?
I don't know why Tom is in Boston.
Tom is an important person around here.
Didn't you used to be student of mine?
I don't know why Tom got confused.
Tom is an important member of our team.
Didn't you know you shouldn't do that?
I don't know where Tom's house is.
Tom is always worrying about something.
Didn't you know you needed to do that?
I don't know when Tom will arrive.
Tom is also the author of three novels.
Didn't you know each other growing up?
I don't know when Tom got married.
Tom is almost always at home on Monday.
Did you know what was going to happen?
I don't know when Tom can do that.
Tom is allowed to do whatever he wants.
Did you know this was going to happen?
I don't know what's bothering Tom.
Tom is absent because he's sick in bed.
Did you know that was going to happen?
I don't know what Tom's plans are.
Tom is a reporter for a local magazine.
Did that seem like a good idea to you?
I don't know what Tom needs to do.
Tom is a fairly good volleyball player.
Could you turn on the air conditioner?
I don't know how Tom will do that.
Tom injured his left foot when he fell.
Could you please open this can for me?
I don't know exactly where Tom is.
Tom injured his knee when he fell down.
Cookie is a good name for a small dog.
I don't hang out with Tom anymore.
Tom immediately began doing that again.
Can your French teacher speak English?
I don't believe that Tom is happy.
Tom helped an old woman cross the road.
Can you tell me what needs to be done?
I didn't want to leave Tom behind.
Tom held out his hand and I grabbed it.
Can we stay in Boston for a few weeks?
I didn't want to keep Tom waiting.
Tom hasn't told us what he wants to do.
Boston is a really nice place to live.
I didn't want to help Tom do that.
Tom hasn't told us what he needs to do.
Boston is a good place for doing that.
I didn't want to do that with Tom.
Tom hasn't really been helping us much.
As I told you before, I can't do that.
I didn't want to be seen with Tom.
Tom hasn't promised to come here again.
Aren't you the one who should do that?
I didn't want to be on Tom's team.
Tom hasn't ever spoken to me in French.
Aren't you the one who has to do that?
I didn't want Tom to hold my hand.
Tom hasn't dropped out of the race yet.
Are there any koalas in the local zoo?
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston.
Tom hasn't done that since last Monday.
All three of us wanted to leave early.
I didn't want Tom to get a tattoo.
Tom hasn't done that since high school.
Your wife is a better cook than mine.
I didn't want Tom to drive my car.
Tom hasn't done that as much as I have.
Your strategy is a good one, I think.
I didn't think that Tom was tired.
Tom has written music for three movies.
Your name has been added to the list.
I didn't think that Tom was happy.
Tom has won all three events this year.
Your mother is much taller than mine.
I didn't think Tom would get hurt.
Tom has two sisters and three brothers.
Your mother is a lot older than mine.
I didn't think Tom would be tired.
Tom has told me that many times before.
Your girlfriend is younger than mine.
I didn't think Tom would be ready.
Tom has told me not to do that anymore.
Your French has improved quite a lot.
I didn't think Tom would be first.
Tom has told me he'll do that tomorrow.
You've bought a new car, haven't you?
I didn't think Tom would be early.
Tom has told me he won't do that again.
You're the smartest one in our class.
I didn't think Tom would be alone.
Tom has told me he has to go to Boston.
You're the shortest boy in the class.
I didn't think Tom was suspicious.
Tom has to wear glasses when he drives.
You're the shortest boy in our class.
I didn't think Tom was interested.
Tom has to live on three dollars a day.
You're the only one who has to leave.
I didn't think Tom was frightened.
Tom has to go to Australia on business.
You're the only one who has a camera.
I didn't think Tom should do that.
Tom has to do that as soon as possible.
You're the one I want to talk to now.
I didn't think Tom looked nervous.
Tom has to be the first one to do that.
You're the best-looking woman I know.
I didn't think Tom had to do that.
Tom has three previous DUI convictions.
You're the best student in the class.
I didn't tell Tom the whole truth.
Tom has the most to gain by doing that.
You're older than I thought you were.
I didn't tell Tom how old you are.
Tom has started doing that once a week.
You're not the only one who did that.
I didn't tell Tom anything at all.
Tom has spent a lot of time doing that.
You're lucky you didn't get arrested.
I didn't tell Tom all the details.
Tom has played in that band since 2013.
You're hoping to do that, aren't you?
I didn't talk to Tom at the party.
Tom has never been on time in his life.
You're a science teacher, aren't you?
I didn't recognize Tom right away.
Tom has never been interested in music.
You're a cancer survivor, aren't you?
I didn't really give Tom a chance.
Tom has never actually lived in Boston.
You're a bit of a coward, aren't you?
I didn't realize Tom was so tired.
Tom has just had an extraordinary year.
You'll never do that again, will you?
I didn't notice that Tom had left.
Tom has given several concerts in here.
You'll have to find a way to do that.
I didn't know you were dating Tom.
Tom has found himself a new girlfriend.
You'll get in trouble if you do that.
I didn't know why Tom was so busy.
Tom has finished doing that, hasn't he?
You'll get an opportunity to do that.
I didn't know where Tom was going.
Tom has finally learned how to do that.
You'll eventually do that, won't you?
I didn't know what Tom would like.
Tom has finally decided to get married.
You'll do that right away, won't you?
I didn't know that Tom was hungry.
Tom has finally decided not to do that.
You'll be fired if you do that again.
I didn't know that Tom was asleep.
Tom has decided to return to Australia.
You'll be fined if you do that again.
I didn't know how unhappy Tom was.
Tom has decided to resign from his job.
You'd get in trouble if you did that.
I didn't know Tom was your father.
Tom has decided to move back to Boston.
You'd be crazy if you didn't do that.
I didn't know Tom was your cousin.
Tom has decided to continue doing that.
You won't permitted to do that again.
I didn't invite Tom to my wedding.
Tom has come up with another good idea.
You won't have the chance to do that.
I didn't intend to argue with Tom.
Tom has been very busy writing stories.
You won't do that tomorrow, will you?
I didn't help Tom paint the fence.
Tom has been trying to do that all day.
You won't be the last one to do that.
I didn't go and Tom didn't either.
Tom has been told not to do that again.
You won't be allowed to do that here.
I didn't give Tom anything to eat.
Tom has been threatened more than once.
You weren't here yesterday, were you?
I didn't force Tom to do anything.
Tom has been suspended for three weeks.
You were a draft dodger, weren't you?
I didn't follow Tom into the cave.
Tom has been staying at a nearby hotel.
You usually do that in the afternoon.
I didn't feel like talking to Tom.
Tom has been out of work since October.
You think I could do that, don't you?
I didn't expect anything from Tom.
Tom has been living in Boston too long.
You think I can't do that, don't you?
I didn't expect any help from Tom.
Tom has been in prison for a long time.
You swore you wouldn't do that again.
I didn't expect Tom to be so busy.
Tom has been in a coma for thirty days.
You still want to do that, don't you?
I didn't even want to talk to Tom.
Tom has been in Boston a few years now.
You still plan to do that, don't you?
I did that while Tom was sleeping.
Tom has been here at least three times.
You still need to do that, don't you?
I did that the way Tom told me to.
Tom has been having trouble doing that.
You still have to do that, don't you?
I couldn't do that, but Tom could.
Tom has been having a really hard time.
You shouldn't have needed to do that.
I borrowed this umbrella from Tom.
Tom has been having a really good year.
You should be done doing that by now.
I believe it was Tom who did that.
Tom has been getting better and better.
You seemed surprised when I did that.
I believe Tom did the right thing.
Tom has been getting all the attention.
You seem to be in a hurry to do that.
I asked Tom to do that right away.
Tom has been doing that his whole life.
You seem to be determined to do that.
How often do you do that with Tom?
Tom has been doing that for many years.
You never actually did that, did you?
How many marshmallows did Tom eat?
Tom has been diagnosed with chickenpox.
You need to try walking more quietly.
How long has Tom spent doing that?
Tom has become very good at doing that.
You need to stay and help me do that.
How long has Tom been in the cave?
Tom has an umbrella just like that one.
You need to find some way to do that.
Don't you think Tom eats too much?
Tom has also recorded as a solo artist.
You need to be in Boston next Monday.
Doing that with Tom should be fun.
Tom has already given me what I wanted.
You need to be a little more patient.
Doing that doesn't make Tom happy.
Tom has advised me to start doing that.
You may do that again if you want to.
Do you think that Tom can do that?
Tom has a new job and a new girlfriend.
You look thinner than you did before.
Do you think Tom might be correct?
Tom has a lot of clothes in his closet.
You look funny wearing those glasses.
Do you think Tom might be annoyed?
Tom has a large farm not far from here.
You look a lot like your grandfather.
Do you still see Tom every Monday?
Tom has a good chance of being elected.
You have to stay and help me do that.
Do you plan to permit Tom to do that?
Tom hardly ever goes to Boston anymore.
You have to find some way to do that.
Do you know where Tom wants to go?
Tom grabbed a hose and then called 911.
You had all day to finish doing that.
Do you know where Tom needs to go?
Tom got on his motorcycle and rode off.
You don't want us to do that, do you?
Do you know how Tom broke his leg?
Tom got married and had three children.
You don't think I'll do that, do you?
Do you intend to do that with Tom?
Tom got in his car and closed the door.
You don't need to be here until 2:30.
Didn't you know that Tom did that?
Tom got hit pretty hard in the stomach.
You don't look like you're impressed.
Didn't you know Tom would do that?
Tom got exactly what he said he wanted.
You don't look like you're exhausted.
Didn't you know Tom was in Boston?
Tom got almost everything he asked for.
You don't have to work today, do you?
Didn't you know Tom was depressed?
Tom got a part-time job as a bartender.
You don't have to do that right away.
Didn't you know Tom needed a visa?
Tom got a flat tire on his way to work.
You don't have to be tall to do that.
Didn't you know Tom lived with us?
Tom goes downtown at least once a week.
You don't have to be rich to do that.
Didn't you know Tom liked fishing?
Tom gets up the earliest in his family.
You don't have to be here until 2:30.
Didn't you know Tom could do that?
Tom generally does that in the morning.
You don't believe I did that, do you?
Did you know that Tom was unhappy?
Tom generally does that in the evening.
You didn't look like you were sleepy.
Did you know Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom gave me no reason for his decision.
You didn't look like you were scared.
Did you know Tom was unhappy here?
Tom gave me advice on which car to buy.
You didn't look like you were lonely.
Did you know Tom was still single?
Tom frequently forgets to pay his rent.
You didn't look like you were asleep.
Did you know Tom liked to do that?
Tom freaked out when he heard the news.
You didn't agree to do that, did you?
Did you know Tom liked doing that?
Tom forgave me for breaking my promise.
You didn't actually do that, did you?
Could you please buy that for Tom?
Tom finished doing that in three hours.
You did that by yourself, didn't you?
Can't you come to Boston with Tom?
Tom faces three to six months of rehab.
You did that better than we expected.
Both Tom and his son were injured.
Tom expects to do that again on Monday.
You definitely don't need to do that.
Ask Tom if he can help us do that.
Tom expects all three of us to do that.
You definitely don't have to do that.
As far as I know, Tom can do that.
Tom expected the job to be challenging.
You can't hear me very well, can you?
Aren't you glad that Tom did that?
Tom drank about twice as much as I did.
You can do that again if you want to.
Aren't you glad that Tom did that.
Tom doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
You aren't permitted to do that here.
Are you sure Tom needs to do that?
Tom doesn't want us to do that anymore.
You apparently don't need to do that.
Are we supposed to meet Tom today?
Tom doesn't want to do that on his own.
You apparently don't have to do that.
"Who's that person?" "That's Tom."
Tom doesn't want to do that by himself.
Wouldn't it be better to do that now?
"Who hit the home run?" "Tom did."
Tom doesn't want to be like his father.
Would you rather drink tea or coffee?
You're the one Tom wants to meet.
Tom doesn't think he'd want to do that.
Would you like to be a fashion model?
You're a lot younger than Tom is.
Tom doesn't think I'm going to do that.
Would you all please help me do this?
You're a lot smarter than Tom is.
Tom doesn't think I'd enjoy doing that.
Would you mind if I didn't do that today?
You're a lot shorter than Tom is.
Tom doesn't think I could ever do that.
Will you please open the door for me?
You're a little younger than Tom.
Tom doesn't smoke and has never smoked.
Will you be in Boston next week, too?
You're a bit younger than Tom is.
Tom doesn't seem to be very happy here.
Why don't you to do that by yourself?
You're a bit shorter than Tom is.
Tom doesn't seem to be very busy today.
Why don't you and I do that tomorrow?
You still don't like Tom, do you?
Tom doesn't seem to be having much fun.
Why do you need to stay after school?
You shouldn't ask Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't seem any busier than usual.
Why do you always speak French to me?
You should've done that with Tom.
Tom doesn't remember how much he drank.
Why did you recommend not doing that?
You promised to help Tom do that.
Tom doesn't really want to do that now.
Why did you need to be there by 2:30?
You did that for Tom, didn't you?
Tom doesn't really have to do that now.
Who's going to be sitting next to me?
Will Tom be permitted to do that?
Tom doesn't permit his kids to do that.
Who would be crazy enough to do that?
Why would Tom speak French to me?
Tom doesn't need to do that by himself.
Who told you that you had to do that?
Why don't you get Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't need me to do that anymore.
Who told you I'd knew how to do that?
Why do you permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't like being told to do that.
Who do you plan to go to Boston with?
Why did Tom want to go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know who did that, does he?
Where can I buy a pair of sunglasses?
Why did Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know what he did was wrong.
When do you plan to return to Boston?
Why did Tom have to go to Boston?
Tom doesn't know that I'm not Canadian.
Whatever you do, don't lose this key.
Who else went to Boston with Tom?
Tom doesn't know that I don't like him.
What's the best way to get to Boston?
Which one of those cars is Tom's?
Tom doesn't know how he should do that.
What difference would that have made?
Where do you suppose Tom will go?
Tom doesn't know a lot about Australia.
What color shoes do you usually wear?
We're fortunate to have Tom here.
Tom doesn't have to do that by himself.
What are you going to do this summer?
We need to contact Tom's parents.
Tom doesn't have experience doing that.
We've decided not to do that anymore.
We can't count on Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't have as much money as I do.
We've been told not to do that again.
We all encouraged Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that today.
We've been given several tasks to do.
They say that Tom didn't do that.
Tom doesn't expect to get here on time.
We'll probably be in Boston all week.
There's no way Tom would do that.
Tom doesn't ever want to do that again.
We won't be able to defend ourselves.
The dogs started growling at Tom.
Tom doesn't do that very often anymore.
We were able to do that successfully.
Tell me about Tom and his family.
Tom doesn't do that the way he used to.
We should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tell Tom he has to do that today.
Tom doesn't care that his car is dirty.
We should've expected that to happen.
Shouldn't Tom be at school today?
Tom doesn't care if you do that or not.
We should speak French to each other.
Please tell Tom to lock the door.
Tom does that at 2:30 almost every day.
We should get out of here right away.
Please tell Tom to do that later.
Tom does that almost every day at 2:30.
We need to hire a couple of janitors.
Please tell Tom to buy some eggs.
Tom does a lot of the household chores.
We need to finish doing this by 2:30.
Please tell Tom to bring a salad.
Tom died three hours after he was born.
We need to figure out how to do that.
Perhaps Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom died three days after the accident.
We don't often see ducks around here.
Not all of Tom's jokes are funny.
Tom died in a traffic accident in 2013.
We don't have you to do that anymore.
My dogs killed one of Tom's cats.
Tom died in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Very few people can actually do that.
My birthday is the same as Tom's.
Tom died before his third son was born.
This seems to be a pretty nice place.
Maybe Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away.
This project is almost 100% complete.
It's doubtful if Tom can do that.
Tom didn't want to stay inside all day.
This kind of heat isn't that unusual.
It was probably Tom who did that.
Tom didn't want to get his clothes wet.
This kind of cold isn't that unusual.
It looks as if Tom is doing that.
Tom didn't want me to help him do that.
These shoes aren't big enough for me.
Is it true that Tom will do that?
Tom didn't think that we could do that.
There's something I want to give you.
If Tom wants to do that, let him.
Tom didn't tell you to do that, did he?
There's something I need to give you.
I've decided to help Tom do that.
Tom didn't seem to know how to do that.
There's something I have to show you.
I'm sure Tom won't pass the exam.
Tom didn't seem to be enjoying himself.
There's something I have to give you.
I'm sure Tom won't do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be eager to do that.
There's something I don't understand.
I'm sure Tom won't be suspicious.
Tom didn't seem to appreciate our gift.
There's one more thing we need to do.
I'm sure Tom won't be interested.
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry.
There's one more thing we have to do.
I'm sure Tom won't be handcuffed.
Tom didn't look like he was having fun.
There's no easy way out of this mess.
I'm sure Tom won't be frightened.
Tom didn't know where his friends were.
There were thousands of people there.
I'm sure Tom will be unimpressed.
Tom didn't know that he had to do that.
There was a lot of food on the table.
I'm sure Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom didn't know that I was from Boston.
The teacher asked us a few questions.
I'm sure Tom will be embarrassed.
Tom didn't know how to open the drawer.
The movie was better than I expected.
I'm sure Tom will be cooperative.
Tom didn't have the courage to do that.
The last few days have been very hot.
I'm sure Tom intended to do that.
Tom didn't have a good time doing that.
That store sells all kinds of things.
I'm supposed to help Tom do that.
Tom didn't go there, and neither did I.
That probably won't happen next week.
I'm reluctant to do that for Tom.
Tom didn't give me a chance to do that.
Someone must've left the window open.
I'm glad that Tom didn't do that.
Tom didn't even have time to eat lunch.
Someone forced you to do that, right?
I'm glad Tom was able to do that.
Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
Some businesses start out as hobbies.
I'm about the same weight as Tom.
Tom didn't do that and I didn't either.
Please tell me when I should do that.
I'm about the same height as Tom.
Tom didn't do everything he say he did.
Please remind me to do that tomorrow.
I'll never go to Boston with Tom.
Tom didn't come to Boston last weekend.
Please put these flowers in the vase.
I'll ask Tom to buy that for you.
Tom didn't actually do that by himself.
Please give me this one and this one.
I'd be surprised if Tom did that.
Tom did the same thing three years ago.
Please give me this one and that one.
I wouldn't go to Boston with Tom.
Tom did that because he was ordered to.
Please don't go to Boston without me.
I wonder why Tom never does that.
Tom did more than what we asked him to.
Please don't be late for the meeting.
I wonder whether Tom can do that.
Tom did everything we wanted him to do.
Perhaps you could borrow an umbrella.
I wonder what Tom is reading now.
Tom denies that he did that on purpose.
Only teenagers are permitted do that.
I wonder if Tom will be punctual.
Tom demonstrated how the device worked.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with me.
I wonder if Tom wants to do that.
Tom definitely wouldn't have done that.
My shift will be over in three hours.
I wonder if Tom needs to do that.
Tom definitely won't forget to do that.
My parents weren't home last weekend.
I wonder if Tom is a picky eater.
Tom definitely won't do that this week.
My parents wanted me to study French.
I won't ask Tom to do that again.
Tom definitely had a chance to do that.
My parents are very worried about me.
I wish Tom could've come with me.
Tom definitely doesn't want to do that.
My old car got thirty miles a gallon.
I wasn't sure what Tom had to do.
Tom definitely doesn't need to do that.
My guitar is a lot better than yours.
I was surprised when Tom told me.
Tom definitely doesn't have to do that.
My father won't permit me to do that.
I was on the same bus as Tom was.
Tom cut down the tree with a chain saw.
My father made me sell my motorcycle.
I wanted to go swimming with Tom.
Tom couldn't talk me out of doing that.
My doctor advised me to stop smoking.
I want to see Tom try to do that.
Tom couldn't go to Boston last weekend.
My computer is much newer than yours.
I want to know who Tom's wife is.
Tom could've simply refused to do that.
Monday will likely be a very hot day.
I want to go to the zoo with Tom.
Tom could've done that without my help.
Mary says she'll wear the blue dress.
I want to give my old car to Tom.
Tom could've complained, but he didn't.
Mary is the mother of three children.
I want to get to know Tom better.
Tom could get arrested if he does that.
Let's go out to get something to eat.
I told Tom I'd do that on Monday.
Tom continues to deny that he did that.
Just taste it and see if you like it.
I thought Tom would be exhausted.
Tom continued to do that until he died.
Just make sure you get there on time.
I thought Tom would be desperate.
Tom continued doing that until he died.
It's very crowded here in the summer.
I thought Tom would be depressed.
Tom continued doing that for some time.
It's raining too hard to do that now.
I thought Tom would be back soon.
Tom comes to Boston every other Monday.
It's hard to see the stage from here.
I thought Tom was in big trouble.
Tom claimed his wallet had been stolen.
It's OK if I don't do that, isn't it?
I thought Tom was doing that now.
Tom changed his schedule to match mine.
It'll take us a long time to do that.
I thought Tom was being stubborn.
Tom caught his son smoking a cigarette.
It would've been romantic to do that.
I thought Tom seemed unconcerned.
Tom can't do that right now. He's busy.
It would've been possible to do that.
I thought Tom enjoyed doing that.
Tom can keep doing that if he wants to.
It would be very sensible to do that.
I thought Tom did that yesterday.
Tom can do that even better than I can.
It would be very romantic to do that.
I think Tom wouldn't be truthful.
Tom can afford to buy the car he wants.
It would be very reckless to do that.
I think Tom would try to do that.
Tom can afford to buy any car he wants.
It would be unethical not to do that.
I think Tom would like to retire.
Tom became an orphan when he was three.
It would be prudent to do that today.
I think Tom would be unimpressed.
Tom apparently doesn't want to do that.
It would be irresponsible to do that.
I think Tom would be sympathetic.
Tom apparently doesn't need to do that.
It would be inconsiderate to do that.
I think Tom would be discouraged.
Tom apparently doesn't have to do that.
It would be foolish to do that again.
I think Tom would be cooperative.
Tom and I've been married thirty years.
It would be disrespectful to do that.
I think Tom won't be cooperative.
Tom and I'll probably do that together.
It would be dangerous to do that now.
I think Tom will help me do that.
Tom and I worked very closely together.
It would be a mistake to do that now.
I think Tom will be here by 2:30.
Tom and I work at the same supermarket.
It would be a big mistake to do that.
I think Tom will be coming later.
Tom and I weren't married at that time.
It would be a bad mistake to do that.
I think Tom knows how to do that.
Tom and I were married for three years.
It takes a lot of courage to do that.
I think Tom did that pretty well.
Tom and I were able to help each other.
It should be safe for you to do that.
I think Tom ate my piece of cake.
Tom and I went to see a movie together.
It should be easy for you to do that.
I shouldn't have let Tom do that.
Tom and I watched the sunrise together.
It should be a lot of fun to do that.
I should've told Tom to be quiet.
Tom and I want to know what's going on.
It seems like a good idea to do that.
I should've asked Tom to do that.
Tom and I very often do the same thing.
It probably won't be safe to do that.
I should tell Tom not to do that.
Tom and I used to go swimming together.
It probably won't be easy to do that.
I should tell Tom how to do that.
Tom and I used to go shopping together.
It must be boring for you to do that.
I should show Tom how to do that.
Tom and I used to be business partners.
It infuriates me when people do that.
I should help Tom more than I do.
Tom and I started talking at same time.
It doesn't look like you're prepared.
I should help Tom clean his room.
Tom and I spend a lot of time together.
It didn't look like you were shocked.
I should have Tom do that for me.
Tom and I posed for a picture together.
It didn't look like you were annoyed.
I remember asking Tom to do that.
Tom and I often wear matching T-shirts.
It could take a few hours to do that.
I persuaded Tom to do that again.
Tom and I live next door to each other.
Isn't there any other way to do that?
I ordered the same thing Tom did.
Tom and I hugged and kissed each other.
Isn't there an easier way to do that?
I know why Tom wanted to do that.
Tom and I have very different opinions.
Isn't there a cheaper way to do that?
I know why Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom and I have three teenage daughters.
Is it OK if I don't do that tomorrow?
I know why Tom needed to do that.
Tom and I have recently become friends.
Is gold more expensive than platinum?
I know what Tom's car looks like.
Tom and I had a cup of coffee together.
If you're sick, don't come to school.
I know what I need to say to Tom.
Tom and I got married three months ago.
If you do that, it'll cause problems.
I know what I have to say to Tom.
Tom and I go to school on the same bus.
I've stayed in Boston for three days.
I know that you're afraid of Tom.
Tom and I enjoy playing music together.
I've only been to Boston three times.
I know that Tom wants to do that.
Tom and I each ate a couple of bananas.
I've never been to a Thai restaurant.
I know that Tom needs to do that.
Tom and I don't see each other anymore.
I've eaten at this restaurant before.
I know that Tom is uncomfortable.
Tom and I don't really know each other.
I've been trying to do that all week.
I know that Tom is overconfident.
Tom and I don't live in Boston anymore.
I've been in Boston for three months.
I know that Tom is irresponsible.
Tom and I didn't dance with each other.
I've been fooled three times already.
I know that Tom is irreplaceable.
Tom and I dated for a couple of months.
I've been cleaning the house all day.
I know that Tom is inconsiderate.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what to do.
I'm thinking that maybe I'll do that.
I know that Tom is afraid of you.
Tom and I both don't understand French.
I'm thinking about taking a vacation.
I know that Tom has been injured.
Tom and I aren't married to each other.
I'm the only person that can do that.
I know that Tom doesn't like you.
Tom and I aren't going to wait for you.
I'm sure that won't happen next week.
I know better than to lie to Tom.
Tom and I are trying to sell our house.
I'm still willing to do that for you.
I know Tom would hate to do that.
Tom and I are too young to get married.
I'm sorry you didn't enjoy the party.
I know Tom won't help me do that.
Tom and I are in the same French class.
I'm not the worst player on our team.
I know Tom will probably do that.
Tom and I are here to help you do that.
I'm not planning to do that tomorrow.
I know Tom will be here tomorrow.
Tom and I are getting married tomorrow.
I'm not permitted to do that anymore.
I know Tom didn't do that for me.
Tom always does that when he's nervous.
I'm not likely to be able to do that.
I know I can't change Tom's mind.
Tom almost never gets what he asks for.
I'm not in the mood to do that today.
I know I can always count on Tom.
Tom almost didn't have time to do that.
I'm looking forward to my retirement.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom admitted he didn't want to do that.
I'm looking forward to being retired.
I knew that Tom couldn't do that.
Tom's three sons still live in Boston.
I'm glad that that's going to happen.
I knew Tom might want to do that.
Tom's thirtieth birthday is coming up.
I'll try to get to Boston next month.
I knew Tom might need to do that.
Tom's school has about 3,000 students.
I'll stay in Boston as long as I can.
I knew Tom might have to do that.
Tom's parents live in the Boston area.
I'll probably teach French next year.
I hope Tom's speech isn't boring.
Tom's next court date is October 20th.
I'll probably study French next year.
I hope Tom won't want to do that.
Tom's name has been added to the list.
I'll do that in the very near future.
I hope Tom won't need to do that.
Tom's lawyer filed the suit on Monday.
I'd like to go to the beach with you.
I hope Tom won't have to do that.
Tom's last party was three months ago.
I'd like three boxes of strawberries.
I hope Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom's last fight was three months ago.
I'd like an omelet, juice and coffee.
I hope Tom never does that again.
Tom's interest in drawing began early.
I'd be glad to go to Boston with you.
I hope Tom isn't still in Boston.
Tom's house was bombed during the war.
I wrote a couple of songs last night.
I hope Tom is willing to do that.
Tom's house is just around the corner.
I wonder why I don't need to do that.
I hope Tom is through doing that.
Tom's hopes to live in Boston someday.
I wonder if doing that would be safe.
I hid from Tom behind the garage.
Tom's death has been ruled a homicide.
I won't do that unless you ask me to.
I helped Tom to put on his shoes.
Tom's boss is a very attractive woman.
I won't be in Boston for much longer.
I helped Tom move some furniture.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he talked to.
I won't be back for a couple of days.
I helped Tom get out of the pool.
Tom wouldn't ever consider doing that.
I won't be allowed to do that either.
I helped Tom climb over the wall.
Tom wouldn't do that even if he could.
I won't be able to do that by myself.
I helped Tom carry his suitcases.
Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I wish I'd been invited to the party.
I heard that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom would've shown you how to do that.
I wish I knew more than one language.
I heard that Tom died doing that.
Tom would've permitted you to do that.
I wish I hadn't forgotten to do that.
I have a feeling Tom can do that.
Tom would probably be able to do that.
I wish I could stay in Boston longer.
I had no idea Tom was doing that.
Tom would never permit you to do that.
I went surfing every day last summer.
I guess Tom will have to do that.
Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I wasn't the one who yelled for help.
I expect Tom to do that tomorrow.
Tom would do that if he had more time.
I wasn't the one who opened the door.
I doubted that Tom would do that.
Tom would be exhausted if he did that.
I wasn't the one who locked the door.
I doubt if Tom will be suspended.
Tom won't tell you, but he'll tell me.
I wasn't good at French at that time.
I doubt if Tom will be surprised.
Tom won't teach French here next year.
I wasn't given the chance to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be skeptical.
Tom won't permit you to do that again.
I wasn't as busy as I thought I'd be.
I doubt if Tom will be objective.
Tom won't likely try to do that again.
I was worried about the test results.
I doubt if Tom will be irritated.
Tom won't likely get bored doing that.
I was too young to vote at that time.
I doubt if Tom will be impressed.
Tom won't likely feel like doing that.
I was forced to sign that confession.
I doubt if Tom will be desperate.
Tom won't likely be home this evening.
I was aware that I was being watched.
I doubt if Tom will be depressed.
Tom won't likely be back anytime soon.
I doubt if Tom will be back soon.
Tom won't be interested in doing that.
I want to visit Boston in the spring.
I doubt if Tom has done that yet.
Tom won't be able to do that tomorrow.
I want to learn how to play the harp.
I don't want to leave Tom behind.
Tom will return on the twentieth, too.
I want to know who you're married to.
I don't want to be on Tom's team.
Tom will probably have fun doing that.
I want to know who you did that with.
I don't want Tom to hold my hand.
Tom will probably go to Boston by car.
I want to know where you hid the key.
I don't want Tom to go to Boston.
Tom will probably do that next Monday.
I want to know what you'd like to do.
I don't want Tom to get a tattoo.
Tom will probably do that again today.
I want to know how I can lose weight.
I don't want Tom to drive my car.
Tom will likely want to do that again.
I want to know how I can gain weight.
I don't think that Tom will come.
Tom will likely be tempted to do that.
I want to go to the concert with you.
I don't think that Tom is hungry.
Tom will leave for Australia tomorrow.
I want to go home earlier than usual.
I don't think it was Tom's fault.
Tom will learn how to do that in time.
I want to feed the birds in the park.
I don't think Tom will be scared.
Tom will go swimming tomorrow morning.
I want to buy a house on Park Street.
I don't think Tom will be lonely.
Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I want to borrow some money from you.
I don't think Tom will be afraid.
Tom will be starved when he gets home.
I want to become an ambulance driver.
I don't think Tom will be absent.
Tom will be in his office all morning.
I want to be the next one to do that.
I don't think Tom is trustworthy.
Tom will be here for three more years.
I want to be the last one to do that.
I don't think Tom is sympathetic.
Tom will be going to camp this summer.
I want to be excused from doing that.
I don't think Tom is still alive.
Tom wasn't prepared for what happened.
I want to be a banker when I grow up.
I don't think Tom is retired yet.
Tom wasn't afraid to go into the cave.
I usually get up early every morning.
I don't think Tom is intoxicated.
Tom was very the first one to do that.
I took a walk on the beach by myself.
I don't think Tom is heartbroken.
Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I thought you were supposed to brave.
I don't think Tom is embarrassed.
Tom was the one who helped me do that.
I thought you said I have to do that.
I don't think Tom is discouraged.
Tom was the first person who did that.
I thought I'd forgotten to do that.
I don't think Tom has to do that.
Tom was the chairman of the committee.
I thought I'd be in Boston on Monday.
I don't think Tom had to do that.
Tom was the best student in our class.
I think you should refuse to do that.
I don't think Tom ever does that.
Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I think you should accept that offer.
I don't think I should trust Tom.
Tom was kind enough to do that for me.
I think we could do that if we tried.
I don't need to help Tom anymore.
Tom was here the day before yesterday.
I think this is some kind of mistake.
I don't need to apologize to Tom.
Tom was gone by the time we got there.
I think it's too late to do that now.
I don't like pizza, but Tom does.
Tom was being treated at the hospital.
I think it'll be possible to do that.
I don't know why Tom isn't happy.
Tom was being held in the county jail.
I think it might be risky to do that.
I don't know why Tom is so upset.
Tom was asleep by the time I got home.
I think doing that won't be much fun.
I don't know why Tom is so tired.
Tom was afraid to even try to do that.
I think I'm not permitted to do that.
I don't know why Tom got nervous.
Tom was actually the one who did that.
I think I'd like to do that tomorrow.
I don't know why Tom got annoyed.
Tom wants to be in Boston next Monday.
I think I still have time to do that.
I don't know where Tom has to go.
Tom wanted to show you how to do that.
I still haven't been able to do that.
I don't know what Tom wants to do.
Tom wanted to be the one who did that.
I still have a thousand things to do.
I don't know what Tom is reading.
Tom usually stays as home on weekends.
I shouldn't have done that yesterday.
I don't know what Tom is cooking.
Tom turns the heat off during the day.
I shouldn't have done that by myself.
I don't know very much about Tom.
Tom tried doing that, but he couldn't.
I should've sent a letter of apology.
I don't know how much Tom weighs.
Tom told us he wouldn't do that again.
I should've gone to Boston last week.
I don't know how Tom got injured.
Tom told us he didn't want to do that.
I should've eaten more for breakfast.
I don't have to help Tom anymore.
Tom told me that he grew up in Boston.
I should've done that three days ago.
I don't have to apologize to Tom.
Tom told me it would be OK to do that.
I should've done that somewhere else.
I don't even talk to Tom anymore.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that again.
I should've done that someplace else.
I don't care what happens to Tom.
Tom told me he had trouble doing that.
I should've been ready, but I wasn't.
I don't allow Tom to go out much.
Tom told himself that he should leave.
I should try to do that, shouldn't I?
I don't agree with what Tom said.
Tom thought he didn't need to do that.
I should have someone do that for me.
I didn't work as hard as Tom did.
Tom thought he didn't have to do that.
I should do that as soon as possible.
I didn't want to sit next to Tom.
Tom thought he could do that tomorrow.
I should be the first one to do that.
I didn't want to do that for Tom.
Tom thinks he's pretty good at guitar.
I should be out of the hospital soon.
I didn't think that Tom was cute.
Tom thinks he's pretty good at French.
I said that I didn't want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom was busy.
Tom thinks he doesn't need to do that.
I promised you I'd do that, didn't I?
I didn't think Tom would kiss me.
Tom thinks he doesn't have to do that.
I probably could've done that better.
I didn't think Tom would hurt me.
Tom tends to drink too much a parties.
I pretended I didn't know what to do.
I didn't think Tom would be late.
Tom talked with his friends yesterday.
I now know why I should've done that.
I didn't think Tom would be last.
Tom suggested we do that by ourselves.
I never said I wanted to go with you.
I didn't think Tom would be here.
Tom suggested that we do that quickly.
I might not stay in Boston very long.
I didn't think Tom was surprised.
Tom stirred the paint before using it.
I might be able to do that next time.
I didn't think Tom was in Boston.
Tom still won't discuss what happened.
I may stay in Boston for another day.
I didn't think Tom was impressed.
Tom still technically owns this place.
I may have to do that again tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom could do that.
Tom still owns a house on Park Street.
I learned how to do that last summer.
I didn't tell Tom where you were.
Tom still isn't very good at swimming.
I know you came to Boston in October.
I didn't tell Tom where I'd been.
Tom still hasn't bought what he needs.
I know why you don't want to do that.
I didn't tell Tom what was wrong.
Tom still hasn't been able to do that.
I know there's still work to be done.
I didn't tell Tom how to do that.
Tom still does that from time to time.
I know that you're afraid to do that.
I didn't stay with Tom in Boston.
Tom stayed longer than he should have.
I know a lot about mountain climbing.
I didn't recognize Tom's parents.
Tom stayed in Boston over the weekend.
I know I'm supposed to do that today.
I didn't realize Tom was unhappy.
Tom stayed in Boston for a short time.
I know I shouldn't do that by myself.
I didn't realize Tom was so rich.
Tom started working here as an intern.
I know I should've done this earlier.
I didn't realize Tom was serious.
Tom started working here as a janitor.
I knew doing that would be a mistake.
I didn't like what Tom was doing.
Tom started doing that a few days ago.
I knew I might be allowed to do that.
I didn't know why Tom was so sad.
Tom spoke for less than three minutes.
I hope you get the chance to do that.
I didn't know why Tom was absent.
Tom spent most of last year in Boston.
I hope you don't get hurt doing that.
I didn't know where Tom had gone.
Tom spent his teenage years in Boston.
I hope we can do that sometime today.
I didn't know where Tom had been.
Tom spent a lot of time reading books.
I hope that it doesn't snow tomorrow.
I didn't know what Tom was doing.
Tom spent a lot of time playing games.
I hope I don't need to do that today.
I didn't know what Tom had to do.
Tom spends a lot of time at the beach.
I hope I don't have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom was upset.
Tom sounded like he had a sore throat.
I hope I don't flunk tomorrow's test.
I didn't know that Tom was there.
Tom sometimes goes to work by bicycle.
I hope I don't die in a car accident.
I didn't know that Tom was lying.
Tom sometimes does that when he's sad.
I gained a lot of weight last summer.
I didn't know that Tom does that.
Tom smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
I fell asleep while I was doing that.
I didn't know Tom would be there.
Tom smiled and said he was doing fine.
I feel responsible for what happened.
I didn't know Tom was your uncle.
Tom showed me various ways to do that.
I expect you to do the same thing I did.
I didn't know Tom was a Canadian.
Tom showed me several ways to do that.
I enjoy listening to classical music.
I didn't know Tom had to do that.
Tom shouldn't be too hard to convince.
I doubt if it would be OK to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't do that.
Tom shouldn't be permitted to do that.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that.
I didn't hear Tom enter the room.
Tom should've stayed in Boston longer.
I don't want to try to do that again.
I didn't give Tom what he wanted.
Tom should've refused to go to Boston.
I don't want to try doing that again.
I didn't give Tom what he needed.
Tom should've gotten some prison time.
I don't want to study French anymore.
I didn't expect Tom to be so fat.
Tom should've gone to Boston by plane.
I don't want to live in an apartment.
I didn't do anything to help Tom.
Tom should've been willing to do that.
I don't want to go swimming with you.
I didn't ask Tom where he'd gone.
Tom should've been tempted to do that.
I don't want to go drinking with you.
I didn't ask Tom for his opinion.
Tom should've been fired last October.
I don't want to get in trouble again.
I didn't accept Tom's invitation.
Tom should probably not do that today.
I don't want anything to do with you.
I can't stop Tom from doing that.
Tom should have a good time in Boston.
I don't think you're being realistic.
I can do that without Tom's help.
Tom should go home and think about it.
I don't think you'd enjoy doing that.
I bet Tom could help you do that.
Tom should be the next one to do that.
I don't think that's such a big deal.
I asked Tom why I should do that.
Tom should be the last one to do that.
I don't think that actually happened.
I asked Tom why I had to do that.
Tom should be the captain of our team.
I don't think that I need to do that.
I always stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom should be ready for the challenge.
I don't think doing that would be OK.
I already know what Tom is doing.
Tom should be forgiven for doing that.
I don't think doing that is much fun.
I already know what Tom has done.
Tom should be excused from doing that.
I don't think I'm likely to be fired.
I already know that Tom did that.
Tom should be done doing that by 2:30.
I don't think I'd be able to do that.
How often is Tom late for school?
Tom should be allowed to keep his job.
I don't think I can buy that for you.
How often does Tom go to parties?
Tom should be able to do that for you.
I don't remember agreeing to do that.
How often does Tom get a haircut?
Tom should be able to do that as well.
I don't really need to do that today.
How many times has Tom done that?
Tom sent those emails three hours ago.
I don't really have to do that today.
How many sandwiches did Tom make?
Tom seems to know what he needs to do.
I don't really enjoy studying French.
How long was Tom in the hospital?
Tom seems to be in a hurry to do that.
I don't often stay out late at night.
How long has Tom been doing that?
Tom seems to be doing a very nice job.
I don't often read non-fiction books.
How long did you leave Tom alone?
Tom seems to be determined to do that.
I don't often eat lunch with my wife.
From what I heard, Tom does that.
Tom seems like he's a lot happier now.
I don't need to worry about anything.
Everyone listened to Tom's story.
Tom seemed to be reluctant to do that.
I don't need to wear glasses anymore.
Even Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom seemed to be doing that very well.
I don't need to know all the details.
Doing that didn't make Tom happy.
Tom seemed to be an easy-going person.
I don't need to go to school anymore.
Do you think Tom will be excited?
Tom seemed really laid back and happy.
I don't need to do that anytime soon.
Do you think Tom might be hungry?
Tom seemed aware of what was going on.
I don't live with my parents anymore.
Do you think Tom might be asleep?
Tom says there's nowhere else to turn.
I don't like to study in the morning.
Do you think Tom might be afraid?
Tom says the smell doesn't bother him.
I don't like to be out late at night.
Didn't you know Tom was sleeping?
Tom says the noise doesn't bother him.
I don't know why I shouldn't do that.
Didn't Tom tell you he'd do that?
Tom says that we should do that today.
I don't know why I needed to do that.
Did you know Tom is good at golf?
Tom says that he's good at doing that.
I don't know who I can trust anymore.
Ask Tom if he can play the piano.
Tom says no children were in the park.
I don't know whether it's new or not.
Aren't you mad that Tom did that?
Tom says it was the right thing to do.
I don't know whether I can go or not.
Are you going to let Tom do that?
Tom says he's good at speaking French.
I don't know where I should put this.
You're a lot taller than Tom is.
Tom says he's done that several times.
I don't know much about my neighbors.
You're a little taller than Tom.
Tom says he's been mugged three times.
I don't know much about horse racing.
You're a bit taller than Tom is.
Tom says he'll need to think about it.
I don't know how much time I'll need.
You're a better driver than Tom.
Tom says he'll do that this afternoon.
I don't know a thing about gardening.
You'd better write Tom a letter.
Tom says he'd rather do that tomorrow.
I don't have to worry about anything.
You stole Tom's car, didn't you?
Tom says he was just following orders.
I don't have to wear glasses anymore.
You saw Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom says he wants more time than that.
I don't have to know all the details.
You said you'd help Tom do that.
Tom says he needs more time than that.
I don't have to go to school anymore.
You promised to do that for Tom.
Tom says he just wants to stay in bed.
I don't have to do that anytime soon.
You need to tell Tom to do that.
Tom says he isn't looking for a fight.
I don't have those kinds of problems.
You look tired, but Tom doesn't.
Tom says he isn't in it for the money.
I don't have the strength to do that.
You look a lot younger than Tom.
Tom says he had nothing to do with it.
I don't have anything to worry about.
You let Tom do that, didn't you?
Tom says he doesn't think I'd do that.
I don't have anything pressing to do.
You have to tell Tom to do that.
Tom says he doesn't like his nickname.
I don't have any time to do that now.
You didn't talk to Tom, did you?
Tom says he doesn't intend to do that.
I don't have any teaching experience.
You can easily find Tom's house.
Tom says he doesn't believe in ghosts.
I don't have any idea how long slept.
You and Tom don't often do that.
Tom says he did that without thinking.
I don't have a car I could depend on.
Would Tom be willing to do that?
Tom says he could never do that again.
I don't feel like doing that tonight.
Will Tom teach French next year?
Tom says he appreciates all your help.
I don't do that as well as I used to.
Will Tom study French next year?
Tom says doing that is very important.
I don't do that as often as I should.
Will Tom be in Boston next year?
Tom says a solution needs to be found.
I don't care what time you go to bed.
Will Tom be in Boston next week?
Tom says I'm the one with the problem.
I don't care what other people think.
Will Tom be doing that with you?
Tom said you shouldn't think about it.
I don't believe that really happened.
Will Tom be doing that tomorrow?
Tom said we shouldn't do that anymore.
I don't agree with you on that point.
Why should Tom apologize to you?
Tom said we needed to be more careful.
I didn't want to stay inside all day.
Why doesn't Tom need to do that?
Tom said those exact same words to me.
I didn't want to look like a tourist.
Why doesn't Tom have to do that?
Tom said there's no reason to do that.
I didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Why did you have to go to Tom's?
Tom said the situation here is unique.
I didn't want to go there after dark.
Why did Tom not want to do that?
Tom said that'll probably happen soon.
I didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Who's going to buy that for Tom?
Tom said that we needed to be careful.
I didn't want to drink anything else.
Who told you Tom had to do that?
Tom said that wasn't likely to happen.
I didn't want to do that without you.
Who told you Tom had been fired?
Tom said that this doesn't make sense.
I didn't want to discuss the details.
Who knows when Tom will do that?
Tom said that he'd been very careless.
I didn't want to answer the question.
When Tom does that, let me know.
Tom said that he'd be glad to do that.
I didn't want my parents to find out.
What'll Tom do tomorrow morning?
Tom said that he was ready to do that.
I didn't want a party on my birthday.
What did you think Tom would do?
Tom said that he was enjoying himself.
I didn't walk to school this morning.
What Tom plans to do is unclear.
Tom said that I should come home soon.
I didn't turn in my homework on time.
What Tom did didn't surprise me.
Tom said last night's concert was fun.
I didn't think you'd be back so soon.
We should be in Boston with Tom.
Tom said it's tough to make ends meet.
I didn't think that we could do that.
We didn't permit Tom to do that.
Tom said it was time to rock and roll.
I didn't see anyone else in the park.
Warn Tom not to do that anymore.
Tom said it was the right thing to do.
I didn't really feel like doing that.
Try to get here before Tom does.
Tom said it was quite easy to do that.
I didn't realize what I needed to do.
Three men in hoodies mugged Tom.
Tom said his son was quite an athlete.
I didn't realize I shouldn't do that.
Those shoes don't belong to Tom.
Tom said his new house cost him a lot.
I didn't realize I needed to do that.
This bicycle is Tom's, not mine.
Tom said he's studying to be a doctor.
I didn't know you owned so much land.
They say that Tom won't do that.
Tom said he's really glad he did that.
I didn't know you enjoyed doing that.
They don't pay Tom much to do that.
Tom said he's ready to defend himself.
I didn't know you did that last year.
There's no way Tom will do that.
Tom said he's happy that you did that.
I didn't know what was in the closet.
The way Tom did that was stupid.
Tom said he's glad you didn't do that.
I didn't know what I was going to do.
The only vegetarian here is Tom.
Tom said he's excused from doing that.
I didn't know what I should be doing.
Tell Tom that I'm still working.
Tom said he's been waiting since 2:30.
I didn't know that you would do that.
Tell Tom he should visit Boston.
Tom said he's been very busy all week.
I didn't know that you were Canadian.
Tell Tom I only drink green tea.
Tom said he's been robbed three times.
I didn't know that you owned a truck.
Shouldn't Tom be doing that now?
Tom said he's always done it that way.
I didn't know that you could do that.
Please tell Tom to study harder.
Tom said he'll help us any way he can.
I didn't know how long I should wait.
Please tell Tom to do that soon.
Tom said he'll be turning thirty soon.
I didn't know exactly where to begin.
Please tell Tom he has to leave.
Tom said he'll be in Boston next week.
I didn't know I was going to be late.
Please tell Tom I won't do that.
Tom said he'd rather do that tomorrow.
I didn't intend to cause any trouble.
Perhaps Tom won't do that today.
Tom said he'd like you to do that now.
I didn't have enough time to do that.
Perhaps Tom isn't at home today.
Tom said he'd help if I wanted him to.
I didn't have anything to write with.
Perhaps Tom is writing a letter.
Tom said he'd be back on October 20th.
I didn't have a good time doing that.
Perhaps Tom has to do that, too.
Tom said he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I didn't go into the room right away.
Perhaps Tom doesn't read novels.
Tom said he wouldn't agree to do that.
I didn't get paid for the work I did.
One of Tom's legs was amputated.
Tom said he wasn't worried about that.
I didn't get home in time for dinner.
My first French teacher was Tom.
Tom said he wasn't willing to help us.
I didn't get enough sleep last night.
My dog killed one of Tom's cats.
Tom said he wasn't old enough to vote.
I didn't get along with my neighbors.
Maybe Tom would like to do that.
Tom said he wasn't interested in that.
I didn't follow the proper procedure.
Maybe Tom wants to do that, too.
Tom said he wasn't at home last night.
I didn't find what I was looking for.
Maybe Tom needs to do that, too.
Tom said he was very unlikely do that.
I didn't feel I was ready to do that.
Let's not permit Tom to do that.
Tom said he was too stupid to do that.
I didn't expect to be chosen captain.
Let's ask Tom to do that for us.
Tom said he was too sleepy to do that.
I didn't expect this to happen today.
Let Tom watch whatever he wants.
Tom said he was told to do that again.
I didn't enjoy the concert very much.
Let Tom watch anything he wants.
Tom said he was sorry for what he did.
I didn't do what you wanted me to do.
Let Tom listen to what he wants.
Tom said he was just about to do that.
I didn't do everything you say I did.
Let Tom drink whatever he wants.
Tom said he was in no rush to do that.
I did the same thing three years ago.
Let Tom drink anything he wants.
Tom said he wanted to help us do that.
I did that today the way I always do.
It's possible that Tom did that.
Tom said he wanted to buy another car.
I did exactly the same thing you did.
It was lucky Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he wanted to be an architect.
I definitely won't forget to do that.
It seems that Tom won't do that.
Tom said he thought you would do that.
I couldn't have done that any better.
It seems that Tom might do that.
Tom said he thought he had to do that.
I can't remember where I bought this.
It looks like Tom won't do that.
Tom said he really regrets doing that.
I can't play the saxophone very well.
Is Tom still willing to do that?
Tom said he probably wouldn't do that.
I can't play the piano all that well.
Is Tom still obliged to do that?
Tom said he now regrets that decision.
I can't play the accordion very well.
Is Tom still be able to do that?
Tom said he never considered retiring.
I can't lend you any money right now.
Is Tom still allowed to do that?
Tom said he needed to call the police.
I can't do that now because I'm busy.
Tom said he knows both of the victims.
I can't believe that really happened.
I've never met Tom's first wife.
Tom said he knew it was time to leave.
I assume you'd be willing to do that.
I'm three months older than Tom.
Tom said he isn't the least bit tired.
How often do you practice basketball?
I'm sure that Tom can't do that.
Tom said he hopes to change that soon.
How often do you do that by yourself?
I'm sure Tom won't be surprised.
Tom said he hopes that'll happen soon.
How many ways do you know to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be ready yet.
Tom said he hasn't decided what to do.
How many times a year do you do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be impressed.
Tom said he has to do that by himself.
How many times a week do you do that?
I'm sure Tom will still do that.
Tom said he had to do that by himself.
How many slices of pizza did you eat?
I'm sure Tom will pass the exam.
Tom said he felt like he was dreaming.
How many loaves of bread did you buy?
I'm sure Tom will be suspicious.
Tom said he felt compelled to do that.
How many hours a week do you do that?
I'm sure Tom will be reasonable.
Tom said he doesn't care if I do that.
How many days did it take to do that?
I'm sure Tom will be interested.
Tom said he didn't want me to do that.
How long do you plan to be in Boston?
I'm sure Tom will be handcuffed.
Tom said he didn't want any more help.
How far is the post office from here?
I'm sure Tom will be frightened.
Tom said he didn't need any more help.
How did you know what I needed to do?
I'm positive Tom didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't know all the rules.
How did you know I needed to do that?
I'm not sure what Tom has to do.
Tom said he didn't do that on purpose.
How did you get to Boston so quickly?
I'm going to ask Tom for advice.
Tom said he didn't do that by himself.
Have you finished writing the report?
I'm exactly the same age as Tom.
Tom said he didn't believe it himself.
Have you ever taken a taxi to school?
I'll do that if Tom wants me to.
Tom said he couldn't sleep last night.
Have you ever run in a marathon race?
I'd rather not do that with Tom.
Tom said he believed he could do that.
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
I wondered if Tom would do that.
Tom said he assumed you would do that.
Everything seems to running smoothly.
I wonder why Tom has to do that.
Tom said a neighbor called the police.
Everyone asked why you weren't there.
I wonder why Tom had to do that.
Tom said I needed to be there by 2:30.
Everybody stayed in Boston except me.
I wonder why Tom got suspicious.
Tom returned from Australia yesterday.
Don't forget to tell Mary to do that.
I wonder if Tom was embarrassed.
Tom recommended this dictionary to me.
Don't forget to remind me to do that.
I wonder if Tom is still single.
Tom really has a lot of people fooled.
Doing that wouldn't be very much fun.
I wonder if Tom is disappointed.
Tom puts a lot of sugar in his coffee.
Doing that won't likely be very easy.
I wonder if Tom can be discreet.
Tom promised not to lie to me anymore.
Doing that won't be as fun you think.
I wonder how Tom went to Boston.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that here.
Doing that likely won't be very easy.
I won't tell Tom how to do that.
Tom promised he won't do that anymore.
Doing that likely won't be dangerous.
I wish Tom would come to Boston.
Tom probably won't forget his promise.
Doing that isn't as easy as it looks.
I wish Tom could do that better.
Tom probably won't ever do that again.
Doing it that way would be dangerous.
I wish I'd kissed Tom goodnight.
Tom probably won't be able to do that.
Do you want to go to a movie with me?
I wish I hadn't let Tom kiss me.
Tom probably shouldn't have done that.
Do you think you're a healthy person?
I wish I hadn't hit Tom so hard.
Tom probably should start packing now.
Do you think it'll be muggy tomorrow?
I wish I hadn't argued with Tom.
Tom probably isn't mad at you anymore.
Do you think it'll be humid tomorrow?
I wish I had told Tom the truth.
Tom probably fell asleep at the wheel.
Do you think it'll be foggy tomorrow?
I went swimming, but Tom didn't.
Tom probably didn't do that last week.
Do you think I'll be able to do that?
I wasn't the one who kissed Tom.
Tom probably did that on October 20th.
Do you think I'd have fun doing that?
I wasn't the one who killed Tom.
Tom probably can't do that on his own.
Do you still go sailing every summer?
I wasn't the one who helped Tom.
Tom pretty much gets what he asks for.
Do you still enjoy watching baseball?
I wasn't invited to Tom's party.
Tom plays the saxophone, but not well.
Do you see any harm in me doing that?
I was surprised by what Tom did.
Tom plans to live in Boston next year.
Do you know where your father is now?
I was supposed to meet Tom here.
Tom passed away peacefully last night.
Do you know any safer way to do that?
I was on the same flight as Tom.
Tom passed away at his home in Boston.
Do you know Mr. Jackson's first name?
I wanted to go skating with Tom.
Tom owns a summer home near the beach.
Do you intend to do that by yourself?
I wanted to go camping with Tom.
Tom overslept and was late for school.
Didn't you know where I wanted to go?
I wanted Tom to help me do that.
Tom often wears a hat just like yours.
Didn't I tell you I wouldn't do that?
I want to know why Tom did that.
Tom often complains about the weather.
Did you remember to put out the fire?
I want to know how Tom did that.
Tom offered his seat to the old woman.
Did you practice the piano yesterday?
I understand that Tom does that.
Tom obviously didn't enjoy doing that.
Did you know that your door was open?
I told Tom you'd come to Boston.
Tom no longer speaks French to anyone.
Did you actually do that by yourself?
I told Tom what I wanted to eat.
Tom never told me about his childhood.
Could I have a glass of orange juice?
I told Tom what I wanted to buy.
Tom never received a formal education.
Can you tell me what you tried to do?
I told Tom what I needed to buy.
Tom never really felt like doing that.
Can you tell me exactly what you did?
I told Tom that I can't do that.
Tom never missed a game or a practice.
Boston is sure a great place to live.
I told Tom I'd be there by 2:30.
Tom needs to make some decisive moves.
Are you sure you're ready to do that?
I thought you said Tom did that.
Tom needs to be in Boston next Monday.
Are you still considering doing that?
I thought Tom would be punctual.
Tom needs to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Are you still a kindergarten teacher?
I thought Tom wasn't interested.
Tom must've thought he had to do that.
Are you going to go by car or by bus?
I thought Tom was wearing a wig.
Tom must've been reluctant to do that.
Are there many art museums in Boston?
I thought Tom shouldn't do that.
Tom must've been motivated to do that.
Am I the only one who has to do that?
I thought Tom seemed unfriendly.
Tom must've been desperate to do that.
About how many hours did you do that?
I thought Tom didn't have a dog.
Tom must be amused by what's going on.
A lot of things can happen in a year.
I thought Tom didn't have a car.
Tom moved to Boston after his divorce.
Your name will be added to the list.
I think that Tom went to Boston.
Tom missed the train by three minutes.
Your hat has fallen under the table.
I think that Tom didn't do that.
Tom might have a good time doing that.
You've seen me do that, haven't you?
I think Tom would be suspicious.
Tom may be living in Boston next year.
You've quit doing that, haven't you?
I think Tom would be reasonable.
Tom may be coming to Boston next week.
You're too old to apply for the job.
I think Tom would be interested.
Tom mainly painted portraits of women.
You're the tallest boy in the class.
I think Tom would be frightened.
Tom made up his mind to go to college.
You're the tallest boy in our class.
I think Tom would be displeased.
Tom made the most of his small income.
You're the right person for the job.
I think Tom won't be interested.
Tom looked like he was in a good mood.
You're the person I was waiting for.
I think Tom won't be here today.
Tom lives in a small hut in the woods.
You're the only person who did that.
I think Tom won't be doing that.
Tom lives alone in a very large house.
You're the one who needs to do that.
I think Tom will do that for us.
Tom likes what you're doing right now.
You're going to do that, aren't you?
I think Tom will do that for me.
Tom likes to talk about his childhood.
You're free to do whatever you want.
I think Tom will be unimpressed.
Tom likes spending time in the garden.
You're free to do anything you want.
I think Tom will be sympathetic.
Tom likely won't be back anytime soon.
You're a trumpet player, aren't you?
I think Tom will be heartbroken.
Tom let me know that he had done that.
You're a fairly decent chess player.
I think Tom will be discouraged.
Tom left the room and closed the door.
You're a careful driver, aren't you?
I think Tom will be cooperative.
Tom left the hospital three hours ago.
You're a bit of a sissy, aren't you?
I think Tom should've done that.
Tom lay on his bed with his eyes open.
You're a bit of a rebel, aren't you?
I think Tom isn't going to do that.
Tom later apologized for his comments.
You're a bit of a loner, aren't you?
I think Tom is likely to resign.
Tom knows where every light switch is.
You're a French teacher, aren't you?
I think Tom is eager to do that.
Tom knows how to handle the situation.
You'll do that on Monday, won't you?
I think Tom is being reasonable.
Tom knows he's not likely to be fired.
You'd be able to do that, won't you?
I think Tom is back from Boston.
Tom knows he no longer has to do that.
You won't get the chance to do that.
I think Tom has to go to Boston.
Tom knows exactly what he ought to do.
You were very courageous to do that.
I think Tom had to go to Boston.
Tom knows exactly what he needs to do.
You were fussy when you were a baby.
I think Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom knows exactly what has to be done.
You thought I'd do that, didn't you?
I think Tom did the right thing.
Tom knows absolutely nothing about it.
You still don't like Boston, do you?
I think Tom did that in October.
Tom knows a lot about classical music.
You shouldn't be the one doing that.
I think Tom did that by himself.
Tom knows I'm not very happy about it.
You should've done that last summer.
I think Tom could do that today.
Tom knew he had made the right choice.
You should've done that by yourself.
I suppose that Tom will do that.
Tom knew he could've done that better.
You should try doing that once more.
I should've offered to help Tom.
Tom just wants to stay out of the way.
You seem to be unwilling to do that.
I should tell Tom what happened.
Tom just wants to keep getting better.
You seem to be reluctant to do that.
I should never have trusted Tom.
Tom just wanted to get back to school.
You really should've visited Boston.
I should ask Tom how to do that.
Tom just wanted to do the right thing.
You promised you'd do that tomorrow.
I put on Tom's shirt by mistake.
Tom just left without saying anything.
You ought to have done that earlier.
I persuaded Tom to go to Boston.
Tom isn't very likely to ever do that.
You only do that on weekends, right?
I never wanted to see Tom again.
Tom isn't very good at making friends.
You need help doing that, don't you?
I need to discuss that with Tom.
Tom isn't the one that has to do that.
You might get killed if you do that.
I know why Tom wants to do that.
Tom isn't the best player on our team.
You may come with me if you want to.
I know why Tom stayed in Boston.
Tom isn't permitted to do that either.
You may come and see me once a week.
I know why Tom needs to do that.
Tom isn't likely to make any mistakes.
You look very pleased with yourself.
I know why Tom is so successful.
Tom isn't likely to be suspended.
You look like you don't belong here.
I know why Tom is in a bad mood.
Tom isn't likely to be surprised.
You look healthier than you used to.
I know why Tom doesn't like you.
Tom isn't likely to be impressed.
You know you can always count on me.
I know why Tom couldn't do that.
Tom isn't likely to be back soon.
You know that I did that, don't you?
I know this is important to Tom.
Tom isn't likely like to be awake now.
You haven't done that yet, have you?
I know that Tom won't be coming.
Tom isn't going to be here to do that.
You have to get a permit to do that.
I know that Tom was unimpressed.
Tom isn't doing a very good job today.
You don't regret doing that, do you?
I know that Tom is undependable.
Tom is your younger brother, isn't he?
You don't really want to go, do you?
I know that Tom is disappointed.
Tom is younger than me by three years.
You don't look like you're prepared.
I know that Tom is conservative.
Tom is very unlikely to do that again.
You don't know who did that, do you?
I know that Tom doesn't like me.
Tom is too young to run for president.
You don't intend to do that, do you?
I know how Tom feels about that.
Tom is too intoxicated to do that now.
You don't do that very well, do you?
I know Tom won't do that for me.
Tom is too heavy to sit on that chair.
You don't do that the same way I do.
I know Tom will want to do that.
Tom is the youngest of three children.
You don't do that every day, do you?
I know Tom will need to do that.
Tom is the person that has to do that.
You do that every Monday, don't you?
I know Tom will help me do that.
Tom is the only one who's doing that.
You didn't want to do that, did you?
I know Tom will have to do that.
Tom is the only one here under thirty.
You didn't seem to enjoy doing that.
I know Tom wants to get married.
Tom is the one I want to do that with.
You didn't look like you were upset.
I know Tom is telling the truth.
Tom is the most likely to leave early.
You didn't look like you were tired.
I know Tom is likely to do that.
Tom is the captain of basketball team.
You didn't look like you were ready.
I knew Tom would likely do that.
Tom is the best-looking person I know.
You didn't look like you were drunk.
I knew Tom would like the party.
Tom is the best French speaker I know.
You didn't do that, either, did you?
I informed Tom that I'd do that.
Tom is supposed to be able to do that.
You didn't actually need to do that.
I imagine Tom is very happy now.
Tom is someone who keeps his promises.
You didn't actually have to do that.
I hope that Tom passes the exam.
Tom is slated to come back in October.
You did that last night, didn't you?
I hope that Tom doesn't do that.
Tom is scheduled to retire in October.
You did that in a hurry, didn't you?
I hope Tom will to do that, too.
Tom is scheduled for an MRI on Monday.
You can't do that tomorrow, can you?
I hope Tom will teach me French.
Tom is reluctant to refuse to do that.
You can't do that either, can't you?
I hope Tom will help me do that.
Tom is probably still in his thirties.
You came here yesterday, didn't you?
I hope Tom knows what not to do.
Tom is only trying to protect himself.
You ate a piece of cake, didn't you?
I hope Tom knows how to do that.
Tom is only three years older than me.
Yesterday was my thirtieth birthday.
I hope Tom isn't home on Monday.
Tom is only doing what he wants to do.
Wouldn't it be rude if you did that?
I helped Tom carry the boxes.
Tom is only doing what he needs to do.
Would you mind if I opened a window?
I helped Tom pack his suitcases.
Tom is on the porch playing his banjo.
Would you like to eat pizza tonight?
I helped Tom move the furniture.
Tom is obviously never going to learn.
Would you be able to do that for us?
I helped Tom fix a broken chair.
Tom is now learning to deal with that.
Would it be all right if I did that?
I helped Tom escape from prison.
Tom is no longer a member of our club.
Would it be OK not to do that today?
I helped Tom carry his suitcase.
Tom is most likely not doing that now.
Would it be OK if we didn't do that?
I heard that Tom didn't do that.
Tom is lucky to have had so much help.
Will you still love me when I'm old?
I expect that Tom won't do that.
Tom is looking forward to coming home.
Will you go to Boston tomorrow, too?
I expect Tom to help me do that.
Tom is listening to music in his room.
Why don't you to do that right away?
I doubt if Tom will be truthful.
Tom is likely to still be unimpressed.
Why do you want to do that so badly?
I doubt if Tom will be punctual.
Tom is likely to still be unconvinced.
Why do you need to be there by 2:30?
I doubt if Tom will be prepared.
Tom is likely to still be unconscious.
Why didn't you need to go to Boston?
I doubt if Tom will be obedient.
Tom is likely to still be pessimistic.
Why didn't you have to go to Boston?
I doubt if Tom will be forgiven.
Tom is likely to be afraid to do that.
Who's your favorite baseball player?
I doubt if Tom will be arrested.
Tom is leaving for Australia tomorrow.
Who told you I'd be able to do that?
I don't want to see Tom unhappy.
Tom is just three years older than me.
Which one of your children did that?
I don't want to see Tom do that.
Tom is in the kitchen preparing lunch.
When was it that you went to Boston?
I don't want to do that for Tom.
Tom is in the garden planting flowers.
When did you start playing baseball?
I don't think that Tom was busy.
Tom is in his room listening to music.
Whatever happens, I want to do that.
I don't think that Tom is tired.
Tom is in charge of the entertainment.
What you did didn't surprise anyone.
I don't think that Tom is right.
Tom is in Boston visiting his parents.
What time will you do that tomorrow?
I don't think that Tom is happy.
Tom is in Boston doing that right now.
What time does the post office open?
I don't think that Tom did that.
Tom is happy that he was able to do that.
What kind of work do you like to do?
I don't think Tom will be upset.
Tom is good at practically everything.
What kind of pizza do you like best?
I don't think Tom will be ready.
Tom is faced with a difficult problem.
What exactly are you supposed to do?
I don't think Tom will be first.
Tom is extremely good at what he does.
What do you want to do this evening?
I don't think Tom will be early.
Tom is currently working in Australia.
What do you have to eat? I'm hungry.
I don't think Tom will be bored.
Tom is currently in his freshman year.
What color belt do you usually wear?
I don't think Tom will be alone.
Tom is busy, so he can't help you now.
What are you going to eat for lunch?
I don't think Tom was surprised.
Tom is beginning to pick up on things.
What are some things that annoy you?
I don't think Tom recognized me.
Tom is an outstanding baseball player.
What I wanted wasn't on the shelves.
I don't think Tom is very lucky.
Tom is an incredibly talented drummer.
We've come here to help you do that.
I don't think Tom is unfriendly.
Tom is among those who plan to attend.
We're not supposed to do that again.
I don't think Tom is suspicious.
Tom is among those planning to attend.
We're fortunate that we can do that.
I don't think Tom is prejudiced.
Tom is always yelling at his children.
We'll still do that whenever we can.
I don't think Tom is overweight.
Tom is always the first one to arrive.
We'll get paid extra for doing that.
I don't think Tom is interested.
Tom is always at the top of the class.
We would be able to do that for you.
I don't think Tom is frightened.
Tom is almost never at home on Monday.
We were told not to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom is downstairs.
Tom is actually not very conservative.
We spent the whole day on the beach.
I don't think Tom is doing that.
Tom is accustomed to eating cold rice.
We should stay in Boston all summer.
I don't think Tom is colorblind.
Tom is a very talented young director.
We seldom speak French here anymore.
I don't need to worry about Tom.
Tom is a really talented chess player.
We need to go to the store for food.
I don't need Tom's help anymore.
Tom is a person who likes a challenge.
We need to find some way to do that.
I don't like the way Tom dances.
Tom is a journalism student in Boston.
We moved into a new house last week.
I don't know why Tom was crying.
Tom is a good guy to have on our side.
We just did that without asking why.
I don't know why Tom was absent.
Tom is a freelance reporter in Boston.
We have to find some way to do that.
I don't know why Tom is so busy.
Tom invested a lot of money in stocks.
We don't usually get much snow here.
I don't know where Tom is going.
Tom injured himself trying to do that.
We don't often see deer around here.
I don't know where Tom has been.
Tom helped whoever asked him for help.
Those sunglasses don't belong to me.
I don't know where Tom did that.
Tom helped his mother clean the house.
This umbrella looks a lot like mine.
I don't know what Tom's plan is.
Tom hasn't slept well for a few weeks.
This smells bad, but it's delicious.
I don't know what Tom has to do.
Tom hasn't really been doing anything.
This isn't a very comfortable chair.
I don't know how much Tom spent.
Tom hasn't lost a match since October.
This is a good time to visit Boston.
I don't intend to let Tom drive.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston since 2013.
This has to be some kind of mistake.
I don't have to worry about Tom.
Tom hasn't commented on the situation.
This building has only one restroom.
I don't go out with Tom anymore.
Tom hasn't been trying to lose weight.
There's one more thing I want to do.
I don't do that as often as Tom.
Tom hasn't been implicated or charged.
There's no chance of that happening.
I don't blame Tom for being mad.
Tom hasn't been here as far as I know.
There are three plates on the table.
I do that the same way Tom does.
Tom hasn't been convicted of anything.
There are three pieces of pies left.
I didn't want to talk about Tom.
Tom hasn't been accused of wrongdoing.
There are three Toms at this school.
I didn't want to speak with Tom.
Tom hasn't actually ever eaten caviar.
There are no musicians in my family.
I didn't want to discourage Tom.
Tom has very easy-to-read handwriting.
The only native speaker here is you.
I didn't want to dance with Tom.
Tom has us to show him how to do that.
The hungry dog quickly ate the food.
I didn't want to argue with Tom.
Tom has until October 20th to do that.
The general commanded us to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be shy.
Tom has until Monday to get that done.
That's an entirely different matter.
I didn't think Tom was sleeping.
Tom has told me to do that many times.
That statue weighs about 300 pounds.
I didn't think Tom was innocent.
Tom has told me he's ready to do that.
Since it's raining, I won't do that.
I didn't think Tom was confused.
Tom has to learn to think for himself.
Shouldn't we be helping you do that?
I didn't think Tom was careless.
Tom has to be the next one to do that.
Please wait while I get you a towel.
I didn't thank Tom for the gift.
Tom has to be the last one to do that.
Please wait until Monday to do that.
I didn't thank Tom for his help.
Tom has to be excused from doing that.
Our house was burglarized last week.
I didn't tell Tom you were here.
Tom has three sons who became doctors.
Our baseball team had a good season.
I didn't tell Tom where I lived.
Tom has three grandchildren in school.
Now would be a good time to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I was married.
Tom has the power to make that happen.
Nobody wants to take responsibility.
I didn't tell Tom I was leaving.
Tom has suggested that we not do that.
Nobody has ever spoken French to me.
I didn't tell Tom I was engaged.
Tom has suggested a possible solution.
My wife and I both can speak French.
I didn't take anything from Tom.
Tom has stolen money from his friends.
My parents taught me how to do that.
I didn't recognize Tom's sister.
Tom has started studying French again.
My parents aren't going to be there.
I didn't mean to make Tom angry.
Tom has spent a lot of time in Boston.
My father and I are the same height.
I didn't make it to Tom's party.
Tom has something to do with the case.
My dog and I sleep in the same room.
I didn't know why Tom was upset.
Tom has said he won't do that anymore.
My bicycle is much newer than yours.
I didn't know why Tom was tired.
Tom has said he wants to write a book.
My bedroom is not as clean as yours.
I didn't know what Tom would do.
Tom has really helped a lot of people.
My French is actually not very good.
I didn't know that Tom was here.
Tom has promised to do that this week.
Most people here can't speak French.
I didn't know that Tom loved me.
Tom has promised not to do that again.
Most of my hens lay one egg per day.
I didn't know that Tom hated me.
Tom has probably taught French before.
Monday will probably be a windy day.
I didn't know that Tom did that.
Tom has plenty of friends to help him.
Monday will probably be a rainy day.
I didn't know how to answer Tom.
Tom has painted himself into a corner.
Mary isn't my wife. She's my sister.
I didn't know Tom would do that.
Tom has only recently moved to Boston.
Mary and her husband live in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was your boss.
Tom has one year left on his contract.
Let's try to do that again tomorrow.
I didn't know Tom had done that.
Tom has no close friends to talk with.
Let's do that together tomorrow, OK?
I didn't know I had to help Tom.
Tom has never permitted me to do that.
Let me see what I can do about that.
I didn't keep my promise to Tom.
Tom has never been to another country.
Let me pay my share of the expenses.
I didn't invite Tom to my party.
Tom has more than three hundred books.
It's really cold here in the winter.
I didn't go and neither did Tom.
Tom has me to show him how to do that.
It's little too late to do that now.
I didn't expect to see Tom here.
Tom has made that same mistake before.
It'll take a lot of time to do that.
I didn't buy Tom what he said he wanted.
Tom has lost at least three kilograms.
It'll probably be unsafe to do that.
I didn't buy Tom what he said he needed.
Tom has lived in Australia since 2013.
It'll probably be tiring to do that.
I didn't ask Tom to wait for us.
Tom has lived here for his whole life.
It'll probably be boring to do that.
I didn't ask Tom not to do that.
Tom has his reasons for staying there.
It'd be better if we didn't do that.
I did that the same way Tom did.
Tom has helped me out countless times.
It would've been foolish to do that.
I came here to do that with Tom.
Tom has had plenty of time to do that.
It would be very logical to do that.
I can't swim as well as Tom can.
Tom has had health problems for years.
It would be stupid to do that again.
I can't sing as well as Tom can.
Tom has given each child three apples.
It would be nice if I could do that.
I can't prove that Tom did that.
Tom has done what you asked him to do.
It would be fun to do that with you.
I bet Tom could do that for you.
Tom has done what we wanted him to do.
It would be a lot of fun to do that.
I begged Tom to help me do that.
Tom has done something similar before.
It will likely be cold this weekend.
I always knew Tom could do that.
Tom has decided to go a different way.
It was quite easy for me to do that.
I already know why Tom did that.
Tom has decided it's time to move out.
It was a problem, but not a big one.
How often does Tom have parties?
Tom has been told he needs to do that.
It should be very simple to do that.
How often does Tom go to school?
Tom has been to every state in the US.
It should be interesting to do that.
How often does Tom go to Boston?
Tom has been to Australia three times.
It probably won't be fun to do that.
How many times will Tom do that?
Tom has been teaching for three years.
It may sound strange, but it's true.
How many sandwiches did Tom eat?
Tom has been sick in bed since Monday.
It doesn't look like you're worried.
How many brothers does Tom have?
Tom has been named interim head coach.
It doesn't look like you're pleased.
How long has Tom been in prison?
Tom has been late every day this week.
It doesn't look like you're nervous.
How badly was Tom's car damaged?
Tom has been in this situation before.
It didn't look like you were asleep.
Has Tom come to Boston recently?
Tom has been here for at least a year.
Isn't there a faster way to do that?
Has Tom been to Boston recently?
Tom has been given a tough assignment.
Isn't there a better way to do that?
Has Tom already left for Boston?
Tom has been doing that the whole day.
Is it possible to cross this bridge?
Even Tom went to Boston with us.
Tom has been doing that since October.
If you like, I can buy that for you.
Even Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom has been caught doing that before.
I've never seen a bear in this area.
Even Tom didn't know what to do.
Tom has been blamed for what happened.
I've never done that, not even once.
Either I'll do that or Tom will.
Tom has been asking me the same thing.
I've never been to Australia before.
Doing that would make Tom happy.
Tom has been arrested on drug charges.
I've moved out of my parent's house.
Do you want Tom to go to Boston?
Tom has been a really good role model.
I've made up my mind not to do that.
Do you think Tom will be absent?
Tom has been a firefighter since 2013.
I've got some experience doing that.
Do you think Tom went to Boston?
Tom has become an electrical engineer.
I've done everything I needed to do.
Do you think Tom might be wrong?
Tom has be doing that for a few years.
I've decided to try to do that here.
Do you think Tom might be early?
Tom has always wanted to study French.
I've decided not to do that anymore.
Do you think Tom might be drunk?
Tom has always wanted to learn French.
I've been trying to do that all day.
Do you think Tom might be bored?
Tom has always been really good to me.
I've been told not to do that again.
Do you think Tom might be awake?
Tom has already done that three times.
I've been doing that a lot recently.
Do you think Tom might be angry?
Tom has almost as many stamps as I do.
I've always wanted a red sports car.
Do you remember if Tom did that?
Tom has agreed not to do that anymore.
I've already sent in my application.
Do you know why Tom was unhappy?
Tom has advised me to stop doing that.
I'm too old to start doing that now.
Do you know where Tom has to go?
Tom has a very strange sense of humor.
I'm thinking of doing that tomorrow.
Didn't you know Tom was unhappy?
Tom has a very special way to do that.
I'm thinking about moving to Boston.
Didn't you know Tom was married?
Tom has a three handsome teenage sons.
I'm thinking about going to college.
Didn't you know Tom loves pizza?
Tom has a hard time remembering names.
I'm thinking about buying a new car.
Did you know Tom would be there?
Tom has a good chance of being chosen.
I'm the only one who has to do that.
Did you know Tom was doing that?
Tom has a brother who works in a bank.
I'm the only one allowed to do that.
Did you know Tom was a Canadian?
Tom had three sons who became doctors.
I'm still not very good at swimming.
Did you know Tom had to do that?
Tom had plenty of reason to celebrate.
I'm still not very fluent in French.
Did Tom say he'd stay in Boston?
Tom had many opportunities to do that.
I'm sorry I didn't buy that for you.
Did Tom say he stayed in Boston?
Tom had an operation on his right leg.
I'm not sure I want to get involved.
Did Tom go somewhere last night?
Tom had a similar accident in October.
I'm not supposed to do that anymore.
Did Tom come to Boston with you?
Tom had a lot to do with that project.
I'm not planning to do that anymore.
Did I do something to upset Tom?
Tom had a lot of things he had to buy.
I'm not permitted to do that either.
Can't you go to Boston with Tom?
Tom graduated from law school in 2013.
I'm not going to study French today.
Can Tom come to Boston with you?
Tom got up an hour early this morning.
I'm good at both French and English.
Both of Tom's brothers did that.
Tom got a chance to do that last week.
I'm going to have to do that myself.
Ask Tom when he'll go to Boston.
Tom frequently does that before lunch.
I'm afraid I can't help you do that.
Ask Tom to go to Boston for you.
Tom freaked out and started screaming.
I'll print out the schedule for you.
Ask Tom if he'll stay in Boston.
Tom found it hard not to be impressed.
I'll do that if you pay me to do it.
As far as I know, Tom does that.
Tom finds fault with everything I say.
I'll do that at least one more time.
Are you sure Tom went to Boston?
Tom fell in love with a younger woman.
I'll be very careful when I do that.
Are you sure Tom has to do that?
Tom faces up to three years in prison.
I'd rather walk than wait for a bus.
You're a lot older than Tom is.
Tom faces charges of attempted murder.
I'd like to buy a pair of ski boots.
You're a little older than Tom.
Tom expressed his thanks to all of us.
I'd hoped I'd be allowed to do that.
You'd defend Tom, wouldn't you?
Tom explained why he couldn't do that.
I wouldn't want to be seen together.
You'd better not tell Tom that.
Tom expects to go home in a few weeks.
I wouldn't mind helping you do that.
You shouldn't do that with Tom.
Tom eventually quit trying to do that.
I wouldn't mind buying that for you.
You should tell Tom to do that.
Tom escaped soon after being captured.
I wouldn't have the guts to do that.
You said you'd do that for Tom.
Tom enjoys doing that with his family.
I wouldn't ever consider doing that.
You promised Tom you'd do that.
Tom emptied everything out of the box.
I wouldn't even consider doing that.
Would it be OK if Tom did that?
Tom drove a school bus for many years.
I wonder if it's OK to do that here.
Would Tom be afraid to do that?
Tom doesn't want to repaint his house.
I wonder if doing that would be fun.
Will you speak French with Tom?
Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I won't permit you to do that again.
Will you permit Tom to do that?
Tom doesn't want to do that every day.
I won't likely try to do that again.
Will Tom do that tomorrow, too?
Tom doesn't want to be doing that now.
I won't be going to Boston with you.
Will Tom be willing to do that?
Tom doesn't turn thirty until October.
I won't be allowed to do that again.
Will Tom be doing that anymore?
Tom doesn't think you're able do that.
I won't be able to make you do that.
Why shouldn't Tom go to Boston?
Tom doesn't think you need to do that.
I won't be able to do that tomorrow.
Why shouldn't Tom be in Boston?
Tom doesn't think you have to do that.
I wish we had the chance to do that.
Why don't you do that with Tom?
Tom doesn't think that we can do that.
I wish that I could play the guitar.
Why do you have to go to Tom's?
Tom doesn't think he ought to do that.
I wish someone would do that for me.
Why didn't Tom want to do that?
Tom doesn't think he needs to do that.
I wish I'd had more time to do that.
Why didn't Tom need to do that?
Tom doesn't think I'd want to do that.
I wish I'd eaten more for breakfast.
Why didn't Tom have to do that?
Tom doesn't think I did that, does he?
I wish I hadn't parked my car there.
Who told you that Tom did that?
Tom doesn't take anything for granted.
I wish I hadn't done that by myself.
Who told you Tom would help us?
Tom doesn't seem to know who did that.
I wish I had enough money to retire.
Who told you Tom would do that?
Tom doesn't seem to be very concerned.
I wish I could dance as well as you.
Who told you Tom was in Boston?
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid anymore.
I was just getting ready to do that.
Who told you Tom could do that?
Tom doesn't seem to be a student here.
I wanted to show you how to do that.
Who told you Tom broke his leg?
Tom doesn't see why he should do that.
I wanted to do that, but I couldn't.
When did Tom decide to do that?
Tom doesn't really know what happened.
I want to see you riding a unicycle.
We should get out of Tom's way.
Tom doesn't realize what he has to do.
I want to know who you want to hire.
We don't permit Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't need to do that every day.
I want to figure out how to do that.
Was Tom watching TV last night?
Tom doesn't like to read on the train.
I want to buy some books for my son.
Was Tom really able to do that?
Tom doesn't like the way you did that.
I want to be an electrical engineer.
Those sunglasses belong to Tom.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
I usually get home just before 2:30.
They say that Tom will do that.
Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
I thought you would want to do that.
The way Tom did that was wrong.
Tom doesn't know how to throw a party.
I thought you said I had to do that.
That's the reason Tom did that.
Tom doesn't know how to read or write.
I thought we'd outsmarted everybody.
That'll probably impress Tom.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
I thought I'd be doing that all day.
Tell Tom to take off his shoes.
Tom doesn't have very much experience.
I thought I could get that for free.
Please tell Tom not to do that.
Tom doesn't have to do that every day.
I thought I could do that by myself.
Please make sure Tom does that.
Tom doesn't have the skill to do that.
I think you should do that tomorrow.
Perhaps Tom won't go to Boston.
Tom doesn't have the money to do that.
I think that I've done that already.
Perhaps Tom will come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have the means to do that.
I think it might be easy to do that.
Perhaps Tom wanted to buy that.
Tom doesn't have as much time as I do.
I think I'd be miserable doing that.
Perhaps Tom is reading a novel.
Tom doesn't have any living relatives.
I suspect you don't have to do that.
One of Tom's leg was amputated.
Tom doesn't get paid a lot to do that.
I still haven't planted any lettuce.
No one knows why Tom is scared.
Tom doesn't feel enough is being done.
I still haven't finished doing that.
My coffee cup is next to Tom's.
Tom doesn't ever speak French anymore.
I still have many friends in Boston.
My car is parked next to Tom's.
Tom doesn't even care that we're here.
I still have a house on Park Street.
Maybe Tom won't finish on time.
Tom doesn't eat anything except bread.
I still don't know how to tie a tie.
Let's have Tom do that for you.
Tom doesn't do that because he's sick.
I shouldn't have taken off my shirt.
Let Tom read whatever he wants.
Tom doesn't do that anywhere but here.
I should've refused to go to Boston.
Let Tom read anything he wants.
Tom doesn't come to school very often.
I should've gone to Boston with you.
Let Tom have whatever he wants.
Tom does things that I'd refuse to do.
I should've done things differently.
Let Tom have anything he wants.
Tom does that every day in the summer.
I should've been with you yesterday.
It's too late to visit Tom now.
Tom died on his way back to Australia.
I should've at least offered to pay.
It's strange that Tom did that.
Tom died on a visit to Boston in 2013.
I should probably not do that today.
It looks like Tom will do that.
Tom died in 2013 after a long illness.
I should have no problem doing that.
It looks like Tom is shivering.
Tom died from a drug overdose in 2013.
I should get someone do that for me.
Is Tom still unable to do that?
Tom died Monday in his home in Boston.
I should be the next one to do that.
Is Tom still likely to do that?
Tom died Monday at his home in Boston.
I should be able to do that for you.
Is Tom still afraid to do that?
Tom didn't want to get into the water.
I regret that I wasted so much time.
Is Tom really living in Boston?
Tom didn't want to be helped at first.
I realized I didn't need to do that.
I've warned Tom not to do that.
Tom didn't want me to do that for him.
I realized I didn't have to do that.
I've never seen Tom doing that.
Tom didn't think he needed to do that.
I realize I don't have enough money.
I've never seen Tom cry before.
Tom didn't tell us what happened next.
I plan to stay in Boston for a week.
I've looked for Tom everywhere.
Tom didn't tell me he knew my brother.
I plan to have a party next weekend.
I'm willing to do that for Tom.
Tom didn't seem too surprised, either.
I often study French in the evening.
I'm sure that's what Tom wants.
Tom didn't seem to know where to park.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs.
Tom didn't seem to be very happy here.
I need to study for tomorrow's test.
I'm sure Tom won't be punished.
Tom didn't seem to be having much fun.
I need to figure out how to do that.
I'm sure Tom won't be prepared.
Tom didn't seem any busier than usual.
I might be able to buy that for you.
I'm sure Tom won't be arrested.
Tom didn't look very happy to see you.
I me him, but I don't know his name.
I'm sure Tom will visit Boston.
Tom didn't know where his car key was.
I may be living in Boston next year.
I'm sure Tom will go to Boston.
Tom didn't know that I had to do that.
I looked at the calendar on my desk.
I'm sure Tom will be terrified.
Tom didn't know how he should do that.
I learned how to do that in October.
I'm sure Tom will be suspended.
Tom didn't have to do that right away.
I know that you're eager to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be surprised.
Tom didn't have time to do that today.
I know that you hardly ever do that.
I'm sure Tom will be skeptical.
Tom didn't have money to buy anything.
I know that you don't often do that.
I'm sure Tom will be objective.
Tom didn't even remember his own name.
I know that I'm sometimes obstinate.
I'm sure Tom will be depressed.
Tom didn't even ask for my permission.
I know that I'm sometimes obnoxious.
I'm sure Tom will be concerned.
Tom didn't do what you told him to do.
I know it'll be possible to do that.
I'm positive Tom won't do that.
Tom didn't do that on purpose, did he?
I know how much you hate doing that.
I'm positive Tom speaks French.
Tom did whatever he felt he had to do.
I know I wasn't supposed to do that.
I'm not sure that Tom did that.
Tom did what he promised to do for me.
I knew I wasn't supposed to do that.
I'll talk to Tom when he comes.
Tom did that today for the first time.
I hope to finish doing this by 2:30.
I'll ask Tom to do that for me.
Tom did that the day before yesterday.
I hope that I'll be able to do that.
I'd never allow Tom to do that.
Tom did that because he was forced to.
I hope that I don't have to do that.
I'd like Tom to do that for me.
Tom did that because he had no choice.
I hope I have the chance to do that.
Tom did everything we asked him to do.
I helped my mother fold the laundry.
I wonder why Tom won't do that.
Tom did everything he felt like doing.
I heard that you did that yesterday.
I wonder who taught Tom French.
Tom deserves our respect and our help.
I haven't done that very many times.
I wonder when Tom will do that.
Tom denies involvement in the bombing.
I have trouble understanding French.
I wonder what Tom wanted to do.
Tom definitely wants to do that again.
I have to tell my parents the truth.
I wonder what Tom needed to do.
Tom definitely looks better this week.
I have to figure out how to do that.
I wonder if Tom is trustworthy.
Tom definitely didn't want to do that.
I have no desire to do that anymore.
I wonder if Tom is sympathetic.
Tom definitely didn't need to do that.
I had some business to take care of.
I wonder if Tom is intoxicated.
Tom definitely didn't have to do that.
I had nothing to do, so I went home.
I wonder if Tom has to do that.
Tom decided to try doing that himself.
I had intended to do that yesterday.
I wonder if Tom can be trusted.
Tom decided to let me do that for him.
I go to the same school that you do.
I won't have to tell Tom again.
Tom decided to go ahead with his plan.
I get up at the same time every day.
I won't be doing that with Tom.
Tom cut a picture out of the magazine.
I found the keys I thought I'd lost.
I wish Tom knew how to do that.
Tom crouched down to avoid being seen.
I find it very difficult to do that.
I was going to do that for Tom.
Tom crossed the river in a small boat.
I feel a little better this morning.
I wanted to go skiing with Tom.
Tom couldn't move the desk by himself.
I eventually found out who did that.
I wanted to go hiking with Tom.
Tom couldn't do that even if he tried.
I don't wear glasses, but I used to.
I want to learn more about Tom.
Tom could've received a life sentence.
I don't want you to stop doing that.
I want to go shopping with Tom.
Tom could've done that, but he didn't.
I don't want to stay inside all day.
I waited for Tom all afternoon.
Tom could still face criminal charges.
I don't want to rely on anyone else.
I told Tom what you want to do.
Tom could probably do that on his own.
I don't want to move back to Boston.
I told Tom what I needed to do.
Tom could probably do that by himself.
I don't want to lose any more money.
I told Tom not to go to Boston.
Tom could get punished if he did that.
I don't want to live in the country.
I told Tom I'd do that for him.
Tom could be the first one to do that.
I don't want to go to bed right now.
I thought Tom would be worried.
Tom could be interested in doing that.
I don't want to go to Boston by bus.
I thought Tom would be nervous.
Tom cooks chicken just the way I like.
I don't want to go there after dark.
I thought Tom would be jealous.
Tom composed the music for that movie.
I don't want to go sailing with you.
I thought Tom would be grouchy.
Tom comes to see me from time to time.
I don't want to go camping with you.
I thought Tom would be furious.
Tom comes here once a week to help me.
I don't want to eat leftovers again.
I thought Tom would be careful.
Tom comes from a very artistic family.
I don't want to drink anything else.
I thought Tom would be at home.
Tom comes back to Boston every summer.
I don't want to discuss the details.
I thought Tom wasn't surprised.
Tom climbed up the tree like a monkey.
I don't want to answer the question.
I thought Tom wasn't in Boston.
Tom claims he never wanted to do that.
I don't want my parents to find out.
I thought Tom wasn't impressed.
Tom claimed nothing was done about it.
I don't want a party on my birthday.
I thought Tom was making it up.
Tom certainly wasn't ready to do that.
I don't understand French very well.
I thought Tom seemed impressed.
Tom carried our suitcases to our room.
I don't think this makes much sense.
I thought Tom must be mistaken.
Tom can't play the clarinet very well.
I don't think this is a coincidence.
I thought Tom looked exhausted.
Tom came to the station to see me off.
I don't think there is life on Mars.
I thought I could count on Tom.
Tom came to the same conclusion I did.
I don't think that I should do that.
I think that Tom won't do that.
Tom came here all the way from Boston.
I don't think I'll ever get married.
I think that Tom is doing that.
Tom became a school teacher in Boston.
I don't think I'd ever eat dog meat.
I think Tom wouldn't be scared.
Tom became a Canadian citizen in 2013.
I don't think I want to do that now.
I think Tom would've done that.
Tom banged on the table with his fist.
I don't think I should've done that.
I think Tom would be terrified.
Tom asked me who painted this picture.
I don't think I can do that for you.
I think Tom would be surprised.
Tom asked me not to do that at school.
I don't still need to do that, do I?
I think Tom would be skeptical.
Tom asked me if he could see me again.
I don't still have to do that, do I?
I think Tom would be objective.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go abroad.
I don't really think we can do that.
I think Tom would be impressed.
Tom asked me if I knew how to do that.
I don't really feel like doing that.
I think Tom won't be surprised.
Tom asked if he really had to do that.
I don't really care how you do that.
I think Tom won't be back soon.
Tom appeared on television last night.
I don't often do this kind of thing.
I think Tom will do that later.
Tom apparently didn't want to do that.
I don't need you to do that anymore.
I think Tom will be suspicious.
Tom apparently didn't need to do that.
I don't need to make dinner tonight.
Tom apparently didn't have to do that.
I don't need to go to the dentist's.
I think Tom will be here later.
Tom apologized to me for his rudeness.
I don't need to be there until 2:30.
I think Tom will be frightened.
Tom and his neighbors aren't safe yet.
I don't live on Park Street anymore.
I think Tom will be doing that.
Tom and I've been married three years.
I don't like walking alone at night.
I think Tom will be displeased.
Tom and I've been friends a long time.
I don't like to throw anything away.
I think Tom is going to resign.
Tom and I've become very good friends.
I don't like talking with strangers.
I think Tom is being sarcastic.
Tom and I've always gotten along well.
I don't like talking about politics.
I think Tom has gone to Boston.
Tom and I've always been good friends.
I don't like swimming in the winter.
I think Tom did that on Monday.
Tom and I'll be doing that on our own.
I don't like reading romance novels.
I think Tom could've done that.
Tom and I work in the same restaurant.
I don't like my neighbors very much.
I think Tom could be impartial.
Tom and I weren't supposed to do that.
I don't like listening to the radio.
I think Tom already knows that.
Tom and I were together all afternoon.
I don't like going to the dentist's.
I think I can help Tom do that.
Tom and I were sitting at the counter.
I don't like baseball or basketball.
I talked Tom out of doing that.
Tom and I went to med school together.
I don't know who's going to help us.
I shouldn't have let Tom drive.
Tom and I went on a date last weekend.
I don't know who's going to help me.
I shouldn't ask Tom to do that.
Tom and I watched the sunset together.
I don't know who's going to do that.
I should've done that with Tom.
Tom and I used to live on Park Street.
I don't know what's really going on.
I should've asked Tom for help.
Tom and I used to go fishing together.
I don't know if I'll do that or not.
I should tell Tom I'll do that.
Tom and I text each other quite often.
I don't know how to tie square knot.
I should do what Tom suggested.
Tom and I switched places on the sofa.
I don't know how to tie clove hitch.
I should be in Boston with Tom.
Tom and I swam to the island together.
I don't know how to play the violin.
I seem to know a lot about Tom.
Tom and I still aren't ready to leave.
I don't know how to play backgammon.
I saw Tom sitting on the porch.
Tom and I shook hands with each other.
I don't know how long I should wait.
I saw Tom doing that yesterday.
Tom and I rarely do anything together.
I don't know exactly how to do that.
I persuaded Tom not to do that.
Tom and I played tennis all afternoon.
I don't know any of the details yet.
I know why Tom doesn't like me.
Tom and I often went fishing together.
I don't intend to do that by myself.
I know what time Tom gets home.
Tom and I often went camping together.
I don't have very much energy today.
I know that Tom was devastated.
Tom and I often wear matching clothes.
I don't have very many friends here.
I know that Tom was astonished.
Tom and I often tell each other jokes.
I don't have to make dinner tonight.
I know that Tom is unconvinced.
Tom and I often study French together.
I don't have to go to the dentist's.
I know that Tom is unconcerned.
Tom and I kissed each other goodnight.
I don't have to be there until 2:30.
I know that Tom is trustworthy.
Tom and I have several mutual friends.
I don't have the stamina to do that.
I know that Tom is thickheaded.
Tom and I got married three years ago.
I don't have the ability to do that.
I know that Tom is sympathetic.
Tom and I drank about the same amount.
I don't have my phone with me today.
I know that Tom is responsible.
Tom and I don't know what's happening.
I don't have it all figured out yet.
I know that Tom is resourceful.
Tom and I don't go to the same school.
I don't have enough time to do that.
I know that Tom is replaceable.
Tom and I do a lot of things together.
I don't have anything in my pockets.
I know that Tom is pessimistic.
Tom and I did that together yesterday.
I don't have any plans for tomorrow.
I know that Tom is over thirty.
Tom and I danced together all evening.
I don't have any friends my own age.
I know that Tom is intoxicated.
Tom and I bought everything we needed.
I don't have a driver's license yet.
I know that Tom is intelligent.
Tom and I began yelling at each other.
I don't get up early like I used to.
I know that Tom is influential.
Tom and I attended the party together.
I don't get invited to many parties.
I know that Tom is incompetent.
Tom and I are unlikely to get married.
I don't eat Mexican food very often.
I know that Tom is heartbroken.
Tom and I are still in the same class.
I don't do that the same way you do.
I know that Tom is hardworking.
Tom and I are like brother and sister.
I don't do that like most people do.
I know that Tom is handicapped.
Tom and I are getting ready to go out.
I don't blame you for getting angry.
I know that Tom is embarrassed.
Tom always does that when he's scared.
I don't believe you really did that.
I know that Tom is discouraged.
Tom always does that in the afternoon.
I don't believe that we can do this.
I know that Tom is competitive.
Tom always asks me the same questions.
I don't believe in life after death.
I know that Tom has to do that.
Tom also moonlighted as a taxi driver.
I don't always get my homework done.
I know that Tom didn't do that.
Tom almost went to Boston last summer.
I don't actually live in Boston now.
I know precisely how Tom feels.
Tom almost froze to death in the snow.
I didn't want to waste time arguing.
I know it was Tom who did that.
Tom admitted that he had taken bribes.
I didn't want to talk to you either.
I know Tom would never do that.
Tom actually does want you to do that.
I didn't want to leave empty-handed.
I know Tom will come to Boston.
Tom Jackson was the arresting officer.
I didn't want to go to the hospital.
I know Tom has to go to Boston.
Tom's wife is just as funny as he is.
I didn't want to go there by myself.
I know Tom has lived in Boston.
Tom's wife is just as crazy as he is.
I didn't want to get my clothes wet.
I know Tom didn't visit Boston.
Tom's teeth have always been crooked.
I didn't want to get into the water.
I know Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom's teammates were glad to see him.
I didn't want to do that, but I did.
I knew that Tom had to do that.
Tom's room needs to be cleaned again.
I didn't want to do that right away.
I informed Tom that I did that.
Tom's poetry has won numerous prizes.
I didn't want to ask you to do that.
I hope Tom will do that for me.
Tom's parents were born in Australia.
I didn't want it to happen that way.
I hope Tom isn't uncooperative.
Tom's name will be added to the list.
I didn't wake up early this morning.
I hope Tom is home next Monday.
Tom's interest in sports began early.
I didn't think you'd be so careless.
I hope Tom is going to do that.
Tom's hobby is collecting old stamps.
I didn't think I'd enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom doesn't get annoyed.
Tom's funeral will be held on Monday.
I didn't think I needed a bodyguard.
I hope Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom's first guitar was made in China.
I didn't tell you to do that, did I?
I hope Tom asks me to the prom.
Tom's efforts haven't gone unnoticed.
I didn't tell anyone why I was late.
I hope I didn't disappoint Tom.
Tom's dream is to win a championship.
I didn't take a shower this morning.
I helped Tom yesterday morning.
Tom's designs didn't impress me much.
I didn't realize what was happening.
I helped Tom write this report.
Tom's brother didn't do that, either.
I didn't realize I'd made a mistake.
I helped Tom pry the door open.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he'd been.
I didn't notice the mud on my shoes.
I helped Tom pick up his stuff.
Tom wouldn't do that again, would he?
I didn't need to wait all that long.
I helped Tom fold the blankets.
Tom wouldn't be happy if we did that.
I didn't need to do that, but I did.
I helped Tom find his way here.
Tom would've wanted you to have this.
I didn't need to be told what to do.
I helped Tom find an apartment.
Tom would've been willing to do that.
I didn't make much money doing that.
I helped Tom decide what to do.
Tom would never permit me to do that.
I didn't like the concert very much.
I helped Tom clean up the mess.
Tom would do that again if he had to.
I didn't like living in the country.
I help Tom do that quite often.
Tom would be punished if he did that.
I didn't like dogs when I was a kid.
I heard that Tom would do that.
Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I didn't like being told what to do.
I heard that Tom won't do that.
Tom would be arrested if he did that.
I didn't know you were still single.
I heard that Tom is doing that.
Tom works as a janitor in a hospital.
I didn't know who those people were.
I heard that Tom has done that.
Tom worked until 2:30 in the morning.
I didn't know who I was speaking to.
I hear Tom is still doing that.
Tom won't permit you guys to do that.
I didn't know which train I'd be on.
I haven't talk to Tom all week.
Tom won't listen to anything you say.
I didn't know where my umbrella was.
I got tired of waiting for Tom.
Tom won't help you do that right now.
I didn't know where my friends were.
I gave Tom all the money I had.
Tom won't have the chance to do that.
I didn't know what time to be there.
I expect that Tom will do that.
Tom won't go to Boston until October.
I didn't know what the solution was.
I doubt that Tom could do that.
Tom won't come to Boston this summer.
I didn't know what else I had to do.
I doubt if Tom will be puzzled.
Tom won't be the last one to do that.
I didn't know that you were unhappy.
I doubt if Tom will be present.
Tom won't be going to Boston with us.
I didn't know that you could see me.
I doubt if Tom will be pleased.
Tom won't be finished doing that yet.
I didn't know how much sugar to add.
I doubt if Tom will be nervous.
Tom won't be allowed to do that here.
I didn't have to say or do anything.
I doubt if Tom will be jealous.
Tom won't be able to make us do that.
I didn't have to go to school today.
I doubt if Tom will be excited.
Tom won't be able to do that tonight.
I didn't have to do that, but I did.
I doubt if Tom will be curious.
Tom will probably make some mistakes.
I didn't have to do that right away.
I don't want to speak with Tom.
Tom will probably forget his promise.
I didn't have to cancel my vacation.
I don't want to make Tom angry.
Tom will probably be grouchy all day.
I didn't have permission to do that.
I don't want to discourage Tom.
Tom will probably be absent tomorrow.
I didn't have any problem with that.
I don't want to dance with Tom.
Tom will probably be able to do that.
I didn't go to the party last night.
I don't want to argue with Tom.
Tom will never permit you to do that.
I didn't go to the lake last summer.
I don't want anything from Tom.
Tom will never admit that he's wrong.
I didn't fill in the form correctly.
I don't want Tom to see me cry.
Tom will likely agree not to do that.
I didn't feel like doing that today.
I don't think that Tom is busy.
Tom will have a good time doing that.
I didn't expect to get here on time.
I don't think Tom will say yes.
Tom will give us whatever we ask for.
I didn't do that because I was sick.
I don't think Tom will be late.
Tom will do that tomorrow, I suppose.
I didn't attend yesterday's meeting.
I don't think Tom will be last.
Tom will do anything for his friends.
I didn't actually see what happened.
I don't think Tom will be here.
Tom will be the first one to do that.
I didn't actually do that by myself.
I don't think Tom will be cold.
Tom will be interested in doing that.
I demand that you do that right now.
I don't think Tom is unmarried.
Tom will be able to do that, I think.
I couldn't wish for anything better.
I don't think Tom is satisfied.
Tom will be able to do that tomorrow.
I couldn't visit Boston last summer.
I don't think Tom is miserable.
Tom went to the bakery to buy a cake.
I couldn't remember all their names.
I don't think Tom is irritated.
Tom went back to Boston after a year.
I couldn't find everything I needed.
I don't think Tom is impressed.
Tom wasn't very motivated to do that.
I could go home if you wanted me to.
I don't think Tom is dishonest.
Tom wasn't sure he needed to do that.
I could do that if you wanted me to.
I don't think Tom is desperate.
Tom wasn't given a chance to do that.
I come to Boston about once a month.
I don't think Tom is depressed.
Tom wasn't able to do that yesterday.
I can't decide which bicycle to buy.
I don't think Tom is concerned.
Tom wasn't able to do that very well.
I can go with you if you want me to.
I don't think Tom is conceited.
Tom was worried you wouldn't do that.
I bought myself a hat in that store.
I don't talk to Tom very often.
Tom was very the last one to do that.
I assumed you would want to do that.
I don't often do that with Tom.
Tom was very hungry when he got home.
I also stayed in Boston for a while.
I don't like the way Tom cooks.
Tom was very angry with his children.
I admitted I didn't know what to do.
I don't like shopping with Tom.
Tom was too terrified to do anything.
How often do you practice the piano?
I don't know why Tom was angry.
Tom was the first one to be arrested.
How much time will you be in Boston?
I don't know why Tom is so sad.
Tom was sitting in the driver's seat.
How many times a day do you do that?
I don't know why Tom is scared.
Tom was only allowed to do that once.
How many students are in your class?
I don't know why Tom is crying.
Tom was my boyfriend three years ago.
How many pieces of cake did you eat?
I don't know why Tom is afraid.
Tom was my boyfriend for three years.
How many marshmallows did you bring?
I don't know why Tom called me.
Tom was in Boston for several months.
How many countries have you gone to?
I don't know when Tom did that.
Tom was found hiding in his basement.
How long did it take you to do that?
I don't know what Tom has done.
Tom was dressed in an old tweed suit.
How did you know what you had to do?
I don't know how Tom does that.
Tom was doing that just this morning.
Have you heard of any strange diets?
I don't do that as well as Tom.
Tom was being treated at a burn unit.
French is a very beautiful language.
I don't do that as much as Tom.
Tom was able to do that successfully.
Fortunately, I've already done that.
I don't do that as fast as Tom.
Tom warned me not to do that anymore.
Everything's back to the way it was.
I don't care how Tom does that.
Tom wanted to know why that happened.
Everyone in my family likes singing.
I didn't want to talk with Tom.
Tom usually gets everything he wants.
Don't forget to turn off the lights.
I didn't want to live with Tom.
Tom usually does that in the morning.
Don't forget to turn off the heater.
I didn't want to embarrass Tom.
Tom used to run a bar on Park Street.
Don't forget to pay your rent today.
I didn't want to be around Tom.
Tom used to own a bar on Park Street.
Don't forget to check the oil level.
I didn't want Tom to come here.
Tom used to do that a lot, didn't he?
Doing that's likely to be dangerous.
I didn't wait for Tom to speak.
Tom used to be on the wrestling team.
Doing that will likely be very easy.
I didn't think Tom would leave.
Tom tried to talk me into doing that.
Doing that likely won't be much fun.
I didn't think Tom wasn't safe.
Tom tried to see if he could do that.
Do your children like to drink milk?
I didn't think Tom was worried.
Tom tried to keep the children quiet.
Do your children go to kindergarten?
I didn't think Tom was nervous.
Tom tried to do that three years ago.
Do you want to go to Boston with us?
I didn't think Tom was jealous.
Tom tried doing that a few weeks ago.
Do you think it'll be cold tomorrow?
I didn't think Tom was at home.
Tom told us he could teach us French.
Do you think doing that would be OK?
I didn't tell Tom I was sleepy.
Tom told us about what happened next.
Do you think I'd be able to do that?
I didn't tell Tom I was hungry.
Tom told me you were able to do that.
Do you still go to Boston sometimes?
I didn't talk about Tom at all.
Tom told me that he's doing that now.
Do you still go skiing every winter?
I didn't recognize Tom's voice.
Tom told me that he'd be cooperative.
Do you really want to do that today?
I didn't realize Tom was tired.
Tom told me that I looked distracted.
Do you really want to do that again?
I didn't open the door for Tom.
Tom told me his job was a lot of fun.
Do you often think about the future?
I didn't like Tom's suggestion.
Tom told me he won't do that anymore.
Do both of you still work in Boston?
I didn't know why Tom was late.
Tom told me I'm being too optimistic.
Do both of you still live in Boston?
I didn't know where Tom worked.
Tom told me I should quit doing that.
Do I have to do that again tomorrow?
I didn't know how to thank Tom.
Tom told me I didn't have to do that.
Didn't you know anything about this?
I didn't know how to reach Tom.
Tom tiptoed so no one would hear him.
Did you know that I used to do that?
I didn't know how sick Tom was.
Tom thought he could help us do that.
Did you have good time at the party?
I didn't know how rich Tom was.
Tom thinks he's a pretty good singer.
Did you have a good time doing that?
I didn't know Tom was your son.
Tom thinks he could probably do that.
Cookie is a good name for a hamster.
I didn't go to Boston with Tom.
Tom takes good care of his customers.
Can you tell me what you want to do?
I didn't buy Tom's explanation.
Tom swore he'd never do that anymore.
Can you tell me what you need to do?
I didn't believe what Tom said.
Tom survived his wife by three years.
Can you tell me what you have to do?
I did what I could to help Tom.
Tom suggested that you don't do that.
Can you tell me what has to be done?
I did that just to impress Tom.
Tom succeeded because he worked hard.
Boston is the city where I was born.
I couldn't tell Tom everything.
Tom substituted margarine for butter.
Boston is the city that I like best.
I certainly hope Tom does that.
Tom studied hard so he wouldn't fail.
Aren't you going to do that with me?
I can't believe Tom is serious.
Tom studied hard and passed the test.
Are you still trying to lose weight?
I can't be much older than Tom.
Tom stuck the broken pieces together.
Are you still determined to do that?
I borrowed some money from Tom.
Tom still likes to do that sometimes.
Are you still be willing to do that?
I ate about as much as Tom did.
Tom still isn't very good at driving.
Are you still be obliged to do that?
I assumed Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom still isn't very good at cooking.
Are you still a part-time carpenter?
I asked Tom to help me do that.
Tom still isn't completely convinced.
Are you interested in going with us?
I already know where Tom works.
Tom still hasn't dug up the potatoes.
Are we supposed to be here tomorrow?
I already know where Tom lives.
Tom still has to do that, doesn't he?
Am I the only one who can't do that?
How often is Tom late for work?
Tom still has many friends in Boston.
"May I do that?" "No, please don't."
How often does Tom play tennis?
Tom still has a house on Park Street.
Your shoes don't fit you very well.
How often does Tom go downtown?
Tom stayed longer than was necessary.
Your plan seems to be the best one.
How often does Tom cook dinner?
Tom stayed in Boston for the weekend.
Your girlfriend is older than mine.
How many times did Tom do that?
Tom stayed at a hotel near the beach.
Your French is getting much better.
How did Tom propose we do that?
Tom started crying when he was fired.
Your French has gotten much better.
How did Tom propose to do that?
Tom started crying when he fell down.
You've studied French, haven't you?
How did Tom propose doing that?
Tom spent three days in the hospital.
You've already had enough to drink.
Even Tom spoke to me in French.
Tom spent the whole weekend studying.
You're too young to go there alone.
Even Tom can understand French.
Tom spent the evening reading a book.
You're too young to buy cigarettes.
Does Tom want to do that today?
Tom spent most of his life in Boston.
You're the stingiest person I know.
Does Tom still want to do that?
Tom spent a lot of time at the beach.
You're the only one here I've told.
Does Tom still need to do that?
Tom spends a lot of time watching TV.
You're not allowed to do that here.
Does Tom still have to do that?
Tom slipped in through the back door.
You're lucky you didn't get killed.
Do you think Tom was satisfied?
Tom slept through the entire concert.
You're a stranger here, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be sick?
Tom shouldn't have needed to do that.
You're a soccer player, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be late?
Tom should've gone to Boston with us.
You're a salesman, too, aren't you?
Do you think Tom might be cold?
Tom should've come to Boston with us.
You're a relative of mine, I think.
Do you think Tom might be busy?
Tom should've closed all his windows.
You're a music teacher, aren't you?
Do you think Tom is dependable?
Tom should've chosen a different job.
You're a jazz musician, aren't you?
Do you know why Tom was crying?
Tom should've been with us yesterday.
You're a heavy drinker, aren't you?
Do you know why Tom is unhappy?
Tom should've been irritated by that.
You're a bit conceited, aren't you?
Do you always help Tom do that?
Tom should do that as soon as he can.
You're a Boston native, aren't you?
Didn't you know Tom was lonely?
Tom should be done doing that by now.
You'll have a good time doing that.
Didn't you know Tom was hungry?
Tom should be able to do that easily.
You'll do that tomorrow, won't you?
Didn't you know Tom was asleep?
Tom shot at the tiger, but missed it.
You'll do that sometime, won't you?
Did you talk to Tom last night?
Tom shielded his eyes from the light.
You'll be here tomorrow, won't you?
Did you really say that to Tom?
Tom seems to have found a girlfriend.
You'll be doing that with us later.
Did you know that Tom did that?
Tom seems to be unwilling to do that.
You'll be able to do that, I think.
Did you know Tom would do that?
Tom seems to be reluctant to do that.
You won't really do that, will you?
Did they let you in to see Tom?
Tom seems to be doing that very well.
You won't let us do that, will you?
Can Tom be in Boston on Monday?
Tom seems to be an easy-going person.
You won't have a chance to do that.
Ask Tom what he wants to watch.
Tom seems really laid back and happy.
You won't be able to do that alone.
Ask Tom what he wants to drink.
Tom seems aware of what was going on.
You won't be allowed to do that again.
Ask Tom if we can speak French.
Tom seems a little busier than usual.
You used to sell shoes, didn't you?
Ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he should do.
You think I can do that, don't you?
Ask Tom if he needs to do that.
Tom seemed to know what he had to do.
You still do that a lot, don't you?
Ask Tom if he can teach French.
Tom seemed surprised when I did that.
You should've let me do that first.
Are you sure Tom will be there?
Tom searched in his bag for a pencil.
You should've done that last night.
"Who's that man?" "That's Tom."
Tom searched his pockets for the key.
You should've been able to do that.
You're a lot younger than Tom.
Tom says there's plenty more to come.
You should go to bed early tonight.
You're a lot shorter than Tom.
Tom says there isn't time to do that.
You should at least try doing that.
You're a bit shorter than Tom.
Tom says the tap water made him sick.
You seemed to be afraid to do that.
You're a bad influence on Tom.
Tom says the heat doesn't bother him.
You seem to be a very good swimmer.
You should get Tom to do that.
Tom says that's a legitimate concern.
You seem to be a reasonable person.
You look a lot older than Tom.
Tom says that he'll do that tomorrow.
You seem more determined than ever.
You hit Tom first, didn't you?
Tom says that he won't do that again.
You refused to do that, didn't you?
You agreed to let Tom do that.
Tom says mosquitoes don't bother him.
You probably won't need to do that.
Will you let Tom go to Boston?
Tom says life is what you make of it.
You probably won't have to do that.
Will Tom go to Boston with us?
Tom says he's considering doing that.
You never should've gone to Boston.
Why would Tom have to do that?
Tom says he's been fired three times.
You need to show me how to do that.
Why were you and Tom fighting?
Tom says he'll still be here at 2:30.
You need to pay your bills on time.
Why should Tom stay in Boston?
Tom says he wouldn't want to do that.
You need to do that sometime today.
Why should I be afraid of Tom?
Tom says he won't do that by himself.
You must write the essay in French.
Why should I apologize to Tom?
Tom says he won't ask you to do that.
You might get fired if you do that.
Why isn't Tom going to Boston?
Tom says he thought he could do that.
You may get injured if you do that.
Who told you Tom spoke French?
Tom says he thinks he has to do that.
You may even have to do that again.
Where does Tom stay in Boston?
Tom says he likes this kind of music.
You look the same as you always do.
Where do you think Tom is now?
Tom says he isn't worried about that.
You look nothing like your brother.
Where did you and Tom do that?
Tom says he hasn't slept in 24 hours.
You look more determined than ever.
When did you do that with Tom?
Tom says he has always loved history.
You look funny wearing those shoes.
What Tom said isn't 100% true.
Tom says he doesn't like his new job.
You look as if you've seen a ghost.
What Tom is doing is annoying.
Tom says he doesn't enjoy doing that.
You live here in Boston, don't you?
We're waiting for Tom to come.
Tom says he definitely won't do that.
You haven't done that yet, has you?
We weren't in Boston with Tom.
Tom says everything's back to normal.
You have to show me how to do that.
We hid from Tom in the garage.
Tom says all that doesn't bother him.
You have to do that sometime today.
We don't have to wait for Tom.
Tom says Boston is his favorite city.
You have a lot of books, don't you?
Warn Tom not to do that today.
Tom saw what happened from his porch.
You forgot to remind me to do that.
Warn Tom not to do that again.
Tom said you need to be more careful.
You don't seem to enjoy doing that.
Those aren't Tom's sunglasses.
Tom said you just have to be patient.
You don't really live here, do you?
This picture was drawn by Tom.
Tom said you have to be more careful.
You don't look like you're worried.
They pay Tom a lot to do that.
Tom said those accusations are false.
You don't look like you're pleased.
These aren't Tom's sunglasses.
Tom said the smell didn't bother him.
You don't look like you're nervous.
The way Tom did that was nice.
Tom said the plan wasn't good enough.
You don't have to do that tomorrow.
The way Tom did that was good.
Tom said the picnic was a lot of fun.
You do that a lot better than I do.
The only nice guy here is Tom.
Tom said the noise didn't bother him.
You didn't seem to want to do that.
The only Canadian here is Tom.
Tom said the economy is in bad shape.
You didn't really do that, did you?
Tell Tom to close the windows.
Tom said that's what he wants to eat.
You did that yesterday, didn't you?
Tell Tom he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that's what he wants to buy.
You did that very fast, didn't you?
Stay here until Tom gets back.
Tom said that's not likely to happen.
You did that in school, didn't you?
Shouldn't we help Tom do that?
Tom said that's far from good enough.
You can't do that, either, can you?
Should we tell Tom to do that?
Tom said that would be too expensive.
You can't do that without a permit.
Please tell Tom to be quieter.
Tom said that wasn't why he did that.
You can help us do that, can't you?
Please don't do that with Tom.
Tom said that wasn't the real reason.
You can do that now if you want to.
Perhaps Tom will do that, too.
Tom said that the smoke bothered him.
You apparently should've done that.
Perhaps Tom wanted to do that.
Tom said that the smell bothered him.
Would you want to be in Boston now?
Perhaps Tom is doing that now.
Tom said that the noise bothered him.
Would you tell me how you did that?
Perhaps Tom doesn't drink tea.
Tom said that it would probably snow.
Would you mind lending me a pencil?
Most likely Tom won't do that.
Tom said that it would probably rain.
Would you mind getting that for me?
Maybe we can buy that for Tom.
Tom said that he won't do that again.
Would you like to go there with me?
Maybe Tom should study French.
Tom said that he wasn't feeling well.
Would you explain how you did that?
Maybe Tom has to do that, too.
Tom said that he was prepared to die.
Would you ever consider doing that?
Let's get Tom to do that for you.
Tom said that he intended to do that.
Would you be able to do that today?
Let Tom eat whatever he wants.
Tom said that he did that by himself.
Would it be OK if I did that today?
Let Tom eat anything he wants.
Tom said that could happen next week.
Will you really be able to do that?
Let Tom buy whatever he wants.
Tom said some things wouldn't change.
Will you do that here or in Boston?
Let Tom buy anything he wants.
Tom said it was very easy to do that.
Will you be doing that by yourself?
It's a pity that Tom did that.
Tom said it was the other way around.
Will you be able to do that for us?
It was rude of Tom to do that.
Tom said it was a good time to leave.
Why don't you want to go to Boston?
Is Tom really still a student?
Tom said it didn't bother him at all.
Why don't you to do that right now?
If Tom does that, let me know.
Tom said his team would probably win.
Who'll be at the meeting next week?
I've persuaded Tom to do that.
Tom said his parents have been there.
Who told you you needed to do that?
I'm sure Tom won't be nervous.
Tom said his new suit cost him a lot.
Who does this motorcycle belong to?
I'm sure Tom will be stubborn.
Tom said his new boat cost him a lot.
Who did you receive that book from?
I'm sure Tom will be sensible.
Tom said he's seen people doing that.
Where will you be tomorrow evening?
I'm sure Tom will be punished.
Tom said he's noticed the difference.
When will you return my book to me?
I'm sure Tom will be punctual.
Tom said he's immune to that disease.
When do you plan to come to Boston?
I'm sure Tom will be prepared.
Tom said he's glad you could do that.
Whatever you may say, I'll do that.
I'm sure Tom will be confused.
Tom said he's aware of the situation.
What's your favorite kind of pizza?
I'm sure Tom will be arrested.
Tom said he's always lived in Boston.
What time was it that you did that?
I'm sure Tom needs to do that.
Tom said he's always been an athlete.
What do you usually do after lunch?
I'm sorry that I made Tom cry.
Tom said he'd think about doing that.
What colors do you most often wear?
I'm positive Tom will do that.
Tom said he'd probably do that today.
What are some of the main features?
I'm convinced Tom can do that.
Tom said he'd prefer to stay at home.
Weren't you going to do that today?
I'd never speak French to Tom.
Tom said he'd like to live in Boston.
Were you in Boston for a long time?
I wonder what Tom needs to do.
Tom said he'd help us any way he can.
We've decided not to do that again.
I wonder if Tom will be early.
Tom said he'd be thrilled to do that.
We're not living in Boston anymore.
I wonder if Tom was surprised.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that.
We won't be in Boston until Monday.
I wonder if Tom is suspicious.
Tom said he wouldn't like to do that.
We stayed in Boston for three days.
I wonder if Tom is prejudiced.
Tom said he wouldn't do that anymore.
We lived in Boston for a few years.
I wonder if Tom is interested.
Tom said he won't ever do that again.
We hope you be back in Boston soon.
I wonder if Tom is illiterate.
Tom said he won't attend the meeting.
We have to stay in Boston all week.
I wonder if Tom is going deaf.
Tom said he wished you would do that.
We got married and moved to Boston.
I wonder if Tom is frightened.
Tom said he wished you could do that.
We don't have to do that every day.
I wonder if Tom is feeling OK.
Tom said he wasn't going to be there.
We don't come to Boston very often.
I wonder if Tom is downstairs.
Tom said he was trying to stay awake.
We do that every day in the summer.
I wonder if Tom is dependable.
Tom said he was trying to be careful.
We didn't know where we were going.
I wonder if Tom is colorblind.
Tom said he was too young to do that.
We can't just ignore the situation.
I wonder if Tom has done that.
Tom said he was too tired to do that.
Was it yesterday that you did that?
I wonder if Tom has been hurt.
Tom said he was too drunk to do that.
Too bad we weren't able to do that.
I won't speak French with Tom.
Tom said he was the one who did that.
Time flies when you are having fun.
I won't permit Tom to do that.
Tom said he was delighted to do that.
This isn't a good place to do that.
I won't make Tom study French.
Tom said he was asked not to do that.
This dessert should be served cold.
I won't go to Boston with Tom.
Tom said he wants to be an architect.
There's no more oxygen in the tank.
I wish that Tom would do that.
Tom said he wanted to be cooperative.
There's enough time to do that now.
I wish I hadn't yelled at Tom.
Tom said he thought he could help us.
There are plenty things left to do.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that.
Tom said he thought he could do that.
The past three days have been hard.
I wasn't expecting Tom's help.
Tom said he thinks his team will win.
The past three days have been cold.
I wasn't able to convince Tom.
Tom said he sold his house last week.
The last three days have been hard.
I was going to call Tom later.
Tom said he shouldn't have done that.
The last three days have been cold.
I want to be friends with Tom.
Tom said he really didn't understand.
The edge of that teacup is chipped.
I want Tom to help me do that.
Tom said he now regrets his decision.
That's the reason I didn't do that.
I told Tom to stop doing that.
Tom said he never felt in any danger.
That's not what people normally do.
I told Tom to quit doing that.
Tom said he needs to call the police.
That's a really stupid thing to do.
I told Tom I'd be coming back.
Tom said he needed to get more sleep.
That was the first time I did that.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that.
Tom said he knew this day would come.
That simply doesn't any make sense.
I thought Tom would be sleepy.
Tom said he knew both of the victims.
That seems like a real possibility.
I thought Tom would be scared.
Tom said he isn't worried about that.
Thanks for reminding me to do that.
I thought Tom would be lonely.
Tom said he himself was an alcoholic.
Please do that as soon as possible.
I thought Tom would be grumpy.
Tom said he has to borrow some money.
Perhaps there's no need to do that.
I thought Tom would be afraid.
Tom said he had the right to do that.
Only adults are allowed to do that.
I thought Tom would be absent.
Tom said he had the day off tomorrow.
No two people do that the same way.
I thought Tom was your cousin.
Tom said he figured he could do that.
My wife and I both want to do that.
I thought Tom was unimpressed.
Tom said he doesn't feel like a hero.
My passport will expire in October.
I thought Tom was embarrassed.
Tom said he doesn't enjoy doing that.
My parents have just thrown me out.
I thought Tom was discouraged.
Tom said he doesn't eat pork anymore.
My name was at the top of the list.
I thought Tom was cooperative.
Tom said he doesn't eat meat anymore.
My last day of work will be Monday.
I thought Tom was a carpenter.
Tom said he didn't know who did that.
My house was bombed during the war.
I thought Tom seemed confused.
Tom said he didn't have a girlfriend.
My house isn't very well insulated.
I thought Tom didn't like you.
Tom said he didn't feel like dancing.
My house is just around the corner.
I think Tom would be truthful.
Tom said he didn't do that yesterday.
My boss is a thirty-year-old woman.
I think Tom would be prepared.
Tom said he almost forgot to do that.
My apartment is on the third floor.
I think Tom won't be punctual.
Tom said donors may remain anonymous.
Monday will probably be a cold day.
I think Tom will visit Boston.
Tom said doing that was a lot of fun.
Monday will probably be a busy day.
I think Tom will go to Boston.
Tom said I looked a little skeptical.
Men and women do that the same way.
I think Tom will be suspended.
Tom said I have to do that by Monday.
Luckily, we have an emergency fund.
I think Tom will be surprised.
Tom retired from the company in 2013.
Let's wait until Monday to do that.
I think Tom will be impressed.
Tom regrets that he couldn't do that.
Let's go to a movie tomorrow night.
I think Tom will be back soon.
Tom refused to give me what I wanted.
Let's eat lunch earlier than usual.
I think Tom wanted to do that.
Tom really played exceptionally well.
Let's do that together after lunch.
I think Tom needed to do that.
Tom really is good a sport, isn't he?
It's very noisy here in the summer.
I think Tom is waiting for me.
Tom really has to do that right away.
It's quite possible that'll happen.
I think Tom is self-conscious.
Tom realizes that there's still hope.
It's nice to be alone for a change.
I think Tom is retired by now.
Tom raised three children by himself.
It's OK if you do that before I do.
I think Tom is about to leave.
Tom quite often does that by himself.
It'll take me a long time to do that.
I think Tom didn't believe me.
Tom promised me he'd teach me French.
It'll probably be tough to do that.
I think Tom can do that today.
Tom probably won't make any mistakes.
It'll probably be cheap to do that.
I think I'll buy that for Tom.
Tom probably won't come to the party.
It wouldn't be safe to do that now.
I sure hope Tom visits Boston.
Tom probably won't be back by Monday.
It wouldn't be much fun to do that.
I still haven't talked to Tom.
Tom probably shouldn't do that today.
It wouldn't be easy to do that now.
I still have feelings for Tom.
Tom probably isn't going to be there.
It would've been unsafe to do that.
I stepped on Tom's dog's tail.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that.
It would've been tiring to do that.
I should've been nicer to Tom.
Tom probably doesn't need to do that.
It would've been stupid to do that.
I should've apologized to Tom.
Tom probably doesn't know where I am.
It would be wrong to do that again.
I should tell Tom what to buy.
Tom probably doesn't have to do that.
It would be stupid to do that here.
I pretended I didn't know Tom.
Tom probably doesn't do that anymore.
It would be smart to do that again.
I need to tell Tom what to do.
Tom pricked his finger with a needle.
It would be silly to do that again.
I need to tell Tom to do that.
Tom pretty much always stays as home.
It would be great to see you again.
I know why Tom went to Boston.
Tom plans to go to college next fall.
It would be foolish to do that now.
I know why Tom studied French.
Tom plans to be back on October 20th.
It would be easy for us to do that.
I know why Tom should do that.
Tom picked a pencil up off the floor.
It would be better if you did that.
I know why Tom has to do that.
Tom permitted me to use his computer.
It would be a good idea to do that.
I know why Tom had to do that.
Tom passed away unexpectedly in 2013.
It won't be easy to find a job now.
I know why Tom got suspicious.
Tom opened his eyes and smiled at me.
It was raining yesterday afternoon.
I know why Tom didn't do that.
Tom opened his eyes and looked at me.
It sounds like you want to do that.
I know why Tom came to Boston.
Tom only does that because he has to.
It doesn't matter what you may say.
I know what time Tom got home.
Tom often does that in the afternoon.
It doesn't look like you're sleepy.
I know the way to Tom's house.
Tom often does that in his free time.
It doesn't look like you're lonely.
I know that Tom won't do that.
Tom often complains about mosquitoes.
Isn't there a safer way to do that?
I know that Tom was surprised.
Tom obviously doesn't need the money.
Is the elevator still out of order?
I know that Tom is unfriendly.
Tom noticed that the doors were open.
Is it true that you didn't do that?
I know that Tom is suspicious.
Tom never had chicken pox as a child.
If you're thirsty, drink something.
I know that Tom is successful.
Tom never complained about the smell.
I've taught French for three years.
I know that Tom is ridiculous.
Tom never commented on the situation.
I've never seen you do that before.
I know that Tom is prejudiced.
Tom needs to do something about that.
I've had no chance to visit Boston.
I know that Tom is photogenic.
Tom needs to be aware of the dangers.
I've been working for minimum wage.
I know that Tom is persuasive.
Tom needs surgery on right left foot.
I've been told not do that anymore.
I know that Tom is overweight.
Tom needed to find someplace to live.
I've been coughing since yesterday.
I know that Tom is optimistic.
Tom must've been hesitant to do that.
I've already done what I had to do.
I know that Tom is interested.
Tom might even have to do that again.
I'm too young to apply for the job.
I know that Tom is infuriated.
Tom might be excused from doing that.
I'm three thousand dollars in debt.
I know that Tom is illiterate.
Tom may do that again if he wants to.
I'm thinking about getting married.
I know that Tom is frustrated.
Tom makes a lot of spelling mistakes.
I'm the worst student in the class.
I know that Tom is frightened.
Tom made up his mind to go to Boston.
I'm the only person here right now.
I know that Tom is downstairs.
Tom looked like he wasn't in a hurry.
I'm the only one with a flashlight.
I know that Tom is dependable.
Tom looked like he wasn't having fun.
I'm the only one who can't do that.
I know that Tom is delusional.
Tom looked as if he had seen a ghost.
I'm still not very good at driving.
I know that Tom is courageous.
Tom lived most of his life in Boston.
I'm still not very good at cooking.
I know that Tom is colorblind.
Tom likes barbecuing with his family.
I'm still living at the same place.
I know that Tom has been hurt.
Tom let his hamster out of it's cage.
I'm really sorry for what happened.
I know a great deal about Tom.
Tom learned how to do that last year.
I'm really glad that didn't happen.
I know Tom will never do that.
Tom later apologized for his remarks.
I'm obviously not going to do that.
I knew that Tom would do that.
Tom knows what to expect around here.
I'm not as young as you think I am.
I knew that Tom had done that.
Tom knows that won't happen in a day.
I'm not afraid of anything anymore.
I knew that Tom could do that.
Tom knows that I hardly ever do that.
I'm hoping to sell my car for $300.
I hope that Tom won't do that.
Tom knows that I don't often do that.
I'm going to lie down for a moment.
I hope Tom refuses to do that.
Tom knows how to eat with chopsticks.
I'm glad I had a chance to do that.
I hope Tom knows who did that.
Tom knows all about being humiliated.
I'm at home every Monday afternoon.
I hope Tom is unfazed by that.
Tom knew how to handle the situation.
I'm a lot happier since my divorce.
I hope Tom doesn't get sleepy.
Tom knew he no longer had to do that.
I'll do whatever you need me to do.
I hope Tom doesn't get scared.
Tom knew he didn't have long to live.
I'll do that as soon as I get home.
I helped Tom with the laundry.
Tom kept quiet while we were talking.
I'll be the one who has to do that.
I helped Tom wash the windows.
Tom just wants to be like his father.
I'll be in Boston next Monday, too.
I helped Tom up off the floor.
Tom just told me about what happened.
I'd rather do that some other time.
I helped Tom unload the truck.
Tom isn't willing to do that anymore.
I'd rather be doing something else.
I helped Tom start over again.
Tom isn't the one who has to do that.
I'd never try to do that on my own.
I helped Tom put his shoes on.
Tom isn't old enough to travel alone.
I'd never try to do that by myself.
I helped Tom out of the canoe.
Tom isn't likely to be punished.
I'd live to live in Boston someday.
I helped Tom escape from jail.
Tom isn't likely to be prepared.
I'd like you to do that right away.
I help Tom move the furniture.
Tom isn't likely to be confused.
I'd get into trouble if I did that.
I heard that Tom will do that.
Tom isn't likely to be careless.
I'd do that tomorrow if I were you.
I doubt that Tom will be home.
Tom isn't likely to be arrested.
I'd be embarrassed to do that here.
I doubt if Tom will be unfair.
Tom isn't flexible enough to do that.
I'd be afraid to do that by myself.
I doubt if Tom will be sleepy.
Tom isn't as rich as you think he is.
I would've done that if I could've.
I doubt if Tom will be scared.
Tom isn't able to do that by himself.
I would be glad to do that for you.
I doubt if Tom will be lonely.
Tom isn't a very good French teacher.
I wonder what's causing that sound.
I doubt if Tom will be afraid.
Tom is worried that he might be late.
I wonder if it's safe to camp here.
I doubt if Tom will be absent.
Tom is very unlikely to ever do that.
I wonder if doing that would be OK.
I doubt Tom will visit Boston.
Tom is very sure he needs to do that.
I won't permit you guys to do that.
I doubt Tom will go to Boston.
Tom is very interested in doing that.
I won't need to cancel my vacation.
I don't work with Tom anymore.
Tom is very good at parallel parking.
I won't help you do that right now.
I don't want to work with Tom.
Tom is usually the first to get here.
I won't have to cancel my vacation.
I don't want to talk with Tom.
Tom is usually the first to complain.
I won't do that unless you help me.
I don't want to live with Tom.
Tom is usually free in the afternoon.
I won't do that if I don't have to.
I don't want to embarrass Tom.
Tom is too overweight to do that now.
I won't charge you much to do that.
I don't want to be around Tom.
Tom is too frightened to do that now.
I won't be the last one to do that.
I don't want Tom to come here.
Tom is the shortest boy in the class.
I won't be studying French tonight.
I don't think Tom wants to go.
Tom is the shortest boy in our class.
I won't be in the office on Monday.
I don't think Tom is ticklish.
Tom is the person who has to do that.
I won't be allowed to do that here.
I don't think Tom is reliable.
Tom is the owner of this golf course.
I won't be able to do that tonight.
I don't think Tom is prepared.
Tom is the only one here over thirty.
I wish we had more time to do this.
I don't think Tom is mistaken.
Tom is the only man on the committee.
I wish I'd bought flowers for Mary.
I don't think Tom is homesick.
Tom is the only guy I've ever kissed.
I wish I hadn't been in that fight.
I don't think Tom is handsome.
Tom is the one who wanted to do that.
I wish I had the chance to do that.
I don't think Tom is friendly.
Tom is the one who needed to do that.
I wish I could go outside and play.
I don't think Tom is finished.
Tom is the one I want to talk to now.
I wasn't the one who told you that.
I don't think Tom is divorced.
Tom is the oldest member of the band.
I wasn't healthy enough to do that.
I don't think Tom is confused.
Tom is the man you met the other day.
I wasn't given a chance to do that.
I don't think Tom is careless.
Tom is the friendliest person I know.
I wasn't able to do that yesterday.
I don't think Tom is busy now.
Tom is the chairman of the committee.
I wasn't able to do that very well.
I don't think I surprised Tom.
Tom is the best student in the class.
I wasn't able to convince everyone.
I don't think I can trust Tom.
Tom is supposed to do that on Monday.
I was beaten while I was in prison.
I don't like Tom's girlfriend.
Tom is supposed to do that next week.
I was afraid to go there by myself.
I don't know why Tom was late.
Tom is supposed to be doing that now.
I wanted to see if I could do that.
I don't know why Tom is upset.
Tom is suffering from loss of memory.
I wanted to know why that happened.
I don't know why Tom is tired.
Tom is still not finished doing that.
I want you to know that I did that.
I don't know why Tom is angry.
Tom is still learning how to do that.
I want to see what's in the drawer.
I don't know where Tom is now.
Tom is still incapable of doing that.
I want to pay back the money I owe.
I don't know what Tom will do.
Tom is still considering his options.
I want to move into a bigger house.
I don't know how Tom did that.
Tom is still a taxi driver in Boston.
I want to live close to the campus.
I don't care why Tom did that.
Tom is someone who likes a challenge.
I want to know when you'll be here.
I don't care about Tom's past.
Tom is someone I'm going to remember.
I want to go to the beach with you.
I don't agree with Tom at all.
Tom is so much like I was at his age.
I want to continue working for you.
I didn't want to sit with Tom.
Tom is shivering because of the cold.
I want to borrow your car tomorrow.
I didn't want Tom to find out.
Tom is reluctant to do that for free.
I want to be in Boston next Monday.
I didn't want Tom to be alone.
Tom is recovering from a knee injury.
I used margarine instead of butter.
I didn't think Tom was sleepy.
Tom is reading a book in the library.
I told you I wanted to go with you.
I didn't think Tom was scared.
Tom is probably not going to survive.
I thought you did that really well.
I didn't think Tom was lonely.
Tom is probably not going to make it.
I thought you did that fairly well.
I didn't think Tom was hungry.
Tom is probably not going to do that.
I thought I'd be busier than I was.
I didn't think Tom was asleep.
Tom is probably doing that right now.
I thought I didn't need to do that.
I didn't think Tom was afraid.
Tom is possibly doing that right now.
I thought I didn't have to do that.
I didn't think Tom was absent.
Tom is pleased with the improvements.
I think it's unwise to do that now.
I didn't tell Tom I'd do that.
Tom is one of the richest men I know.
I think it's raining in Boston now.
I didn't tell Tom I was tired.
Tom is one of the fattest men I know.
I think I've made the wrong choice.
I didn't tell Tom I was sorry.
Tom is often the first one to arrive.
I think I've made the right choice.
I didn't realize Tom was busy.
Tom is looking forward to being here.
I think I shouldn't have done that.
I didn't promise Tom anything.
Tom is likely to still be unemployed.
I think I could do that if I tried.
I didn't let Tom sing with us.
Tom is likely to still be suspicious.
I swear I won't ever do that again.
I didn't let Tom pay the bill.
Tom is likely to still be interested.
I suppose I could buy that for you.
I didn't let Tom drive my car.
Tom is likely to still be handcuffed.
I still need to pay the phone bill.
I didn't laugh at Tom's jokes.
Tom is likely to still be frightened.
I still haven't learned to do that.
I didn't know why Tom was sad.
Tom is likely to still be downstairs.
I still don't feel like doing that.
I didn't know where Tom lived.
Tom is likely go to Boston next week.
I shouldn't have needed to do that.
I didn't know what Tom wanted.
Tom is in the kitchen preparing food.
I should be able to do that easily.
I didn't know how to help Tom.
Tom is in the kitchen making a salad.
I shot and killed all three wolves.
I didn't know Tom was so rich.
Tom is hesitant to refuse to do that.
I seldom have to do that by myself.
I didn't know Tom was retired.
Tom is having a hard time doing that.
I said I wasn't willing to do that.
I didn't know Tom knew French.
Tom is hardly ever at home on Monday.
I regretted my decision to do that.
I didn't have to wait for Tom.
Tom is good at making people do that.
I plan to visit Boston next summer.
I didn't give Tom any details.
Tom is going out to buy what we need.
I never dreamed of doing that here.
I didn't cry at Tom's funeral.
Tom is going back to Boston tomorrow.
I need to finish what I've started.
I didn't call Tom from Boston.
Tom is getting angrier by the second.
I need to find some way to do that.
I didn't buy anything for Tom.
Tom is fortunate to still have a job.
I need to find a higher paying job.
I didn't attend Tom's funeral.
Tom is finally able to do that again.
I need to do that before I go home.
I didn't ask Tom for anything.
Tom is expected to do that on Monday.
I need to buy a pair of sunglasses.
I didn't allow Tom to do that.
Tom is eligible for parole next year.
I need some money so I can do that.
I didn't accept Tom's apology.
Tom is doing his best to change that.
I might study French next semester.
I did that with Tom yesterday.
Tom is different from the rest of us.
I might not teach French next year.
I couldn't get Tom to do that.
Tom is different from his classmates.
I may not stay very long in Boston.
I can stay in Boston with Tom.
Tom is devoted to his three children.
I may not be in Boston much longer.
I can prove that Tom did that.
Tom is definitely not doing that now.
I learned how to do that on Monday.
I can do that faster than Tom.
Tom is currently out of jail on bond.
I learned how to do that last week.
I bet it was Tom who did that.
Tom is coming to Australia next week.
I learned how to do that in Boston.
How long has Tom been in jail?
Tom is by nature a very quiet person.
I know you aren't going to do that.
Has Tom ever worked in Boston?
Tom is bound to pass the examination.
I know why I'm supposed to do that.
Does Tom have to study French?
Tom is both intelligent and handsome.
I know almost nothing about Boston.
Does Tom come to Boston often?
Tom is being treated at the hospital.
I know a lot about classical music.
Do you think Tom is conceited?
Tom is being held in the county jail.
I know I'm not supposed to do that.
Do you still do that with Tom?
Tom is at a museum with some friends.
I know I shouldn't do that anymore.
Do you know why Tom is crying?
Tom is an important part of the team.
I know I have to help you tomorrow.
Didn't you know Tom was tired?
Tom is always biting his fingernails.
I knew we should've gone to Boston.
Did you visit Boston with Tom?
Tom is always asking silly questions.
I knew I might not need to do that.
Did you remind Tom to do that?
Tom is already looking forward to it.
I knew I might not have to do that.
Did you know Tom was sleeping?
Tom is afraid of getting lung cancer.
I keep on making the same mistakes.
Did you forge Tom's signature?
Tom is actually doing that right now.
I intend to do that again tomorrow.
Did you ever do that with Tom?
Tom is accustomed to staying up late.
I intend to be doing that tomorrow.
Did Tom visit Boston with you?
Tom is able to speak three languages.
I hope you don't forget to do that.
Did Tom say when he'd be here?
Tom is able to do that with one hand.
I hope you didn't tell anyone else.
Did Tom say he'd visit Boston?
Tom is a very family-oriented person.
I hope to visit Boston next summer.
Did Tom say he'd go to Boston?
Tom is a really good football player.
I hope I get the chance to do that.
Did Tom say he went to Boston?
Tom is a professional cake decorator.
I helped myself to a cup of coffee.
Did Tom go to Boston with you?
Tom is a college football player now.
I helped an old man cross the road.
Did Tom agree to go to Boston?
Tom is a better cook than his mother.
I haven't yet attempted to do that.
When Tom asked Mary what she was planning to do on Monday evening, she said she'd be cleaning her room.
Tom invited us to his birthday party.
I haven't done that very times yet.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did.
Tom insisted that we do that for him.
I have to do that before I go home.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to go swimming unless John goes swimming with her.
Tom initially said he wasn't nervous.
I have no intentions of doing that.
Tom wanted to show Mary how to do that, so next time she could do it and he wouldn't have to.
Tom hurt his elbow when he fell down.
I have a degree in music education.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hurt himself while playing rugby.
I had a headache yesterday morning.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hopes to be a biochemist someday.
I grabbed the rope with both hands.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hoped to get a chance to do that.
I found out who broke your windows.
Tom didn't think Mary would be at school last Monday, so he was surprised when he saw her.
Tom holds an MBA degree from Harvard.
I expect you to do that right away.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be permitted to do that while his parents were away.
Tom held out his hand and I shook it.
I don't yet know what I need to do.
Tom got out of his car, walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for Mary.
Tom hasn't told us what he has to do.
I don't yet know what I have to do.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom hasn't lived in Boston very long.
I don't wear pajamas in the summer.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom hasn't hit a home run all season.
I don't watch TV very much anymore.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom hasn't done that since last year.
I don't want you to do that for me.
Tom and Mary were speaking to each other in French, thinking I couldn't understand them.
Tom hasn't done that in three months.
I don't want to waste time arguing.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom hasn't done that for a long time.
I don't want to talk to you either.
You should probably tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom hasn't complained about that yet.
I don't want to play outside today.
When Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go out on Monday evening, she said she'd be busy.
Tom hasn't commented on the incident.
I don't want to leave empty-handed.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be allowed to do that while his parents are away.
Tom hasn't been home in three months.
I don't want to go there by myself.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that unless John does it with her.
Tom hasn't been getting enough sleep.
I don't want to get my clothes wet.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom hasn't been charged with a crime.
I don't want to get into the water.
Tom says he knows Mary won't want to go sailing unless he goes sailing with her.
Tom hasn't been accused of any crime.
I don't want to do that right away.
Tom said Mary was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Tom hasn't accomplished anything yet.
I don't want to do that after dark.
Tom probably doesn't know where John and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom has written many articles for us.
I don't usually need to use a cane.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that unless John does it with her.
Tom has won three games and lost one.
I don't think we can pull that off.
I should probably tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has visited Boston several times.
I don't think this makes any sense.
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom has until October 20th to decide.
I don't think that'll happen today.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
Tom has twice as many stamps as I do.
I don't think that really happened.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested in going to the zoo with you and the children.
Tom has told me not to do that again.
I don't think enough is being done.
Tom says he didn't know Mary thought it would be a good idea to help John do that.
Tom has to figure out how to do that.
I don't think I'm ready to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom has survived three heart attacks.
I don't think I'll need to do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to do anything with Mary.
Tom has started taking salsa lessons.
I don't think I'll do that anymore.
I didn't want Tom to say anything to Mary about seeing John kissing another woman.
Tom has spent thirty years in prison.
I don't think I did anything wrong.
Tom should tell Mary that she has to be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom has spent some time in Australia.
I don't think I could've done that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
Tom has probably arrived home by now.
I don't really want to go with you.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
Tom has postponed his trip to Boston.
I don't really want to do that now.
You didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that, did you?
Tom has parties almost every weekend.
I don't really know how to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she should make herself a couple of sandwiches.
Tom has only a few friends in Boston.
I don't really have to do that now.
Tom told Mary that she should stop telling everyone that she could speak French.
Tom has never had a cold in his life.
I don't really enjoy swimming laps.
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last weekend, but he was actually in Chicago.
Tom has never been on a plane before.
I don't play basketball on Mondays.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to do that ever since she was a little girl.
Tom has never been in trouble before.
I don't need to use a cane anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be required to do that until he turned eighteen.
Tom has never been afraid to do that.
I don't need to do this right away.
Tom says he knows Mary will need to pay a lot more than she's expecting to pay.
Tom has never actually taught French.
I don't need to do that right away.
Tom said he thought Mary would need at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom has lied to me many times before.
I don't need to come here tomorrow.
Tom said Mary thought he might be required to do that the next time he travels.
Tom has led a pretty uneventful life.
I don't listen to music very often.
Tom looked at the sports car Mary was selling and immediately wanted to buy it.
Tom has kept a diary for three years.
I don't like working in the garden.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
Tom has just started learning French.
I don't like to get my hands dirty.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
Tom has just returned from Australia.
I don't like these kinds of things.
Tom should tell Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom has just had an a very good year.
I don't like sleeping in a hammock.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful in the future.
Tom has hired a private investigator.
I don't like cleaning the bathroom.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have told John that she'd spent three years in prison.
Tom has helped people his whole life.
I don't know why I need to do that.
Tom has already told Mary to do that three times and she still hasn't done it.
Tom has had surgery on his right leg.
I don't know why I have to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be amused by the story John was going to tell her.
Tom has grown a lot in the last year.
I don't know who started the rumor.
Tom did what Mary asked him to do, but he didn't do what John asked him to do.
Tom has gone back to Boston for good.
I don't know where my car keys are.
You should tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has enough time to do that today.
I don't know what I need to do yet.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as Mary, didn't you?
Tom has done what we asked him to do.
I don't know what I have to do yet.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom has done everything right so far.
I don't know if that's true or not.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom has definitely been very unlucky.
I don't know how to play the piano.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
Tom has decided to go back to Boston.
I don't know how to cook very well.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary not to tell her parents about the accident.
Tom has climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I don't know how that could happen.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was supposed to help Alice do that.
Tom has been studying all afternoon.
I don't know how deep this lake is.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know Mary was making a lot more money than he was.
Tom has been with us for a long time.
I don't know anyone at your school.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom has been to Australia many times.
I don't know a lot about Australia.
I hope Tom doesn't say anything to Mary about seeing John with another woman.
Tom has been through all this before.
I don't intend to do that tomorrow.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we need to ask Mary to help him.
Tom has been suspended from the team.
I don't have to go there by myself.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we have to ask Mary to help him.
Tom has been retired for three years.
I don't have to do this right away.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful in the future.
Tom has been punished for doing that.
I don't have to do that right away.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful the next time she did that.
Tom has been learning how to do that.
I don't have to come here tomorrow.
Tom thought he should say something to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom has been known to do such things.
I don't have the energy to do that.
Tom said he kept asking Mary to help, but she just kept saying she wouldn't.
Tom has been injured three times this year.
I don't have the courage to say no.
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that until John had time to help him.
Tom has been incarcerated since 2013.
I don't have permission to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know where John and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom has been in prison since October.
I don't have experience doing that.
Tom doesn't know where John and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom has been in Boston since October.
I don't have everything I want yet.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested in anything at John's garage sale.
Tom has been having trouble sleeping.
I don't have enough experience yet.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Tom has been doing that all his life.
I don't have anything I need to do.
I think Tom would've been here today if he'd known Mary was going to b here.
Tom has been diagnosed with leukemia.
I don't have anything I have to do.
I think Tom would be worried if Mary didn't get home by 2:30 in the morning.
Tom has been busy since this morning.
I don't have any chance of winning.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom has been arrested more than once.
I don't have a high school diploma.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
Tom has been arrested for doing that.
I don't feel up to going out today.
Tom would come to Boston with Mary if he didn't have to work all next week.
Tom has become a successful reporter.
I don't do that very often anymore.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't go to Boston unless he went with her.
Tom has at least three hundred books.
I don't care what happens tomorrow.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom has always loved watching sports.
I don't care if you do that or not.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that in the near future.
Tom has always been tall for his age.
I didn't want you to do that again.
Tom said Mary knew he might be permitted to do that if she did it with him.
Tom has always been good at baseball.
I didn't want to stay home all day.
Tom realized Mary wouldn't likely be able to do that if he didn't help her.
Tom has also spent time in Australia.
I didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom has also expressed similar ideas.
I didn't want to do that on my own.
Tom couldn't see Mary, but he could hear her washing dishes in the kitchen.
Tom has already bought what he wants.
I didn't want to do that by myself.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tom has already bought what he needs.
I didn't want to attract attention.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tom has already been here once today.
I should tell Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has almost as much money as I do.
I didn't want that to happen again.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary, didn't you?
Tom has all day to finish doing that.
I didn't want anyone to talk to me.
You knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that as fast as Mary, didn't you?
Tom has about as many stamps as I do.
I didn't understand how to do that.
Tom has a tendency to be pessimistic.
I didn't think you'd like the idea.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to quit his job and find another one.
Tom has a really good sense of humor.
I didn't think you'd be so annoyed.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom has a lot more books than you do.
I didn't think you'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom has a large house and three cars.
I didn't think I'd be back so soon.
Tom should've pretended to be frightened by Mary in her Halloween costume.
Tom has a history of mental problems.
I didn't think I needed to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom has a commercial pilot's license.
I didn't think I needed protection.
Tom says he knows Mary won't want to do that unless he does that with her.
Tom has a bicycle just like that one.
I didn't stand a chance of winning.
Tom says he knows Mary could do that if she would only put her mind to it.
Tom has a basket full of blueberries.
I didn't really have to do a thing.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom has a background in construction.
I didn't really feel like swimming.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom has a T-shirt just like that one.
I didn't really feel like studying.
Tom said Mary wasn't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing with us.
Tom hardly did that at all yesterday.
I didn't really care what happened.
Tom said Mary is probably still the one responsible for getting that done.
Tom had planned to do that yesterday.
I didn't realize what was going on.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom had his appendix removed in 2013.
I didn't play in the first quarter.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom had all day to finish doing that.
I didn't plan on talking to anyone.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom had a very tough time doing that.
I didn't need to get here so early.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom had a piece of paper in his hand.
I didn't need to do that yesterday.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom had a lot to do with the project.
I didn't like that movie very much.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to not say anything about what happened.
Tom had a lot of things he had to do.
I didn't know why that's happening.
Tom and his three sons went on a picnic with Mary and her three daughters.
Tom had a hard time making ends meet.
I didn't know which button to push.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to persuade John to do that.
Tom grew up in a very wealthy family.
I didn't know where to park my car.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom grew a beard to look more mature.
I didn't know what the problem was.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom greeted his visitors at the door.
I didn't know what else I could do.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were dating each other until John told me.
Tom grasped the rope with both hands.
I didn't know how I should do that.
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't volunteered to help him.
Tom graduated from college last year.
I didn't know Mary was your sister.
Tom told Mary that she had to be more careful the next time she did that.
Tom got very angry with his children.
I didn't know I was being followed.
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be careful not to make John angry.
Tom gave me exactly what I asked for.
I didn't hear my name being called.
Tom seemed to know that Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom found it hard to stay optimistic.
I didn't have to do that yesterday.
Tom said he thought Mary would need at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom flirts with every woman he meets.
I didn't have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom finished doing that very quickly.
I didn't have the nerve to do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might be allowed to do that if she did it with him.
Tom faces 30 years to life in prison.
I didn't have enough money for gas.
Tom said Mary knew John might be permitted to do that after his birthday.
Tom expected us to do that yesterday.
I didn't have anything I had to do.
Tom knew that Mary had told everyone she was going to file for a divorce.
Tom eventually gave up and went home.
I didn't go to Boston last weekend.
Tom knew he should say something to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom emptied the box of it's contents.
I didn't get up early this morning.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John has told her to do.
Tom earned his living as a guitarist.
I didn't get here until after dark.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John thinks she should do.
Tom dumped everything out of the box.
I didn't get here until about noon.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John is asking her to do.
I didn't expect to ever walk again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom doesn't want us to do that today.
I didn't expect the job to be easy.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do everything that needed to be done.
Tom doesn't want to do that that way.
I didn't do what I was asked to do.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston now.
I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
Tom doesn't think we need to do that.
I didn't do everything I had to do.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
Tom doesn't think we have to do that.
I didn't anticipate that happening.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't think I ought to do that.
I didn't answer any more questions.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy doing that.
I didn't actually see the accident.
You told Tom that I asked John to teach Mary how to do that, didn't you?
Tom doesn't seem to be unhappy today.
I definitely want to do that today.
You didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that, did you?
Tom doesn't seem to be in his office.
I definitely want to do that again.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom doesn't remember how he got home.
I cut classes and went to the mall.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom doesn't need any help doing that.
I could get punished if I did that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom doesn't like the way you do that.
I can't help you do that right now.
Tom told Mary that it might be a good idea if she went there by bicycle.
Tom doesn't like playing video games.
I can't find my trumpet mouthpiece.
Tom thought Mary would be interested in visiting one of the art museums.
Tom doesn't like it when you do that.
I can't decide what to do tomorrow.
Tom said he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom doesn't like being told to hurry.
I can come, too, if you want me to.
Tom said he wanted to tell you how to do that, but Mary told him not to.
Tom doesn't know a lot about animals.
I came to Boston in search of work.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted him to buy.
Tom doesn't have very good instincts.
I bet it's not too hard to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not want to do that until it gets cooler.
Tom doesn't have to do that, does he?
I bet it's not much fun to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be required to do that until October.
Tom doesn't have to do that tomorrow.
I assume you're willing to do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that early tomorrow morning.
Tom doesn't have time to read comics.
I always have to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that on such a cold day.
Tom doesn't have everything he wants.
How would you recommend we do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't have everything he needs.
How often do you stay up all night?
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that in the near future.
Tom doesn't have any help doing that.
How often do you go to the library?
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that again.
Tom doesn't feel he needs to do that.
How much time do I have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary plans to spend her summer vacation.
Tom doesn't expect to stay very long.
How many concerts have you been to?
Tom knew it was only a matter of time before Mary found out what he did.
Tom doesn't deserve to be re-elected.
How long have you spent doing that?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John is asking her to do.
Tom doesn't care if his car is dirty.
How do you celebrate your birthday?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John has asked her to do.
Tom doesn't blame you for doing that.
How about doing that while we wait?
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John has told her to do.
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.
Have you ever been on a blind date?
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't actually want to do that.
Have you decided when you'll leave?
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that in less than three hours.
Tom doesn't actually need to do that.
Have you checked all the equipment?
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't actually have to do that.
Has all the equipment been checked?
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she didn't want to do that.
Tom does that every Monday afternoon.
Even though I was sick, I did that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she didn't need to do that.
Tom does that all the time, you know.
Even if it's raining, I'll do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she didn't have to do that.
Tom does take a shower every morning.
Don't stay out in the sun too long.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tom does everything he's asked to do.
Don't forget to take your umbrella.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tom died when the building collapsed.
Don't do that unless I tell you to.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom died on his way home from church.
Doing that likely won't be so easy.
I don't think Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
Tom died of cancer in 2013 in Boston.
Doing it that way wouldn't be safe.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was faster at doing that than Alice.
Tom died of a heart attack last year.
Doing it that way wouldn't be easy.
Tom told Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom died of a heart attack in Boston.
Does everyone know what gravity is?
Tom should at least tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that anymore.
Tom died in prison from tuberculosis.
Do you want me to buy that for you?
Tom should at least tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Tom died in prison after three years.
Do you usually do that by yourself?
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Tom died in October at the age of 30.
Do you think it'll be hot tomorrow?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't feel like doing that.
Tom died in Boston three years later.
Do you think Boston is a safe city?
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to read anything without her glasses on.
Tom died in Boston of kidney failure.
Do you still enjoy going to movies?
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom died in Boston of a heart attack.
Do you really want to do that here?
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom died before the rescuers arrived.
Do you read books to your children?
Tom said he knew Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom died as a result of his injuries.
Do you plan to continue doing that?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom died Monday after a long illness.
Do you know whose umbrella this is?
Tom said Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom didn't want to play golf anymore.
Do you know a safer way to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten fired.
Didn't you know you had to do that?
Tom said Mary knew John might be allowed to do that after his birthday.
Tom didn't seem to know who did that.
Didn't you know that was happening?
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that here.
Tom didn't really have to do a thing.
Didn't you know about this already?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary shouldn't be doing that by herself.
Tom didn't play the rest of the game.
Did you fill out the questionnaire?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John has told her to do.
Tom didn't play in the third quarter.
Could you tell me how you did that?
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what needed to be done.
Tom didn't know that I could do that.
Could you pick up that book for me?
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he didn't need to do that.
Tom didn't know if he had to do that.
Could you make me another sandwich?
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he didn't have to do that.
Tom didn't know how to play the game.
Could you give us any more details?
Tom could've been quicker at doing that than Mary if he'd tried harder.
Tom didn't have the money to do that.
Could you explain how you did that?
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom didn't have everything he needed.
Could I borrow a couple of dollars?
It was very naive of Tom to think Mary would believe a story like that.
Tom didn't get here until about noon.
Can you stay in Boston for a while?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't have come this early if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom didn't do what we told him to do.
Both of my ex-wives live in Boston.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom didn't do what I asked him to do.
Both of my brothers are in custody.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom didn't come to work by car today.
Both of my brothers are doing that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom did whatever we wanted him to do.
Aren't you going to come to Boston?
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what time the meeting was.
Tom did what he thought he should do.
Are you still reluctant to do that?
Tom was through doing that by the time Mary offered to help him do it.
Tom did what he felt he needed to do.
Are you still permitted to do that?
Tom was in the kitchen making breakfast when Mary knocked on his door.
Tom did that without saying anything.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom did that without asking for help.
Are you still a straight-A student?
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom did that for himself, not for us.
Are you looking for an interpreter?
Tom should at least tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
Tom did that for himself, not for me.
Are you going to go see that movie?
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom did that better than we expected.
Are you a native speaker of French?
Tom said it looked like Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom did that because you told him to.
Your speech was quite interesting.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom did that because he was asked to.
Your parents must be proud of you.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom did that as he was instructed to.
Your office looks a lot like mine.
Tom said he didn't think it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom did exactly what he wanted to do.
Your advice didn't help me at all.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom did exactly as he was told to do.
Your French is quite good already.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom did everything he promised to do.
Your French is hard to understand.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom described the man who mugged him.
You've lost your key, haven't you?
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom denies that he paid ransom money.
You've lost your job, haven't you?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Boston with her.
Tom definitely won't do that anymore.
You've grown since I last saw you.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is intending to do that or not.
Tom definitely has a lot of problems.
You're too young to be left alone.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John wants her to do.
Tom decided to do something about it.
You're the shortest person I know.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom decided not to do that after all.
You're the right man for this job.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom crawled out from under the table.
You're the only vegetarian I know.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom couldn't stop us from doing that.
You're the only one who does that.
I'm quite sure Tom didn't know Mary had a much higher salary than his.
Tom couldn't stop me from doing that.
You're the one who should do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
Tom couldn't explain how he did that.
You're the one who has to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
Tom could no longer restrain himself.
You're not permitted do that here.
You knew that Tom wanted Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom could get injured if he did that.
You're likely do that, aren't you?
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful in the future.
Tom could do that again if he had to.
You're a veterinarian, aren't you?
Tom should probably tell Mary that he can't do that without her help.
Tom could do a lot of things for you.
You're a very talented songwriter.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom could be the next one to do that.
You're a very good French teacher.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom could be the last one to do that.
You're a very good French speaker.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom could be sincere, but I doubt it.
You're a truck driver, aren't you?
Tom said he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom could be punished for doing that.
You're a student, too, aren't you?
Tom said he wished he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom could be just the person we need.
You're a pediatrician, aren't you?
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom could be forgiven for doing that.
You're a heavy smoker, aren't you?
Tom said he thought Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom could be excused from doing that.
You're a friendly guy, aren't you?
Tom said he knew Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom could be arrested for doing that.
You're a better swimmer than I am.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom could almost pass for a teenager.
You're a baseball fan, aren't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom continued doing that for a while.
You'll keep doing that, won't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom confessed his sins to the priest.
You'll help us do that, won't you?
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom complained that his stomach hurt.
You'll help me do that, won't you?
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom comes to see me almost every day.
You'll have the chance to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom comes from a very musical family.
You'll have difficulty doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be the one responsible for what happened.
Tom climbed to the top of the ladder.
You'll be rich and famous someday.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom cleaned the house all by himself.
You'll be punished for doing that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom claimed he acted in self-defense.
You'll be excused from doing that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom certainly isn't ready to do that.
You'd do that again, wouldn't you?
Tom said Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom can't play the trumpet very well.
You won't have to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that as quickly as possible.
Tom can't help you do that right now.
You won't do that today, will you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom can't come to Boston this summer.
You won't do that alone, will you?
Tom refused to tell me why he and Mary weren't talking to each other.
Tom can do that with his eyes closed.
You won't do that again, will you?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is going to be tomorrow morning.
Tom can do that again if he wants to.
You were foolish to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John thinks she should do.
Tom began to do that three years ago.
You were cute when you were a kid.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John asks her to do.
Tom began doing that three years ago.
You want to go with us, don't you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John wants her to do.
Tom began doing that three weeks ago.
You suggested that we not do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John tells her to do.
Tom began doing that at an early age.
You shouldn't have had to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John thinks she should do.
Tom became a schoolteacher in Boston.
You shouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom has been waiting for Mary all morning, but she still hasn't come.
Tom baked these cookies this morning.
You should've done that years ago.
Tom explained to Mary why it would be a good idea for her to do that.
Tom backed the car out of the garage.
You should've done that weeks ago.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what Mary was talking about.
Tom backed his car down the driveway.
You should've done that last week.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was supposed to meet Alice.
Tom assured us that he would do that.
You should pay your bills on time.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom assured us that he could do that.
You should listen to your teacher.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom assured me that he would do that.
You should go ahead and get ready.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to quit doing that.
Tom assured me that he could do that.
You should do that somewhere else.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that until John told me.
Tom asked us why we hadn't done that.
You should do that someplace else.
You told Tom I wanted Mary to teach John how to do that, didn't you?
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that.
You should do that if you want to.
You should probably tell Tom that you want him to help Mary do that.
Tom asked me if I had ever done that.
You should buy yourself a new car.
You didn't know that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that, did you?
Tom announced his retirement in 2013.
You should be able to do that now.
Tom told Mary to stop complaining, but she just kept on complaining.
We always love those who admire us and we do not always love those we admire.
Tom announced his decision on Monday.
You seemed to be eager to do that.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be careful not to drop the bottles.
Tom and I've recently started dating.
You seem to be a little bit crazy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be the next one to do that.
Tom and I've decided to get divorced.
You really do drink a lot, do you?
Tom thinks Mary would be lonely if she lived all alone in the woods.
Tom and I've been dating for a while.
You promised you'd do that for us.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary wants him to meet her in the park.
Tom and I'll go camping this weekend.
You promised not to do that again.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom and I'll get married next spring.
You often go to Boston, don't you?
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to read anything without her glasses.
Tom and I'll be waiting in the lobby.
You never seem to do that anymore.
Tom said that Mary has wanted to learn how to drive for a long time.
Tom and I were there three years ago.
You need to do that every morning.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
Tom and I were the ones who did that.
You need help doing that, I think.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think John could ever do that by himself.
Tom and I were born in the same city.
You may use this room if you want.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom and I were at home all afternoon.
You may shut the door if you like.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom and I went to the beach together.
You may do that wherever you want.
Tom said he thought Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom and I went for a drive yesterday.
You may do that today if you like.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom and I went duck hunting together.
You may do that anywhere you want.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom and I wanted to do that together.
You may do that again if you like.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary's reasons for not doing that were.
Tom and I want to tell you something.
You look like you'd like to leave.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom and I used to argue all the time.
You look like you don't feel well.
Tom said Mary would need at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom and I took turns driving the car.
You look a little bit like a girl.
Tom said Mary was the only one who was able to do that without help.
Tom and I tell each other everything.
You know we don't have to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be faster at doing that than John.
Tom and I sometimes do that together.
You knew this already, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be better at doing that than John.
Tom and I sometime hang out together.
You have to have money to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom and I sing in the choir together.
You have to do that every morning.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom and I see each other quite often.
You had plenty of time to do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom and I sat across from each other.
You don't usually do that, do you?
Tom said Mary thought John might be allowed to do that next weekend.
Tom and I played in the park all day.
You don't seem to want to do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom and I played chess all afternoon.
You don't plan to do that, do you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom and I often go shopping together.
You don't need to do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at doing that or not.
Tom and I never criticize each other.
You don't mind doing that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary wants him to put her suitcases.
Tom and I never argue about anything.
You don't look like you're sleepy.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary wants him to plant the lettuce.
Tom and I like the same kind of food.
You don't look like you're lonely.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary should be doing that by herself.
Tom and I just want to be left alone.
You don't like to do that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary needs to do that again tomorrow.
Tom and I have trouble getting along.
You don't like doing that, do you?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is the one who needs to do that.
Tom and I have many things in common.
You don't have to do that, do you?
Tom is the only man other than her father that Mary has ever kissed.
Tom and I had a nice dinner together.
You don't do that anymore, do you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do whatever John wants her to do.
Tom and I go to the same supermarket.
You don't deny doing that, do you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John is asking her to do.
Tom and I folded the sheets together.
You do want to do that, don't you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has asked her to do.
Tom and I first met three months ago.
You do that every week, don't you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John wants her to do.
Tom and I enjoy each other's company.
You didn't tell me not to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John thinks she should do.
Tom and I don't speak French at home.
You didn't really need to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John told her to do.
Tom and I do lots of things together.
You didn't look like you were mad.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do everything John asks her to do.
Tom and I aren't supposed to do that.
You didn't find anything, did you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom and I are professional musicians.
You didn't do that again, did you?
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John has asked her to do.
Tom and I are perfect for each other.
You could be doing that right now.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted to go to Boston with him or not.
Tom and I are on their way there now.
You can sleep here if you want to.
I thought Tom might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom and I are on the same wavelength.
You can do that today if you like.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom and I are both unable to do that.
You can do that better than I can.
You knew that Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I always seem to be fighting.
You can do that again if you want.
You knew that Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom and I almost always eat together.
You can come, too, if you want to.
You didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary to do that, did you?
Tom always asks me the same question.
You can come tomorrow if you like.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he'd known it would make Mary angry.
Tom almost always eats lunch with us.
Would you unlock the gate, please?
Tom wanted to find out when Mary was planning to finish doing that.
Tom agreed that we shouldn't do that.
Would you unlock the door, please?
Tom told Mary that she needed to be careful not to make John angry.
Tom admitted that he knew the secret.
Would you pass the butter, please?
Tom told Mary that it might be better if she went there by bicycle.
Tom's wife is just as tall as he is.
Would you like to do that with us?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was difficult to get along with.
Tom's teaching career began in 2013.
Would you be reluctant to do that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was amused by what was going on.
Tom's mother died when he was three.
Would you all please step outside?
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful from now on.
Tom's last name is possibly Jackson.
Women and girls shouldn't do that.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to quit his job and find another one.
Tom's interest in music began early.
Will I have time to do that today?
Tom should probably tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom's injury appears to have healed.
Why don't you have dinner with us?
Tom seemed to know that Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Tom's first wife was really strange.
Why don't we get something to eat?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she didn't want to do that.
Tom's first girlfriend was a blonde.
Why do some people like to gamble?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she didn't need to do that.
Tom's first girlfriend was Canadian.
Who's the tallest person you know?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she didn't have to do that.
Tom's death still remains a mystery.
Who's the richest person you know?
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that this week.
Tom's business has done really well.
Who told you you couldn't do that?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom's brothers are still in custody.
Who do you intend to do that with?
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom's brothers are still doing that.
Which of your brothers is younger?
Tom said he thought Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom wouldn't like it if we did that.
Where should we hang this picture?
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom wouldn't be happy if I did that.
What's your reason for doing that?
Tom said he thought Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom would want to do that, I'm sure.
What's your main source of income?
Tom said he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom would never go to Boston by bus.
What's the longest river in Japan?
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom would be terrible at doing that.
What's the easiest way to do that?
Tom said Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom would be foolish not to do that.
What time do you usually get home?
Tom said Mary thought she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom worked for three hours straight.
What did you do yesterday morning?
Tom said Mary thought he might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom won't likely be watching TV now.
We've been ordered not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that by himself.
Tom won't likely be done doing that.
We've been invaded by our enemies.
Tom said Mary knew she might not need to do that until next Monday.
Tom won't get the chance to do that.
We've all done that at least once.
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that until next Monday.
Tom won't figure out how to do that.
We're not allowed to do that here.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be required to do that by herself.
We'll probably be able to do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom won't be here when you get here.
We'd be lucky if we could do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom won't be able to do that either.
We won't stay in Boston very long.
Tom said Mary didn't have anything she needed to do this afternoon.
Tom will probably refuse to do that.
We won't come to Boston next week.
Tom needed to make sure that Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom will probably help a little bit.
We won't be in Boston next Monday.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John has told her to do.
Tom will probably do that next week.
We were told not to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do anything John asks her to do.
Tom will probably become frustrated.
We rarely see monkeys around here.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do whatever John tells her to do.
Tom will probably be grumpy all day.
We only sell three kinds of cakes.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John is asking her to do.
Tom will probably be back by Monday.
We never stay in Boston very long.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John has asked her to do.
Tom will likely be ready to do that.
We never should've visited Boston.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John has told her to do.
Tom will have the chance to do that.
We never should've gone to Boston.
Tom doesn't think this is the first time Mary has tried to do that.
Tom will go back to Boston tomorrow.
We need to correct these problems.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be doing that on a hot day like today.
Tom will do what he can to help you.
We might be in Boston next spring.
Tom doesn't know where John and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom will come to Boston this summer.
We just visited Boston last month.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she wanted to do that.
Tom will come to Boston next Monday.
We had dinner at a new restaurant.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she needed to do that.
Tom will come on the twentieth, too.
We had a drop in sales last month.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't have enough money to pay all her bills.
Tom will be the next one to do that.
Those statistics aren't available.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary to do that. She'd have done it anyway.
Tom will be the last one to do that.
This river dries up in the summer.
Tom and Mary were engaged for three months before they got married.
Tom will be outside waiting for you.
This project is only 30% complete.
Tom and Mary don't play ping-pong together as much as they used to.
Tom will be happy he didn't do that.
This place looks like a graveyard.
Tom and Mary are still not doing what they're supposed to be doing.
Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
This must be some kind of mistake.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him he was supposed to do.
Tom will be excused from doing that.
This morning's meeting was boring.
Mary and Tom met three years ago when they were students in Boston.
Tom went to the park to play tennis.
This isn't a very comfortable bed.
I've never told Tom that Mary and I used to go out with each other.
Tom went to Boston with his parents.
This is an exception to this rule.
I think Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom went straight home after school.
This is a non-profit organization.
I don't think Tom will be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
Tom wasn't interested in doing that.
This is a mainly residential area.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary hated each other until John told me.
Tom was the first person to do that.
This has been happening for years.
Didn't you know that Tom would be upset if he saw you kissing Mary?
Tom was the first person here today.
These shoes don't match this suit.
Tom, Mary, John and I played beach volleyball yesterday afternoon.
Tom was the first one to be injured.
These lenses aren't scratch-proof.
Tom thought that Mary probably didn't know that John spoke French.
Tom was sure he could do that again.
There are many people who do that.
Tom thinks that if he hadn't done that, Mary would still be alive.
Tom was one of those who were fired.
The pencil rolled under the couch.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom was my neighbor three years ago.
The past three days have been hot.
Tom should've gone to Boston last week with Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom was my neighbor for three years.
The last three days have been hot.
Tom should've asked Mary what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
That isn't wine. It's grape juice.
Tom should probably tell Mary what time he's planning to get home.
Tom was difficult to get along with.
Thanks for what you did yesterday.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he doesn't want her to do that.
Tom was amused by what was going on.
Some people here can speak French.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom was also present at the meeting.
Shouldn't I be the one doing that?
Tom should probably not tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom wants to know why that happened.
Please do that as soon as you can.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he didn't need to do that.
Tom wants me to cook dinner for him.
Perhaps you don't need to do that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he didn't have to do that.
Tom wanted me to do that, didn't he?
People around here seldom do that.
Tom says he knows Mary won't go to Boston unless he goes with her.
Tom used to work at the post office.
Only adults are permitted do that.
Tom says he knows Mary won't do that unless he does that with her.
Tom used to live in my neighborhood.
Nobody said that it would be easy.
Tom says he heard that Mary needed to find somewhere else to live.
Tom used to be my saxophone teacher.
My truck is still parked out back.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't want to do that.
Tom used to be able to swim 30 laps.
My parents need to know the truth.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
Tom tried to show me how to do that.
My house was damaged by the flood.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't like doing that.
Tom tried to kill himself last week.
My first child was born last year.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who didn't have to do that.
Tom tried out for the baseball team.
My daughter plays the violin well.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom told me you were able to do that.
My approach is somewhat different.
Tom said he thought Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom told me you knew how to do that.
My French has gotten a lot better.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom told me why he couldn't do that.
Monday will probably be a hot day.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom told me that he'll be back soon.
Monday will likely be a windy day.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom told me that he'd be supportive.
Monday will likely be a rainy day.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom told me that he was embarrassed.
Men and women do that differently.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom told me he was going to do that.
Maybe it would be best to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom thought you'd already done that.
Mary isn't wearing lipstick today.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom thought he'd be able to do that.
Mary is the smartest woman I know.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be the one who needs to do that.
Tom thought he could do that for me.
Mary is the shortest woman I know.
Tom said Mary thought she might be required to do that by herself.
Tom teaches French five days a week.
Mary is the quietest woman I know.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom swore that he'd never done that.
Mary is a daughter of a carpenter.
Tom said Mary thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom swears he won't do that anymore.
Mary got her belly button pierced.
Tom said Mary thought John might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom sure does that well, doesn't he?
Many people have been complaining.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom stuck his pencil behind his ear.
Make sure you don't do that again.
Tom said Mary knew she might be permitted to do that this evening.
Tom still works several days a week.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom still like to do that sometimes.
It's very nice of you to say that.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom still just wants to stay in bed.
It's painful to do that, isn't it?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John don't like each other.
Tom still isn't very good at skiing.
It's not safe to drink that water.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at swimming or not.
Tom still isn't very good at French.
It's necessary for you to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom still hasn't washed his clothes.
It's hot and humid here in Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is the one who has to do that.
Tom still hasn't told me what to do.
It's going to be tough to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has to do that again tomorrow.
Tom still hasn't found his passport.
It'll probably be safe to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time Mary will need to do that.
Tom still does that whenever he can.
It'll probably be easy to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time Mary will have to do that.
Tom still does that once in a while.
It would've been wrong to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom stayed longer than he should've.
It would've been tough to do that.
Tom needs to make sure that Mary knows what she is supposed to do.
Tom spent three months in Australia.
It would've been smart to do that.
Tom knows it's a matter of time before Mary finds out what he did.
Tom spent the whole day watching TV.
It would've been silly to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John has told her to do.
Tom spent last Monday night in jail.
It would've been cheap to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what he had to do.
Tom spent a lot of time watching TV.
It would be wise to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom spends a lot of money traveling.
It would be very silly to do that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he needed to do that.
Tom speaks three languages fluently.
It would be very scary to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what time John was going to meet Alice.
Tom sounded very tired on the phone.
It would be very cruel to do that.
Tom and his girlfriend often hang out with Mary and her boyfriend.
Tom sometimes gets home around 2:30.
It would be stupid not to do that.
It was naive of Tom to think Mary would believe a story like that.
Tom sold all his property in Boston.
It would be ridiculous to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
Tom slept through the entire ordeal.
It would be nice to see you again.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom shouldn't have to do that again.
It would be impossible to do that.
You knew that Tom wanted Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom shouldn't have reacted that way.
It would be good to see you again.
You knew that Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom shouldn't be the one doing that.
It would be easy to do that again.
You knew Tom was unlikely to ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom shouldn't be allowed to compete.
It would be depressing to do that.
Tom would've gotten away with it if Mary hadn't seen you do that.
Tom should've gotten here yesterday.
It took me three hours to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom should've done that last summer.
It should've been easy to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to find a higher-paying job.
Tom should've chosen something else.
It looks as if it'll quit raining.
Tom was sitting in the middle of the front row at Mary's concert.
Tom should've been more cooperative.
It doesn't look like you're tired.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom should send a letter of apology.
It doesn't look like you're ready.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gone to Boston with Alice.
Tom should be in Boston next Monday.
It doesn't look like you're happy.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom should be even better next year.
It doesn't look like you're angry.
Tom thinks Mary wants to do that, but she doesn't really want to.
Tom seldom, if ever, goes to church.
Is there any other way to do that?
Tom thinks Mary needs to do that, but she doesn't really need to.
Tom seldom goes to places like that.
Is there an easier way to do that?
Tom should tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom seldom does that in the morning.
Is there a cheaper way to do that?
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom seems to know what he should do.
If you don't hurry, we'll be late.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom seems to know what he has to do.
If it stops raining, I'll do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom seems to be feeling discouraged.
If it doesn't rain, we'll do that.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom seems amused by what's going on.
I've tried doing that three times.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom seemed to be willing to do that.
I've seen I do that several times.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom seemed to be enjoying the party.
I've only been to Boston one time.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom scored three goals for our team.
I've just now finished doing that.
Tom said he wanted to go to the zoo with Mary on their next date.
Tom says we have to start somewhere.
I've filled out the questionnaire.
Tom said he thought Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom says there's no need to do that.
I've decided to do that every day.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom says the plan isn't good enough.
I've decided that I won't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom says that the noise bothers him.
I've been wanting to do that, too.
Tom said he thought Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom says that isn't a major problem.
I've been forgiven for doing that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom says that he intends to do that.
I've been asked not do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom says he's too old to start over.
I've always dreamed of doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be difficult to get along with.
Tom says he's spoken with the manager.
I'm the only one who has to leave.
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom says he's proud of his children.
I'm the only one who has a camera.
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom says he's hoping he can do that.
I'm taking care of my grandfather.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be required to do that again.
Tom says he's done that three times.
I'm sure that's what I need to do.
Tom said Mary thought she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom says he's been to Boston before.
I'm sure that's what I have to do.
Tom said Mary thought he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom says he's been shot three times.
I'm sure that's not what happened.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom says he's been asked to do that.
I'm still not very good at skiing.
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that this afternoon.
Tom says he's already learned a lot.
I'm still not very good at French.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom says he thinks we could do that.
I'm still not finished doing that.
Tom said Mary knew John might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom says he thinks he won't do that.
I'm not working in Boston anymore.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at dancing or not.
Tom says he plans to stay in Boston.
I'm not sure who I should talk to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at cooking or not.
Tom says he misses his family a lot.
I'm not sure I'm ready to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary intends to do that or not.
Tom says he hasn't joined any clubs.
I'm not happy about the situation.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary already knows how to do that.
Tom says he feels taken for granted.
I'm not good at remembering names.
Tom probably doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom says he doesn't wish to do that.
I'm not going to help you do that.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that.
I'm not afraid of spiders anymore.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom says he doesn't have to do that.
I'm going to try to do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be doing that if she didn't want to.
Tom says he can do that blindfolded.
I'm going to do that next weekend.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that without some help.
Tom says he believes he can do that.
I'm glad you were able to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom says he always does it this way.
I'm eager to learn how to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that without some help.
Tom sat there with his legs crossed.
I'm convinced that that'll happen.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom said you're a terrible roommate.
I'm both a singer and a guitarist.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said you should be more careful.
I'll tell you what you have to do.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary needed to do that.
Tom said there was still work to do.
I'll do whatever you ask me to do.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was going to ask to the prom.
Tom said the team remains confident.
I'll do that today if I have time.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of hotel John had stayed at.
Tom said the heat didn't bother him.
I'll buy what I need at that shop.
Tom asked Mary if she knew the name of the book John was reading.
Tom said the fire wasn't deliberate.
I'll be happy to buy that for you.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what to buy John for his birthday.
Tom said the earthquake woke him up.
I'd understand it if you were mad.
The only reason Tom came to Boston was because Mary asked him to.
Tom said the concert was quite good.
I'd like to go to Boston with you.
I told Tom that I thought Mary might be interested in doing that.
Tom said the cold didn't bother him.
I'd be happy to help you if I can.
I thought Tom might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said the children all get along.
I wouldn't mind doing that at all.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
Tom said that's definitely not true.
I would never consider doing that.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
Tom said that'll likely happen soon.
I wonder whether I should do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want Mary to go to Boston with me.
Tom said that we need to be careful.
I won't visit Boston on this trip.
Didn't you know Tom's salary is more than double what Mary makes?
Tom said that we have to be careful.
I won't have to do that by myself.
Didn't you know Tom used to work at the same place Mary does now?
Tom said that wasn't a major factor.
I won't be doing that from now on.
You knew that Tom told Mary he was going to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that the heat bothered him.
I won't be able to do that either.
You knew Tom wanted Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that probably won't happen.
I won't allow you guys to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said that isn't the only reason.
I wish you wouldn't do that again.
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll never do anything to hurt her.
Tom said that he was ready to leave.
I wish I hadn't gone to the party.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he was a little tired.
I wish I hadn't eaten so much pie.
Tom told Mary that he was the one responsible for what happened.
Tom said that he really did do that.
I wish I hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he intends to do that.
I wasn't sure I needed to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was interested in doing that.
Tom said that I should quit smoking.
I wasn't strong enough to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
Tom said that I should do that soon.
I wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom should probably tell Mary he wants her to help John do that.
Tom said that I had to speak French.
I was told not to do that anymore.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she should invite to the party.
Tom said it's not going to end well.
I was planning to go to Australia.
Tom said that was the first time he'd ever seen Mary doing that.
Tom said it's a very common problem.
I was just getting ready to leave.
Tom said that the doctor told him Mary wasn't likely to recover.
Tom said it wasn't likely to happen.
I was born the same day as my dog.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who felt like doing that.
Tom said it wasn't him who did that.
I was afraid to do that by myself.
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
Tom said it was time for reflection.
I wanted to go to business school.
Tom said he wished he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said his team will probably win.
I wanted to go to Boston with you.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
Tom said his son wasn't a terrorist.
I want to speak to you right away.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary needed to do that or not.
Tom said his son was a good athlete.
I want to see you ride a unicycle.
Tom said he thought it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said his parents have done that.
I want to see what's in that room.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said his new car cost him a lot.
I want to learn to sing in French.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he's willing to be patient.
I want to learn some French songs.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he's trying to lose weight.
I want to know where you did that.
Tom said he thought Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said he's proud of his children.
I want to know when you're coming.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said he's never eaten Thai food.
I want to know how much I owe you.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said he's glad you weren't hurt.
I want to keep things as they are.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said he's glad he could do that.
I want to get my driver's license.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said he's done that three times.
I want to do everything by myself.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary's reasons for doing that were.
Tom said he's determined to do that.
I want to come to Boston with you.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be the one who has to do that.
Tom said he's cautiously optimistic.
I want to come back here tomorrow.
Tom said Mary was likely to be present at the meeting on Monday.
Tom said he's been told not do that.
I want to ask you a few questions.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he's been to Boston before.
I usually do that during my break.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he's been asked to do that.
I used to go to a lot of concerts.
Tom said Mary thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he'll take what he can get.
I used to be a pretty good dancer.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd very unlikely do that.
I tried to see if I could do that.
Tom said Mary thought John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd still like to do that.
I tried to keep my voice was calm.
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said he'd never want to do that.
I thought you knew how to do that.
Tom said Mary needed at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he'd be tempted to do that.
I thought you did that quite well.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he writes his own speeches.
I thought I wouldn't be gone long.
Tom said Mary knew she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he won't forget that night.
I thought I must be seeing things.
Tom said Mary knew she might be allowed to do that this evening.
Tom said he wished he could do that.
I thought I might need to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he wasn't going to help us.
I thought I might have to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he was too weak to do that.
I think you're a relative of mine.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to help her.
Tom said he was too lazy to do that.
I think we'll be able to help you.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at French or not.
Tom said he was too busy to do that.
I think we should reconsider that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom said he was tired of doing that.
I think it'll possible to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said he was hoping we'd do that.
I think doing that will be tiring.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he was grateful to be here.
I think doing that is a good idea.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John wants her to do.
Tom said he wants to sell his house.
I think I'm a pretty good drummer.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John tells her to do.
Tom said he wants to clear his name.
I think I'd like to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John wants her to do.
Tom said he wanted to join our band.
I think I'd be nervous doing that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John tells her to do.
Tom said he wanted to go to the zoo.
I think I was supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be ready to do that until next year.
Tom said he wanted to do that again.
I think I could do the same thing.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom said he wanted a second opinion.
I still haven't weeded the garden.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said he understands our concern.
I still haven't washed my clothes.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary how to do that. She already knows.
Tom said he thought I looked lonely.
I still haven't paid all my bills.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary how to do that. She already knows.
Tom said he thought I looked hungry.
I still haven't found my passport.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he prefers to stay at home.
I shouldn't have reacted that way.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said he never wanted to do that.
I shouldn't have been there today.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him she had to do that.
Tom said he needs to get more sleep.
I should've put on more sunscreen.
Tom didn't know what to do with all the junk Mary had given him.
Tom said he loves that kind of work.
I should've locked all my windows.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Tom said he likes this time of year.
I should've let you do that first.
Tom and Mary decided they'd go on a picnic in spite of the rain.
Tom said he likes the sound of that.
I should've hired a better lawyer.
I'm sure Tom will be glad when he hears Mary is coming to visit.
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.
I should've driven more carefully.
I was surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone to college.
Tom said he isn't likely to do that.
I should've done that last summer.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what she had to do.
Tom said he heard three shots fired.
I should've closed all my windows.
You know that Tom can't do that as well as Mary can, don't you?
Tom said he heard a lot of gunshots.
I should've chosen something else.
You knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he had no plans to do that.
I should've apologized right away.
You knew that Tom told Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he had a few things to say.
I should be the one who does that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said he figured I could do that.
I should be in Boston next Monday.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he needs her to help John.
Tom said he felt tempted to do that.
I really should've gone to Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom said he felt good about his win.
I realize I don't have to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that.
I quietly slipped out of the room.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful in the future.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that.
I put on my coat and went outside.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was the last one to do that.
Tom said he doesn't know what to do.
I promise I won't do that anymore.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been tempted to do that.
Tom said he doesn't do that anymore.
I probably wouldn't do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought John finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he didn't want to worry me.
I plan to go to Boston next month.
Tom thinks that if he hadn't done that, Mary wouldn't be angry.
Tom said he didn't want to watch TV.
I often go there in the afternoon.
Tom thinks Mary has to do that, but she doesn't really have to.
Tom said he didn't want me to worry.
I never expected to do that again.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't have to do that today.
Tom said he didn't know where to go.
I need to buy a new pair of shoes.
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he knows how to do that.
Tom said he didn't feel like a hero.
I must do that before I go to bed.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom said he didn't enjoy doing that.
I might visit Boston next October.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said he didn't eat meat anymore.
I love the way you make spaghetti.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said essentially the same thing.
I looked at the clock on the wall.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't want to go swimming with us.
Tom said doing that wasn't much fun.
I know you didn't want to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to do that for a long time.
Tom said doing that was frustrating.
I know exactly what I ought to do.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he had to do that by himself.
Tom said doing that isn't an option.
I know exactly what I need to buy.
Tom said he wished he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said all that didn't bother him.
I know exactly what I have to buy.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said a woman answered the phone.
I know everyone is waiting for me.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said I shouldn't have done that.
I know I'm not likely to be fired.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said I should get more exercise.
I know I shouldn't have said that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said I needed to get more sleep.
I know I should've gone to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said I looked like I was asleep.
I know I should be doing that now.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom retired from basketball in 2013.
I knew what you were going to say.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom refuses to work the night shift.
I knew I didn't have enough money.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom refused to work the night shift.
I kept on making the same mistake.
Tom said Mary would be able to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Tom recommended that we not do that.
I keep on making the same mistake.
Tom said Mary was likely to be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom received a thirty-year sentence.
I just moved to Boston last month.
Tom said Mary thought she might not need to do that by herself.
Tom really pays attention to people.
I just did that a few seconds ago.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that by herself.
Tom really likes Chinese food a lot.
I just did that a few minutes ago.
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom really enjoys playing the drums.
I intend to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom said Mary knew she might be required to do that in October.
Tom really encouraged me to do that.
I hope to be back by October 20th.
Tom said Mary knew she might be required to do that by herself.
Tom really doesn't have much choice.
I help my mother with the cooking.
Tom said Mary knew he might need to do that several more times.
Tom rarely goes to places like that.
I heard that you couldn't do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that several more times.
Tom put out the fire with a blanket.
I haven't taken a bath for a week.
Tom said Mary knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom put his cup down on the counter.
I haven't regretted that decision.
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that until Monday.
Tom promised to come, but he didn't.
I haven't done that since October.
Tom said Mary knew John might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom promised not to do that anymore.
I have to speak French for my job.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary she should do that.
Tom promised he'll do that tomorrow.
I have some experience doing that.
Tom probably knew before we did that Mary was going to do that.
Tom promised he won't do that today.
I have no objection to doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
Tom promised he won't do that again.
I hadn't intended to stay so long.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't come to school today.
Tom probably won't be here tomorrow.
I had no idea I was being lied to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom probably won't agree to do that.
I had a feeling you might do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary needs to do that or not.
Tom probably was correct about that.
I feel that I've done that before.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is good at chess or not.
Tom probably hasn't gotten home yet.
I doubt there's a market for that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can speak French or not.
Tom probably doesn't know the rules.
I don't yet know what I should do.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom probably didn't want to do that.
I don't work as much as I used to.
Tom noticed that Mary's car was parked in front of the library.
Tom probably didn't study yesterday.
I don't want you to do what I did.
Tom knows he'll never be able to play the harp as well as Mary.
Tom probably couldn't do that alone.
I don't want you to do that today.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary with her homework right now.
Tom postponed his trip to Australia.
I don't want you to do that alone.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do what John asks her to do.
Tom plays violin exceptionally well.
I don't want you to do that again.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John wants her to do.
Tom plans to go to Boston next year.
I don't want to work in a factory.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John tells her to do.
Tom passed away yesterday afternoon.
I don't want to talk about sports.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John thinks she should do.
Tom painted until his death in 2013.
I don't want to stay home all day.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do everything John asks her to do.
Tom owes his success to his parents.
I don't want to play golf anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who would do that.
Tom only does what he's asked to do.
I don't want to hang out with you.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom often helps me with my homework.
I don't want to get married again.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he had to do that.
Tom often falls asleep during class.
I don't want to do that on my own.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to be pretty good at doing that.
Tom often complains about the noise.
I don't want to do that every day.
Tom didn't know Mary spoke French almost like a native speaker.
Tom often complained about the cold.
I don't want to do anything today.
Tom and Mary don't play music together as much as they used to.
Tom never said he wanted to do that.
I don't want to be like my father.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom never really enjoyed doing that.
I don't want to be doing that now.
I wish that Tom hadn't overheard Mary and me talking about him.
Tom never goes to school by the bus.
I don't want to attract attention.
All three of us thought Tom was the one who stole Mary's purse.
Tom never expected to do that again.
I don't want to anything to drink.
You knew Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that, didn't you?
Tom never complained about the heat.
I don't want that to happen again.
You knew Tom told Mary he wasn't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom never complained about the cold.
I don't want anyone to talk to me.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he won't be at her party.
Tom needs to find someplace to live.
I don't think you have to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
Tom must've wanted to leave earlier.
I don't think that'll ever happen.
Tom wants Mary to know that he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom must've been tempted to do that.
I don't think that we can do that.
Tom wanted Mary to know that he really didn't want to do that.
Tom must've been fascinated by that.
I don't think I'm going to resign.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom must've been awake at that time.
I don't think I'll get in trouble.
Tom thought Mary would be amused when she heard what John did.
Tom moved here less than a year ago.
I don't think I needed to do that.
Tom thinks that if he had done that, Mary would've been upset.
Tom might study French this evening.
I don't think I can do that today.
Tom thinks Mary can probably convince John to stop doing that.
Tom might get fired if he does that.
I don't think I can be happy here.
Tom spent a lot of time talking with Mary yesterday afternoon.
Tom may do that wherever he chooses.
I don't take vacations very often.
Tom should've asked Mary where she wanted him to park the car.
Tom may do that anywhere he chooses.
I don't swim as well as I used to.
Tom should probably tell Mary why she shouldn't be doing that.
Tom may come with us if he wants to.
I don't remember who told me that.
Tom should probably tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom managed to escape from his cell.
I don't remember where I did that.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she wanted to do that.
Tom made up his mind to be a doctor.
I don't remember my doctor's name.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she needed to do that.
Tom made up his mind not to do that.
I don't remember having said that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she has to do that before Monday.
Tom made me wait for thirty minutes.
I don't remember having done that.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom made a lot of spelling mistakes.
I don't really feel like swimming.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that on her own.
Tom lost his wife in a car accident.
I don't really feel like studying.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that by herself.
Tom looked at me as if I were crazy.
I don't play golf so much anymore.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would eventually want to do that.
Tom lives with his father in Boston.
I don't need to worry about money.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who enjoyed doing that.
Tom lives with his family in Boston.
I don't need to go back to Boston.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that wouldn't be interesting.
Tom lives in Boston with his mother.
I don't need to do that right now.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be dangerous.
Tom lives in Boston with his family.
I don't need to do that every day.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom lived in Boston until last year.
I don't need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom likes taking care of the garden.
I don't mind if you don't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom likes barbecuing for his family.
I don't live in this neighborhood.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom let me know that he had arrived.
I don't like you very much either.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom let his hamster out of its cage.
I don't like to read on the train.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom lent us money when we needed it.
I don't like the way you did that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom left for Boston three hours ago.
I don't like talking to strangers.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom left for Australia this morning.
I don't like talking about sports.
Tom said he and Mary left early because Mary was feeling sick.
Tom leaves for Australia next month.
I don't like driving on icy roads.
Tom said Mary would need at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom knows why he's getting a chance.
I don't leave my house after dark.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be interested in doing that.
Tom knows what he's doing out there.
I don't know why I should do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be retired by this time next year.
Tom knows this is a tough situation.
I don't know why I had to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be faster at doing that than John.
Tom knows that I've never done that.
I don't know who those people are.
Tom said Mary thought she was the only one who had to do that.
Tom knows that I did that yesterday.
I don't know where my umbrella is.
Tom said Mary thought she might be permitted to do that today.
Tom knows he's got to do that today.
I don't know what'll happen to me.
Tom said Mary thought he might not want to do that by himself.
Tom knows he's going to be punished.
I don't know what the solution is.
Tom said Mary thought he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom knows he's going to be arrested.
I don't know what I should do yet.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom knows he shouldn't do that here.
I don't know much about gardening.
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that this evening.
Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I don't know how to tie a bowline.
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that this evening.
Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
I don't know how deep the pool is.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
Tom knows I was supposed to do that.
I don't know how I should do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom knew he was supposed to do that.
I don't know anything about opera.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that until October.
Tom killed himself three nights ago.
I don't have very much experience.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom just does what he's asked to do.
I don't have to worry about money.
Tom said Mary knew he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom just did that a few minutes ago.
I don't have to help anyone today.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom jumped his horse over the fence.
I don't have to go back to Boston.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John wants to do that or not.
Tom isn't the only one who's sleepy.
I don't have to go anywhere today.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John needs to do that or not.
Tom isn't the one I'm worried about.
I don't have to finish this today.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't so old that he can't work.
I don't have to do this every day.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want me to do that.
Tom isn't much fun to hang out with.
I don't have to do that right now.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be thirsty.
I don't have to do that every day.
Tom laughed so loud that Mary could hear him from the kitchen.
Tom isn't likely to be pleased.
I don't have to do that by myself.
Tom knew it probably wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom isn't likely to be outside.
I don't have the skill to do that.
Tom knew he wouldn't be able to do what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom isn't likely to be on time.
I don't have the means to do that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she needs to do what John asks her to do.
Tom isn't likely to be nervous.
I don't have a fever this morning.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do whatever John tells her to do.
Tom isn't likely to be jealous.
I don't have a case for my guitar.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John is asking her to do.
Tom isn't going to camp this summer.
I don't give Mary flowers anymore.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John has asked her to do.
Tom isn't as young as he says he is.
I don't get up as early as you do.
Tom has been trying to convince Mary to start studying French.
Tom isn't as busy as the rest of us.
I don't get paid a lot to do that.
Tom has been hoping he can go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom isn't anything like his brother.
I don't feel motivated to do that.
Tom has already told Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom isn't allowed to do that either.
I don't ever want to leave Boston.
Tom has already told Mary she needs be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom isn't afraid to do that anymore.
I don't do that as well as you do.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested in learning how to drive.
Tom isn't afraid of people like you.
I don't come to Boston very often.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't a teacher. He's a student.
I don't care whether we go or not.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
I don't care that my car is dirty.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where Mary had gone.
Tom is visiting his uncle in Boston.
I don't care one way or the other.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him Mary had to do that.
Tom is very generous with his money.
I do that every day for my health.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who persuaded him to do that.
Tom is very active in his community.
I didn't want to take that chance.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who convinced him to do that.
Tom is trying not to get in trouble.
I didn't want to take any chances.
Tom couldn't do that by himself, so he asked Mary to help him.
Tom is too old to run for president.
I didn't want to go anywhere else.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was supposed to be there.
Tom is too exhausted to do that now.
I didn't want to get into trouble.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the grass, talking to each other.
Tom is too delirious to do that now.
I didn't want to do that that way.
Tom and Mary must've been tired when they got home last night.
Tom is thinking about what happened.
I didn't want anyone else to know.
Tom and I stayed behind to help Mary clean up after her party.
Tom is the son of a race car driver.
I didn't think you were in Boston.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do what needed to be done.
Tom is the owner of this restaurant.
I didn't think you should do that.
Tom and I couldn't agree on what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom is the only person who did that.
I didn't think I would be nervous.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom is the one who's lagging behind.
I didn't think I would be jealous.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't like Mary.
Tom is the one who knows what to do.
I didn't tell you the whole truth.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't know Mary.
Tom is the one who knows the answer.
I didn't take my umbrella with me.
I thought Tom might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom is the oldest of three children.
I didn't take an umbrella with me.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what to do.
Tom is the nicest kid I've ever met.
I didn't stay in Boston very long.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
Tom is the most qualified candidate.
I didn't say where I wanted to go.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom is the grandson of a coal miner.
I didn't say I'd do that, did you?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary used to be married to each other?
Tom is the best player on this team.
I didn't realize what I had to do.
Did you know Tom used to work at the same place Mary does now?
Tom is the best chess player I know.
I didn't realize I should do that.
You knew Tom was unlikely to ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom is the best banjo player I know.
I didn't realize I had to do that.
You didn't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that, did you?
Tom is the author of numerous books.
I didn't live in Boston last year.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't wearing black at John's funeral.
Tom is sure to be cut from the team.
I didn't know you used to do that.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is studying to become a teacher.
I didn't know which one to choose.
Tom wanted to stay longer, but Mary said they had to go home.
Tom is struggling to make ends meet.
I didn't know what was in the box.
Tom want Mary to know that he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom is still working as a bartender.
I didn't know what was being said.
Tom told me that he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom is still unpacking his suitcase.
I didn't know what should be done.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful from now on.
Tom is still considering doing that.
I didn't know what I needed to do.
Tom told Mary that he was quicker at doing that than she was.
Tom is recovering from neck surgery.
I didn't know that you'd be there.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was determined to do that.
Tom is probably not having much fun.
I didn't know I shouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was engaged to Alice.
Tom is pretty good at fixing things.
I didn't know I needed to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to quit his job and find another one.
Tom is only trying to get attention.
I didn't know I needed more money.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know that John can speak French.
Tom is only doing what he has to do.
I didn't intend to break the vase.
Tom should've been home at the time he told Mary he would be.
Tom is one person I'll never forget.
I didn't hear everything you said.
Tom should tell Mary that she should make herself a sandwich.
Tom is on his way back to Australia.
I didn't have to worry about that.
Tom should probably tell Mary why he doesn't want to do that.
Tom is old enough to know the truth.
I didn't have to work last Monday.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is more famous than his brother.
I didn't have to pay for anything.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he needed to do that.
Tom is married and has an adult son.
I didn't have to go to work today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she doesn't need to do that.
Tom is majoring in computer science.
I didn't have the guts to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she doesn't have to do that.
Tom is lucky he has so many friends.
I didn't have everything I needed.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she should ask to the party.
Tom is lucky he didn't get punished.
I didn't have anything else to do.
Tom says he forgot to remind Mary that she needed to do that.
Tom is lucky he didn't get arrested.
I didn't have anyone to play with.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom is looking for a second opinion.
I didn't have any other questions.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom is likely to still be skeptical.
I didn't have any help doing that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that next week.
Tom is likely to still be in Boston.
I didn't go to work all last week.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom is likely to still be depressed.
I didn't go to church last Sunday.
Tom said that was the first time he'd ever seen Mary do that.
Tom is likely to make some mistakes.
I didn't get a chance to even try.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom is likely to forget his promise.
I didn't find everything I needed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who needed to do that.
Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I didn't enjoy the play very much.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think you can do that by yourself.
Tom is like a kid himself sometimes.
I didn't do what I should've done.
Tom said that Mary doesn't think John can do that by himself.
Tom is intelligent and good-looking.
I didn't do any work at all today.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be possible.
Tom is in his first year at college.
I didn't come to school on Monday.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he was supposed to do that.
Tom is in a hurry because he's late.
I didn't come to school last week.
Tom said he'll ask Mary if she wants him to help her do that.
Tom is here to promote his new book.
I didn't come into work yesterday.
Tom said he wasn't planning to go to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom is going to Australia next week.
I didn't buy what I wanted to buy.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary had to do that or not.
Tom is going out to buy some things.
I didn't buy what I needed to buy.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom is getting to be such a big boy.
I didn't answer all the questions.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom is getting better at doing that.
I didn't agree with that decision.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom is expected to do that tomorrow.
I didn't actually want to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom is doing very well in Australia.
I didn't actually need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom is doing that outside right now.
I didn't actually have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom is doing that because he has to.
I did that the way you told me to.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom is determined to do that for us.
I did that for as long as I could.
Tom said he knew it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom is currently working at Harvard.
I definitely want to do that soon.
Tom said he knew Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom is currently based in Australia.
I couldn't go to Boston last year.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom is concealing something from us.
I could probably help you do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom is captain of the football team.
I could get injured if I did that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom is by far the smartest one here.
I caught the ball with both hands.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom is busy cleaning out the garage.
I can't do that without some help.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom is better than I was in college.
I can't come to Boston this month.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom is being treated at a burn unit.
I can't believe I really did that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom is as good a cook as his mother.
I can't afford to visit Australia.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy what Mary wanted.
Tom is an outstanding first baseman.
I can do that with my eyes closed.
Tom said Mary was likely to be very hungry when she got home.
Tom is an idiot and always has been.
I can do that better than you can.
Tom said Mary was likely to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is an extremely intelligent man.
I can both speak and write French.
Tom said Mary told him she was looking forward to doing that.
Tom is an elementary school student.
I can already do that fairly well.
Tom said Mary thought she might need to do that this morning.
Tom is an accountant at our company.
I came to Boston to look for work.
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that this morning.
Tom is always the first to get here.
I bought Christmas presents today.
Tom said Mary thought she might be required to do that today.
Tom is always the first to complain.
I bet it's pretty easy to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom is always late for appointments.
I believe you did the right thing.
Tom said Mary thought John might not need to do that anymore.
Tom is always free in the afternoon.
I believe that'll happen sometime.
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that anymore.
Tom is always asking dumb questions.
I almost didn't do that yesterday.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom is afraid to fly in an airplane.
How often do you use the Internet?
Tom said Mary knew she might need to do that with John today.
Tom is afraid that he might be late.
How often do you call your mother?
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that with John today.
Tom is afraid of getting sick again.
How often are you late for school?
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that three more times.
Tom is actually one of your cousins.
How many tickets do you have left?
Tom said Mary knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom is a writer who lives in Boston.
How many schools have you gone to?
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom is a very intelligent young man.
How many marshmallows did you buy?
Tom said Mary knew John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom is a very experienced announcer.
How many bars of soap did you buy?
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom is a really good friend of mine.
How long do you plan to live here?
Tom probably thought Mary was going to want to do that today.
Tom is a pretty good French teacher.
How long do you intend to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary has to do that or not.
Tom is a pretty good French speaker.
How long did you spend doing that?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom is a junior high school student.
How did you know which one to buy?
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John has told her to do.
Tom is a journalist based in Boston.
How did you know what I had to do?
Tom doesn't think that Mary would ever do that kind of thing.
Tom is a good person to have around.
How did you know I didn't do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary would try to do that without our help.
Tom is a good addition to our staff.
Have you ever been late for class?
Tom doesn't think Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is a freelance writer in Boston.
Have you decided to do that again?
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Boston with her.
Tom is a fairly good French speaker.
Gold is more precious than silver.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is intending to do that or not.
Tom is a doctor like his father was.
Everything seems to be working OK.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom is a doctor and also a novelist.
Even if you don't do that, I will.
Tom didn't think Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom is a coward and always has been.
Don't you want to do that with me?
Tom didn't think Mary would be busy, so he went to visit her.
Tom is a Canadian basketball player.
Don't you try to blame this on me.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that in less than three hours.
Tom immediately began playing again.
Don't you feel safe in your house?
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom hurt his left foot when he fell.
Don't waste your time watching TV.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want him there.
Tom hopes to return by late October.
Don't forget to water the flowers.
Tom didn't seem to be very interested in what Mary was doing.
Tom hopes to live in Boston someday.
Don't forget to do that again, OK?
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom hid himself behind a large rock.
Don't forget to close the windows.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom helps whoever asks him for help.
Don't forget to add a little salt.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom helps me out by singing harmony.
Don't do that until I tell you to.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him what Mary had done.
Tom hasn't told us what he might do.
Doing that wouldn't make me happy.
Tom didn't know why Mary wouldn't do what he asked her to do.
Tom hasn't said what he plans to do.
Doing that would probably be safe.
Tom didn't know whether Mary would be able to do that or not.
Tom hasn't responded to our request.
Doing that would be very romantic.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going for her summer vacation.
Tom hasn't been arrested or charged.
Doing that would be very reckless.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Tom has worked hard for his success.
Doing that would be really stupid.
Tom didn't know that Mary had intended to be there yesterday.
Tom has what seems like a good idea.
Doing that would be a big mistake.
Tom didn't know that I was the one who Mary chose to do that.
Tom has twice as much money as I do.
Doing that won't be very much fun.
Tom asked Mary why she needed to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom has told me not to do that here.
Doing that will be very dangerous.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom has told me he wants to do that.
Doing that probably won't be safe.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to Boston with John.
Tom has told me he needs to do that.
Doing that must be boring for you.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom has told me I shouldn't do that.
Doing that is likely to be tiring.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what hotel John wanted to stay at.
Tom has to take care of some things.
Doing that is likely to be boring.
Tom asked Mary if she knew the name of John's favorite movie.
Tom has to find some way to do that.
Doing that is bad for your health.
Tom and Mary don't hang out together as much as they used to.
Tom has to be the one who does that.
Doing that cost me a lot of money.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do what she needed to do.
Tom has to be in Boston next Monday.
Do you want us to do that for you?
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him he needed to do.
Tom has three handsome teenage sons.
Do you usually sleep on airplanes?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom has things he still needs to do.
Do you usually do that on Mondays?
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom has thee sons and two daughters.
Do you think you're a good driver?
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom has said he won't do that again.
Do you still feel like doing that?
Does Tom still go out with Mary every Monday like he used to?
Tom has proposed three alternatives.
Do you still eat out every Monday?
Did you know that Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
Tom has promised that he'll do that.
Do you still do that the same way?
You knew Tom wanted Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom has probably gotten home by now.
Do you still do that every Monday?
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom has plenty of friends in Boston.
Do you remember where we did that?
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom has only been on the job a week.
Do you remember when you did that?
Tom will probably tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom has never taken an acting class.
Do you own any property in Boston?
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary said he didn't need to.
Tom has never eaten with chopsticks.
Do you know whose shoes these are?
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary said he didn't have to.
Tom has never been good at baseball.
Do you know whose bicycle this is?
Tom told me that he's miserable here in Boston without Mary.
Tom has more books than he can read.
Do you know how to play the organ?
Tom told Mary that she's the one responsible for doing that.
Tom has made the same mistake twice.
Do you intend to do that tomorrow?
Tom told Mary that he was concerned about what might happen.
Tom has made some very wise choices.
Do you have time to do that today?
Tom told Mary that he thought her suggestion was reasonable.
Tom has lost interest in doing that.
Do you ever take an afternoon nap?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was motivated to do that.
Tom has lost at least thirty pounds.
Do you always do that by yourself?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was doing that right now.
Tom has lived there for three years.
Do most of your friends have pets?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was desperate to do that.
Tom has left that decision up to us.
Didn't you know you needed a visa?
Tom told Mary that he didn't know how to play the saxophone.
Tom has improved a bit this morning.
Didn't you know that would happen?
Tom thinks Mary would be afraid to walk home alone at night.
Tom has had three operations so far.
Did you enjoy your stay in Boston?
Tom seemed to be surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom has had a rough couple of years.
Did you eat anything this morning?
Tom seemed to be surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom has gotten better at doing that.
Could you please not do that here?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary wanted to do that.
Tom has forgotten to do that before.
Could I borrow a pair of scissors?
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary needed to do that.
Tom has done what he promised to do.
Can you play a musical instrument?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom has done that quite a few times.
Can anyone else here speak French?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom has done that many times before.
Both of us won't be busy tomorrow.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom has done that a number of times.
Both of my brothers were arrested.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom has done that a couple of times.
Boston is a good place to do that.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom has done a lot of stupid things.
Be sure to do that sometime today.
Tom says he can't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom has definitely been here before.
Are you going to do that tomorrow?
Tom said that wasn't the real reason Mary wanted to do that.
Tom has decided to quite doing that.
Are you going to Boston next week?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who liked doing that.
Tom has been told he should do that.
Are we still permitted to do that?
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who hated doing that.
Tom has been told he has to do that.
Are the police in Boston friendly?
Tom said that Mary thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom has been sleeping all afternoon.
Am I the only one who can do that?
Tom said he'd ask Mary if she wants him to help her do that.
Tom has been shot twice in the head.
"Whose book is this?" "It's mine."
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom has been rather busy these days.
Your sunglasses are on dashboard.
Tom said he wished he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom has been putting on some weight.
Your shirt has bloodstains on it.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom has been ordered not to do that.
Your mother will be proud of you.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary would do that or not.
Tom has been in jail more than once.
Your left eye is twitching again.
Tom said he was wondering whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom has been here many times before.
Your left arm seems to be broken.
Tom said he thought Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom has been here a year and a half.
Your handwriting is hard to read.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom has been helping me quite a lot.
Your father is younger than mine.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom has been doing that every night.
Your French is really quite good.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom has been caught cheating before.
Your French is excellent, really.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary has to do that until October.
Tom has been blamed for the problem.
You've never done that, have you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom has been around for a long time.
You've always been so nice to me.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom has been an outstanding manager.
You've always been so kind to me.
Tom said he didn't think Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom has been a very good role model.
You're wearing a wig, aren't you?
Tom said he didn't think Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom has been a really good customer.
You're the tallest person I know.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom has apparently changed his mind.
You're the smartest woman I know.
Tom said Mary would've done that by herself if she could've.
Tom has apologized for his comments.
You're the shortest woman I know.
Tom said Mary would probably still be in Boston next Monday.
Tom has an umbrella just like yours.
You're the right man for the job.
Tom said Mary thought she might not need to do that anymore.
Tom has always done the right thing.
You're the richest person I know.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that anymore.
Tom has also written several novels.
You're the reason I'm here today.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that.
Tom has already written three books.
You're the quietest woman I know.
Tom said Mary thought she might be allowed to do that today.
Tom has already promised to help us.
You're the only person I've told.
Tom said Mary thought he might want to do that this evening.
Tom has all his suits made to order.
You're the only one who did that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not need to do that tomorrow.
Tom has all but finished doing that.
You're one of our best customers.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom has agreed to meet me on Monday.
You're lucky you didn't get sick.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to get his visa renewed.
Tom has agreed not to do that again.
You're brushing your teeth wrong.
Tom said Mary thought he might be permitted to do that soon.
Tom has advised me to do that again.
You're a very good tennis player.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that by himself.
Tom has about as much money as I do.
You're a very good soccer player.
Tom said Mary thought John might not be required to do that.
Tom has a year left on his contract.
You're a reasonable guy, I think.
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that by himself.
Tom has a very strong French accent.
You're a little taller than I am.
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that by himself.
Tom has a restaurant on Park Street.
You're a good skater, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew she might not need to do that by herself.
Tom has a parrot that speaks French.
You're a firefighter, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that by herself.
Tom has a nice place in the country.
You're a dog breeder, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom has a good job and a nice house.
You're a clarinetist, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not need to do that this year.
Tom has a daughter living in Boston.
You're a bodybuilder, aren't you?
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that this year.
Tom has a brother and three sisters.
You're a billionaire, aren't you?
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John has to do that or not.
Tom hardly speaks any French at all.
You're a Red Sox fan, aren't you?
Tom probably thought Mary didn't know how to use chopsticks.
Tom had to go without food for days.
You'll try to do that, won't you?
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom had three sons and one daughter.
You'll get the chance to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't like his friends.
Tom had some help from other people.
You'll do that for me, won't you?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John hate each other.
Tom had red spots all over his body.
You'd better not do that anymore.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is a Canadian or not.
Tom had no objection to our leaving.
You won't do that here, will you?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can sing well or not.
Tom had no idea what should be done.
You told us you wouldn't do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can cook well or not.
Tom had no chance to win that fight.
You suggested that I not do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom had crush on the girl next door.
You still can't do that, can you?
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't know how to do that.
Tom had an opportunity to come back.
You should've refused to do that.
Tom knew it wasn't likely the first time Mary had done that.
Tom had an accident on his way home.
You should do that before dinner.
Tom isn't likely to be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom had already left when I arrived.
You should be allowed to do that.
Tom hollered to Mary who was on the other side of the creek.
Tom had a son who committed suicide.
You seem to be afraid to do that.
Tom has told Mary not to park her car in front of his house.
Tom had a hard time making a living.
You seem to be afraid of spiders.
Tom has already told Mary she won't be permitted to do that.
Tom had a cold, so he stayed in bed.
You seem to be a compulsive liar.
Tom doesn't think Mary can convince John to stop doing that.
Tom got what he deserved in the end.
You often read novels, don't you?
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know what to do.
Tom got home three hours after that.
You need to wait a little longer.
Tom didn't know where Mary was going to be in the afternoon.
Tom got home last night around nine.
You need to buy some new clothes.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to help John do that.
Tom got almost everything he wanted.
You need to be strong to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary had intended to do that yesterday.
Tom got almost everything he needed.
You must be desperate to do that.
Tom did everything he could to prevent Mary from doing that.
Tom gets up late on Sunday mornings.
You may need to do that tomorrow.
Tom claims he didn't know that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom generally does that around 2:30.
You may eat wherever you want to.
Tom and Mary are the ones who are supposed to be doing that.
Tom gave us money when we needed it.
You may eat whenever you want to.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom gave no reason for his decision.
You may eat whatever you want to.
I don't think Tom will be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom found several T-shirts he liked.
You may do that if you'd like to.
Didn't you know that Tom planning to go to Boston with Mary?
Tom found a job with a good company.
You may do that here if you want.
Didn't you know Tom was hoping to go to the dance with Mary?
Tom forged his boss's the signature.
You may do that any way you like.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
Tom first went to Australia in 2013.
You may as well do that tomorrow.
You knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom finally decided to go to Boston.
You loved doing that, didn't you?
You knew Tom told Mary he was going to do that, didn't you?
Tom figured he'd be able to do that.
You look like you've lost weight.
Tom wouldn't likely be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom fell in love with his therapist.
You look like you've been crying.
Tom won't likely tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom faces a mandatory life sentence.
You look like you're half asleep.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he'll do that for her.
Tom explained why we had to do that.
You look like you're a bit tired.
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom explained why he didn't do that.
You know who did that, don't you?
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't go to Boston with her.
Tom eventually will need to do that.
You knew I'd do that, didn't you?
Tom was hoping he could go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom eventually will have to do that.
You just need to be more patient.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he didn't know what to say.
Tom enjoyed fishing with his father.
You have to learn how to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that she had come to Boston.
Tom emptied the box of its contents.
You feel better today, don't you?
Tom told Mary that he was finished doing that by lunchtime.
Tom employs more than thirty people.
You don't really need to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was a pretty good dancer.
Tom earns just under $3,000 a month.
You don't really do that, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was hesitant to do that.
Tom earns his living as a guitarist.
You don't look like you're tired.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom earned his doctorate at Harvard.
You don't look like you're ready.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom doing that wouldn't be much fun.
You don't look like you're happy.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom doing that would be a good idea.
You don't look like you're angry.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him she had to do that.
Tom doesn't want to do that tonight.
You don't like cats much, do you?
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she needs to give that to.
Tom doesn't want to do that anymore.
You don't have to read that book.
Tom says he doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom doesn't want to be here anymore.
You don't always do that, do you?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't want children, but I do.
You do that every day, don't you?
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't pass her French test.
Tom doesn't think you would do that.
You definitely needed to do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go sailing with him.
Tom doesn't think we should do that.
You could've done that yesterday.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can do that by herself.
Tom doesn't think we did that right.
You could probably do that alone.
Tom said that Mary thought it would probably snow tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think he should do that.
You chose to do that, didn't you?
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be interesting.
Tom doesn't think he has to do that.
You can stay here if you want to.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be enough.
Tom doesn't think I know what to do.
Would you mind doing that for me?
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't think I have to do that.
Would you let me do that for you?
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she needed to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to want to be here.
Would you close the gate, please?
Tom said he wished he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to share that view.
Would you close the door, please?
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to like doing that.
Will you take a trip next summer?
Tom said he thought Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to do that anymore.
Will you stay in Boston all week?
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom doesn't really have much choice.
Will you come to school tomorrow?
Tom said he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't realize what he's doing.
Will you come here tomorrow, too?
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
Will you be in Boston in October?
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't look too happy, does he?
Why don't you do that more often?
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't like this kind of music.
Why didn't you do that yesterday?
Tom said he hoped Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom doesn't like that kind of stuff.
Why didn't you answer your phone?
Tom said he doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom doesn't know where he should be.
Why did you want to go to Boston?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't know what he has to buy.
Why did you need to go to Boston?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really has to do that again.
Tom doesn't know there's work to do.
Why did you have to go to Boston?
Tom said he didn't want to ever go fishing with Mary again.
Tom doesn't know how to play guitar.
Who told you I'd want to do that?
Tom said Mary will probably still be in Boston next Monday.
Tom doesn't keep his room very tidy.
Who told you I wanted to do that?
Tom said Mary wasn't the one responsible for what happened.
Tom doesn't intend to do that again.
Who told you I needed to do that?
Tom said Mary was trying to learn how to play the trombone.
Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
Who else came to Boston with you?
Tom said Mary was too out of shape to go mountain climbing.
Tom doesn't have any enemies at all.
Who doesn't do that occasionally?
Tom said Mary was likely to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom doesn't go to school by the bus.
Who does this umbrella belong to?
Tom said Mary was likely to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't expect to stay too long.
Which bicycle do you want to buy?
Tom said Mary was likely to be difficult to get along with.
Tom doesn't consider himself a hero.
When is the best time to do that?
Tom said Mary thought she might not be required to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to be getting up.
When do you have to be in Boston?
Tom said Mary thought she might need to do that by herself.
Tom doesn't always do that this way.
When did the children eat dinner?
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that by herself.
Tom does that the old fashioned way.
What's Australia most famous for?
Tom said Mary thought he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom does have some serious problems.
What time do you want to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that again.
Tom does have pretty good instincts.
What kind of weather do you like?
Tom said Mary thought John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom does do that, but not very well.
What kind of parties do you like?
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that on Monday.
Tom died without having made a will.
What do you want to do next week?
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that by himself.
Tom died three months ago in Boston.
What are some possible solutions?
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that until 2:30.
Tom died on the way to the hospital.
Were you drunk when you did that?
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom died on a cold night in October.
We've visited Boston a few times.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that until 2:30.
Tom died of a drug overdose in 2013.
We've had lots of fun doing that.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom died last year at the age of 30.
We're prohibited from doing that.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary not to do that.
Tom died in a small house in Boston.
We'll do that tomorrow, won't we?
Tom probably knows where Mary was the day before yesterday.
Tom died in Boston at the age of 30.
We weren't in Boston last summer.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom died in 2013 from heart disease.
We still can't afford to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John don't like him.
Tom didn't think you should do that.
We shouldn't have come to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary will do that or not.
Tom didn't testify during the trial.
We should've done that yesterday.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary was yesterday morning.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy doing that.
We should visit Boston next fall.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary is going next weekend.
Tom didn't seem to be unhappy today.
We often see monkeys around here.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary wants to do that again.
Tom didn't say he wanted to do that.
We need to get this done by 2:30.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom didn't know who he should trust.
We need to change more than that.
Tom knows he won't be able to do what Mary wants him to do.
Tom didn't know what was in the box.
We might go to Boston next month.
Tom is out on the porch trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom didn't know what should be done.
We just went to Boston last week.
Tom doesn't think Mary will have the time to do that today.
Tom didn't know how to open the box.
We just came to Boston last week.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom didn't know how long he'd slept.
We did that as a publicity stunt.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't know anything about that.
We cut the watermelon and ate it.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who'd do that.
Tom didn't intend to break the vase.
We can't ignore these complaints.
Tom doesn't think Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom didn't have to worry about that.
Very few people actually do that.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at doing that or not.
Tom didn't have any help doing that.
This time of year is always cold.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants him to put her suitcases.
Tom didn't have a chance to do that.
This time of year is always busy.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants him to plant the lettuce.
Tom didn't get everything he wanted.
This place looks like a cemetery.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what to do.
Tom didn't do what I told him to do.
This morning's meeting was short.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John to do that.
Tom didn't do that yesterday either.
This knife needs to be sharpened.
Tom didn't think Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom didn't actually want to do that.
This is a very comfortable chair.
Tom didn't think Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't actually need to do that.
This has been going on for years.
Tom didn't think Mary was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom didn't actually have to do that.
This cave was discovered in 2013.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at doing that or not.
Tom didn't actually do that himself.
This area is famous for its rice.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to help him do that.
Tom did whatever we asked him to do.
They'll come with their children.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Tom did whatever he felt like doing.
They live in different countries.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who wanted him to do that.
Tom did that while we were sleeping.
These lenses aren't scratchproof.
Tom deleted all the pictures he had of Mary from his phone.
Tom did that for two or three years.
These jeans are too small for me.
Tom asked Mary what she'd buy if she had a million dollars.
Tom did that because he was told to.
There's only one thing we can do.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was going to graduate.
Tom did a lot of really good things.
There's nothing to worried about.
Tom and Mary don't kiss each other as much as they used to.
Tom demanded that I do that for him.
There's no way I'll ever do that.
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what needed to be done.
Tom definitely deserved what he got.
There are now 300 employees here.
Tom admitted to Mary that he didn't know what he was doing.
Tom decided to study French instead.
There are no suspects in custody.
The only reason Tom did that was because Mary asked him to.
Tom decided to go to Boston instead.
The operation lasted three hours.
Maybe Tom would like to try talking Mary out of doing that.
Tom couldn't keep up with his class.
The competition was pretty rough.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom couldn't afford to see a doctor.
That's not who I want to talk to.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom could've been sentenced to life.
That's not who I need to talk to.
I think I heard Tom say that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom could try doing that by himself.
That's not who I have to talk to.
I should probably tell Tom I want him to help Mary do that.
Tom could never do that like you do.
That's not what I promised to do.
I don't think Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
Tom could go to jail for doing that.
Something might be going on here.
I didn't tell Tom how much the gift I bought for Mary cost.
Tom could do a lot of things for us.
Some rules may have to be broken.
I always thought Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
Tom could be tried for manslaughter.
Some people think I'm very fussy.
Didn't you know Tom makes more than double what Mary makes?
Tom could be immune to that disease.
Silver is much cheaper than gold.
Did you know Tom and Mary used to be married to each other?
Tom comes to see me once in a while.
Schools will be closed on Monday.
You knew Tom told Mary to ask John to do that, didn't you?
Tom claims that things have changed.
Please tell me about it tomorrow.
We've all come to Boston to attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
Tom claims he acted in self defense.
Please give me your phone number.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he won't go to Boston with her.
Tom claimed he had been brainwashed.
Please give me some orange juice.
Tom will probably tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom can't seem to control his anger.
Please don't do that by yourself.
Tom wasn't planning on doing that until Mary asked him to.
Tom can't have forgotten my address.
Please do that today if possible.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Tom can't have done that by himself.
People around here often do that.
Tom told Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
Tom can't do that without some help.
People around here don't do that.
Tom told Mary that she should be the first one to do that.
Tom can't do that better than I can.
Peaches are larger than apricots.
Tom told Mary that she should be helping John do that now.
Tom can't do anything right, can he?
Our wedding anniversary is today.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom can't be right about everything.
Our store will reopen in October.
Tom told Mary that he was the one who organized the party.
Tom can do that with his bare hands.
Our lives will never be the same.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was through doing that.
Tom can do that wherever he chooses.
Now's the time we should do that.
Tom told Mary that John was gone by the time he got there.
Tom can do that anywhere he chooses.
No two people look exactly alike.
Tom thought Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom came to school with a black eye.
No one will be home this evening.
Tom thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom came to Boston twice last month.
My wife's waiting for me at home.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom came in third place in the race.
My wife homeschools our children.
Tom thinks Mary is probably at the beach with her friends.
Tom came in just as I was going out.
My parents got married in Boston.
Tom should tell Mary to come back home as soon as she can.
Tom came down for breakfast at 6:30.
My parents died when I was three.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to find a higher-paying job.
Tom came back home three days later.
My parents aren't living anymore.
Tom should probably tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tom built a fence around his garden.
My parents are both still living.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom brushes his hair in the morning.
My house is just down the street.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he had to do that.
Tom bought that car three years ago.
My house doesn't have a basement.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him he needs to do that.
Tom bought every single one of them.
My hamster escaped from its cage.
Tom says he forgot to remind Mary that she had to do that.
Tom believes his son is still alive.
My girlfriend is older than I am.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom ate potato chips and drank beer.
My first wife was from Australia.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom asked the police for protection.
My first girlfriend was Canadian.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John would do that to Alice.
Tom asked me why I hadn't done that.
My car is a lot older than yours.
Tom saw you kissing Mary in the park a couple of days ago.
Tom asked me where my parents lived.
My car broke down on my way here.
Tom said that isn't the real reason Mary wants to do that.
Tom asked me when he should do that.
My bedroom is cleaner than yours.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Tom asked me not to do that anymore.
My French is gradually improving.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she ought to do that.
Tom asked me if I'd like to do that.
Mt. Fuji isn't visible from here.
Tom said he was hoping he and Mary could do that together.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that.
Mt. Fuji can't be seen from here.
Tom said he wanted to give Mary another chance to do that.
Tom asked for a glass of cold water.
Morning is a bad time to do that.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom arrived very early this morning.
Monday will likely be a cold day.
Tom said he thought Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom appears to be a friendly person.
Monday will likely be a busy day.
Tom said he thought Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom apologized to me for being late.
May I do that when I'm in Boston?
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom and I've started fighting again.
Mary is the tallest woman I know.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom and I've decided to get married.
Mary is the richest woman I know.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom and I've decided not to do that.
Mary is the perfect woman for me.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom and I've been seeing each other.
Mary hasn't always had long hair.
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom and I've always lived in Boston.
Let's wait until 2:30 to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom and I'll get married in October.
Let's sit in the back of the bus.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom and I'll be doing that together.
Let's not go to Boston this year.
Tom said he hoped Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom and I work really well together.
Let's have supper on the veranda.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom and I work for the same company.
Let me show you how to get there.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really did that by herself.
Tom and I were meant to be together.
It's way too late to do that now.
Tom said he didn't want me to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom and I went to the park together.
It's time to stop fooling around.
Tom said he didn't want me to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom and I went to the mall together.
It's really very easy to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to do that today.
Tom and I wear each other's clothes.
It's little too early to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom and I walked to school together.
It's hot and humid now in Boston.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom and I walked back home together.
It'll probably be fun to do that.
Tom said Mary was the only one who got here on time today.
Tom and I used to hang out together.
It wouldn't be simple to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be reluctant to do that.
Tom and I took turns standing guard.
It would've been wise to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be motivated to do that.
Tom and I talked about the election.
It would've been safe to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that again.
Tom and I talked about our children.
It would've been easy to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and I seldom talk to each other.
It would be too risky to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might want to do that by himself.
Tom and I sat together on the train.
It would be smart to do that now.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be required to do that.
Tom and I sat together on the bench.
It would be smart not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to do that by himself.
Tom and I sat on the bench together.
It would be safer not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that by himself.
Tom and I played tennis all morning.
It would be expensive to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom and I often take walks together.
It won't be very easy to do that.
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that without some help.
Tom and I often go cycling together.
It was yesterday that I did that.
Tom said Mary needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom and I often eat dinner together.
It sounds like I need to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and I need to paint their house.
It should be OK to do that today.
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that again today.
Tom and I moved to Boston last fall.
It seems that we have to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't the one responsible for what happened.
Tom and I love each other very much.
It seems stupid to me to do that.
Tom said Mary is very hungry every day when she gets home.
Tom and I killed time playing cards.
It doesn't look like you're sick.
Tom said Mary is probably still troubled by what happened.
Tom and I haven't changed our minds.
It doesn't look like you're done.
Tom probably won't be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom and I have never been on a date.
Is there any water in the bucket?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom and I have different priorities.
Is there any salad dressing left?
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
Tom and I have a three-year-old son.
Is there a faster way to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom and I have a great relationship.
Is there a better way to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom and I had a lot of time to talk.
Is it true that you hate parties?
Tom parked his car in the vacant lot next to Mary's house.
Tom and I had a great time together.
If you have time, please do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he'd never been married.
Tom and I got here at the same time.
If it doesn't rain, I'll do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't understand French.
Tom and I frequently study together.
I've seen that movie three times.
Tom is probably the only person who can help Mary do that.
Tom and I don't have much in common.
I've seen that happen many times.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John wants her to do.
Tom and I don't get along very well.
I've never considered doing that.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John tells her to do.
Tom and I didn't look at each other.
I've lost interest in doing that.
Tom has already told Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
Tom and I did what we could to help.
I've done everything I had to do.
Tom doesn't think we can trust Mary as much as we used to.
Tom and I did our homework together.
I've decided to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be drunk at this time of day.
Tom and I became friends right away.
I've been told not do that again.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom and I aren't particularly close.
I've been swimming all afternoon.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom and I are still studying French.
I've been ordered not to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom and I are related to each other.
I've been asked to give a speech.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is going to be this afternoon.
Tom and I are now dating each other.
I've been asked to do that again.
Tom didn't think Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and I are both going to do that.
I've always lived on Park Street.
Tom didn't think Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom and I answered at the same time.
I'm too drunk to be of much help.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom and I almost never eat together.
I'm the tallest boy in the class.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wanted to be alone.
Tom always seems to be enthusiastic.
I'm the tallest boy in our class.
Tom didn't seem to understand what Mary was talking about.
Tom always gets everything he wants.
I'm the only person who did that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted him to do that or not.
Tom always does that in the evening.
I'm the one who broke the window.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to put her suitcase.
Tom agreed there was no easy answer.
I'm sure I don't have to do that.
Tom didn't believe that Mary would do something like that.
Tom admitted he had help doing that.
I'm supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who asked him to do that.
Tom admits the system isn't perfect.
I'm still not very good at chess.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket to buy some bread.
Tom actually didn't want to do that.
I'm still considering doing that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what John's favorite movie was.
Tom, however, has never been there.
I'm reluctant to do that for you.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that on his own.
Tom's spoken French is pretty good.
I'm positive that that'll happen.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that by himself.
Tom's shirt was stained with blood.
I'm planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what she needed to do.
Tom's office looks a lot like mine.
I'm not supposed to do that here.
Tom and I didn't know each other until Mary introduced us.
Tom's not old enough to live alone.
I'm not living in Boston anymore.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary do what she had to do.
Tom's mother told him to come home.
I'm not as old as you think I am.
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole Mary's jewelry.
Tom's last year in Boston was 2013.
I'm miserable whenever I do that.
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom's house is near where he works.
I'm in the construction business.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him he had to do.
Tom's house burned down last night.
I'm glad I don't need to do that.
Tom accused Mary of stealing money from the cash register.
Tom's first teacher was his mother.
I'm glad I don't have to do that.
Please tell Tom he shouldn't do that until Mary gets here.
Tom's first novel came out in 2013.
I'm busy now, so I can't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom's explanation was enlightening.
I'm about the same height as you.
I've never told Tom exactly how Mary and I met each other.
Tom's business is doing quite well.
I'll put the flowers in the vase.
I told Tom I thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom's brothers are still in Boston.
I'll never permit you to do that.
I think Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom's advice often isn't very good.
I'll do that in a couple of days.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom wouldn't have done it that way.
I'll do that as quickly as I can.
I don't know whether Tom is younger or older than Mary is.
Tom would never do that by himself.
I'll definitely do that tomorrow.
I didn't really feel like going camping with Tom and Mary.
Tom would never ask you to do that.
I'll be glad to buy that for you.
I asked Tom all the same questions that Mary had asked me.
Tom would like you to do that, too.
I'll be finished doing that soon.
You didn't realize Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
Tom would get depressed doing that.
I'd stay in Boston if I were you.
Tom wouldn't likely be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom would be a fool not to do that.
I'd rather not do that by myself.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom worked in Boston all last week.
I'd like to see somebody do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to find another job.
Tom worked here until October 2013.
I'd like to say yes, but I can't.
Tom will probably tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom worked hard writing his speech.
I'd like to come over after work.
Tom was to be surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom won't listen to anything I say.
I'd better go to Boston with you.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to tie a square knot.
Tom won't likely refuse to do that.
I'd be happy to teach you French.
Tom told me he was very surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom won't likely be very organized.
I'd be happy to buy that for you.
Tom told Mary that she's faster at doing that than he is.
Tom won't likely be home on Monday.
I wouldn't want to do that again.
Tom told Mary that she should be the next one to do that.
Tom won't likely be here on Monday.
I wonder if it's safe to do that.
Tom told Mary that she should be the last one to do that.
Tom won't likely be doing that now.
I wonder if it's safe to be here.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was home every Monday.
Tom won't likely be afraid of that.
I won't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disorganized.
Tom won't have to do that tomorrow.
I won't have a chance to do that.
Tom told Mary that John would have to do that by himself.
Tom won't do what he says he'll do.
I won't do that until I get home.
Tom thinks Mary would've come if someone had invited her.
Tom won't be up this late at night.
I wish I'd remembered to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom won't be in Boston next Monday.
I wish I'd known about the party.
Tom thinks Mary will be able to convince John to do that.
Tom won't be in Boston much longer.
I wish I were better at swimming.
Tom swept the room with the new broom Mary had given him.
Tom won't be able to do that again.
I wish I had done that yesterday.
Tom should try not to say anything that'll make Mary mad.
Tom will wait as long as he has to.
I wish I could understand French.
Tom should try not to say anything that'll make Mary cry.
Tom will stay here for three weeks.
I wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom should tell Mary that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom will probably be here tomorrow.
I wasn't in my room at that time.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to look out the window.
Tom will probably be busy tomorrow.
I wasn't brave enough to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forgot her umbrella.
Tom will probably agree to do that.
I was kidnapped when I was three.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to forget her umbrella.
Tom will likely be absent tomorrow.
I was in Boston on Christmas Day.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't want to do that.
Tom will go to Australia next week.
I was going to work here all day.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't need to do that.
Tom will get the chance to do that.
I was going to do that yesterday.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't have to do that.
Tom will figure out how to do that.
I was going to do that by myself.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom will be glad he didn't do that.
I was asked not to do that again.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom went back to Australia in 2013.
I was annoyed by the loud noises.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him where Mary had gone.
Tom wasn't ready to do that either.
I wanted to go swimming with you.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him Mary had to do that.
Tom wasn't punished for doing that.
I want to talk about the project.
Tom says if he does that, Mary will probably yell at him.
Tom wasn't killed in the explosion.
I want to take a picture of that.
Tom says he understands why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom wasn't being forced to do that.
I want to rent a house in Boston.
Tom says he knows Mary won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom was very courageous to do that.
I want to live in Boston someday.
Tom says he knows Mary will want to go to Boston with us.
Tom was too embarrassed to do that.
I want to know why that happened.
Tom says he knows Mary could do that if she tried harder.
Tom was told to do that by himself.
I want to know what you're doing.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she doesn't need to do that.
Tom was the only adult in the room.
I want to get a driver's license.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she doesn't have to do that.
Tom was the last person to do that.
I want to draw something for you.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom was the first one to be chosen.
I want to do that tomorrow night.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that.
Tom was taken care of by his uncle.
I want to buy some new furniture.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that.
Tom was swimming all day yesterday.
I want to become rich and famous.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to help John do that.
Tom was sitting near the window.
I want to become a tattoo artist.
Tom says he didn't know Mary needed to help John do that.
Tom was present at today's meeting.
I used to be a volunteer fireman.
Tom said that Mary thought the judge's decision was fair.
Tom was my first saxophone teacher.
I try to always keep my promises.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom was more than three hours late.
I told you never to call me here.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be safe.
Tom was in Boston last Monday, too.
I told the team I wanted to quit.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be easy.
Tom was helping out in the kitchen.
I thought you were still married.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom was going to do that yesterday.
I thought you didn't play tennis.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom was doing that when I got home.
I thought it was safe to do that.
Tom said he wished Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom was born on October 20th, 2013.
I thought I'd go doing that, too.
Tom said he was talking to Mary when the lights went out.
Tom was afraid to go into the cave.
I thought I was going to be late.
Tom said he understands why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom was able to do that on his own.
I thought I was down with a cold.
Tom said he thought Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom was a little late to the party.
I think you're afraid to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom wants to be at today's meeting.
I think we'll be able to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom wanted to learn how to do that.
I think we don't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom volunteered to help me do that.
I think it'll rain all day today.
Tom said he regretted that he couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom usually drinks beer at parties.
I think it'll be safe to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom usually buys expensive clothes.
I think doing that would be safe.
Tom said he knew Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom understands French fairly well.
I think I could help you do that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom tried to talk, but he couldn't.
I still haven't done my homework.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom told us he would do that again.
I still have to pack my suitcase.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom told the team he wants to quit.
I still have to do that, don't I?
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom told me you could speak French.
I still go to Boston every month.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom told me that he'd be back soon.
I slept on a cot in the basement.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he was frightened.
I shouldn't have even been there.
Tom said Mary was likely to be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom told me that I'm overconfident.
I should've shopped around a bit.
Tom said Mary was likely to be troubled by what happened.
Tom told me not to do that anymore.
I should've done that last night.
Tom said Mary was likely to be through doing that by now.
Tom told me never to do that again.
I should've been at that meeting.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that today.
Tom told me he'll do that tomorrow.
I should've been able to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom told me he won't do that again.
I should really buy one of those.
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that.
Tom told me he was teaching French.
I should go to Boston next month.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have stayed at the party so long.
Tom told me he was studying French.
I should do something about that.
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that without his help.
Tom told me he knew how to do that.
I should at least try to do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that.
Tom told me he intended to do that.
I seldom have to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he might be required to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't teach French.
I saw three elephants at the zoo.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that by himself.
Tom told me he didn't study French.
I said I'd be willing to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be required to do that.
Tom told me he didn't speak French.
I really, really want to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might need to do that by himself.
Tom told himself that he should go.
I plan to teach French next year.
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that by himself.
Tom thought it would be a long war.
I plan to study French next year.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John can do that or not.
Tom thought he should study French.
I plan to live in Boston someday.
Tom said Mary is probably still interested in doing that.
Tom thought he had to study French.
I plan to be in Boston all month.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that by himself.
Tom thought he had to speak French.
I ought to go to Boston with you.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary called the police.
Tom thinks you should study French.
I only saw one person doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary and John broke up.
Tom thinks whales are worth saving.
I never should've gone to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary would want to do that.
Tom thinks he can probably do that.
I never should've come to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants John to do that.
Tom thinks I have to do that today.
I never said that I wanted to go.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary dropped out of school.
Tom thinks I don't know what to do.
I never said I wanted to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary likes dogs or not.
Tom thinks I don't have to do that.
I never do that unless I have to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is thirsty or not.
Tom taught me a new way to do that.
I need to go to Boston next week.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary would like him to do.
Tom talked about what had happened.
I need to find someplace to live.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom takes care of me when I'm sick.
I need to do that sometime today.
Tom let Mary know that he didn't like her.
Tom suggested we visit that museum.
I need a special tool to do that.
Tom is the only one who seems to know why Mary was there.
Tom suggested we leave immediately.
I might work in Boston next year.
Tom is the only boy in the class who thinks Mary is cute.
Tom suggested that we take a break.
I may not go to Boston next week.
Tom is sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Tom suggested that we study French.
I looked for my name on the list.
Tom is going to take care of Mary's dog while she's away.
Tom suggested that we speak French.
I looked around the waiting room.
Tom hopes Mary knows she has do what John asks her to do.
I live in a very small apartment.
Tom hoped Mary would be well enough to come to his party.
Tom studied French for a long time.
I know you want to do that today.
Tom has already told Mary how much the tickets will cost.
Tom studied French for a few years.
I know you need to do that today.
Tom has already told Mary he doesn't want her to do that.
Tom studied French a long time ago.
I know you have to do that today.
Tom has already told Mary he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom strongly advised me to do that.
I know why you wanted to do that.
Tom got a book down from the shelf and handed it to Mary.
Tom stood up and walked to the bar.
I know why you needed to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom still wants to do that someday.
I know why I should've done that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be surprised if he did that.
Tom still sometimes studies French.
I know where the money is hidden.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom still says he doesn't blame me.
I know what you need to do today.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom still isn't very good at chess.
I know what you have to do today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John don't like each other.
Tom still hasn't weeded the garden.
I know what I've got to do today.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at swimming or not.
Tom still hasn't gotten out of bed.
I know we've got to keep working.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom still hasn't done that, has he?
I know we're running out of time.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will need to do that.
Tom still has to finish doing that.
I know this is a tough situation.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will have to do that.
Tom still doesn't do that, does he?
I know that you're uncomfortable.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom stayed at home with his family.
I know that you were unimpressed.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom started his first band in 2013.
I know that what I did was wrong.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that this afternoon.
Tom spent the whole day doing that.
I know that I'm ready to do that.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom spent several months in Boston.
I know exactly what I need to do.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom spent much of his time reading.
I know I've got to do that today.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary needed to do that.
Tom spent a lot of time doing that.
I know I was supposed to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at swimming or not.
Tom spends a lot of money on shoes.
I know I shouldn't do that alone.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was going to do that or not.
Tom sometimes eats lunch here, too.
I know I shouldn't do that again.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to plant the roses.
Tom slammed his fists on the table.
I know I don't have long to live.
Tom did everything he could to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom simply wouldn't have done that.
I know I don't have enough money.
Tom denied that he was the one who asked Mary to do that.
Tom shows no signs of slowing down.
I know I can always count on you.
Tom denied that Mary was the one who told him to do that.
Tom showed me a new way to do that.
I knew I was supposed to do that.
Tom could tell that Mary didn't think it was a good idea.
Tom showed an interest in the book.
I hope we didn't break any rules.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John had graduated from.
Tom shoveled the snow off the roof.
I hope to live in Boston someday.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John was going to arrive.
Tom shouldn't have risked his life.
I hope to be in Boston next week.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of music John liked.
Tom shouldn't have gotten involved.
I hope it isn't raining tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to do that this week.
Tom should've understood the rules.
I heard children playing outside.
Tom and Mary have known each other for about three years.
Tom should've shopped around a bit.
I haven't spoken French in years.
Tom and Mary don't sing together as much as they used to.
Tom should've never gone to Boston.
I have visited Boston many times.
Tom advised Mary to take the money she was being offered.
Tom should've never come to Boston.
I have to do that sometime today.
Tom advised Mary not to waste her time trying to do that.
Tom should've gone a long time ago.
I have to be in Boston on Monday.
Maybe Tom would like to try talking Mary into doing that.
Tom should've done that last night.
I have time to do that this week.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom should've done that by himself.
I have time to do that right now.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be ready if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom should've been in the hospital.
I have three cats and three dogs.
I don't think Tom really enjoys playing tennis with Mary.
Tom should've been fired years ago.
I had no idea I was being conned.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom should've been at that meeting.
I got really tired of doing that.
Does Tom still play chess with Mary every Monday evening?
Tom should've been able to do that.
I found it impossible to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary often do that together?
Tom should be motivated to do that.
I filled both glasses with water.
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom should at least try to do that.
I figured I'd be able to do that.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted him to put her suitcases.
Tom set the tray down on the table.
I felt like doing that yesterday.
Tom won't likely tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom seldom gives his wife presents.
I fell asleep in front of the TV.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom seldom forgets to pay his rent.
I feel like doing that right now.
Tom will probably tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tom seems to want to do that today.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play the G chord.
Tom seems to enjoy teaching French.
I don't want to work as a waiter.
Tom warned Mary what would happen if she didn't do that.
Tom seems to enjoy studying French.
I don't want to wear any jewelry.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom seems to enjoy speaking French.
I don't want to take that chance.
Tom told Mary to stop doing that, but she did it anyway.
Tom seems to be willing to do that.
I don't want to help you do that.
Tom told Mary that she should try to do that by herself.
Tom seems to be feeling frustrated.
I don't want to go anywhere else.
Tom told Mary that she needed to quit being so stubborn.
Tom seems aware of what's going on.
I don't want to do that with you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was engaged to Alice.
Tom seemed to be unhappy yesterday.
I don't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he thought John could likely do that.
Tom seemed to be afraid to do that.
I don't want to do that that way.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was intelligent.
Tom seemed to be a really good guy.
I don't want to borrow any money.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was incompetent.
Tom seemed to be a nice enough guy.
I don't want anyone else to know.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was hardworking.
Tom seemed like an intelligent man.
I don't visit my parents anymore.
Tom told Mary that John was difficult to get along with.
Tom says this will be his last try.
I don't usually watch war movies.
Tom thought it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom says there's nothing he can do.
I don't think I'll do that again.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be busy in the morning.
Tom says that's his favorite store.
I don't think I'll be doing that.
Tom thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom says that's his favorite movie.
I don't think I need a bodyguard.
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't know that John can do that.
Tom says that he's good at cooking.
I don't really understand French.
Tom thinks Mary won't be busy after 2:30 this afternoon.
Tom says that he'd like to do that.
I don't really care what you buy.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom says that doesn't surprise him.
I don't play baseball very often.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom says it's up to you to do that.
I don't often wear a tie anymore.
Tom shouldn't have tried doing that without Mary's help.
Tom says it didn't happen that way.
I don't often do that in October.
Tom should tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom says his goals haven't changed.
I don't object to you doing that.
Tom should tell Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom says he's tired of watching TV.
I don't need to worry about that.
Tom should tell Mary he'd never do anything to hurt her.
Tom says he plays the drums well.
I don't need to work next Monday.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she needs to do that.
Tom says he's not enjoying himself.
I don't need to know the details.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't have to do that.
Tom says he's never studied French.
I don't need to go to work today.
Tom should probably not tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom says he's done that many times.
I don't need to do anything else.
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom says he'll do what he needs to.
I don't need to be here tomorrow.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's going to do that.
Tom says he'll come to Boston soon.
I don't need any more volunteers.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom says he'd like to study French.
I don't need any help doing that.
Tom set the table while Mary was in the kitchen cooking.
Tom says he won't do that tomorrow.
I don't mind buying that for you.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom says he won't buy that for you.
I don't like the way you do that.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want him there.
Tom says he was abducted by aliens.
I don't like playing video games.
Tom says that he'll study French with Mary this evening.
Tom says he wants to build a house.
I don't like driving in the rain.
Tom says he knows Mary won't have to do that by herself.
Tom says he thinks it's impossible.
I don't know who baked this cake.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him he should do that.
Tom says he spoke without thinking.
I don't know much about baseball.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him he has to do that.
Tom says he spoke French last week.
I don't know if I'll come or not.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to give the package to.
Tom says he needs another computer.
I don't know how to write poetry.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't say she wants to do that.
Tom says he needed to study French.
I don't know how much it'll cost.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't say she needs to do that.
Tom says he knows why you did that.
I don't know everyone's name yet.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom says he hopes that you do that.
I don't know anyone who can help.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom says he enjoys teaching French.
I don't know a lot about animals.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom says he enjoys studying French.
I don't have very much free time.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom says he enjoys speaking French.
I don't have to worry about that.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary wants to do that with.
Tom says he doesn't have insurance.
I don't have to work next Monday.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would eventually leave him.
Tom says he didn't want to do that.
I don't have to do anything else.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John would do that to Alice.
Tom says he didn't need to do that.
I don't have to be here tomorrow.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John would do that to you.
Tom says he didn't have to do that.
I don't have the time to do that.
Tom said there wasn't anything he could do to help Mary.
Tom says he did that for the money.
I don't have the guts to do that.
Tom said that Mary wanted to borrow some money from him.
Tom says he can't stand doing that.
I don't have much longer to live.
Tom said it wouldn't be any trouble to do that for Mary.
Tom says he can do that by himself.
I don't have any books in French.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she should do that.
Tom says Boston is really cold now.
I don't have a say in the matter.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary she had to do that.
Tom sat there with his eyes closed.
I don't expect to stay very long.
Tom said it was him who should show Mary how to do that.
Tom sat there with his arms folded.
I don't ever want to get married.
Tom said he wished Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said we had to start somewhere.
I don't ever come here by myself.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said there's nothing he can do.
I don't enjoy doing that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said the timing was just right.
I don't do that very well, did I?
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said the mission was too risky.
I don't do that unless I have to.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said the explosion woke him up.
I don't care how expensive it is.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said the concert was a success.
I don't actually want to do that.
Tom said he sees Mary waiting for the bus every morning.
Tom said that's not what he wanted.
I don't actually need to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said that's his favorite store.
I don't actually have to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that we should be careful.
I do hope you'll come back again.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he'd like to do that.
I didn't want to wait any longer.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to do that.
I didn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he wanted some money.
I didn't want to talk about work.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he needed some money.
I didn't want to talk about that.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said that he grew up in Boston.
I didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom said he didn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said some men had attacked him.
I didn't want to speak in French.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said people just need to relax.
I didn't want to leave the house.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said no injuries were reported.
I didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said no decision had been made.
I didn't want to go there by bus.
Tom said Mary was told not to try to do that by herself.
Tom said it didn't happen that way.
I didn't want to go back to jail.
Tom said Mary was the one responsible for what happened.
Tom said his team would likely win.
I didn't want to get up so early.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be willing to do that.
Tom said his schedule would change.
I didn't want to do that tonight.
Tom said Mary was likely to be the first one to do that.
Tom said his license was suspended.
I didn't want to come here today.
Tom said Mary was likely to be interested in doing that.
Tom said his goals haven't changed.
Tom said Mary was likely to be finished doing that by now.
Tom said he's taught French before.
I didn't think you'd be so early.
Tom said Mary thought she might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he's reluctant to do that.
I didn't think you'd be punctual.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that.
Tom said he's never studied French.
I didn't think you would do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be required to do that.
Tom said he's never driven a truck.
I didn't think you could do that.
Tom said Mary knew she might need to do that by herself.
Tom said he's never been to Boston.
I didn't think I'd be handcuffed.
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that on her own.
Tom said he's motivated to do that.
I didn't think I would be scared.
Tom said Mary knew she might have to do that by herself.
Tom said he's desperate to do that.
I didn't think I would be lonely.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he's confident of success.
I didn't take very many pictures.
Tom said Mary knew John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he's been very happy here.
I didn't study at all last night.
Tom said Mary has been here at least three times before.
Tom said he's been told to do that.
I didn't see anyone I recognized.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that for Alice.
Tom said he's been arrested before.
I didn't really know what to say.
Tom probably knew before we did that Mary would do that.
Tom said he's always been athletic.
I didn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he'd be afraid to do that.
I didn't realize how lucky I was.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom said he wouldn't do that today.
I didn't practice much last week.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom said he would do that tomorrow.
I didn't need to go there myself.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John are arguing.
Tom said he won't agree to do that.
I didn't mean to say what I said.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is sleepy or not.
Tom said he wished he'd eaten more.
I didn't make it home last night.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is hungry or not.
Tom said he wasn't having much fun.
I didn't like living in the city.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can drive or not.
Tom said he was willing to help us.
I didn't know who I should trust.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary thinks he should do.
Tom said he was too young to drive.
I didn't know which road to take.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said he was too young to drink.
I didn't know the gun was loaded.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't have a driver's license.
Tom said he was too shy to do that.
I didn't have to stay, but I did.
Tom is still playing chess with Mary in the dining room.
Tom said he was too old to do that.
I didn't have to help, but I did.
Tom is hoping he can go to Boston with Mary next summer.
Tom said he was sick of doing that.
I didn't have to get up so early.
Tom has already told Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom said he was enjoying the party.
I didn't have time for breakfast.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom said he wants to join our band.
I didn't have any fun doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom said he wants to be a mechanic.
I didn't go to any classes today.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom said he wanted to write a book.
I didn't get tired of doing that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
Tom said he wanted to study French.
I didn't get paid for doing that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he wanted to be a teacher.
I didn't get everything I wanted.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he wanted to be a dentist.
I didn't get everything I needed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be cooperative, but she was.
Tom said he tries to be optimistic.
I didn't get anything done today.
Tom didn't tell Mary that she needed to be more careful.
Tom said he thought I looked happy.
I didn't get a chance to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he thought I looked bored.
I didn't feel much like studying.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he regretted the decision.
I didn't expect to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom said he regrets not doing that.
I didn't expect a surprise party.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he now regrets doing that.
I didn't eat any more than usual.
Tom didn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom said he needed to study French.
I didn't do well on today's test.
Tom didn't know if Mary would be able to do that or not.
Tom said he needed to get some air.
I didn't do anything for a while.
Tom didn't know Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew what was going on.
I didn't complain about anything.
Tom did everything he thought Mary would want him to do.
Tom said he knew it was time to go.
I didn't buy everything I wanted.
Tom denied that he was the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom said he isn't going to help us.
I didn't buy everything I needed.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had been in Boston.
Tom said he hoped he could do that.
I didn't actually do that myself.
Tom asked Mary if she knew what kind of food John liked.
Tom said he has to call the police.
I did what I thought I should do.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what color carpet to buy.
Tom said he had trouble doing that.
I did that until I was exhausted.
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what had to be done.
Tom said he had to call the police.
I did that the way you suggested.
Tom advised Mary to come back home as soon as she could.
Tom said he had three dogs at home.
I did that for a while yesterday.
Tom admitted to Mary that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he had a surprise for you.
I did everything I could to help.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom said he felt he had to do that.
I couldn't have done that better.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone.
Tom said he enjoys teaching French.
I could come to Boston next week.
I told Tom that I thought Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said he enjoys studying French.
I can help you if you want me to.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what to do.
Tom said he didn't want to help us.
I can do that with my bare hands.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't want me to sing.
I brought you something to drink.
I didn't know that Tom would be here until Mary told me.
Tom said he didn't like doing that.
I broke my arm trying to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to do that with Mary?
Tom said he didn't feel threatened.
I attempted to do that yesterday.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were married to each other?
Tom said he didn't do that anymore.
I already know what I have to do.
Are you sure Tom didn't know Mary wasn't having any fun?
Tom said he couldn't do that today.
How should I go about doing that?
You knew that Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom said he could probably do that.
How often do you play basketball?
You knew Tom told Mary he couldn't do that, didn't you?
Tom said I should be there by 2:30.
How many girls are in your class?
Tom wouldn't have done that if Mary hadn't told him to.
Tom said I had to be there by 2:30.
How long will it take to do that?
Tom would've never done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom said I didn't sound optimistic.
How long does it take to do that?
Tom would've been late if Mary hadn't given him a ride.
Tom runs the business with his son.
How far is the station from here?
Tom won't likely be any faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom rubbed his eyes with his hands.
How do you usually get to Boston?
Tom will probably tell Mary not to look out the window.
Tom refused the food I offered him.
How did you learn how to do that?
Tom will likely be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom recommended that I not do that.
Have you ever owned a motorcycle?
Tom wasn't the one who advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom recently earned his law degree.
Even I don't know how to do that.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he wouldn't do that.
Tom received his doctorate in 2013.
Even I can speak a little French.
Tom told me yesterday that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom really enjoyed being a teacher.
Don't you want to come to Boston?
Tom told Mary that he would have to do that by himself.
Tom really doesn't want to do that.
Don't try to do that by yourself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was too old for her.
Tom really doesn't need to do that.
Don't let them cut your hair off.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in the basement.
Tom really doesn't have to do that.
Don't forget to fill up the tank.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was being sarcastic.
Tom rarely gives his wife presents.
Don't forget to check your tires.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was prejudiced.
Tom ran out of gas on his way here.
Doing that would probably be fun.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was aggressive.
Tom quit school for health reasons.
Doing that would be a lot of fun.
Tom told Mary it would be dangerous for her to do that.
Tom put the tray down on the table.
Doing that will probably be easy.
Tom thinks Mary won't be gone by the time we get there.
Tom put the book down on the table.
Doing that should be very simple.
Tom thinks Mary will be drunk by the time he gets home.
Tom pronounces my name incorrectly.
Doing that probably won't be fun.
Tom still has no idea why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom promised to go get that for me.
Doing that doesn't make me happy.
Tom started jokingly referring to Mary as his fiance.
Tom promised me he'd clean my room.
Do you think you get paid enough?
Tom shoved the letter he got from Mary into his pocket.
Tom promised he'd do that tomorrow.
Do you think we can do that here?
Tom shouldn't have done that without Mary's permission.
Tom promised he won't do that here.
Do you think it's fun to do that?
Tom should've been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom probably won't need to do that.
Do you think it'll snow tomorrow?
Tom should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
Tom probably won't have to do that.
Do you often buy lottery tickets?
Tom should probably tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom probably won't be back by 2:30.
Do you need to go to Boston, too?
Tom should probably tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom probably isn't married anymore.
Do you know where you need to go?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's going to Boston.
Tom practices the violin every day.
Do you know how to keep a secret?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he doesn't like John.
Tom plays the saxophone quite well.
Do you know how to change a tire?
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary didn't want him there.
Tom plays the drums and also sings.
Do you know anyone who does that?
Tom says he knows Mary will have to do that on her own.
Tom plans to do better from now on.
Do you always do that on Mondays?
Tom says he knows Mary will eventually want to do that.
Tom plans to attend medical school.
Do we really have to do that now?
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Tom passed away in October of 2013.
Do any of your friends have pets?
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she ought to do that.
Tom only does that when he's drunk.
Didn't you know I had to do that?
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she needs to do that.
Tom often lets me use his computer.
Did you do that without any help?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom often forgets to lock the door.
Could you explain it to me again?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom often complains about the food.
Carrots grow extremely well here.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom never should've gone to Boston.
Both of us don't want to do that.
Tom says he doesn't care whether Mary does that or not.
Tom never should've come to Boston.
Are you still willing to do that?
Tom says he and Mary almost always eat dinner together.
Tom never seems to do that anymore.
Are you still obliged to do that?
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that by himself.
Tom never said what you say he did.
Are you still be able to do that?
Tom said that he thought Mary was a good-looking woman.
Tom never expected to fall in love.
Are you still allowed to do that?
Tom said that Mary was going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom never does that in the morning.
Are you really enjoying yourself?
Tom said that Mary thought John was a good-looking man.
Tom never complains about the heat.
Are you interested in volleyball?
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom never complains about the cold.
Are you good at drawing pictures?
Tom said it was Mary who told him he shouldn't do that.
Tom never complained about his job.
Are you going to church tomorrow?
Tom said it was Mary who told him he needed to do that.
Tom never actually lived in Boston.
Are you determined to do that?
Tom said he's glad Mary has gotten out of the hospital.
Tom needs to study a little harder.
Are we permitted to do that here?
Tom said he wished he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom needs to start studying French.
Are there many museums in Boston?
Tom said he wished he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom needs to make up for lost time.
Are the police in Boston helpful?
Tom said he wished he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom needs to do that every morning.
Am I holding the brush correctly?
Tom said he understood why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom needs to be at today's meeting.
You've always been very helpful.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom must've been afraid to do that.
You're too young to drive a car.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom might not go to Boston with us.
You're to blame for all of this.
Tom said he thought Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom might go to Boston next spring.
You're the tallest woman I know.
Tom said he knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom might come to Boston next week.
You're the richest woman I know.
Tom said he knew Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom may realize later what I meant.
You're the perfect woman for me.
Tom said he knew Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom may even have to do that again.
You're good at finding bargains.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom may come to Boston next summer.
You're a very good banjo player.
Tom said he knew Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom may be excused from doing that.
You're a tour guide, aren't you?
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom made vegetable soup for dinner.
You're a teetotaler, aren't you?
Tom said he hopes Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom made the most of his free time.
You're a talented guitar player.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom lost his job at the university.
You're a strong guy, aren't you?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom looks better with shorter hair.
You're a lot stronger than I am.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom looked me straight in the eyes.
You're a good-looking young man.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom looked for the key to the door.
You're a good volleyball player.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary bought her bicycle.
Tom looked around the waiting room.
You're a good skier, aren't you?
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary with her homework.
Tom likes to get his picture taken.
You're a good basketball player.
Tom said he didn't want to do that without Mary's help.
Tom likely doesn't know where I am.
You're a biochemist, aren't you?
Tom said he didn't understand what Mary said in French.
Tom left the room and went outside.
You'll understand it eventually.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom left his umbrella at our place.
You'll still do that, won't you?
Tom said he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom left Australia three years ago.
You'll never be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom learned French incredibly fast.
You'll need a permit to do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom lay still with his eyes closed.
You'll have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary's spaghetti is the best he's ever tasted.
Tom knows very little about sports.
You'll have a chance to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't at home when he went to visit her.
Tom knows very little about Boston.
You'll get fired if you do that.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help John do that today.
Tom knows there's still work to do.
You'll do that today, won't you?
Tom said Mary was the only one who was able to do that.
Tom knows how to speak to children.
You'll do that later, won't you?
Tom said Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom knows he's supposed to do that.
You'll do that alone, won't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be afraid to do that.
Tom knows he's got to keep working.
You'll do that again, won't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to be the next one to do that.
Tom knows he needs to study French.
You'd better do that in a hurry.
Tom said Mary was likely to be the last one to do that.
Tom knows he made the right choice.
You'd be stupid if you did that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be forgiven for doing that.
Tom knows hardly anything about it.
You'd be foolish not to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be excused from doing that.
Tom knew he didn't have to do that.
You won't do that now, will you?
Tom said Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom knew I was supposed to do that.
You won't be allowed to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might be required to do that.
Tom kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
You woke us up again last night.
Tom said Mary thought he might be permitted to do that.
Tom kept me from joining the group.
You were surprised, weren't you?
Tom said Mary thought John might be allowed to do that.
Tom just told me he wasn't at home.
You were a soldier, weren't you?
Tom said Mary should've asked John to help her do that.
Tom just stood there looking at me.
You usually do that by yourself.
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that again.
Tom isn't willing to do that again.
You told us you'd do that again.
Tom said Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to be asleep.
You told us we couldn't do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might want to do that by himself.
Tom isn't the only one who's tired.
You still don't do that, do you?
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that inside.
Tom isn't sure what the problem is.
You shouldn't raise your prices.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be required to do that.
Tom isn't sure he wants to do that.
You should've done that with us.
Tom said Mary knew he might need to do that by himself.
Tom isn't sure he ought to do that.
You should go ahead and do that.
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that by himself.
Tom isn't sure he needs to do that.
You sell coffee here, don't you?
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John wants to do that.
Tom isn't supposed to be in Boston.
You seem to know how to do that.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John needs to do that.
Tom isn't living in Boston anymore.
You seem to be a strong swimmer.
Tom said Mary is the one responsible for what happened.
Tom isn't likely to be sleepy.
You said you enjoyed doing that.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that tomorrow.
Tom isn't likely to be scared.
You promised to help us do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that to Alice.
Tom isn't likely to be lonely.
You promised that you'd do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will actually do that.
Tom isn't likely to be afraid.
You probably did that last year.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that to Alice.
Tom isn't interested in doing that.
You need to finish this by 2:30.
Tom said I was the one who should tell Mary to do that.
Tom isn't as rich as he says he is.
You need to do that by yourself.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wasn't at his party.
Tom is willing to do that for free.
You need to consider doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was in the hospital.
Tom is willing to buy that for you.
You must've done that last year.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants me to do that.
Tom is very sure he should do that.
You may get hurt if you do that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is tired or not.
Tom is very sure he has to do that.
You may do whatever you want to.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary can swim or not.
Tom is unable to refuse to do that.
You look like you're having fun.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary thinks he's stupid.
Tom is too out of shape to do that.
You look like you might be sick.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has a crush on him.
Tom is too generous with his money.
You look like a friendly person.
Tom is the only one who seems to know why Mary is here.
Tom is the strongest person I know.
You look funny wearing that hat.
Tom has already told Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom is the only person for the job.
You look about thirty years old.
Tom got a book down from the shelf and gave it to Mary.
Tom is the only person I can trust.
You look a lot like your mother.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary doesn't want to that.
Tom is the only one who'll do that.
You know you can't do that here.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom is the one that has to do that.
You helped us do that last year.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom is the new third grade teacher.
You have to do that by yourself.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom is the first boy I ever kissed.
You have to consider doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be awake when he gets home.
Tom is the author of several books.
You enjoy doing that, don't you?
Tom doesn't think Mary has any intention of doing that.
Tom is supposed to stop doing that.
You don't still do that, do you?
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom is studying at this university.
You don't seem to enjoy jogging.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to help her.
Tom is still waiting for his check.
You don't often do that, do you?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at French or not.
Tom is still unpacking his clothes.
You don't need to come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom is still determined to do that.
You don't look like you're sick.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom is still alive, I'm sure of it.
You don't look like you're done.
Tom didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself.
Tom is someone who speaks his mind.
You don't look like you're busy.
Tom didn't think Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom is someone we all looked up to.
You did that exceptionally well.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary hadn't done that.
Tom is slated to return in October.
You couldn't do that, could you?
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at skiing or not.
Tom is shivering because it's cold.
You could've done that yourself.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at French or not.
Tom is rereading his favorite book.
You appear unwilling to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could speak French or not.
Tom is reluctant to try to do that.
You almost did that, didn't you?
Tom didn't know what Mary was going to make for dinner.
Tom is reluctant to do that for us.
Would you please let me do that?
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to donate some money.
Tom is quite likely doing that now.
Would you please do that for me?
Tom couldn't wait to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom is quite a guitarist, you know.
Would you open the gate, please?
Tom broke up with Mary and has started going out Alice.
Tom is probably off his meds again.
Would you open the door, please?
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John wouldn't do that.
Tom is probably not having any fun.
Would you mind signing a waiver?
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would kiss Alice.
Tom is outside waiting in the rain.
Would you mind doing that later?
Tom asked Mary why she thought she needed to help John.
Tom is on a hike with some friends.
Would you lock the gate, please?
Tom asked Mary why she didn't come to school yesterday.
Tom is now learning how to do that.
Would you lock the door, please?
Tom asked Mary what time she wanted him to pick her up.
Tom is never late for appointments.
Would you be willing to do that?
Tom asked Mary to help him decorate his Christmas tree.
Tom is married to a Canadian woman.
Won't you please let me do that?
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that by herself.
Tom is married and lives in Boston.
Won't you please do that for me?
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that anymore.
Tom is majoring in music education.
Will you teach French next year?
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that by herself.
Tom is lucky he didn't get injured.
Will you study French next year?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John wanted to do that.
Tom is lucky he can still stand up.
Will you please pass the butter?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John needed to do that.
Tom is likely to still be confused.
Will you please open the window?
Tom and I were able to help Mary do what she had to do.
Tom is likely to regret doing that.
Will you meet us at the airport?
Tom and I both fell in love with Mary at the same time.
Tom is likely to refuse to do that.
Will you be in Boston on Monday?
Tom advised Mary to come back home as soon as possible.
Tom is likely to be retired by now.
Will you be doing that tomorrow?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what Mary had done.
Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
Will we be permitted to do that?
I think Tom wouldn't be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to be doing that now.
Why would I be afraid of anyone?
I think Tom wouldn't be as frightened as Mary would be.
Tom is likely doing that right now.
Why were you left alone at home?
I think Tom would be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is likely be afraid to do that.
Why don't you want to buy a car?
I think Tom will be able to help Mary do that tomorrow.
Tom is leaving Boston this morning.
Why do you need to go to Boston?
I think Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is learning to ride a tricycle.
Why do you need another bicycle?
I think I heard Tom say that Mary was going to do that.
Tom is learning how to do that now.
Why do you have to go to Boston?
I doubt if Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is in the garden pulling weeds.
Why do I need to be there early?
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
Tom is immensely popular on campus.
Why did you not want to do that?
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
Tom is having a hard time speaking.
Why aren't you wearing a jacket?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to Boston with Mary?
Tom is happiest when he's swimming.
Why aren't you going to do that?
Did you know that Tom thought that John was Mary's son?
Tom is going to be very successful.
Who told you you had to do that?
You didn't know Tom had to help Mary do that, did you?
Tom is giving us what we asked for.
Who told you I wouldn't do that?
Tom would've done that for Mary if he'd had more time.
Tom is feeling stronger these days.
Who told you I couldn't do that?
Tom would never have done that if Mary had been there.
Tom is feeling a little bit better.
Who do you usually do that with?
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary didn't do that.
Tom is doing his best to stay calm.
Who do you think we should hire?
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't want to do that.
Tom is disabled and unable to work.
Who asked you to come to Boston?
Tom won't likely forget to tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is determined to get that done.
Which store did you buy that at?
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants her to help John.
Tom is determined to do that today.
Where did you put the newspaper?
Tom was sure Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom is determined to do that again.
Where can I buy some toothpaste?
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he didn't love her.
Tom is currently working in Boston.
When will you go to Boston next?
Tom told me that he's quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is coming to Boston next month.
What's your French teacher like?
Tom told Mary that she should make herself a sandwich.
Tom is close to making that happen.
What's that building over there?
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom is busy and can't help you now.
What time does the library open?
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be back soon.
Tom is both rich and very generous.
What kind of sports do you like?
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't intelligent.
Tom is boiling eggs in the kitchen.
What kind of people do you like?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was self-conscious.
Tom is better today than yesterday.
What kind of exercise do you do?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was impatient.
Tom is better off than ever before.
What exactly do you want to buy?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dishonest.
Tom is always using his smartphone.
What did that sound like to you?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was depressed.
Tom is also not a very good singer.
Were you really able to do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dangerous.
Tom is already in Boston, isn't he?
We've all done that a few times.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was conceited.
Tom is almost never home on Monday.
We'll be in Boston next weekend.
Tom told Mary not to do that, but she did that anyway.
Tom is allowed to do what he wants.
We won't go to Boston next week.
Tom thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom is afraid to swim in this lake.
We weren't married at that time.
Tom thought Mary would be drunk, but she seemed sober.
Tom is afraid to refuse to do that.
We watched a movie about aliens.
Tom thought Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom is a man who likes a challenge.
We stood at the end of the line.
Tom thought Mary was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom is a lot like I was at his age.
We should've left Boston sooner.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't the one who should do that.
Tom is a former family court judge.
We should go to Boston together.
Tom thinks Mary will be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is a fairly good backup singer.
We seldom see ducks around here.
Tom should've told Mary not to go to Boston with John.
Tom is a doctor like his father is.
We never see wolves around here.
Tom should've been grateful for what Mary did for him.
Tom is a disabled military veteran.
We might study French next year.
Tom should tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Tom is a coward and always will be.
We may be in Boston next winter.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom is a better man than I thought.
We have to pay these bills soon.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom intends to come back to Boston.
We don't work in Boston anymore.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she has to do that.
Tom insisted on my paying the bill.
We did some shopping on the way.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom insisted on finishing the game.
We can't live in Boston anymore.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom injured his elbow when he fell.
We can't go to Boston this week.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom inherited his uncle's property.
We can do that here if you want.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he doesn't like her.
Tom hurt himself trying to do that.
Was it you who broke the window?
Tom should probably not tell Mary about what happened.
Tom hurried so he wouldn't be late.
Today's a good day for a picnic.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom hung up without saying goodbye.
Three of my toes were amputated.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom hitched the trailer to his car.
This time of year is always hot.
Tom says he wants to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom hasn't told me why he did that.
This is a good place to do that.
Tom says he knows Mary will have to help John do that.
Tom hasn't lost a match all season.
This is a book I'd like to read.
Tom says he knows Mary will have to do that next week.
Tom hasn't given any other details.
They want to know what happened.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she needs to do that.
Tom hasn't dropped out of the race.
They say it gets very cold here.
Tom says he hopes Mary is willing to do that with him.
Tom hasn't done that since October.
There's no easy way out of here.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't say she has to do that.
Tom hasn't done that in three days.
The two of us did that together.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom hasn't been to Boston in years.
The road up ahead is washed out.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Boston.
Tom hasn't been seen since October.
The mosquitoes didn't bother me.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom hasn't been named as a suspect.
That'll likely happen next week.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom hasn't been here since October.
That would really make me happy.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom hasn't asked even one question.
That water is not safe to drink.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom hasn't asked a single question.
That was easier than I expected.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't do that on time.
Tom hasn't actually ever done that.
That plan never would've worked.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would eventually do that.
Tom hasn't actually been to Boston.
That doesn't seem to bother you.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to move to Boston.
Tom has won the trophy three times.
Shouldn't you be doing that now?
Tom says he didn't know Mary had to help John do that.
Tom has told me I ought to do that.
Sales have increased 30 percent.
Tom says he didn't know Mary could do that by herself.
Tom has to be the one who did that.
Please try not to do that again.
Tom says he and Mary sometimes go to the zoo together.
Tom has spent some time doing that.
Please tell me how you did that.
Tom says he and Mary almost never take walks together.
Tom has some very talented friends.
Please show me how you did that.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John would do that to you.
Tom has some experience doing that.
Please don't be late for dinner.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that yesterday.
Tom has so much to look forward to.
Please do that today if you can.
Tom said that Mary would do that as soon as she could.
Tom has since moved back to Boston.
Please do that anytime you like.
Tom said that Mary wasn't working as waitress anymore.
Tom has said he intends to do that.
Park Street needs to be repaved.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to do that by herself.
Tom has run some really good races.
Our troubles are only beginning.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that wouldn't be fun.
Tom has released three solo albums.
Our luck will eventually change.
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be boring.
Tom has read that book three times.
Our demands aren't unreasonable.
Tom said that Mary should do that as soon as possible.
Tom has proven us wrong many times.
Only adults are allowed to do that.
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that with John.
Tom has promised to do that for us.
No one pays any attention to me.
Tom said that Mary has been very happy here in Boston.
Tom has probably gone home already.
Neither of us wanted to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Tom has plenty of his own problems.
My suitcase is still in my room.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom has played a lot of basketball.
My shoes don't fit me very well.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom has no trouble speaking French.
My project won the science fair.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom has no choice but to surrender.
My plan saved us a lot of money.
Tom said he wanted to give Mary the chance to do that.
Tom has never taught French before.
My phone rang, but I ignored it.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom has never done that by himself.
My patience has finally run out.
Tom said he thought he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom has never attempted to do that.
My parents are older than yours.
Tom said he thought Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom has never asked me to help him.
My parents are both from Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom has never asked for my support.
My mother bought me a new skirt.
Tom said he thought Mary might be required to do that.
Tom has made some very bad choices.
My last year in Boston was 2013.
Tom said he saw Mary waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom has made his share of mistakes.
My injuries aren't very serious.
Tom said he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom has lived in Boston ever since.
My grades haven't improved much.
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom has led a pretty exciting life.
My friends tried to cheer me up.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom has just had his teeth cleaned.
My first day of work was Monday.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that again.
Tom has just been named head coach.
My father died when I was three.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that outside.
Tom has his good days and bad days.
My car's parked just over there.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that anymore.
Tom has had a very successful year.
My business is doing quite well.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that again.
Tom has given me a lot of guidance.
My brothers are still in Boston.
Tom said he didn't want me to tell Mary what happened.
Tom has finally learned to do that.
My bicycle was stolen yesterday.
Tom said he didn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom has finally decided to do that.
My band will be playing tonight.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to do that again.
Tom has experience teaching French.
My apartment has three bedrooms.
Tom said Mary was too young to get a driver's license.
Tom has even traveled to Australia.
Monday will likely be a hot day.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help you do that today.
Tom has enough problems of his own.
Let's do that together sometime.
Tom said Mary was too old to go out dancing all night.
Tom has done that more than I have.
Let's do that as much as we can.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help John do that today.
Tom has done that again, hasn't he?
It's tomorrow that I'll do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might be allowed to do that.
Tom has definitely been very lucky.
It's probably OK not to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might be required to do that.
Tom has decided to stop doing that.
It's no use doing that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John about what happened.
Tom has decided to quit doing that.
It's little too late to do that.
Tom said Mary should've asked John to do that for her.
Tom has decided to keep doing that.
It's an excellent idea, I think.
Tom said Mary knew he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom has decided to do that instead.
It'll be interesting to do that.
Tom said Mary knew John might be permitted to do that.
Tom has decided that he'll do that.
It would be wise not to do that.
Tom said Mary is probably still determined to do that.
Tom has decided against doing that.
It would be rude to do that now.
Tom said Mary hasn't yet been punished for doing that.
Tom has been trying to help me out.
It would be romantic to do that.
Tom said Mary has been having fun hanging out with us.
Tom has been to all of my concerts.
It would be possible to do that.
Tom said Mary has always been pretty good at swimming.
Tom has been struggling to do that.
It wasn't hot in Boston, was it?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to do this morning.
Tom has been singing all afternoon.
It takes a long time to do that.
Tom probably won't be able to do that as well as Mary.
Tom has been sick since last night.
It looks like you want to leave.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is in the hospital.
Tom has been nominated three times.
It doesn't look like you're mad.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary is busy or not.
Tom has been moved to another cell.
Is there any peanut butter left?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary bought her dress.
Tom has been learning how to drive.
Is there a safer way to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary expects him to do.
Tom has been in jail several times.
Is it dangerous to do that here?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom has been fired from three jobs.
If you're hungry, eat something.
Tom probably doesn't know if Mary will do that or not.
Tom has been doing that since 2013.
If you want to do that, you may.
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary managed to do that.
Tom has been diagnosed with cancer.
I've willing to do that for you.
Tom isn't positive that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom has been caught cheating again.
I've spent some time doing that.
Tom is lucky that Mary is still be willing to do that.
Tom has been beaten up three times.
I've read that book three times.
Tom hopes that Mary won't do that until he gets there.
Tom has been accused of doing that.
I've only tried doing that once.
Tom gave Mary detailed instructions on how to do that.
Tom has been a really good manager.
I've only done that three times.
Tom doesn't think there is any way Mary could do that.
Tom has been a fugitive since 2013.
I've just bought a new computer.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom has apparently been doing that.
I've had lots of fun doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be through doing that yet.
Tom has always been taller than me.
I've given up trying to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be at home this afternoon.
Tom has always been faster than me.
I've finally managed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom has always been a great player.
I've been waiting for some time.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary wants to do that.
Tom has always been a great friend.
I've been trying to lose weight.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary needs to do that.
Tom has also said he won't do that.
I've always wanted visit Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
Tom has also said he can't do that.
I've always been good at sports.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't come to school today.
Tom has almost finished doing that.
I've already forgotten his name.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom has a wonderful sense of humor.
I've already decided to do that.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary needs to do that or not.
Tom has a wife and three daughters.
I'm willing to do that for free.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at chess or not.
Tom has a very good sense of humor.
I'm willing to buy that for you.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can speak French or not.
Tom has a piano lesson once a week.
I'm very sure I need to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom has a great deal of experience.
I'm usually too busy to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom has a good knowledge of French.
I'm too young to go there alone.
Tom didn't think it would be safe for Mary to do that.
Tom has a daughter who's a teacher.
I'm too out of shape to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom had to have open-heart surgery.
I'm really glad I could do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom had to have open heart surgery.
I'm probably not as rich as you.
Tom didn't think Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom had to do a lot of apologizing.
I'm not sure that's what I need.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that without some help.
Tom had no intention of doing that.
I'm not ready to do that either.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary had to do that.
Tom had no choice but to surrender.
I'm not finished doing that yet.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't do that.
Tom had never kissed a girl before.
I'm looking for a temporary job.
Tom didn't seem convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom had his reasons for doing that.
I'm hoping we can do that today.
Tom didn't seem convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom had his eyes checked last week.
I'm hoping I can graduate early.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was good at chess or not.
Tom had butterflies in his stomach.
I'm glad I was asked to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
Tom had a very tough time adapting.
I'm driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to live on Park Street.
Tom had a stunned look on his face.
I'm certain that that'll happen.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that today.
Tom had a good reason to celebrate.
I'll try to do that before 2:30.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that she couldn't do that.
Tom greeted his guests at the door.
I'll be glad to do that for you.
Tom asked if Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom got up much earlier than usual.
I'd rather watch something else.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go to Boston with him.
Tom got there thirty minutes early.
I'd prefer not to do that today.
Tom and Mary played tennis together all day yesterday.
Tom got the punishment he deserved.
I'd like you to help me do that.
Tom and Mary have known each other since kindergarten.
Tom got into the car and drove off.
I'd do that again if I were you.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what they needed to do.
Tom got hurt in the game yesterday.
I'd be grateful if you did that.
Tom and John are Mary's brothers. Alice is her sister.
Tom got exactly what he wished for.
I'd be glad to teach you French.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary said he had to do.
Tom goes to a school for the blind.
I'd be glad to buy that for you.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom gets up at 6:30 in the morning.
I wouldn't want to do that here.
I'm sure Tom won't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
Tom generally does that on Mondays.
I wouldn't like to do that here.
I think that Tom visited Boston with Mary last spring.
Tom gave us quite a lot of trouble.
I wouldn't be afraid to do that.
I doubt if Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom gave us food when we needed it.
I worked there for three months.
I didn't know that Tom's house was so close to Mary's.
Tom gave us exactly what we needed.
I work for an insurance company.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were married to each other.
Tom gave me some very sound advice.
I wonder who'll help us do that.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you why Mary did that.
Tom fumbled around in the darkness.
I wonder who could've done that.
Does Tom have a good relationship with Mary's parents?
Tom found out what the problem was.
I wonder if it's fun to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were John's grandparents?
Tom forgot his umbrella on the bus.
I won't show you how to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary often do that together?
Tom fixed the flat tire by himself.
I won't have to do that anymore.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom first did that three years ago.
I won't go eat out this evening.
Tom wondered if Mary still remembered how to do that.
Tom finished doing that last month.
I won't ever go to Boston again.
Tom won't likely tell Mary why he enjoyed doing that.
Tom finished doing that by himself.
I won't do that tomorrow either.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he wants her to help John.
Tom filled up the hole in the wall.
I won't be doing that by myself.
Tom won't likely be as excited about that as Mary is.
Tom faces three charges of assault.
I wish you would come to Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom faces a possible life sentence.
I wish we'd gone to Boston, too.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom expressed his thanks to us all.
I wish we hadn't gone to Boston.
Tom will probably be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom eventually went back to Boston.
I wish we hadn't come to Boston.
Tom will likely be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom enjoyed himself at the concert.
I wish I'd never visited Boston.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's technical questions.
Tom ended up doing that last night.
I wish I hadn't done what I did.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he didn't do that.
Tom ended up doing that by himself.
I wish I had someone to talk to.
Tom was able to do that with a little help from Mary.
Tom earned his living as a teacher.
I wish I didn't need to do that.
Tom told me that I'm quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom earned his doctorate in Boston.
I wish I could do that with you.
Tom told Mary why it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine.
I wish I could buy that for you.
Tom told Mary which dress he thought she should wear.
Tom doing that wouldn't be any fun.
I wasn't sure where I should go.
Tom told Mary to come back home as soon as she could.
Tom doing that would be a bad idea.
I wasn't rich enough to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom doesn't want us to do that now.
I wasn't in any rush to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't prejudiced.
Tom doesn't want to do that either.
I wasn't hungry when I got home.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't aggressive.
Tom doesn't think we could do that.
I was told to do that by myself.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was overconfident.
Tom doesn't think I should do that.
I was told not to do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in his office.
Tom doesn't study French every day.
I was thinking about doing that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been arrested.
Tom doesn't still do that, does he?
I was the only one who did that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was mistaken.
Tom doesn't speak French every day.
I was in Boston again last week.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was impolite.
Tom doesn't seem to be very sleepy.
I was happy to buy that for you.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was handsome.
Tom doesn't really want to do that.
I was going to help you do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was creative.
Tom doesn't really need to do that.
I was annoyed by the loud noise.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was annoying.
Tom doesn't really have to do that.
I wanted you to help me do that.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't permit her to do that.
Tom doesn't realize what he's lost.
I wanted to stay in Boston, too.
Tom told Mary John couldn't do that without his help.
Tom doesn't realize what he's done.
I wanted to go outside and play.
Tom thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't need any of this stuff.
I wanted to go home early today.
Tom thought Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't look too worried to me.
I wanted to go camping with you.
Tom thinks Mary won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom doesn't look like he's unhappy.
I want to visit Boston sometime.
Tom thinks Mary won't be difficult to get along with.
Tom doesn't listen to his teachers.
I want to start my own business.
Tom thinks Mary will be here for three or four hours.
Tom doesn't like the way you dance.
I want to learn to speak French.
Tom thinks Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
Tom doesn't like the way I do that.
I want to go to graduate school.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that with John and him.
Tom doesn't like spinach very much.
I want to go to Boston sometime.
Tom shouldn't have done that without Mary's approval.
Tom doesn't like it when I do that.
I want to finish what I'm doing.
Tom should tell Mary about the job he's been offered.
Tom doesn't know why that happened.
I want to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom should probably tell Mary why she should do that.
Tom doesn't know a lot about music.
I want to be at today's meeting.
Tom should probably tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom doesn't know a lot about birds.
I want to be a helicopter pilot.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he needs her help.
Tom doesn't have very many options.
I usually don't carry much cash.
Tom should probably tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom doesn't have to do that either.
I turned off the overhead light.
Tom should probably not tell Mary to do that for him.
Tom doesn't have time to get bored.
I thought you didn't have a dog.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wanted to be alone.
Tom doesn't have that many options.
I thought you didn't have a car.
Tom says he wants to give Mary the chance to do that.
Tom doesn't have many weekends off.
I thought it was fun doing that.
Tom says he thinks Mary would really want to do that.
Tom doesn't have any strength left.
I think would be fun to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have a high-paying job.
I think that we have to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she should do that.
Tom doesn't gamble, drink or smoke.
I think it'll be worth the wait.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when she has to do that.
Tom doesn't feel he has to do that.
I think it'll be fun to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary is willing to do that for him.
Tom doesn't even know that I exist.
I think doing that would be fun.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom doesn't do that at all anymore.
I think I'd be quiet doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom doesn't do anything on Mondays.
I think I'd be happy doing that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't believe you'll do that.
I think I need to do that today.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom doesn't believe he can do that.
I think I don't have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to be too tired.
I think I can do that by myself.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to be too happy.
I swear I won't do that anymore.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
Tom doesn't appear to be surprised.
I suggest that you visit Boston.
Tom says he didn't know Mary would be at the meeting.
Tom does whatever we ask him to do.
I still haven't cleaned my room.
Tom says he and Mary hardly ever go cycling together.
Tom does whatever he's asked to do.
I still do that once in a while.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that by himself.
Tom does that every day but Monday.
I speak both French and English.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John did that to Alice.
Tom does that every Monday morning.
I sometimes do things like that.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John actually did that.
Tom does that every Monday evening.
I shouldn't have had to do that.
Tom said that Mary said John wanted to do that today.
Tom does take a walk every morning.
I shouldn't have gone to Boston.
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that with you.
Tom does nothing but eat and sleep.
I shouldn't have come to Boston.
Tom said that Mary didn't really know how to do that.
Tom discovered how to open the box.
I should've worn a heavier coat.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary wants to do that.
Tom discouraged me from doing that.
I should've trusted my instinct.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary needs to do that.
Tom dipped his spoon into the soup.
I should've gotten here earlier.
Tom said he wasn't sure if Mary could do that or not.
Tom died suddenly at the age of 30.
I should've done that last week.
Tom said he was going to ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom died sometime during the night.
I should've been more organized.
Tom said he wanted Mary to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom died of stomach cancer in 2013.
I should've been here yesterday.
Tom said he thought that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom died of natural causes in 2013.
I should've been at the meeting.
Tom said he thought Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom died of a heart attack in 2013.
I should be in Boston this week.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom died late last month at age 30.
I should be helping you do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom died in a shootout with police.
I scarcely ever do that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that today.
Tom died in 2013 of natural causes.
I said that I wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom died in 2013 of a heart attack.
I remember doing that somewhere.
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom died in 2013 in a car accident.
I really want to come to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom died in 2013 from tuberculosis.
I really regret going to Boston.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
I really don't have much choice.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom didn't want to go there by bus.
I realized I was being followed.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that anymore.
Tom didn't want to do that anymore.
I often help out in the kitchen.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom didn't want me to speak French.
I need to go to the post office.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom didn't think you would do that.
I need to finish what I'm doing.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't think you could do that.
I need to be in Boston all week.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom didn't think he should do that.
I need to be at today's meeting.
Tom said he didn't remember exactly where Mary lived.
Tom didn't think he had to do that.
I must be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said he didn't know if Mary could do that or not.
Tom didn't seem to want to do that.
I might not go to work tomorrow.
Tom said he and Mary played tennis yesterday morning.
Tom didn't seem to know what to do.
I made this same mistake before.
Tom said Mary would probably not know how to do that.
Tom didn't seem like himself today.
I looked at my appointment book.
Tom said Mary would probably be reluctant to do that.
Tom didn't say what you say he did.
I looked around, but saw no one.
Tom said Mary wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
Tom didn't really give me a chance.
I looked around the locker room.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help you do that today.
Tom didn't practice much last week.
I looked around at my coworkers.
Tom said Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom didn't mean to do that, did he?
I like to do that in the summer.
Tom said Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom didn't know who he could trust.
I know you won't do that for me.
Tom said Mary was the one responsible for doing that.
Tom didn't know about the accident.
I know you want to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary was thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom didn't get a chance to do that.
I know you need to go to Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom didn't expect to do that again.
I know why you're in a bad mood.
Tom said Mary was likely to be determined to do that.
Tom didn't even apologize for that.
I know what your car looks like.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could help John do that.
Tom didn't do what he wanted to do.
I know what you do for a living.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could do that with John.
Tom didn't deserve to lose his job.
I know we'll be able to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that today.
Tom did what we expected him to do.
I know this is important to you.
Tom said Mary thought he might be allowed to do that.
Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I know this is how it has to be.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that.
Tom did that very enthusiastically.
I know there's still work to do.
Tom said Mary thought John might not need to do that.
Tom did that until the day he died.
I know that you're disappointed.
Tom said Mary thought John might not have to do that.
Tom did that the old fashioned way.
I know that you're conservative.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John about what she did.
Tom did that in a very similar way.
I know that you want to do that.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John about the accident.
Tom did that in Boston last summer.
I know that you need to do that.
Tom said Mary needs to do that before John gets here.
Tom did that because I told him to.
I know that you have to do that.
Tom said Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom did everything we asked of him.
I know how to get to your place.
Tom said Mary looked like she was enjoying the party.
Tom devoted a lot of time to study.
I know I'm going to be punished.
Tom said Mary knew she might be permitted to do that.
Tom definitely won't do that again.
I know I'm going to be arrested.
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that.
Tom definitely deserves to be here.
I know I shouldn't do that here.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John has to do that.
Tom dedicated his life to teaching.
I know I don't have much choice.
Tom said Mary is probably still waiting in the lobby.
Tom dedicated his life to medicine.
I knew I was being photographed.
Tom said Mary is probably still reluctant to do that.
Tom decided to continue doing that.
I knew I didn't have to do that.
Tom said Mary is probably still motivated to do that.
Tom cut the cake into eight pieces.
I just can't come to Boston now.
Tom said Mary has never been to a Mexican restaurant.
Tom cut some branches off the tree.
I intend to do that from now on.
Tom said Mary has been trying to do that all morning.
Tom couldn't stop saying thank you.
I hope we'll be able to do that.
Tom said Mary has been in the hospital since October.
Tom could've been more cooperative.
I held the rope with both hands.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will really do that.
Tom could teach you how to do that.
I haven't taken out the garbage.
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will do that to you.
Tom could no longer stand the pain.
I haven't read the instructions.
Tom said Mary didn't think John would do that to you.
Tom could get fired if he did that.
I haven't played chess recently.
Tom refused to do what Mary told him he needed to do.
Tom could face up to $300 in fines.
I haven't done that much lately.
Tom promised he'd go to Boston with Mary next Monday.
Tom could be in Boston next Monday.
I have no reason not to do that.
Tom probably knows where Mary plans to go to college.
Tom could be determined to do that.
I have no plans to visit Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom considered the offer carefully.
I had no trouble falling asleep.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary doesn't like dogs.
Tom comes from a close-knit family.
I get up at 6:30 on school days.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary called the police.
Tom closed the store and went home.
I forbid you to leave the house.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary and John broke up.
Tom claims that doesn't bother him.
I finished doing that last week.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to college.
Tom can't have been a good student.
I filled both glasses with wine.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Tom can't go to Boston this summer.
I felt a sharp pain in my chest.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Tom can't come to Boston this year.
I don't watch TV in the morning.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary doesn't like him.
Tom can't be accused of not trying.
I don't want you to do that now.
Tom probably doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom can probably understand French.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
Tom pretty much always does the same thing Mary does.
Tom can play the bassoon very well.
I don't want to talk about work.
Tom must've thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom came to talk to me last Monday.
I don't want to stay any longer.
Tom knew it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom came to see me in the hospital.
I don't want to speak to anyone.
Tom is the one standing next to Mary in this picture.
Tom came to Boston a lot last year.
I don't want to speak in French.
Tom is the man standing next to Mary in this picture.
Tom came to Australia as a refugee.
I don't want to lose my license.
Tom is sure Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom brushed the dust off his pants.
I don't want to go to Australia.
Tom has told Mary that she isn't required to do that.
Tom brushed the dirt off his pants.
I don't want to go there by bus.
Tom has already told Mary he doesn't want to do that.
Tom blew on his hands to warm them.
I don't want to go back to jail.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom blames his failure on bad luck.
I don't want to do that tonight.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom believed that he could do that.
I don't want to buy a new piano.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be miserable doing that.
Tom begged me to do that carefully.
I don't want to anything to eat.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in Boston next winter.
Tom backed the car into the garage.
I don't usually walk to the gym.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here until after 2:30.
Tom asked what he could do to help.
I don't think we did that right.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that by herself.
Tom asked me if I had a girlfriend.
I don't think Mary is beautiful.
Tom doesn't think Mary really could do that, does he?
Tom apparently should've done that.
I don't think I'll ever do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom apologized a few moments later.
I don't think I'll do that here.
Tom doesn't really think that Mary did that, does he?
Tom answered some of the questions.
I don't think I want to do that.
Tom doesn't really think Mary could do that, does he?
Tom and I'll get married next year.
I don't think I need a new coat.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it for him.
Tom and I work out at the same gym.
I don't think I have to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want me to do that.
Tom and I work at the same factory.
I don't think I can do that now.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom and I won't be getting married.
I don't see why I can't go, too.
Tom doesn't have to do that. Mary will do it for him.
Tom and I weren't completely alone.
I don't regret doing what I did.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that by herself.
Tom and I were the first ones here.
I don't recommend that approach.
Tom didn't think Mary would be confused, but she was.
Tom and I were sitting in the back.
I don't really have much choice.
Tom didn't tell Mary about the job he'd been offered.
Tom and I were in Boston last week.
I don't really enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary was doing that.
Tom and I were angry at each other.
I don't really care what you do.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary should do that.
Tom and I went to the zoo together.
I don't often do that on Monday.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary had to do that.
Tom and I went to a movie together.
I don't often do that by myself.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want John to do that.
Tom and I wear the same size shoes.
I don't need to work on Mondays.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was able do that or not.
Tom and I took a walk on the beach.
I don't need to wait any longer.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom and I teach at the same school.
I don't need to decide that now.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to be a ballet dancer.
Tom and I talked about the weather.
I don't like traveling by plane.
Tom bought a house not too far from where Mary lives.
Tom and I soon became best friends.
I don't like to get my feet wet.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom and I often go hiking together.
I don't like to be made to wait.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom and I no longer see eye to eye.
I don't like to be contradicted.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she needed to do that.
Tom and I live on different floors.
I don't like this kind of movie.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that again.
Tom and I haven't been dating long.
I don't like that kind of stuff.
Tom asked Mary if she really needed to do that again.
Tom and I have three grandchildren.
I don't like speaking in public.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John taught French to.
Tom and I have the same hair color.
I don't like sitting in traffic.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where John went to school.
Tom and I have the same color eyes.
I don't know who that person is.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on where they should eat.
Tom and I have something in common.
I don't know who broke the door.
Tom almost forgot to tell Mary what she needed to do.
Tom and I have both studied French.
I don't know where I need to go.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom and I have a good relationship.
I don't know where I have to go.
I'm sure Tom will never permit Mary to do that again.
Tom and I hardly ever eat together.
I don't know what I ought to do.
I'm sure Tom will be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom and I had to postpone our trip.
I don't know what I need to buy.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom and I had a nice time together.
I don't know much about sailing?
I wish I hadn't told Tom to show Mary how to do that.
Tom and I had a good time together.
I don't know how to write songs.
I was surprised when Tom told me where Mary had gone.
Tom and I had a fight this morning.
I don't know how to write poems.
I think Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom and I got everything we needed.
I don't know how to milk a goat.
I think Tom is the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
Tom and I drove to Boston together.
I don't know how to do that yet.
I think Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
Tom and I don't talk to each other.
I don't know a lot about Boston.
I think Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and I don't know what happened.
I don't intend to pay that much.
I think Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
Tom and I don't get along too well.
I don't intend do that tomorrow.
I hope Tom knows he has do what Mary tells him to do.
Tom and I didn't agree on anything.
I don't have to work on Mondays.
I have no objection to Tom going to Boston with Mary.
Tom and I bought matching T-shirts.
I don't have to go there myself.
I don't think Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
Tom and I attended the same school.
I don't have to decide that now.
I didn't know that Tom was studying French with Mary.
Tom and I arrived at the same time.
I don't have much time to waste.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you where Mary lives.
Tom and I aren't going to help you.
I don't have any of the details.
Didn't you know Tom was going to the dance with Mary?
Tom and I aren't going to be there.
I don't have a whole lot to say.
Did you know that Tom was going to do that with Mary?
Tom and I are not on the same team.
I don't have a driver's license.
Did you know Tom and Mary were married to each other?
Tom and I apologized to each other.
I don't go to school by the bus.
Could it have been Tom who stole Mary's diamond ring?
Tom always seems to be sympathetic.
I don't go to church very often.
Tom, Mary and a few other people did that yesterday.
Tom always had a smile on his face.
I don't go to Boston very often.
Tom would've been worried if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom always does that in the summer.
I don't feel the same way we do.
Tom wondered who Mary expected to come to her party.
Tom almost never does that anymore.
I don't care if my car is dirty.
Tom wondered what Mary could do that he couldn't do.
Tom almost always wears suspenders.
I don't care about that anymore.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom actually tried to do that once.
I don't blame you for being mad.
Tom won't likely be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom's trial will begin in October.
I don't always do what I'm told.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom's shop opened on October 20th.
I don't actually live in Boston.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom's life will never be the same.
I do that three hours every day.
Tom will probably tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom's last day of work was Monday.
I didn't want to seem desperate.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to ride a horse.
Tom's killer has never been found.
I didn't want to read that book.
Tom was the one who advised Mary to stop doing that.
Tom's injury seems to have healed.
I didn't want to move to Boston.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he would do that.
Tom's hopes to live there someday.
I didn't want to go to the park.
Tom told Mary why it would be a bad idea to do that.
Tom's first reaction was to laugh.
I didn't want to go to the lake.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be likely to do that.
Tom's explanation was interesting.
I didn't want to go there alone.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom's dog scared off the intruder.
I didn't want to go any further.
Tom told Mary that he was troubled by what happened.
Tom's death couldn't be explained.
I didn't want to do that myself.
Tom told Mary that he was amused by what was going on.
Tom's contract runs out this year.
I didn't want to do it that way.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't depressed.
Tom's contract is for three years.
I didn't want to be interrupted.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't dangerous.
Tom's best pitch is his curveball.
I didn't want anything to drink.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't conceited.
Tom wouldn't permit us to do that.
I didn't want anyone to hear me.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in the attic.
Tom wouldn't permit me to do that.
I didn't think you'd understand.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was disorganized.
Tom wouldn't care if you did that.
I didn't think you'd be nervous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was disappointed.
Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I didn't think you'd be jealous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had lost his job.
Tom would be miserable doing that.
I didn't think you were jealous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gotten fired.
Tom would be fired if he did that.
I didn't think I'd get punished.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been prudent.
Tom would be fined if he did that.
I didn't think I'd get arrested.
Tom told Mary that he never wanted to do that again.
Tom won't likely be in Boston now.
I didn't think I should do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was healthy.
Tom won't likely be home tomorrow.
I didn't think I had to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to find a higher-paying job.
Tom won't likely be here tomorrow.
I didn't take a bath last night.
Tom thought Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom won't likely be desperate yet.
I didn't really need to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom won't know the answer to that.
I didn't really have to do that.
Tom thinks Mary would've come if she'd been invited.
Tom won't keep me from doing that.
I didn't realize I had to leave.
Tom thinks Mary won't be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom won't have to do that anymore.
I didn't plan on going with you.
Tom thinks Mary won't be present at today's meeting.
Tom won't do that if it's raining.
I didn't pay my rent last month.
Tom thinks Mary will be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
I didn't need to wait very long.
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that tomorrow evening.
Tom won't be permitted to do that.
I didn't like that movie at all.
Tom thinks Mary will be difficult to get along with.
Tom won't be motivated to do that.
I didn't know you were sleeping.
Tom thinks Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom won't be able to do that here.
I didn't know you enjoyed opera.
Tom still doesn't know the reason why Mary did that.
Tom will work in Boston next year.
I didn't know who I could trust.
Tom should've waited until Mary got here to do that.
Tom will probably be undependable.
I didn't know which way to turn.
Tom should tell Mary he won't go to Boston with her.
Tom will probably be back by 2:30.
I didn't know which bus to take.
Tom should probably tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom will never promise to do that.
I didn't know where I should go.
Tom should probably tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I didn't know what we should do.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom will have to do that tomorrow.
I didn't know quite what to say.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to drive too fast.
Tom will do that without any help.
I didn't know anything about it.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's going to do that.
Tom will do that with us tomorrow.
I didn't intend to stay so long.
Tom should probably tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom will do that for you, I think.
I didn't have to wait very long.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom will do that even if it rains.
I didn't have to do that either.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom will be in Boston next Monday.
I didn't have time to eat lunch.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom will be here to do that later.
I didn't have dinner last night.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary needed to do that.
Tom will be determined to do that.
I didn't get on the right train.
Tom says that when he did that, Mary started crying.
Tom will be able to come tomorrow.
I didn't get home till midnight.
Tom says he's heard that Mary wanted to change jobs.
Tom wasn't the one who complained.
I didn't fulfill my obligations.
Tom says he knows Mary can't speak French very well.
Tom wasn't sure he should do that.
I didn't feel much like smiling.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she has to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he had to do that.
I didn't feel like eating lunch.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who's going to do that.
Tom wasn't in any rush to do that.
I didn't expect to win the race.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom wasn't afraid to speak French.
I didn't expect to fall in love.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom was very concerned about that.
I didn't exactly tell the truth.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will want to do that.
Tom was unenthusiastic about that.
I didn't do what I wanted to do.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will need to do that.
Tom was troubled by what happened.
I didn't do what I needed to do.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will have to do that.
Tom was too frightened to do that.
I didn't do that quickly enough.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom was told he shouldn't do that.
I didn't ask any more questions.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom was the only one who did that.
I didn't answer either question.
Tom says he doesn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom was the one chosen to do that.
I did that the same way you did.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary wants to help her.
Tom was the first one to be fired.
I did that once with my friends.
Tom says he can't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom was my best friend in college.
I did that in spite of the rain.
Tom says he and Mary played chess yesterday morning.
Tom was just thirteen at the time.
I couldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom says he and Mary often play tennis after school.
Tom was in Boston three weeks ago.
I could get fired if I did that.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that yesterday.
Tom was doing that here yesterday.
I could get fined if I did that.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that for Alice.
Tom was a bachelor his whole life.
I changed the locks on my doors.
Tom said that Mary wasn't working in Boston anymore.
Tom warned me not to speak French.
I certainly won't do that again.
Tom said that Mary said she wanted to do that today.
Tom wants to work as a translator.
I can't tell you why I did that.
Tom said that Mary and John weren't married anymore.
Tom very seldom does that anymore.
I can't sing as well as you can.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary not to do that.
Tom usually takes a break at 2:30.
I can't show you how to do that.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he should do that.
Tom usually gets what he asks for.
I can't read without my glasses.
Tom said it was Mary who told him he had to do that.
Tom usually gets here around 2:30.
I can't meet you at the airport.
Tom said he's still getting text messages from Mary.
Tom used to enjoy teaching French.
I can't do everything by myself.
Tom said he'll probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom used to enjoy studying French.
I can't come to school tomorrow.
Tom said he'd be able to do that if Mary helped him.
Tom told us not to make any noise.
I can't be much older than I am.
Tom said he wouldn't be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom told us he would study French.
I can't afford to go to college.
Tom said he wished he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom told us he could speak French.
I can do that without your help.
Tom said he wished he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom told me you understood French.
I can do that in thirty minutes.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom told me why he needed my help.
I came in through the back door.
Tom said he wasn't the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom told me why he didn't do that.
I came here in order to do that.
Tom said he wanted Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom told me that you hate dancing.
I bought you something to drink.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom told me that he's unimpressed.
I bought a house in the suburbs.
Tom said he knew Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom told me that he's unconvinced.
I answered no to both questions.
Tom said he goes out with Mary at least once a week.
Tom told me that he's sympathetic.
I always knew you could do that.
Tom said he doesn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom told me that he's pessimistic.
I already know what I should do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary should do that again.
Tom told me that he's intoxicated.
How was the picnic last weekend?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom told me that he's heartbroken.
How often do you use a computer?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary has to do that today.
Tom told me that he's discouraged.
How often do you go to the pool?
Tom said he doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom told me that he was surprised.
How often do you go to concerts?
Tom said he doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy.
Tom told me that he was impressed.
How often do you eat vegetables?
Tom said he doesn't know if Mary can do that or not.
Tom told me he's ready to do that.
How often do you eat persimmons?
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom told me he'd do that tomorrow.
How often do you come to Boston?
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom told me I should study French.
How often are you late for work?
Tom said he didn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom thought that we could do that.
How much water is in the bucket?
Tom said he didn't know why Mary refused to do that.
Tom thought I'd already done that.
How many trees are in your yard?
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely be fascinated by that.
Tom thinks he should study French.
How many times will you do that?
Tom said Mary would probably be hesitant to do that.
Tom taught himself how to do that.
How many sandwiches do you want?
Tom said Mary was the only one who got here on time.
Tom taught French for a long time.
How many sandwiches did you eat?
Tom said Mary was still not very good at doing that.
Tom taught French for a few years.
How long will it take to repair?
Tom said Mary was likely to be waiting in the lobby.
Tom taught French a long time ago.
How do you plan to go to Boston?
Tom said Mary was likely to be reluctant to do that.
Tom talked about his expectations.
Haven't you ever visited Boston?
Tom said Mary was likely to be outside on the porch.
Tom swore that he'd never do that.
Get ready to do that right away.
Tom said Mary was likely to be motivated to do that.
Tom swims every day in the summer.
Everyone spoke at the same time.
Tom said Mary was likely to be desperate to do that.
Tom swears he won't do that again.
Don't forget to check the tires.
Tom said Mary was hoping you could do that with her.
Tom sure didn't do that very well.
Don't do that until I get there.
Tom said Mary was grateful for what you did for her.
Tom suggested we do that tomorrow.
Doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said Mary was going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom suggested that we not do that.
Doing that would probably be OK.
Tom said Mary thought she might not need to do that.
Tom suggested that I study French.
Doing that would be interesting.
Tom said Mary thought she might not have to do that.
Tom studied French for many years.
Doing that won't take much time.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to do that soon.
Tom stuck his head out the window.
Doing that likely won't be safe.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that soon.
Tom stood in the back of the room.
Doing that didn't make me happy.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John why she did that.
Tom still thinks it's a good idea.
Doing that did me a lot of good.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have bought what she bought.
Tom still speaks French every day.
Does anything seem wrong to you?
Tom said Mary should've stayed in Boston all summer.
Tom still sometimes speaks French.
Do you want to do that tomorrow?
Tom said Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom still refuses to speak French.
Do you understand sign language?
Tom said Mary knew she might be required to do that.
Tom still hasn't planted the corn.
Do you think you'd ever do that?
Tom said Mary knew he might be permitted to do that.
Tom still hasn't cleaned his room.
Do you think doing that was fun?
Tom said Mary knew John might need to do that today.
Tom still has an office in Boston.
Do you like to go to bookstores?
Tom said Mary knew John might have to do that today.
Tom still doesn't want to do that.
Do you know what happened today?
Tom said Mary knew John might be allowed to do that.
Tom still doesn't need to do that.
Do you intend to come to Boston?
Tom said Mary is probably still hesitant to do that.
Tom still doesn't know what to do.
Do you have you camera with you?
Tom said Mary has been robbed more than three times.
Tom still doesn't have to do that.
Do you have any help doing that?
Tom said Mary has been asked not to do that anymore.
Tom still can't understand French.
Do you have a permit to do that?
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that with Alice.
Tom still can't do that very well.
Do you feel like doing that now?
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that by himself.
Tom started laughing hysterically.
Do you ever get sleepy in class?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything she needed to do.
Tom spent his summer on the beach.
Do all teachers have to do that?
Tom said Mary didn't have a car she could depend on.
Tom spends a lot of money on wine.
Did you know that's from Boston?
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary was arrested.
Tom spends a lot of money on hats.
Did you know that was happening?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was ignoring him.
Tom sounds like a smart young man.
Did you have an afternoon snack?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom sounds like a really nice guy.
Could you please give me a hand?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is scared of him.
Tom sounds like a pretty nice guy.
Could you help me do that today?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is afraid of him.
Tom sounds like a pretty cool kid.
Can't someone else go to Boston?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to school.
Tom sounds a lot like his brother.
Can you come to Boston tomorrow?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary studies French.
Tom sounded agitated on the phone.
Can we visit Boston next winter?
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom sometimes goes to work by car.
Both of us want to visit Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary goes to school.
Tom sometimes goes to work by bus.
Both of us want to go to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary was looking for.
Tom sometimes cooks dinner for us.
Both of us need to go to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Tom sold his business and retired.
Both of us have to go to Boston.
Tom plans to spend his thirtieth birthday with Mary.
Tom slowly walked down the street.
Both of my parents are teachers.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom shouldn't have had to do that.
Be careful not to do that again.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he wasn't married.
Tom shouldn't be too hard to find.
Are you still unable to do that?
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he didn't do that.
Tom should've worn a heavier coat.
Are you still likely to do that?
Tom is likely to be quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom should've done that years ago.
Are you still enjoying yourself?
Tom has told Mary that he isn't required to do that.
Tom should've done that last week.
Are you still afraid to do that?
Tom has finally managed to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom should've come to the meeting.
Are we still allowed to do that?
Tom has asked Mary to do that, so you don't have to.
Tom should've bought some pencils.
Are there any fish in this pond?
Tom has already told Mary that she needs to do that.
Tom should've been sent to prison.
All three of us want to do that.
Tom has a T-shirt just like the one Mary is wearing.
Tom should've been more organized.
All three of us need to do that.
Tom found a stack of lottery tickets in Mary's room.
Tom should've been home on Monday.
All three of us have to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom should've been here yesterday.
"May I do that?" "Yes, you may."
Tom doesn't think that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom should try not to be so noisy.
Your suitcase looks very heavy.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit John to do that.
Tom should live in Boston with us.
Your performance was very good.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom should be studying French now.
Your help isn't needed anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom should be out there right now.
Your designs are very original.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be permitted to do that.
Tom should be finished doing that.
Your arm needs to be amputated.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be motivated to do that.
Tom should be charged with murder.
You're too young to drink beer.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with John.
Tom should be able to do that now.
You're too young to buy liquor.
Tom doesn't think Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom shares an apartment with John.
You're too drunk to drive home.
Tom doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom set the box down on the table.
You're the smartest man I know.
Tom doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom seldom forgets to do anything.
You're the smartest guy I know.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary has to do that.
Tom seldom drinks beer at parties.
You're the only one with a key.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until Mary tells him to.
Tom seldom buys expensive clothes.
You're the only drummer I know.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary has to do that or not.
Tom seems to want to study French.
You're not expected to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom seems to like teaching French.
You're a very good-looking guy.
Tom does everything the way Mary tells him to do it.
Tom seems to like studying French.
You're a very good storyteller.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom seems to like speaking French.
You're a scientist, aren't you?
Tom didn't think Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom seems to be feeling depressed.
You're a pretty good guitarist.
Tom didn't think Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom seems to be afraid to do that.
You're a lot younger than I am.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary had done that.
Tom seems like an intelligent man.
You're a lot smarter than I am.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom seemed unconcerned about that.
You're a hard person to please.
Tom didn't know how much more money Mary would need.
Tom seemed to know how to do that.
You're a gun owner, aren't you?
Tom didn't know how much money Mary had in the bank.
Tom seemed to have figured it out.
You're a good basketball coach.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom seemed to be eager to do that.
You're a cat lover, aren't you?
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would do that.
Tom seemed like a really good guy.
You're a bit younger than I am.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that John would be late.
Tom seemed like a nice enough guy.
You're a bit shorter than I am.
Tom asked Mary what time she needed him to be there.
Tom searched his bag for a pencil.
You're a bartender, aren't you?
Tom asked Mary if she'd be interested in doing that.
Tom scored 13 points for our team.
You'll have to do that as well.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that for him.
Tom says things have gotten tough.
You'll get a chance to do that.
Tom asked Mary if she knew why John didn't like him.
Tom says that's his favorite book.
You'll do that, too, won't you?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John's birthday was.
Tom says that isn't a big problem.
You'll do that soon, won't you?
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had to do that.
Tom says that he's a good student.
You'll do that again, I'm sure.
Tom and Mary live across the street from each other.
Tom says that he'll do that today.
You'll cook tonight, won't you?
Tom and Mary have decided to postpone their wedding.
Tom says that he wants to do that.
You'll be able to do that, too.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on where they should go.
Tom says it's too late to do that.
You'd fight back, wouldn't you?
Tom and I were talking about Mary just this morning.
Tom says it's time to take action.
You'd better do that carefully.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom says it's a risk worth taking.
You'd be fired if you did that.
The boy's name is Tom and his sister's name is Mary.
Tom says his stomach doesn't hurt.
You weren't hurt bad, were you?
I'm sure that Tom wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom says he's too busy to do that.
You want to do that, don't you?
I'm sure Tom will be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom says he's tired of doing that.
You sure were noisy last night.
I was surprised when Tom told me what Mary had done.
Tom says he's prepared to do that.
You shouldn't be in Boston now.
I think Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom says he's never taught French.
You should've done that sooner.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary wants to do.
Tom says he'll study French today.
You should start getting ready.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary needs to do.
Tom says he'll do whatever he can.
You should go outside and play.
I suspect that Tom and Mary planning to get married.
Tom says he'll do that by himself.
You should consider doing that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't like each other.
Tom says he won't need to do that.
You should admit your mistakes.
I didn't think Tom really did what Mary said he did.
Tom says he won't help us do that.
You seemed to enjoy doing that.
Didn't you know that Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom says he won't have to do that.
You saw us do that, didn't you?
Did you know that Tom was going to Boston with Mary?
Tom says he won't do that for you.
You said you'd quit doing that.
You knew that Tom told Mary to do that, didn't you?
Tom says he won't do that anymore.
You said you'd help us do that.
Tom, Mary and I went to the same elementary school.
Tom says he wants to speak French.
You said you'd help me do that.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't in her room, studying.
Tom says he wants to do that, too.
You really should visit Boston.
Tom wondered who Mary wanted at her birthday party.
Tom says he wants to be a teacher.
You promised to do that for us.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted him to park the car.
Tom says he tried to do that once.
You plan to do that, don't you?
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French so well.
Tom says he thinks he can do that.
You offered to help us do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom says he still does that a lot.
You need to think for yourself.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom says he plans to study French.
You need to do that more often.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom says he needs to study French.
You must not come here anymore.
Tom will probably tell Mary to look out the window.
Tom says he likes teaching French.
You must be tempted to do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he wants her help.
Tom says he likes studying French.
You may take any book you like.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom says he likes speaking French.
You love doing that, don't you?
Tom wasn't much better at doing that than Mary was.
Tom says he just couldn't do that.
You look like your grandfather.
Tom was surprised that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom says he feels like doing that.
You look like you have an idea.
Tom was surprised that Mary didn't know what to do.
Tom says he doesn't have a lawyer.
You look a little better today.
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary wanted to that.
Tom says he didn't have insurance.
You like to do that, don't you?
Tom was kind of surprised that Mary didn't do that.
Tom says he can't remember things.
You left your office door open.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
Tom says I shouldn't speak French.
You haven't answer my question.
Tom told Mary the reason he didn't want to do that.
Tom saw me while I was doing that.
You have to do that right away.
Tom told Mary that he was interested in doing that.
Tom sat looking out of the window.
You have to do that more often.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't creative.
Tom said, "I'll do that tomorrow."
You had every right to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unconvinced.
Tom said the gunshots woke him up.
You fired your gun, didn't you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unconscious.
Tom said the case has been closed.
You don't look like you're mad.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was intoxicated.
Tom said the best was yet to come.
You don't like carrots, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was intelligent.
Tom said that's not what he wants.
You don't know my name, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was incompetent.
Tom said that he's been very busy.
You don't do that well, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was heartbroken.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that.
You don't do that much, do you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was hardworking.
Tom said that he wasn't impressed.
You did that again, didn't you?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was embarrassed.
Tom said that he wants to do that.
You definitely need to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was discouraged.
Tom said that I shouldn't do that.
You could do that if you tried.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was attractive.
Tom said some things won't change.
You can swim, too, if you want.
Tom told Mary that he had been miserable in Boston.
Tom said it's been fun doing that.
You can swim better than I can.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think she'd been fair.
Tom said it's been fun being here.
You can do that if you want to.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was stoned.
Tom said it was raining in Boston.
You apparently need to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was insane.
Tom said it should've been simple.
You apparently have to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was boring.
Tom said his team will likely win.
Would you please come tomorrow?
Tom told Mary that John had decided not to do that.
Tom said his schedule will change.
Would you like to live forever?
Tom told Mary he could probably do that by himself.
Tom said his schedule has changed.
Would mind if I did that today?
Tom thought he'd forgotten to tell Mary what to do.
Tom said his job was a lot of fun.
Women and girls should do that.
Tom thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said his house wasn't damaged.
Will you please do that for me?
Tom thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said his conscience was clear.
Will you go shopping next week?
Tom thought Mary would be confused, but she wasn't.
Tom said he's very busy this week.
Will you do that tomorrow, too?
Tom thought Mary wasn't present at today's meeting.
Tom said he's very busy right now.
Will I be permitted to do that?
Tom thinks Mary would be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom said he's studying French now.
Why shouldn't I come to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary would be surprised if you did that.
Tom said he's seen people do that.
Why do you want to do that now?
Tom thinks Mary would be amused by what's going on.
Tom said he's only done that once.
Why do you have to do that now?
Tom thinks Mary won't be amused by what's going on.
Tom said he's never taught French.
Why do we need to go to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom said he's hesitant to do that.
Why do we need to be in Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he's finished doing that.
Why do we have to go to Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that until lunchtime.
Tom said he'll be doing that soon.
Why do we have to be in Boston?
Tom thinks Mary will be doing that for a few hours.
Tom said he'd like to do that now.
Why didn't you want to do that?
Tom suggested to Mary that she go there by bicycle.
Tom said he'd consider doing that.
Why didn't you need to do that?
Tom still doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
Tom said he'd be back next Monday.
Why didn't you have to do that?
Tom soon found out why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't speak French.
Why did that make a difference?
Tom should've been quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he won't do that anymore.
Why can't we go to Boston, too?
Tom should tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom said he wasn't good at French.
Who does this jacket belong to?
Tom should probably tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom said he was unable to do that.
Who does this camera belong to?
Tom should probably tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom said he was too young to vote.
Who do you think would be best?
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be frightened.
Tom said he was somewhat confused.
Who do you always do that with?
Tom should probably tell Mary he's going to Boston.
Tom said he was happy he did that.
Who came up with this schedule?
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't like John.
Tom said he wants to write a book.
Who buys these kinds of things?
Tom should probably not tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom said he wants to study French.
Which bicycle do you like best?
Tom says if he doesn't do that, Mary will be angry.
Tom said he wants to be a teacher.
Where should we stay in Boston?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he wanted to leave early.
Where do you intend to do that?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he walked home yesterday.
When will you return to Boston?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom said he tried to do that once.
When it rains, I don't do that.
Tom says he doesn't care whether Mary stays or not.
Tom said he thinks he can do that.
When do you want me to do that?
Tom says he didn't know Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he sold his car for $300.
What's your grandmother's name?
Tom says Mary doesn't think John did that to Alice.
Tom said he plans to study French.
What you're doing is unethical.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John actually did that.
Tom said he needs to study French.
What you're doing is dangerous.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John really did that.
Tom said he needs to get some air.
What kind of girls do you like?
Tom said that wasn't the real reason Mary did that.
Tom said he likes teaching French.
What kind of games do you like?
Tom said that Mary's complaining didn't bother him.
Tom said he likes studying French.
What exactly do you need to do?
Tom said that Mary will do that as soon as she can.
Tom said he likes speaking French.
What exactly do you have to do?
Tom said that Mary wasn't living in Boston anymore.
Tom said he liked teaching French.
What do you put into your stew?
Tom said that Mary thought doing that would be fun.
Tom said he liked studying French.
What did that look like to you?
Tom said that Mary shouldn't have been so careless.
Tom said he liked speaking French.
We'll never go to Boston again.
Tom said that Mary said she didn't like to do that.
Tom said he learned something new.
We'll do that even if it rains.
Tom said that Mary couldn't wait to see John again.
Tom said he knew he could do that.
We were busy all day yesterday.
Tom said he's tired of waiting for Mary to do that.
Tom said he kept asking questions.
We seldom go to Boston anymore.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary has to do that.
Tom said he jumped out of the way.
We sat down and started eating.
Tom said he'd probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom said he hoped he won the race.
We often see foxes around here.
Tom said he'd like to know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said he hasn't studied French.
We live in different countries.
Tom said he wished he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said he has to get more sleep.
We didn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wanted Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom said he feels like doing that.
We did that a couple weeks ago.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he feared for his safety.
This isn't the time to do that.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said he enjoyed the challenge.
This is where I found your key.
Tom said he thought Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said he doesn't smoke anymore.
This is a very comfortable bed.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said he didn't know the rules.
These lenses are scratch-proof.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he couldn't speak French.
These jeans are too big for me.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said he could help us do that.
There's still a lot more to do.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said he considered doing that.
There's no time to do that now.
Tom said he knew where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom said he acted in self-defense.
There's no easy way to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said goodnight to his parents.
There are more of them than us.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said doing that would be safe.
The window in my room is dirty.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said doing that wasn't enough.
The concert is about the begin.
Tom said he expected Mary do the same thing he did.
Tom said I needed to study French.
That would be impossible to do.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom said I looked really confused.
Tell me why you went to Boston.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that today.
Tom said I looked like an old man.
Someone's doing that right now.
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary do that again.
Tom said I looked like I was busy.
Please let me buy that for you.
Tom said he didn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom said I don't get enough sleep.
Please don't speak French here.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let me do that.
Tom said I didn't sound surprised.
Please don't forget to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had to do that again.
Tom said I didn't sound convinced.
Please don't come here anymore.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said I didn't sound confident.
Perhaps you'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom said I didn't need to do that.
Perhaps I need to do that, too.
Tom said Mary would probably go to Boston with him.
Tom returned to Australia in 2013.
Our troubles are far from over.
Tom said Mary would probably be willing to do that.
Tom retired from the Navy in 2013.
Our train was three hours late.
Tom said Mary would likely not know how to do that.
Tom retired from teaching in 2013.
Our proposal wasn't acceptable.
Tom said Mary would likely be motivated to do that.
Tom retired from politics in 2013.
Our problems are far from over.
Tom said Mary was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom retired from coaching in 2013.
Now's the time we should leave.
Tom said Mary was sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom repaired his watch by himself.
My plan is to do that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary was likely to be hesitant to do that.
Tom reluctantly agreed to do that.
My mother told me to come home.
Tom said Mary was hoping you could do that for her.
Tom refused to sign the documents.
My mother has gotten remarried.
Tom said Mary thought he might not want to do that.
Tom recommended these books to me.
My lawyer told me it was legal.
Tom said Mary thought he might not need to do that.
Tom really wants to sing with you.
My last day of work was Monday.
Tom said Mary thought he might not have to do that.
Tom really wants to do that today.
My job description has changed.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John why she did that.
Tom really wants to do that again.
My injuries weren't so serious.
Tom said Mary shouldn't tell John how she did that.
Tom really wanted to study French.
My house needs to be repainted.
Tom said Mary probably couldn't do that by herself.
Tom really should've tried harder.
My house doesn't have a garage.
Tom said Mary needs to do that as soon as possible.
Tom really enjoys being a teacher.
My friends did that without me.
Tom said Mary knew she might be allowed to do that.
Tom really doesn't need the money.
My father told me an old story.
Tom said Mary knew he might be required to do that.
Tom really does do that sometimes.
My family seldom eats together.
Tom said Mary is still not very good at doing that.
Tom really didn't want to do that.
My family owns this restaurant.
Tom said Mary is probably still willing to do that.
Tom reached the finish line first.
My dog was run over by a truck.
Tom said Mary is probably still tempted to do that.
Tom rarely ever does that anymore.
My contract is for three years.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to her retirement.
Tom rarely does that before lunch.
My children can't speak French.
Tom said Mary is going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom ran away as soon as he saw me.
My children are already asleep.
Tom said Mary has to do that before John gets here.
Tom put the box down on the table.
My car isn't where I parked it.
Tom said Mary has only done that about three times.
Tom put his cup down on the table.
My business is doing very well.
Tom said Mary has been to Australia more than once.
Tom put his T-shirt on inside out.
My bedroom only has one window.
Tom said Mary gets home every Monday at about 2:30.
Tom put a fence around his garden.
My barn burned down last night.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that yesterday.
Tom promised not to do that again.
Most people here don't do that.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that for Alice.
Tom promised not to be late again.
Most people here can't do that.
Tom said Mary didn't seem to be willing to do that.
Tom promised me he'd study French.
More research needs to be done.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary about what happened.
Tom probably hasn't gone home yet.
Men and boys shouldn't do that.
Tom said I should've asked Mary to help me do that.
Tom probably doesn't speak French.
Let's not do that by ourselves.
Tom reminded Mary that she needed to do that today.
Tom probably did that last Monday.
Let's go to Boston next spring.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary let you do that.
Tom prefers to do that on his own.
It's very important to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary kept doing that.
Tom plans on studying French, too.
It's useless to try doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is ignoring him.
Tom passed his French examination.
It's time to turn on the light.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary hasn't left yet.
Tom passed away in 2013 in Boston.
It's hard doing that every day.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary was yesterday.
Tom owes his success to good luck.
It's easy to do that, isn't it?
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom only spent three days in jail.
It's annoying when you do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Tom only does what he wants to do.
It's a good day for doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary isn't Canadian.
Tom only does what he needs to do.
It'll be depressing to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Tom often laughs at his own jokes.
It wouldn't be easy to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Tom often goes abroad on business.
It would be logical to do that.
Tom pretended not to hear Mary and John whispering.
Tom often forgets to pay his rent.
It would be fun to do that now.
Tom isn't likely to permit Mary to do that for him.
Tom often complains about his job.
It would be foolish to do that.
Tom isn't going to be very happy if Mary does that.
Tom no longer works at the clinic.
It was very hot inside the bus.
Tom is the only one who ever really talked to Mary.
Tom never takes me out for dinner.
It was very foolish to do that.
Tom is positive that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom never stays out late at night.
It was a lot of fun doing that.
Tom is lucky that Mary is still willing to do that.
Tom never lost his sense of humor.
It should be OK to do that now.
Tom is likely to be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom never had hip problems before.
It makes good sense to do that.
Tom has told Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
Tom never forgets to pay his rent.
Is your new coat black or gray?
Tom has told Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Tom never expected this to happen.
Is it all right to do that now?
Tom has decided Mary is the one who should do that.
Tom never did what you say he did.
In case of emergency, call 911.
Tom has advised Mary not to start doing that again.
Tom never did finish his homework.
If I had the time, I'd do that.
Tom had no idea what Mary was thinking about doing.
Tom never complains about his job.
I've never seen you cry before.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she told him she needed.
Tom never comes to Boston anymore.
I've never done that, you know.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom needs to learn how to do that.
I've grown tired of doing that.
Tom doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom needs to know the reasons why.
I've filled the jug with water.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit him to do that.
Tom must've wanted to leave early.
I've done that countless times.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom must be in really great shape.
I've been asked not to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom must be doing something wrong.
I'm very sorry that I did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom must be doing something right.
I'm very determined to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow John to do that.
Tom must be determined to do that.
I'm thinking of doing that now.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit John to do that.
Tom might be charged with perjury.
I'm thinking about the problem.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with him.
Tom may do that wherever he wants.
I'm the only guy in this class.
Tom doesn't think Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom may do that anywhere he wants.
I'm still reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to want to do that.
Tom managed to escape from prison.
I'm still not fluent in French.
Tom doesn't really think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom managed to do that on his own.
I'm still doing the same thing.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like his friends.
Tom managed to do that by himself.
I'm prohibited from doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John hate each other.
Tom makes things very easy for me.
I'm not too old to do that yet.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is a Canadian or not.
Tom made up his mind to try again.
I'm not sure what I need to do.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can sing well or not.
Tom made several serious mistakes.
I'm not sure what I have to do.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can cook well or not.
Tom lost the job he had in Boston.
I'm not sure I need to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom looks very happy this morning.
I'm not any good at doing that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom looked very comfortable to me.
I'm nervous whenever I do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in Boston this week.
Tom looked like he was in a hurry.
I'm daughter drew me a picture.
Tom didn't think Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom looked like he was having fun.
I'm allowed to do that anymore.
Tom didn't think Mary would be at school on Monday.
Tom looked back over his shoulder.
I'll try my hardest to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom looked back at me and grinned.
I'll study French this evening.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom looked at me again and smiled.
I'll see what I can do to help.
Tom didn't think Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom looked around the locker room.
I'll only do that if I have to.
Tom didn't tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom lives with his wife in Boston.
I'll have to do that by myself.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wanted to find another job.
Tom lives over there on that hill.
I'll do that only if I have to.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what Mary was doing.
Tom lived there about three years.
I'll do that as long as I live.
Tom didn't seem convinced that Mary had to do that.
Tom lived in Australia until 2013.
I'd visit Boston if I were you.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was having fun or not.
Tom let his dog loose in the yard.
I'd prefer not to go to Boston.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was a Canadian or not.
Tom left the police force in 2013.
I'd prefer not to do that here.
Tom didn't know what Mary was thinking about doing.
Tom left his son alone in the car.
I'd never try to do that alone.
Tom didn't know that Mary wouldn't be at the party.
Tom left high school at seventeen.
I'd love to visit Boston again.
Tom didn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom leaves for Australia tomorrow.
I'd like you to do that for me.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's ex-girlfriend.
Tom knows what you're looking for.
I'd like a hamburger and fries.
Tom didn't know how much money he should give Mary.
Tom knows very little about music.
I'd go to Boston if I were you.
Tom didn't know how long Mary expected him to wait.
Tom knows tonight will be special.
I'd be glad to do that for you.
Tom didn't know Mary was supposed to do that today.
Tom knows that won't happen today.
I would've bought that for you.
Tom could tell that Mary wasn't having a good time.
Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I worked on a farm last summer.
Tom could easily have stopped Mary from doing that.
Tom knows every trick in the book.
I wonder why I need to do that.
Tom assured Mary that he would never do that again.
Tom knows every inch of this area.
I won't likely need to do that.
Tom asked me to try to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom knows all about what happened.
I won't likely have to do that.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom knows I'm supposed to do that.
I won't have to do that myself.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to meet John.
Tom knew what he was getting into.
I won't be in Boston next week.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that by herself.
Tom knew tonight would be special.
I won't be doing that tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that by herself.
Tom knew the job wouldn't be easy.
I won't attend today's meeting.
Tom asked Mary if she knew who John was married to.
Tom just wants love and attention.
I wish you knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary have known each other for a long time.
Tom just does what he wants to do.
I wish to speak to the manager.
Tom and Mary don't do that as much as they used to.
Tom just does what he needs to do.
I wish people wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what should be done.
Tom isn't young enough to do that.
I wish I hadn't gone to Boston.
Tom admitted he didn't do what Mary told him to do.
Tom isn't the only one who's busy.
I wish I had been more careful.
Tom admitted he did what Mary said he shouldn't do.
Tom isn't teaching French anymore.
I went for a walk on the beach.
Neither Tom nor Mary is very likely to wait for us.
Tom isn't supposed to eat peanuts.
I wasn't sure I should do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom isn't supposed to be sleeping.
I wasn't sure I had to do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be nervous if Mary were here.
Tom isn't someone you can replace.
I wasn't old enough to do that.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary can't speak French.
Tom isn't ready to do that either.
I wasn't in Boston last winter.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that for Mary.
Tom isn't old enough to drive yet.
I wasn't able to do that today.
I thought Tom was going to ask Mary not to do that.
Tom isn't old enough to drink yet.
I was too tired to do anything.
I think Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
Tom isn't likely to be upset.
I was the first one to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary had gotten married.
Tom isn't likely to be tired.
I was living in Boston in 2013.
You knew Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't you?
Tom isn't likely to be ready.
I was just in Boston last week.
You knew Tom had to help Mary do that, didn't you?
Tom isn't likely to be first.
I was hoping you could do that.
Tom would've done that if Mary hadn't stopped him.
Tom isn't likely to be early.
I was asked to speak in French.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't studying in her room.
Tom isn't likely to be drunk.
I wanted both of them to leave.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't tell John to do that.
Tom isn't likely to be bored.
I want you to do that tomorrow.
Tom wondered who Mary had gotten the flowers from.
Tom isn't likely to be awake.
I want to try to do that again.
Tom wondered who Mary expected to clean the house.
Tom isn't likely to be alone.
I want to speak to you at 2:30.
Tom wondered where Mary spent her summer vacation.
Tom isn't good at speaking French.
I want to speak to the manager.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she wants to know.
Tom isn't being forced to do that.
I want to learn how to do that.
Tom won't be able to convince Mary not to do that.
Tom isn't as old as he says he is.
I want to go swimming with you.
Tom will take care of Mary's dog while she's away.
Tom isn't afraid to do that again.
I want to go home, but I can't.
Tom will probably tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom isn't able to do that tonight.
I want to get home before dark.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom is younger than he says he is.
I want to get better at French.
Tom will probably tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom is working on his third album.
I want to eat some pumpkin pie.
Tom will probably tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom is waiting for that to happen.
I want to do that, but I can't.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to drive too fast.
Tom is very stingy with his money.
I want to do everything myself.
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll never leave her.
Tom is very proud of his students.
I want to buy a new smartphone.
Tom will probably tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom is very proud of his daughter.
I want to become a voice actor.
Tom wasn't the one who taught Mary how to do that.
Tom is very determined to do that.
I walked three miles yesterday.
Tom wasn't the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Tom is usually the first one here.
I used to work in a restaurant.
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Tom is usually at home on Mondays.
I used to come to Boston a lot.
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Tom is trying to make that happen.
I try not to eat between meals.
Tom was able to answer Mary's technical questions.
Tom is too weak to get out of bed.
I try not to complain too much.
Tom warned Mary what would happen if she did that.
Tom is too sick to get out of bed.
I tried to make both ends meet.
Tom told Mary that he was happy that she did that.
Tom is too old to do that anymore.
I thought you wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unemployed.
Tom is too nervous to do that now.
I think you'll pass this class.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was suspicious.
Tom is too generous with his time.
I think you should do that now.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was prejudiced.
Tom is the youngest of three boys.
I think we should visit Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was optimistic.
Tom is the youngest in his family.
I think we should go to Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was interested.
Tom is the third name on the list.
I think that I want to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was frustrated.
Tom is the shortest person I know.
I think doing that would be OK.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was frightened.
Tom is the person we want to hire.
I think I'd be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was downstairs.
Tom is the only vegetarian I know.
I think I should buy a new car.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dependable.
Tom is the one who should do that.
I think I can probably do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was courageous.
Tom is the one who has to do that.
I think I can do that if I try.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was aggressive.
Tom is the one who had to do that.
I taught French many years ago.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was beautiful.
Tom is the most likely to do that.
I still haven't washed the car.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was upset.
Tom is the head of our department.
I still haven't mowed the lawn.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was funny.
Tom is swimming with some friends.
I still have a house in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was crazy.
Tom is supposed to be in his room.
I signed a three-year contract.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was brave.
Tom is such an interesting person.
I shouldn't need any more help.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was bossy.
Tom is still too young to do that.
I shouldn't have left so early.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was alive.
Tom is still sitting on the bench.
I should've refused to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have time to do that.
Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I should've done that with you.
Tom told Mary that he didn't feel like doing that.
Tom is reluctant to talk about it.
I should've asked you for help.
Tom told Mary it would be safe for her to do that.
Tom is really good with his hands.
I should try to do that, right?
Tom told Mary it was dangerous for her to do that.
Tom is probably alone in his room.
I should never have to do that.
Tom told Mary I couldn't do that without his help.
Tom is probably a really nice guy.
I should leave before it rains.
Tom thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom is planning a trip in October.
I should know better at my age.
Tom thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom is old enough to travel alone.
I should be allowed to do that.
Tom thought Mary would be bored, but he was wrong.
Tom is now taller than his mother.
I really don't want to be here.
Tom thinks Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom is much smarter than he looks.
I realized what my mistake was.
Tom thinks Mary won't be the first one to do that.
Tom is most likely doing that now.
I probably won't do that today.
Tom thinks Mary won't be interested in doing that.
Tom is merely stating the obvious.
I parked the car in the garage.
Tom thinks Mary will be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom is married and has a daughter.
I never would agree to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be through doing that by now.
Tom is making us look like idiots.
I never wanted to be a teacher.
Tom thinks Mary will be amused by what's going on.
Tom is lucky he didn't get killed.
I never do that in the morning.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he'd be late.
Tom is likely to still be thirsty.
I need to speak to the manager.
Tom still doesn't think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom is likely to still be outside.
I need to lose a bit of weight.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary that he's going to Boston.
Tom is likely to still be nervous.
I need to learn how to do that.
Tom should've been furious at Mary for doing that.
Tom is likely to still be grouchy.
I need to know what to do next.
Tom should've been faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be curious.
I need to know the reasons why.
Tom should've been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is likely to still be at home.
I need to go do that right now.
Tom should've asked Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom is likely to enjoy doing that.
I need to get ready for school.
Tom should tell Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom is likely to be in Boston now.
I need to buy another computer.
Tom should tell Mary that he wants her to do that.
Tom is likely to be busy tomorrow.
I may work in Boston next year.
Tom should tell Mary he wants to find another job.
Tom is learning to deal with that.
I may have to do that tomorrow.
Tom should tell Mary he doesn't intend to do that.
Tom is helping out in the kitchen.
I may be in Boston next Monday.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom is happiest when he's at home.
I looked back over my shoulder.
Tom should probably tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom is good at making milk shakes.
I looked around the empty room.
Tom should probably tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom is getting married in October.
I know you'll be here tomorrow.
Tom should probably tell Mary he'll never do that.
Tom is dressed in green and white.
I know you didn't go to Boston.
Tom should probably tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom is determined to go to Boston.
I know why you want to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary about what happened.
Tom is considering not doing that.
I know why you need to do that.
Tom should be able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom is carrying a black briefcase.
I know why you have to do that.
Tom is being quiet for the moment.
I know why I shouldn't do that.
Tom says he understands why Mary wants to do that.
Tom is aware it's not always easy.
I know where you hid the money.
Tom says he knows Mary won't pass her French test.
Tom is as talkative as his father.
I know what you're going to do.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't be afraid to do that.
Tom is all packed and ready to go.
I know what those are used for.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who wants to do that.
Tom is actually very conservative.
I know what I need to do today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who she should avoid.
Tom is actually a really nice guy.
I know what I have to do today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who needs to do that.
Tom is able to do that on his own.
I know that won't happen today.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she ought to do that.
Tom is able to do that by himself.
I know it was you who did that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she needs to do that.
Tom is a very talented songwriter.
I know how you feel about that.
Tom says he heard that Mary wanted to change jobs.
Tom is a very intelligent student.
I know how to fly a helicopter.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary will do that today.
Tom is a very hard-working person.
I know all about what happened.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom is a very good French teacher.
I know I'm supposed to do that.
Tom says he didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom is a very experienced referee.
I know I'm running out of time.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go sailing.
Tom is a retired registered nurse.
I know I want to do that today.
Tom sat down on a chair next to Mary's wheelchair.
Tom is a reporter based in Boston.
I know I need to do that today.
Tom said that Mary wasn't studying French anymore.
Tom is a musician like his father.
I know I have to do that today.
Tom said that Mary thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom is a lazy and always has been.
I know I don't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom is a good violinist, isn't he?
I know I don't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary had a lot of fun at your party.
Tom is a foreign exchange student.
I knew doing that would be fun.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom invited his friends to dinner.
I knew I might need to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom introduced me to his daughter.
I knew I might have to do that.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom introduced his daughter to me.
I keep making the same mistake.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom insisted he wasn't in the car.
I hope to visit Boston someday.
Tom said he was hoping he could help Mary do that.
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.
I hope to do that next weekend.
Tom said he was going to go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom hung a light from the ceiling.
I hope I don't need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom hopes to do that this weekend.
I hope I don't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room studying.
Tom hopes it doesn't come to that.
I hope I didn't disappoint you.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom hoped he'd be able to do that.
I hope I can visit Boston soon.
Tom said he thinks he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom hid the money in his basement.
I hope I can go to Boston soon.
Tom said he talked with Mary about that yesterday.
Tom helped me out countless times.
I heard that you would do that.
Tom said he saw Mary kissing John behind the barn.
Tom hasn't told me who helped him.
I heard that you won't do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might need to do that today.
Tom hasn't taught French in years.
I heard that you can't do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might have to do that today.
Tom hasn't seen much of the world.
I haven't yet tried to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom hasn't said anything publicly.
I haven't slept for three days.
Tom said he hoped Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom hasn't really talked about it.
I haven't read all these books.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom hasn't played ball in a while.
I haven't done that very often.
Tom said he didn't want to eat the stew Mary made.
Tom hasn't coached in three years.
I have trouble speaking French.
Tom said he didn't want Mary to come to his party.
Tom hasn't been very happy lately.
I have to go to band rehearsal.
Tom said he didn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom has written a number of books.
I have to go feed the chickens.
Tom said he didn't think Mary knew how to do that.
Tom has won all three races today.
I have to get my house painted.
Tom said he didn't think Mary did that very often.
Tom has two sisters who are twins.
I hate driving when it's foggy.
Tom said he didn't think Mary did that on purpose.
Tom has tried to fix the computer.
I had to be in Boston all week.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom has too much class to do that.
I had no reason not to do that.
Tom said he didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom has told me he has to do that.
I had no idea I was being rude.
Tom said he assumed Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom has told me I need to do that.
I guess I could try to do that.
Tom said he arrived a few minutes before Mary did.
Tom has told me I have to do that.
I get up at 6:30 every morning.
Tom said essentially the same thing that Mary did.
Tom has to be planning to do that.
I found some money in the park.
Tom said Mary wouldn't be excused from doing that.
Tom has things he still has to do.
I forgot I promised to do that.
Tom said Mary would probably still be cooperative.
Tom has the most to gain by lying.
I find doing that disagreeable.
Tom said Mary would probably be unable to do that.
Tom has some friends in Australia.
I felt betrayed and humiliated.
Tom said Mary would probably be afraid to do that.
Tom has shown he can't be trusted.
I enjoyed myself at your party.
Tom said Mary would likely not be able to do that.
Tom has several scars on his arms.
I doubt that will happen today.
Tom said Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom has seizures almost every day.
I don't want to work in Boston.
Tom said Mary was likely to be through doing that.
Tom has run away from home before.
I don't want to try doing that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be tempted to do that.
Tom has requested that we do that.
I don't want to talk right now.
Tom said Mary was likely to be safe where she was.
Tom has recorded as a solo artist.
I don't want to seem desperate.
Tom said Mary was likely to be fascinated by that.
Tom has promised to do that today.
I don't want to read that book.
Tom said Mary was happy that you did that for him.
Tom has promised to do that again.
I don't want to go to the park.
Tom said Mary told him she was sick of doing that.
Tom has promised to change things.
I don't want to go to the lake.
Tom said Mary shouldn't have told John about that.
Tom has probably done that by now.
I don't want to go back Boston.
Tom said Mary knew he might be allowed to do that.
Tom has overstepped his authority.
I don't want to go any further.
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that.
Tom has now agreed not to do that.
I don't want to do that myself.
Tom said Mary knew John might not need to do that.
Tom has never spoken French to me.
I don't want to do it that way.
Tom said Mary knew John might not have to do that.
Tom has never played center field.
I don't want any of this stuff.
Tom said Mary isn't sure whether John can do that.
Tom has never been faster than me.
I don't usually walk to school.
Tom said Mary is probably still afraid to do that.
Tom has never been a great player.
I don't think we could do that.
Tom said Mary is pretty good at playing the piano.
Tom has never been a close friend.
I don't think this makes sense.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to being retired.
Tom has never attempted to escape.
I don't think I'll do that now.
Tom said Mary hasn't been punished for doing that.
Tom has more money than is needed.
I don't think I'd ever do that.
Tom said Mary hasn't been forgiven for doing that.
Tom has learned from his mistakes.
I don't think I had to do that.
Tom said Mary has only been to Boston three times.
Tom has just started working here.
I don't swim as well as you do.
Tom said Mary has been feeling depressed recently.
Tom has just had a very good year.
I don't really want to do this.
Tom said Mary has been asked not to do that again.
Tom has his sweater on inside out.
I don't really plan to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that to Alice.
Tom has had a very difficult year.
I don't really need to do this.
Tom said Mary didn't think John actually did that.
Tom has a contagious disease.
I don't really need to do that.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
Tom has earned a number of awards.
I don't really have to do that.
Tom said I should've asked Mary to do that for me.
Tom has done that for three years.
I don't play with toys anymore.
Tom refused to do what Mary told him he had to do.
Tom has done that for a few years.
I don't play the piano anymore.
Tom read the letter from Mary over and over again.
Tom has done that countless times.
I don't play tennis very often.
Tom probably doesn't really know how sick Mary is.
Tom has done so many other things.
I don't need to worry about it.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom has done a lot of good things.
I don't need to move to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom has done a good job in Boston.
I don't need any of this stuff.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary used to live.
Tom has definitely studied French.
I don't mind doing that at all.
Tom probably doesn't know what Mary hopes he does.
Tom has cut my hair several times.
I don't live too far from here.
Tom probably doesn't know how good a cook Mary is.
Tom has been watching TV all day.
I don't like watching baseball.
Tom probably couldn't talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom has been told he has to leave.
I don't like to watch baseball.
Tom pretended that he didn't hear Mary's question.
Tom has been studying really hard.
I don't like to sing sad songs.
Tom must've thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom has been studying all morning.
I don't like to sing in French.
Tom must've thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom has been sick since last week.
I don't like spinach very much.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he wouldn't do that.
Tom has been rushed to a hospital.
I don't like driving in Boston.
Tom isn't supposed to help Mary with her homework.
Tom has been rather busy recently.
I don't like carbonated drinks.
Tom isn't doing that because Mary told him not to.
Tom has been in prison since 2013.
I don't know which bus to take.
Tom is taking care of Mary's dog while she's away.
Tom has been in jail for 300 days.
I don't know where I should be.
Tom is playing chess with Mary in the dining room.
Tom has been in a coma for months.
I don't know what I need to do.
Tom is lucky that Mary forgave him for doing that.
Tom has been helping us with that.
I don't know what I have to do.
Tom hopes that Mary will teach him how to do that.
Tom has been gone three years now.
I don't know much about sports.
Tom has told Mary that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom has been gone for three years.
I don't know how to read music.
Tom has told Mary that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom has been gone for a long time.
I don't know all the rules yet.
Tom has enough money to buy everything Mary wants.
Tom has been fired more than once.
I don't intend to go by myself.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants her to do.
Tom has been doing that very well.
I don't have very many options.
Tom has already told Mary what he needs her to do.
Tom has been coming around lately.
I don't have very many friends.
Tom has already told Mary that she has to do that.
Tom has been busy since yesterday.
I don't have to work on Monday.
Tom has already bought what Mary asked him to buy.
Tom has been busy since last week.
I don't have to move to Boston.
Tom has a better chance of winning than Mary does.
Tom has been asked not to do that.
I don't have to do that either.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to need to do.
Tom has been an very good manager.
I don't have that many options.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to have to do.
Tom has been a very good customer.
I don't have many friends here.
Tom doesn't want to do that as badly as Mary does.
Tom has been a teacher since 2013.
I don't have everything I want.
Tom doesn't think Mary would permit me to do that.
Tom has been a really good mentor.
I don't have any strength left.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom has been a really good leader.
I don't have any classes today.
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow him to do that.
Tom has been a really good friend.
I don't have a fishing license.
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit him to do that.
Tom has apparently studied French.
I don't have a criminal record.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be tempted to do that.
Tom has apologized for doing that.
I don't get paid all that much.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be nervous doing that.
Tom has always been jealous of me.
I don't drink coffee every day.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that anymore.
Tom has always been a good singer.
I don't do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be allowed to do that.
Tom has advised me not to do that.
I don't care much for swimming.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow John to do that.
Tom has a very dry sense of humor.
I don't blame you for anything.
Tom doesn't think Mary should ask John to do that.
Tom has a very bubbly personality.
I don't always obey my parents.
Tom doesn't think Mary is finished doing that yet.
Tom has a very beautiful daughter.
I do that at least once a week.
Tom doesn't think Mary has enough time to do that.
Tom has a solution to the problem.
I discovered something amazing.
Tom doesn't see why Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom has a serious heart condition.
I didn't want to work overtime.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom has a scratch on his forehead.
I didn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John don't like him.
Tom has a right to defend himself.
I didn't want to take a chance.
Tom doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom has a double-barreled shotgun.
I didn't want to stand in line.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom has a computer just like mine.
I didn't want to sell my house.
Tom didn't think Mary would permit him to do that.
Tom has a bicycle just like yours.
I didn't want to pay that much.
Tom didn't think Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom has a T-shirt just like yours.
I didn't want to make a speech.
Tom didn't think Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom handed me the letter and left.
I didn't want to go to my room.
Tom didn't think Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom had to have his leg amputated.
I didn't want to give a speech.
Tom didn't think Mary would be drunk, but she was.
Tom had plenty of time to do that.
I didn't want to fight anymore.
Tom didn't think Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom had one son and two daughters.
I didn't want to eat leftovers.
Tom didn't think Mary was finished doing that yet.
Tom had nothing else in the world.
I didn't want to eat ice cream.
Tom didn't tell Mary to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom had no comment on the meeting.
I didn't want to do that today.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom had no choice but to run away.
I didn't want to do that again.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what Mary had done.
Tom had no choice about it at all.
I didn't want to clean my room.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom had never been in love before.
I didn't want to be left alone.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom had his chance and he blew it.
I didn't want to be here today.
Tom didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that.
Tom had an opportunity to do that.
I didn't want my picture taken.
Tom didn't know that Mary expected him to do that.
Tom had a right to defend himself.
I didn't want any more trouble.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that by herself.
Tom graduated second in his class.
I didn't try to hide the truth.
Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that by herself.
Tom got to ride a horse yesterday.
I didn't think you'd be scared.
Tom did everything the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom got on his bike and rode away.
I didn't think you'd be lonely.
Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom got in his car and started it.
I didn't think you were scared.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary would do that.
Tom got here thirty minutes early.
I didn't think you were lonely.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that Mary could do that.
Tom got exactly what he asked for.
I didn't think I'd get injured.
Tom bet Mary thirty dollars that he could do that.
Tom got behind the car and pushed.
I didn't think I would be here.
Tom assured Mary that they could do that together.
Tom got away disguised as a woman.
I didn't tell anyone who I was.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom got another chance to do that.
I didn't read the instructions.
Tom asked me if I knew how to get to Mary's house.
Tom got a job as a security guard.
I didn't need to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary really had to do that this week.
Tom goes to a school for the deaf.
I didn't mind living by myself.
Tom asked Mary why she thought she had to do that.
Tom glanced at the weather report.
I didn't mind doing the dishes.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked Thai food or not.
Tom gives us exactly what we need.
I didn't like the way did that.
Tom asked Mary if she would mind doing that later.
Tom gets up at 6:30 every morning.
I didn't like living in Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that today.
Tom gave me some practical advice.
I didn't like Boston very much.
Tom asked Mary if she really had to do that again.
Tom gave me exactly what I wanted.
I didn't know you were so lazy.
Tom asked Mary if she needed to do that right now.
Tom gave me exactly what I needed.
I didn't know which one to buy.
Tom and Mary wanted to walk on the beach together.
Tom gave me all the help I needed.
I didn't know what to say next.
Tom and Mary think I don't know their parents are.
Tom frequently forgets to do that.
I didn't know what I should do.
Tom almost forgot to tell Mary what she had to do.
Tom forgot to turn off the lights.
I didn't know what I had to do.
Tom admitted he did what Mary asked him not to do.
Tom forged his father's signature.
I didn't know it was a mistake.
There's no reason Tom needs to know what Mary did.
Tom felt he had to say something.
I didn't know how I could help.
Neither Tom nor Mary is supposed to be doing that.
Tom feels that he's ready to play.
I didn't know I should do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Tom expressed his dissatisfaction.
I didn't know I had to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Tom explained what had to be done.
I didn't intend to hurt anyone.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom explained the situation to us.
I didn't hear the rooster crow.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom eventually wound up in Boston.
I didn't have to do that alone.
I think Tom isn't sure that's what Mary has to do.
Tom eventually decided to do that.
I didn't have to come so early.
I think Tom could've stopped Mary from doing that.
Tom encouraged me to study French.
I didn't have my phone with me.
I think Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
Tom earns his living as a teacher.
I didn't have much of a choice.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom earns about $300,000 annually.
I didn't have much money on me.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want Mary to do that.
Tom drowned in his pool last week.
I didn't have anything to read.
I don't know what Tom and Mary were arguing about.
Tom drove himself to the hospital.
I didn't go shopping yesterday.
I didn't think Tom needed to tell Mary what to do.
Tom dried his clothes by the fire.
I didn't get to school in time.
I didn't know Tom until Mary introduced him to me.
I didn't feel up to doing that.
Fortunately, Tom didn't see Mary and John kissing.
Tom doesn't want to go to college.
I didn't feel that I was ready.
Didn't you know that Tom and I are Mary's parents?
Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I didn't expect to get a raise.
Didn't you know Tom was living with Mary's family?
Tom doesn't want to do that again.
I didn't expect this to happen.
Didn't you know Tom and John were Mary's brothers?
Tom doesn't trust doctors anymore.
I didn't do what you say I did.
Didn't you know Mary and Alice were Tom's sisters?
Tom doesn't think you can do that.
I didn't do that for very long.
Did you know Tom and Mary are John's grandparents?
Tom doesn't think I would do that.
I didn't do so well on my test.
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't think I could do that.
I didn't ask for your opinions.
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't still want to do that.
I didn't ask even one question.
You should tell Tom Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't still need to do that.
I didn't actually see anything.
Tom would've been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom doesn't still have to do that.
I didn't actually do that much.
Tom would be disappointed if Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be very upset.
I didn't actually believe that.
Tom wondered who Mary had bought the necktie for.
Tom doesn't seem to be very angry.
I didn't accept the invitation.
Tom won't likely tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be busy today.
I did that because I wanted to.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom doesn't really need the money.
I did that as often as I could.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't quite see it that way.
I could've bought that for you.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to go to college.
I could go home if I wanted to.
Tom won't be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom doesn't need to prove himself.
I could get hurt if I did that.
Tom won't be able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom doesn't need to do that again.
I can't very well do that here.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom doesn't make me laugh anymore.
I can't speak very much French.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom doesn't look worried about it.
I can't go to Boston next week.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom doesn't look very happy to me.
I can't find anyone to help me.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom doesn't look like he's lonely.
I can't find Boston on the map.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to be frightened.
Tom doesn't look happy to see you.
I can do that without any help.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't like the way you sing.
I can come to Boston next week.
Tom wasn't convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't like the way you cook.
I can be in Boston next Monday.
Tom was hoping he could persuade Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't like that idea at all.
I brought you a glass of water.
Tom wanted to be gone by the time Mary got there.
Tom doesn't like being unemployed.
I assumed you wouldn't do that.
Tom tried to apologize, but Mary wouldn't listen.
Tom doesn't know why you did that.
How was your dinner last night?
Tom told me you're a better drummer than Mary is.
Tom doesn't know where he belongs.
How often do you go to the zoo?
Tom told me that Mary has decided not to do that.
Tom doesn't know much about birds.
How often do you go to parties?
Tom told Mary that she's forgiven for doing that.
Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
How often do you go to museums?
Tom told Mary that she needed to be more careful.
Tom doesn't have to live this way.
How often do you get headaches?
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last weekend.
Tom doesn't have his phone on him.
How much longer should we wait?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was terrified.
Tom doesn't have any friends here.
How are we supposed to do that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was surprised.
Tom doesn't have a home right now.
Have you already paid the bill?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was skeptical.
Tom doesn't ever get here on time.
Have any of you ever done that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was in Boston.
Tom doesn't even know how to swim.
Hang your jacket in the closet.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was impressed.
Tom doesn't enjoy teaching French.
Even if it rains, I'll do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was impatient.
Tom doesn't enjoy giving speeches.
Don't you still work in Boston?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dishonest.
Tom doesn't do that kind of thing.
Don't you feel like doing that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was disgusted.
Tom doesn't appear to be too busy.
Don't we have to do that today?
Tom told Mary that he thought John was desperate.
Tom does want to go on to college.
Don't do that until after 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was depressed.
Tom does that even when he's sick.
Doing that would make me happy.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was dangerous.
Tom does that because he wants to.
Doing that would be very scary.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was courteous.
Tom does that because he likes to.
Doing that would be ridiculous.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was confident.
Tom does nothing all day but read.
Doing that will be very tiring.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was conceited.
Tom does everything the right way.
Doing that was very innovative.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had gone home.
Tom does almost everything for me.
Doing that likely won't be fun.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had done that.
Tom does a good job with the team.
Doing that is healthy exercise.
Tom told Mary that he thought John had been late.
Tom died with a smile on his face.
Do you regret having done that?
Tom told Mary that he thought John could do that.
Tom died of a heart attack Monday.
Do you really enjoy doing that?
Tom told Mary that he had decided not to do that.
Tom died in Boston of lung cancer.
Do you mind if I use your bike?
Tom told Mary that he had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom died in 2013 of liver failure.
Do you mind if I don't do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was slow.
Tom died in 2013 at the age of 30.
Do you mean you didn't do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was dead.
Tom died an extremely wealthy man.
Do you live with your daughter?
Tom told Mary that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want to wait that long.
Do you intend to do that today?
Tom told Mary that John was a good friend of his.
Tom didn't want to do it that way.
Do you intend to do that again?
Tom told Mary she should do that, but she didn't.
Tom didn't think we could do that.
Do you feel safe in your house?
Tom told Mary she could do that if she wanted to.
Tom didn't think it was a problem.
Do you ever take vitamin pills?
Tom told Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom didn't study French yesterday.
Do you always do your homework?
Tom told Mary not to forget to water the flowers.
Tom didn't study French last year.
Do we all need to study French?
Tom told Mary it would be fun for her to do that.
Tom didn't seem to know who I was.
Do we all have to study French?
Tom told Mary he'd never do anything to hurt her.
Tom didn't seem to be very sleepy.
Didn't you know that was there?
Tom thought he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom didn't seem to be discouraged.
Didn't you know it was snowing?
Tom thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom didn't say who should do that.
Didn't you know it was raining?
Tom thought Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom didn't really want to do that.
Didn't I tell you not to worry?
Tom thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom didn't really need to do that.
Did you speak French yesterday?
Tom thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't really have to do that.
Did you put sugar in my coffee?
Tom thinks Mary won't be the next one to do that.
Tom didn't need to wait very long.
Did you know you could do that?
Tom thinks Mary won't be the last one to do that.
Tom didn't need to wait that long.
Did you know that would happen?
Tom thinks Mary won't be awake when he gets home.
Tom didn't look like he was tired.
Did you go somewhere yesterday?
Tom thinks Mary will be the first one to do that.
Tom didn't look like he was happy.
Did you buy yourself a new car?
Tom thinks Mary will be interested in doing that.
Tom didn't know anything about it.
Could you open the gate for me?
Tom stood up and went to the door to let Mary in.
Tom didn't know about the meeting.
Could you help me tie my shoes?
Tom still doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom didn't have to wait that long.
Can you be in Boston on Monday?
Tom still doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom didn't have a good day either.
Boston is a nice place to live.
Tom spends a lot of money buying things for Mary.
Tom didn't give any other details.
Boston is a good place to live.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary he wants to quit his job.
Tom didn't give a specific reason.
Are your parents still married?
Tom should've married Mary instead of her sister.
Tom didn't feel sorry for himself.
Are you sure I need to do that?
Tom should've done that the way Mary told him to.
Tom didn't expect to fall in love.
Are you sure I have to do that?
Tom should tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tom didn't do what you say he did.
Are you still a violin teacher?
Tom should probably tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom didn't do what he says he did.
Are you going to work tomorrow?
Tom should probably tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom didn't appear to be too tired.
Are you going to do that alone?
Tom should probably tell Mary to stop doing that.
Tom didn't appear to be too happy.
Are you determined to go there?
Tom should probably tell Mary to quit doing that.
Tom did what he had planned to do.
All of us want to visit Boston.
Tom should probably tell Mary to do that for him.
Tom did what he felt he had to do.
All of us want to study French.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom did that without any problems.
All of us want to go to Boston.
Tom should let Mary study French if she wants to.
Tom did that very fast, didn't he?
A wise person wouldn't do that.
Tom seemed to want to do that more than Mary did.
Tom did that pretty well, I think.
Yours is a blue bag, isn't it?
Tom seemed to understand why Mary had to do that.
Tom did that by himself yesterday.
Your technique is interesting.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't do that.
Tom did that as often as he could.
Your room needs to be cleaned.
Tom seemed convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom devoted his life to education.
Your predictions were correct.
Tom seemed convinced that Mary needed to do that.
Tom definitely deserves the award.
Your name was never mentioned.
Tom says that Mary isn't very good at doing that.
Tom decided to go a different way.
Your handshake is very strong.
Tom says if Mary doesn't do that, he'll be angry.
Tom decided that I should do that.
Your guitar playing isn't bad.
Tom says he knows Mary will eventually leave him.
Tom cut three meters off the rope.
Your fingers are really short.
Tom says he just couldn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom currently resides near Boston.
Your French is almost perfect.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't want him to do that.
Tom currently owns three vehicles.
Your French has gotten better.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't tell him to do that.
Tom cried when he heard the story.
You've got a really big mouth.
Tom says he hopes Mary will be able to do that, too.
Tom couldn't force you to do that.
You've already drunk too much.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to give that to.
Tom could've done that on his own.
You're the richest man I know.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who to ask for help.
Tom could've done that by himself.
You're the richest guy I know.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't refuse to do that.
Tom could've been more supportive.
You're the only one I've told.
Tom says he heard Mary was pretty good at French.
Tom could stop us from doing that.
You're the one I want to meet.
Tom says he hasn't seen Mary since they broke up.
Tom could stop me from doing that.
You're suspicious, aren't you?
Tom says he doesn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom could get hurt if he did that.
You're not too old to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom could do that if he wanted to.
You're colorblind, aren't you?
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom could be skeptical about that.
You're acting like a big baby.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom could be reluctant to do that.
You're a very talented person.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom could be motivated to do that.
You're a very generous person.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom could be doing that right now.
You're a very creative person.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to eat pizza.
Tom could be desperate to do that.
You're a really good listener.
Tom says he didn't know Mary helped John do that.
Tom could be charged with perjury.
You're a lot taller than I am.
Tom says he and Mary are planning to get married.
Tom could be a very rich man soon.
You're a lot like your father.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John really did that.
Tom continued talking for a while.
You're a good football player.
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John would do that.
Tom certainly won't do that again.
You're a busy man, aren't you?
Tom says Mary doesn't believe John could do that.
Tom certainly wasn't ready for it.
You're a bit taller than I am.
Tom said that he couldn't wait to see Mary again.
Tom can't solve the problem alone.
You're a bit like your father.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom can't know the answer to that.
You'll be too busy to do that.
Tom said that Mary wanted to talk to the manager.
Tom can still do that pretty well.
You'd better not do that here.
Tom said that Mary thought John was good-looking.
Tom can do that without your help.
You'd better do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be enjoying herself.
Tom can do that wherever he wants.
You suggested that we do that.
Tom said that Mary really did do that by herself.
Tom can do that anywhere he wants.
You shouldn't do that so much.
Tom said that Mary needed to talk to the manager.
Tom came in just as I was leaving.
You should've been doing that.
Tom said that Mary has been sick in bed all week.
Tom built a trap to catch rabbits.
You should do that more often.
Tom said that Mary and John are also his friends.
Tom begged me to help him do that.
You should definitely do that.
Tom said it was him who should help Mary do that.
Tom baked some brownies yesterday.
You should be able to do that.
Tom said it was Mary who borrowed his sunglasses.
Tom asked us why we had done that.
You seemed to want to do that.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to do that yesterday.
Tom asked me why I studied French.
You seemed a little surprised.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom asked me to pass him the salt.
You seem unwilling to do that.
Tom said he wished Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom asked me to come to his house.
You seem to know who did that.
Tom said he wasn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom asked me not to do that again.
You seem full of energy today.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary to help him.
Tom asked me if I knew how to sew.
You seem a little embarrassed.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary to be there.
Tom asked if he needed to do that.
You said you'd do that for us.
Tom said he wasn't aware that Mary had done that.
Tom answered no to both questions.
You said you'd do that for me.
Tom said he wanted to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom answered all of our questions.
You really do need to do that.
Tom said he wanted to go to Boston to visit Mary.
Tom and his staff can manage that.
You really do have to do that.
Tom said he tried to help Mary with her homework.
Tom and I've gotten back together.
You offered to do that for us.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom and I'll leave this afternoon.
You need to wait a bit longer.
Tom said he thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom and I'd like to be left alone.
You need to do that right now.
Tom said he saw Mary playing badminton with John.
Tom and I worked out our problems.
You need to do that carefully.
Tom said he saw Mary and John kissing each other.
Tom and I work very well together.
You might die if you eat that.
Tom said he knew why Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom and I weren't sure what to do.
You may as well do that today.
Tom said he knew what Mary thought she should do.
Tom and I weren't happy in Boston.
You lost your key, didn't you?
Tom said he hopes Mary won't be late again today.
Tom and I weren't able to do that.
You look like you're thinking.
Tom said he hoped Mary would come to his concert.
Tom and I were too tired to fight.
You look like you just got up.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and I were the only survivors.
You look like you belong here.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom and I were married in October.
You look like a weight lifter.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom and I were downtown yesterday.
You look like a tired old man.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary does that anymore.
Tom and I went to church together.
You look as if you're in pain.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would've done that.
Tom and I went to Boston together.
You live in Boston, don't you?
Tom said he didn't think Mary had ever done that.
Tom and I wanted to be left alone.
You know I can't speak French.
Tom said he didn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom and I used to go out together.
You have to do that right now.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could've done that.
Tom and I used to be good friends.
You felt repulsed, didn't you?
Tom said Mary would probably know how to do that.
Tom and I sat together on the bus.
You fed the sheep, didn't you?
Tom said Mary would likely go to Boston with him.
Tom and I sat opposite each other.
You don't like school, do you?
Tom said Mary will probably still be cooperative.
Tom and I relax in different ways.
You don't have a cold, do you?
Tom said Mary went to a movie with him last week.
Tom and I often hang out together.
You didn't tell me to do that.
Tom said Mary wasn't amused by what was going on.
Tom and I often do the same thing.
You did that better this time.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help John do that.
Tom and I often did that together.
You designed this, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was too drunk to help John do that.
Tom and I often argue about money.
You could've done that better.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be unconvinced.
Tom and I live on the same street.
You ate something, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be pessimistic.
Tom and I left the party together.
You ate breakfast, didn't you?
Tom said Mary was likely to still be intoxicated.
Tom and I have everything we want.
You agreed to help us do that.
Tom said Mary was hoping she could cheer John up.
Tom and I have everything we need.
Would you please wait a while?
Tom said Mary was glad that you did that for him.
Tom and I have both taught French.
Would you like to be a lawyer?
Tom said Mary was asleep by the time he got home.
Tom and I had to change our plans.
Would you like some beer, too?
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that.
Tom and I got married this winter.
Would you be happy to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that.
Tom and I got married last winter.
Would you allow me to do that?
Tom said Mary thought John might have to do that.
Tom and I go to the same hospital.
Would you all please be quiet?
Tom said Mary should've gone to Boston with John.
Tom and I flew to Boston together.
Would it be OK not to do that?
Tom said Mary ought to do that in the other room.
Tom and I exchanged phone numbers.
Will you please shut the gate?
Tom said Mary only does that if John is watching.
Tom and I enjoy swimming together.
Will you please do that again?
Tom said Mary needs to do that before she leaves.
Tom and I each took a sip of wine.
Will you or won't you do that?
Tom said Mary knew she might not need to do that.
Tom and I do many things together.
Will you have time to do that?
Tom said Mary knew she might not have to do that.
Tom and I did everything we could.
Will you go to the bank today?
Tom said Mary has done that several times before.
Tom and I did everything together.
Will you do that or won't you?
Tom said Mary has been trying to do that all day.
Tom and I come from the same town.
Will you do that now or later?
Tom said Mary had to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and I ate meatloaf for dinner.
Will you be free this evening?
Tom said Mary doesn't think John will like Alice.
Tom and I aren't together anymore.
Why would you have to do that?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything to write with.
Tom and I aren't going to do that.
Why shouldn't we speak French?
Tom said Mary didn't have anything she had to do.
Tom and I are waiting for the bus.
Why shouldn't we go to Boston?
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary about what we did.
Tom and I are very happy together.
Why shouldn't we be in Boston?
Tom reminded Mary that she had a meeting at 2:30.
Tom and I are unlikely to do that.
Why don't you shut the window?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is still here.
Tom and I are really good friends.
Why don't you have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is doing that.
Tom and I are good for each other.
Why don't we do that together?
Tom never forgets to tell Mary that he loves her.
Tom and I agreed to keep in touch.
Why do I need to study French?
Tom needs to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom always seems to be reasonable.
Why do I need to speak French?
Tom needs to be gone by the time Mary gets there.
Tom always seems to be interested.
Why do I need to go to Boston?
Tom must've thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom always seems to be doing that.
Why do I need to be in Boston?
Tom might've said more, but Mary interrupted him.
Tom always eats fruit for dessert.
Why do I have to speak French?
Tom made a bet with Mary that John would do that.
Tom always asks the same question.
Why do I have to go to Boston?
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't love her.
Tom already plans to study French.
Why do I have to be in Boston?
Tom laughed when Mary sat down to play the piano.
Tom almost always drives too fast.
Why did you do that yesterday?
Tom knows it wasn't the first time Mary did that.
Tom agreed that we should do that.
Why aren't you doing that yet?
Tom knows he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom admitted he wanted to do that.
Why aren't you doing that now?
Tom isn't going to be very happy if Mary is late.
Tom's truck got stuck in the mud.
Why are you digging this hole?
Tom is sure Mary knows she's supposed to do that.
Tom's troubles are far from over.
Who's the person who did that?
Tom is sure Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Tom's problems are far from over.
Who told you I had to do that?
Tom is sure Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Tom's license has been suspended.
Who did you receive that from?
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do that for him.
Tom's legal troubles aren't over.
Which wine do you like better?
Tom has told Mary that she's required to do that.
Tom's friends wanted to help him.
When should we come to Boston?
Tom has told Mary she should wear safety glasses.
Tom's first wife was from Boston.
When do you intend to do that?
Tom has been waiting for Mary to do that for him.
Tom's brothers are still in jail.
When do you expect to do that?
Tom has been teaching Mary how to play the piano.
Tom's brothers are still at home.
When did you start doing that?
Tom freaked out when he heard what Mary had done.
Tom wouldn't let me speak French.
When did you begin doing that?
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to help him.
Tom would never make you do that.
What's the name of this movie?
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom would never do that that way.
What's the last thing you ate?
Tom doesn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom would do that if he knew how.
What's the harm in doing that?
Tom doesn't think Mary would be quiet doing that.
Tom would be cute if he did that.
What's Boston most famous for?
Tom doesn't think Mary would be happy doing that.
Tom would be awful at doing that.
What's Australia's population?
Tom doesn't think Mary would allow me to do that.
Tom works as a used car salesman.
What'll we do if it's raining?
Tom doesn't think Mary will permit me to do that.
Tom won't need to wait very long.
What kind of cake do you like?
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow him to do that.
Tom won't likely be here on time.
Were you the one who did that?
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom won't likely be here by 2:30.
Were you in Boston in October?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
Tom won't likely be found guilty.
Were you doing that yesterday?
Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom won't let me speak French.
We've done that several times.
Tom doesn't have as much experience as Mary does.
Tom won't have to wait very long.
We've decided to visit Boston.
Tom does that the way Mary taught him to do that.
Tom won't go to camp this summer.
We've decided to study French.
Tom didn't tell Mary he wouldn't be at her party.
Tom won't do that for me anymore.
We've decided to leave Boston.
Tom didn't tell Mary he didn't intend to do that.
Tom won't do anything by himself.
We've been ordered to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was swimming or not.
Tom won't be too busy to do that.
We've been asked not to leave.
Tom didn't know where Mary was thinking of going.
Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
We're coming up to a tollgate.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom won't be done doing that yet.
We'd better not do that today.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's grandmother.
Tom won't actually be doing that.
We were just about to do that.
Tom didn't know how long he should wait for Mary.
Tom won three successive matches.
We shouldn't be in Boston now.
Tom didn't know Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom will probably become violent.
We should all be at the beach.
Tom didn't know Mary wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom will probably be unimpressed.
We really should visit Boston.
Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that yesterday.
Tom will probably be sympathetic.
We never speak French anymore.
Tom didn't know Mary didn't have time to do that.
Tom will probably be pessimistic.
We never go to Boston anymore.
Tom couldn't talk Mary out of going to the party.
Tom will probably be discouraged.
We need to hire three welders.
Tom committed suicide three days after Mary died.
Tom will probably be cooperative.
We just did that this morning.
Tom asked if Mary was really required to do that.
Tom will likely be in Boston now.
We hope you visit Boston soon.
Tom asked Mary what time she usually went to bed.
Tom will likely be grouchy today.
We hope that you visit Boston.
Tom and Mary have decided never to do that again.
Tom will likely be busy tomorrow.
We haven't visited Boston yet.
Tom and Mary don't fight as much as they used to.
Tom will likely agree to do that.
We haven't been to Boston yet.
Tom and Mary are still not talking to each other.
Tom will do that without my help.
We have you to do that for us.
Tom and Mary are still going out with each other.
Tom will do that in a day or two.
We have plans to visit Boston.
Tom admitted he did what Mary told him not to do.
Tom will be reluctant to do that.
We have plans to go to Boston.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to get a hold of Mary.
Tom will be motivated to do that.
We had enough time to do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Tom will be fined for doing that.
We don't want to study French.
Mary and Alice both used to be Tom's girlfriends.
Tom will be desperate to do that.
We don't want to go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
Tom will be back in a day or two.
We don't need to go to Boston.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
Tom will be able to do that, too.
We don't have to study French.
I wonder if Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
Tom wasn't sure he could do that.
We don't have to speak French.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wasn't scared to do anything.
We don't have to go to Boston.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary needed to do that.
Tom wasn't able to do that today.
We don't have to decide today.
I wish I hadn't told Tom to tell Mary to do that.
Tom was very hesitant to do that.
We don't go to Boston anymore.
I want to marry Tom and Mary's youngest daughter.
Tom was too terrified to do that.
We divided the profit equally.
I told Tom I wanted Mary to learn how to do that.
Tom was told he couldn't do that.
We didn't need to be so early.
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom was the only person punished.
We come to Boston once a week.
I think Tom wouldn't be lonely if Mary were here.
Tom was the only person arrested.
We caught a lot of fish today.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
Tom was the first one to go home.
We can't ignore these reports.
I think Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
Tom was on television last night.
We can never be friends again.
I think Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
Tom was my coach for three years.
This won't affect my decision.
I think Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
Tom was is in the passenger seat.
This umbrella looks like mine.
I don't know why Tom didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom was interested in doing that.
This poem is easy to memorize.
I didn't want Tom to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom was in jail for three nights.
This bridge was built in 2013.
I didn't tell anyone that I saw Tom kissing Mary.
Tom was impressed by what he saw.
They're testing new equipment.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd seen Mary in the park.
Tom was hoping to make a fortune.
They say that they're worried.
Didn't you know that Tom was going out with Mary?
Tom was going to do that himself.
They live in different cities.
Didn't you know Tom used to have a crush on Mary?
Tom wants to be a French teacher.
They fought for their country.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were John's parents?
Tom wanted to get back to school.
They don't eat sausage or ham.
Did you know that Tom used to be married to Mary?
Tom wanted to do the right thing.
These lenses are scratchproof.
Tom, Mary, John and I are all in the same class.
Tom wanted to do that very badly.
There's a calendar over there.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom walked through the dense fog.
The police said I was violent.
Tom would do that for Mary if she wanted him to.
Tom used to teach at this school.
The only organist here is you.
Tom would be very disappointed if Mary did that.
Tom used to do that every Monday.
The only Canadian here is you.
Tom wondered where Mary wanted to go to college.
Tom used to do that all the time.
The meeting is about to begin.
Tom wondered if Mary really intended to do that.
Tom used to be my French teacher.
That's what people usually do.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she needs to do.
Tom used a towel to dry his hair.
That's not where I want to go.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom tried to jump out of the way.
That's not where I need to go.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom tried really hard to do that.
That's not where I have to go.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she should buy.
Tom told us not to do that again.
That's not what I want to buy.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom told us not to be frightened.
That's not what I need to buy.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom told me you couldn't do that.
That's not what I have to buy.
Tom will probably tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom told me that you'd done that.
That's a very sensitive issue.
Tom will probably tell Mary he'll never do that.
Tom told me that he's unemployed.
That's a movie worth watching.
Tom will probably tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom told me that he's suspicious.
Thanks for helping me do that.
Tom will probably tell Mary he doesn't like her.
Tom told me that he's interested.
Shouldn't I be doing that now?
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary how to do that.
Tom told me that he's frightened.
Should I do that now or later?
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he loved her.
Tom told me that he'd be careful.
Please tell me who'll do that.
Tom wants to be gone by the time Mary gets here.
Tom told me that he was offended.
Please let me do that for you.
Tom wanted to tell Mary that she should do that.
Tom told me that he was confused.
Please don't do that too much.
Tom told me that he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom told me that I'm incompetent.
Please don't do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary why it was a good idea to do that.
Tom told me not to do that again.
Please do that very carefully.
Tom told Mary why he didn't want her to do that.
Tom told me he's never done that.
Please do that somewhere else.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't have done that.
Tom thought his parents had died.
Perhaps you'd like to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom thought he shouldn't do that.
Our school has 3,000 students.
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last Monday.
Tom thought he needed to do that.
No one here tells me anything.
Tom told Mary that he was going to kill himself.
Tom thinks you shouldn't do that.
No decision has been made yet.
Tom told Mary that he was determined to do that.
Tom thinks that we can't do that.
My truck is parked over there.
Tom told Mary that he was be obliged to do that.
Tom thinks he's being reasonable.
My truck got stuck in the mud.
Tom told Mary that he thought you could do that.
Tom taught French for many years.
My room is cleaner than yours.
Tom told Mary that he thought she'd been unfair.
Tom successfully passed the exam.
My parents fight all the time.
Tom told Mary that he thought she was beautiful.
Tom studied economics in college.
My parents argue all the time.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't upset.
Tom still isn't fluent in French.
My parents are both Canadians.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't crazy.
Tom still hasn't said he's sorry.
My name was third on the list.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't brave.
Tom still hasn't moved to Boston.
My name was first on the list.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't bossy.
Tom still goes to work every day.
My mother is older than yours.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was upstairs.
Tom still does that every summer.
My house is near where I work.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unbiased.
Tom still does that every Monday.
My family is living in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was ticklish.
Tom still can't use his left arm.
My expectations were too high.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was thrilled.
Tom stayed longer than he had to.
My cat doesn't sleep at night.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was stubborn.
Tom stayed here for a short time.
My approach will be different.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was sensible.
Tom sprained his wrist on Monday.
My ancestors came from Europe.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was prepared.
Tom sprained his ankle on Monday.
Maybe we won't finish on time.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was outraged.
Tom spent the whole day swimming.
Maybe I'll study French today.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was mistaken.
Tom spent a lot of time studying.
Let's try to do that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was innocent.
Tom spends too much time working.
Let's play cards after dinner.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was impolite.
Tom speaks French extremely well.
Let's order a pizza for lunch.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was handsome.
Tom sounds like he's a great guy.
Let's go to Boston next month.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was friendly.
Tom sounds a lot like his father.
Let's do that some other time.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was creative.
Tom sold his car three weeks ago.
Let me tie your shoes for you.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was confused.
Tom snored loudly while he slept.
It's way too early to do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was barefoot.
Tom skimmed through the magazine.
It's too early to do that now.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was annoying.
Tom sipped the hot coffee slowly.
It's no use trying to do that.
Tom told Mary that he had been lonely in Boston.
Tom shouldn't do that by himself.
It's getting warmer every day.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was sad.
Tom shouldn't be allowed in here.
It's getting colder every day.
Tom told Mary that John used to be his roommate.
Tom shouldn't be able to do this.
It's fun to do that, isn't it?
Tom told Mary not to leave, but she left anyway.
Tom should've won, in my opinion.
It's Monday that I'll do that.
Tom told Mary it would be OK for her to do that.
Tom should've refused to do that.
It'll take forever to do that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't go to Boston with her.
Tom should've gotten home by now.
It'll soon be time to do that.
Tom thought Mary was present at today's meeting.
Tom should've filled up his tank.
It'll be expensive to do that.
Tom thinks that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom should've been on that train.
It'll be dangerous to do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't be here until after lunch.
Tom should've been on that plane.
It would be unsafe to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the next one to do that.
Tom should really think about it.
It would be tiring to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be the last one to do that.
Tom should probably do that soon.
It would be simple to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be in her office on Monday.
Tom should never have to do that.
It would be better to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will be here in Boston all week.
Tom should go to Boston with you.
It wasn't much fun doing that.
Tom thinks Mary will be forgiven for doing that.
Tom should get the death penalty.
It was really muggy yesterday.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom should be willing to do that.
It snows a lot where I'm from.
Tom suspected that it was too late to help Mary.
Tom should be through doing that.
It snowed every day last week.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary he doesn't like his job.
Tom should be the one doing that.
It should be cheap to do that.
Tom should've told Mary that she had to do that.
Tom should be helping us do this.
It rained every day last week.
Tom should wait until Mary gets here to do that.
Tom should be ashamed of himself.
Isn't it dangerous to do that?
Tom should probably tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom should be allowed to do that.
Is there a zoo near your home?
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be so nosy.
Tom shot and killed three tigers.
Is it OK to speak French here?
Tom says there's nothing Mary can do about that.
Tom seldom speaks French anymore.
Is gold cheaper than platinum?
Tom says he's already talked to Mary about that.
Tom seems to know how to do that.
If you're tired, take a break.
Tom says he won't do that unless Mary helps him.
Tom seems to have figured it out.
I've recently moved to Boston.
Tom says he thought Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom seems to be eager to do that.
I've just finished doing that.
Tom says he knows Mary wanted to move to Boston.
Tom seemed to do a very nice job.
I've had a lot of girlfriends.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't ask him to do that.
Tom seemed to be very happy here.
I've enjoyed doing that a lot.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who has to do that.
Tom says they're doing just that.
I've done that numerous times.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows she has to do that.
Tom says that he does that a lot.
I've done that enough already.
Tom says he expects Mary to do that later today.
Tom says that doesn't bother him.
I've been told not to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom says it'll be worth the wait.
I've been studying since 2:30.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom says his stomach still hurts.
I've been doing that all week.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom says his conscience is clear.
I'm very reluctant to do that.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom says he's too old to do that.
I'm troubled by what happened.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom says he's never seen a panda.
I'm too poor to hire a lawyer.
Tom says he doesn't really know how old Mary is.
Tom says he's even eaten insects.
I'm tired, so I won't do that.
Tom says he and Mary went to Boston last winter.
Tom says he's been asked to stay.
I'm thinking about doing that.
Tom says he and Mary usually eat lunch together.
Tom says he'll keep working hard.
I'm the owner of this company.
Tom said there's nothing he can do to help Mary.
Tom says he'll do what he has to.
I'm the only one who's scared.
Tom said that Mary wasn't playing chess anymore.
Tom says he'd rather not do that.
I'm sure that's what happened.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be having fun.
Tom says he wants more than that.
I'm savings will soon run out.
Tom said it wasn't him who told Mary to do that.
Tom says he used to teach French.
I'm room is cleaner than mine.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary can do that.
Tom says he used to study French.
I'm really glad that happened.
Tom said he'll ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Tom says he thinks it's possible.
I'm really enjoying this book.
Tom said he wasn't expecting Mary to do that.
Tom says he remembers doing that.
I'm not sure I should do that.
Tom said he was going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom says he often forgets things.
I'm not capable of doing that.
Tom said he wanted to see if Mary could do that.
Tom says he needs more than that.
I'm not as young as you think.
Tom said he thought he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom says he isn't having any fun.
I'm not able to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom says he has plans to do that.
I'm just about to do that now.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that.
Tom says he has other priorities.
I'm going to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he knew Mary might not need to do that.
Tom says he doesn't study French.
I'm busy doing that right now.
Tom said he knew Mary might not have to do that.
Tom says he doesn't speak French.
I'm aware of what's happening.
Tom said he isn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom says he didn't know about it.
I'm able to understand French.
Tom said he hoped Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom says he didn't have a lawyer.
I'll work in Boston next year.
Tom said he hoped Mary would do that right away.
Tom says he did it for the money.
I'll do that while it's quiet.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to help us.
Tom says aliens had abducted him.
I'll do that when I have time.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom says I ought to study French.
I'll do that if you pay me to.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom says I don't need to do that.
I'll do that even if it rains.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom says I don't have to do that.
I'll be here for three months.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom saw me when I was doing that.
I'll arrange to get that done.
Tom said he doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
Tom sat down and lit a cigarette.
I'd stay in Boston if I could.
Tom said he doesn't know any of Mary's children.
Tom sat at the head of the table.
I'd recommend studying French.
Tom said he didn't want to do that without Mary.
Tom said what he intended to say.
I'd rather you didn't do that.
Tom said he didn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom said whales are worth saving.
I'd never consider doing that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said the truck wasn't locked.
I'd like to go there with you.
Tom said he didn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom said the event was a success.
I'd like one of those scarves.
Tom said he didn't think Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said that would never happen.
I'd come to Boston if I could.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that would happen soon.
I'd be tempted to do that now.
Tom said Mary's parents seemed like nice people.
Tom said that wasn't a good idea.
I work as an ambulance driver.
Tom said Mary would likely be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he was ready to go.
I wonder if I need to do that.
Tom said Mary would be going to Boston with him.
Tom said that he really liked me.
I won't study French tomorrow.
Tom said Mary wasn't willing to do that anymore.
Tom said that he likes good wine.
I won't permit you to do that.
Tom said Mary was troubled by what had happened.
Tom said that he doesn't do that.
I won't have to do that alone.
Tom said Mary was too tired to help you do that.
Tom said that he broke the glass.
I won't have to do that again.
Tom said Mary was too drunk to help you do that.
Tom said that could never happen.
I won't go to Boston with you.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help John do that.
Tom said that I had study French.
I won't be doing that anymore.
Tom said Mary was the one who wanted to do that.
Tom said it was him who did that.
I won't be allowed to do that.
Tom said Mary was the one who needed to do that.
Tom said it could cause problems.
I wish you would speak French.
Tom said Mary was reluctant to do that for John.
Tom said his stomach still hurts.
I wish I hadn't spoken French.
Tom said Mary was living in Boston at that time.
Tom said his house wasn't locked.
I wish I hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be unemployed.
Tom said his conscience is clear.
I wish I hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be suspicious.
Tom said he's willing to do that.
I wish I could do this better.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be interested.
Tom said he's through doing that.
I wish I could do that better.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be handcuffed.
Tom said he's tempted to do that.
I wasn't sure I could do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be frightened.
Tom said he's ready for the test.
I wasn't permitted to do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be downstairs.
Tom said he's only tried it once.
I wasn't in Boston last month.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be doing that.
Tom said he's fascinated by that.
I wasn't able to study French.
Tom said Mary wanted John to do that by himself.
Tom said he's been robbed before.
I was told to stay in my room.
Tom said Mary told him she was ready to do that.
Tom said he's been feeling tired.
I was the last one to do that.
Tom said Mary thought she might need to do that.
Tom said he'd rather not go home.
I was in Boston two weeks ago.
Tom said Mary thought she might have to do that.
Tom said he'd pay for the dinner.
I was impressed by what I saw.
Tom said Mary should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said he'd never teach French.
I was going to do that myself.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he'd never study French.
I was being forced to do that.
Tom said Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said he'd likely not do that.
I was allowed to speak French.
Tom said Mary knew he might not want to do that.
Tom said he'd do that and he did.
I was advised to study French.
Tom said Mary knew he might not need to do that.
Tom said he'd definitely do that.
I wanted to study French, too.
Tom said Mary knew he might not have to do that.
Tom said he'd be willing help us.
I wanted to go to the library.
Tom said Mary is probably still studying French.
Tom said he'd be willing do that.
I wanted to go back to school.
Tom said Mary is pretty good at speaking French.
Tom said he'd be doing that soon.
I wanted to go back to Boston.
Tom said Mary is going to go see John in Boston.
Tom said he'd be back in October.
I wanted to do that yesterday.
Tom said Mary has never seen him wearing a suit.
Tom said he'd be able to do that.
I wanted to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary has never seen John wearing a hat.
Tom said he would do that for me.
I want you to teach me French.
Tom said Mary has been trying to be cooperative.
Tom said he wasn't offered a job.
I want to see you immediately.
Tom said Mary has been told not do that anymore.
Tom said he was worried about me.
I want to play chess with you.
Tom said Mary has always been interested in art.
Tom said he was unlikely do that.
I want to move back to Boston.
Tom said Mary had a really hard time doing that.
Tom said he was told not do that.
I want to go hunting with you.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that by herself.
Tom said he was ready to do that.
I want to get a part-time job.
Tom said Mary didn't think John really did that.
Tom said he was happy to do that.
I want to do that immediately.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary what we did that.
Tom said he was enjoying himself.
I want to do better next time.
Tom reminded Mary that she had to do that today.
Tom said he was asked to do that.
I want to continue doing that.
Tom promised Mary that he'd never do that again.
Tom said he wants to change that.
I told you to quit doing that.
Tom probably doesn't yet know why Mary did that.
Tom said he wants to buy a yacht.
I thought you weren't married.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary was arrested.
Tom said he wants to be a lawyer.
I thought you used to do that.
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is Canadian.
Tom said he thought I looked sad.
I thought I'd like to do that.
Tom probably couldn't talk Mary into doing that.
Tom said he thought I looked fit.
I thought I needed to do that.
Tom pretended not to notice what Mary was doing.
Tom said he saw a UFO last night.
I think it might rain tonight.
Tom must've thought Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said he plans to be a doctor.
I think I've done that before.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he paid $300 in advance.
I think I'll do that tomorrow.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said he likes to help others.
I think I should visit Boston.
Tom must've thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said he isn't having any fun.
I think I should study French.
Tom must've been faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he hopes to change that.
I think I should go to Boston.
Tom looked around the room, but didn't see Mary.
Tom said he heard a lot of shots.
I think I may want to do that.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't do that.
Tom said he felt like doing that.
I think Boston is a safe city.
Tom let Mary know he didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he felt good about that.
I swear I won't do that again.
Tom knows that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom said he doesn't hunt anymore.
I suspected this would happen.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to dance.
I study French whenever I can.
Tom is waiting for Mary in front of the station.
Tom said he didn't smoke anymore.
I still haven't done that yet.
Tom is trying to convince Mary to do that today.
Tom said he didn't have a lawyer.
I still have a lot of bananas.
Tom is the only one who ever really helped Mary.
Tom said he did that three times.
I sometimes do that by myself.
Tom is good at singing, but not as good as Mary.
Tom said he appreciated the help.
I shouldn't do that by myself.
Tom informed Mary that she had to do that today.
Tom said doing that would be fun.
I shouldn't be doing this now.
Tom has told Mary that he's required to do that.
Tom said I should've walked away.
I should've done that earlier.
Tom has told Mary she looks a little overweight.
Tom said I ought to study French.
I should've called the police.
Tom has to be glad that Mary is coming to visit.
Tom said I made the wrong choice.
I should've brought more food.
Tom has enough money to buy whatever Mary wants.
Tom said I don't need to do that.
I should've been more patient.
Tom has been trying to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said I don't have to do that.
I should probably not do that.
Tom has apologized to Mary for having done that.
Tom returned to Boston on Monday.
I should probably go home now.
Tom has already told Mary what she needs to buy.
Tom refused to sign the petition.
I should go ahead and do that.
Tom has already told Mary what needs to be done.
Tom really wants to study French.
I should be there pretty soon.
Tom had no idea that Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom really wants to keep his job.
I should be in Boston by 2:30.
Tom finally managed to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom really should've done better.
I should be getting paid more.
Tom figured if Mary could do that, he could too.
Tom really should think about it.
I should be back here by 2:30.
Tom explained to Mary why she shouldn't do that.
Tom really looks a lot like John.
I shot and killed both wolves.
Tom doesn't think it's safe for Mary to do that.
Tom really likes traveling a lot.
I seldom speak French anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom really likes science fiction.
I seldom go to Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom really likes chocolate a lot.
I see no need to study French.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that today.
Tom really doesn't have a choice.
I see no need to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that again.
Tom realized he had made a mistake.
I sat together at the counter.
Tom doesn't think Mary will allow me to do that.
Tom reads at a third grade level.
I said I was going to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is capable of doing that.
Tom read a story to his children.
I remember giving you the key.
Tom doesn't remember Mary asking him to do that.
Tom rarely speaks French anymore.
I really want to study French.
Tom doesn't really think Mary did that, does he?
Tom rarely does things like that.
I really want to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary would want to do that.
Tom quit smoking three years ago.
I probably won't study French.
Tom doesn't know why Mary dropped out of school.
Tom put some butter on his toast.
I plan to swim while I'm here.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes dogs or not.
Tom promised to do that tomorrow.
I plan to come to Boston soon.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is thirsty or not.
Tom promised not to go out alone.
I never wanted to get married.
Tom doesn't know where Mary bought her computer.
Tom probably won't pass the test.
I never wanted this to happen.
Tom doesn't know what Mary would like him to do.
Tom probably won't pass the exam.
I never wanted that to happen.
Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom probably won't get the prize.
I needed to do that yesterday.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can do that by herself.
Tom probably won't do that today.
I needed to do that by myself.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom probably won't do that again.
I need to remember to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom probably isn't in his office.
I need to make some decisions.
Tom didn't think Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom probably isn't in Boston now.
I need to buy some blue paint.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary did that.
Tom played soccer and basketball.
I need to buy another bicycle.
Tom didn't notice that Mary had a new hairstyle.
Tom plans to retire when he's 65.
I might not go shopping today.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom plans to do better next time.
I may go to Boston next month.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom plans to continue doing that.
I made the same mistake again.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom plans to come back to Boston.
I looked in my bag for my pen.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was thirsty or not.
Tom picked me up on his way home.
I left my umbrella in the hall.
Tom didn't know whether Mary could drive or not.
Tom owns many valuable paintings.
I know you aren't that stupid.
Tom didn't know where Mary had bought her watch.
Tom overslept and missed his bus.
I know you aren't really busy.
Tom didn't know what Mary was thinking of doing.
Tom outlived many of his friends.
I know why you went to Boston.
Tom didn't know what Mary was making for dinner.
Tom often eats fruit for dessert.
I know why you had to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary would be at the party.
Tom often doesn't come to school.
I know why you didn't do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom no longer works as a teacher.
I know why I ought to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary was John's girlfriend.
Tom never wants to do that again.
I know where you hide you key.
Tom didn't know how much more money Mary wanted.
Tom never wanted to teach French.
I know what's really going on.
Tom didn't know how much Mary wanted to do that.
Tom never studies French anymore.
I know what time you got home.
Tom didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom never seems to feel the heat.
I know three girls named Mary.
Tom didn't know Mary was going to do that today.
Tom never seems to feel the cold.
I know that's not worth doing.
Tom decided not to speak French to Mary anymore.
Tom never made it onto the plane.
I know that I want to do that.
Tom decided Mary was the one who should do that.
Tom never forgot to pay his rent.
I know that I need to do that.
Tom could do that for Mary if she wanted him to.
Tom never forgets to do anything.
I know that I have to do that.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom never felt sorry for himself.
I know not to do that anymore.
Tom asked Mary why she had never studied French.
Tom never expected to walk again.
I know how to play the violin.
Tom asked Mary why she had left the party early.
Tom needs to lower his standards.
I know how to play the guitar.
Tom asked Mary to stop complaining all the time.
Tom needs to consider doing that.
I know I'm in big trouble now.
Tom asked Mary if she really enjoyed doing that.
Tom needs crutches to get around.
I know I have to keep working.
Tom asked Mary if she had to do that by herself.
Tom must've thought nobody cared.
I knew I'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to the dance together.
Tom must've done that by himself.
I just do what I'm told to do.
Tom and Mary talked to each other all afternoon.
Tom must've been scared to death.
I hope you can do that for us.
Tom and Mary still talk to each other every day.
Tom must be desperate to do that.
I hope you can do that for me.
Tom and Mary have never been on a date together.
Tom mostly talked about his trip.
I hope tomorrow isn't too hot.
Tom and Mary almost never argue with each other.
Tom moonlighted as a taxi driver.
I hope to become an architect.
Maybe Tom doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom misses his mother and father.
I hope to be a barber someday.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Tom might be studying French now.
I hope that you don't do that.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Tom may want to do that with you.
I hope it won't snow tomorrow.
Maybe Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Tom may speak French if he wants.
I hope it won't rain tomorrow.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be happy if Mary did that.
Tom may speak French if he likes.
I helped the kids get dressed.
I wonder if Tom knew that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom may not go to Boston with us.
I haven't watered the flowers.
I know Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
Tom may have everything he wants.
I haven't finished the report.
I don't want Tom to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom may go to Boston next summer.
I haven't ever studied French.
I don't think Tom can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom may do that however he likes.
I have to take out the garage.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary do that again.
Tom may do that any way he likes.
I have to remember to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary used to be married?
Tom may come back to Boston soon.
I have to go to do that today.
You think Tom will do that for Mary, don't you?
Tom may be in for a big surprise.
I have to buy a pair of boots.
You asked Tom to help Mary do that, didn't you?
Tom made sure that didn't happen.
I have many unmarried friends.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he wouldn't do that.
Tom loved his family and friends.
I have many questions for you.
Tom would stop doing that if Mary asked him to.
Tom lost my respect when he quit.
I had no idea I was too noisy.
Tom would like you to show Mary how to do that.
Tom looks like a friendly person.
I had a feeling you'd do that.
Tom wondered who Mary had invited to her party.
Tom looks better with short hair.
I guess we'll have to do that.
Tom wondered where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom looked like he'd been crying.
I got tired trying to do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what she should buy.
Tom looked back at me and smiled.
I got really tired doing that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he wants to do.
Tom looked back and smiled at me.
I felt no pressure to do that.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he needs to do.
Tom locked the money in the safe.
I felt I didn't have a choice.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what has to be done.
Tom locked the doors and windows.
I expect you to do that today.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom likes to go horseback riding.
I expect to be in Boston soon.
Tom won't likely tell Mary he doesn't like her.
Tom likes swimming in the summer.
I eat only what I want to eat.
Tom won't be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom likes baseball and basketball.
I don't yet know what I'll do.
Tom will probably tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom left the room when I came in.
I don't wear a hat very often.
Tom will probably tell Mary what he has to buy.
Tom left for Australia yesterday.
I don't want to work overtime.
Tom will probably tell Mary to be home by 2:30.
Tom knows why you didn't do that.
I don't want to take a chance.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom knows what he's getting into.
I don't want to stand in line.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't leave her.
Tom knows the value of education.
I don't want to sing with you.
Tom wasn't the one who advised Mary to do that.
Tom knows not to do that anymore.
I don't want to sell my house.
Tom wasn't much faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom knows how to get to my place.
I don't want to pay that much.
Tom wasn't much better at doing that than Mary.
Tom knows he's going to be fired.
I don't want to miss my plane.
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom knows he should study French.
I don't want to make a speech.
Tom was the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Tom knows he has to study French.
I don't want to go to my room.
Tom was lying to Mary when he said he did that.
Tom knows he has to speak French.
I don't want to go to college.
Tom was fortunate that Mary helped him do that.
Tom knows he has to keep working.
I don't want to give a speech.
Tom wanted to be the one who did that for Mary.
Tom knows exactly how to do that.
I don't want to eat leftovers.
Tom usually calls Mary at 2:30 every afternoon.
Tom knows all about these things.
I don't want to eat ice cream.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was away.
Tom knew what he was looking for.
Tom told me that he thought Mary could do that.
Tom knew what he was going to do.
I don't want to dance anymore.
Tom told Mary that she should be more tolerant.
Tom knew that was what we needed.
I don't want to clean my room.
Tom told Mary that he'd be hesitant to do that.
Tom knew he couldn't be replaced.
I don't want to be left alone.
Tom told Mary that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom knew I couldn't speak French.
I don't want my picture taken.
Tom told Mary that he was desperate to do that.
Tom just looked at me and smiled.
I don't usually walk anywhere.
Tom told Mary that he told John not to do that.
Tom isn't very likely to be late.
I don't usually use sunscreen.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was worried.
Tom isn't very likely to be busy.
I don't usually lock my house.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was unlucky.
Tom isn't usually busy on Monday.
I don't usually eat breakfast.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was thirsty.
Tom isn't tall enough to do that.
I don't usually drive to work.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was sincere.
Tom isn't sure how much he drank.
I don't think you can do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was retired.
Tom isn't sure he should do that.
I don't think it was my fault.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was outside.
Tom isn't sure he has to do that.
I don't really need the money.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was nervous.
Tom isn't supposed to have a gun.
I don't play tennis very well.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was married.
Tom isn't rich enough to do that.
I don't plan to go to college.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was jealous.
Tom isn't really that old, is he?
I don't often play backgammon.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was healthy.
Tom isn't ready to talk about it.
I don't often do that anymore.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was furious.
Tom isn't likely to be last.
I don't normally speak French.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was excited.
Tom isn't likely to be home.
I don't need to do that today.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was correct.
Tom isn't likely to be here.
I don't need to do that alone.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was annoyed.
Tom isn't likely to be done.
I don't need to do that again.
Tom told Mary that he thought Alice was pretty.
Tom isn't likely to be cold.
I don't need to be here today.
Tom told Mary that John was outside with Alice.
Tom isn't going to be doing that.
I don't mind living by myself.
Tom told Mary that John used to live in Boston.
Tom isn't able to do that either.
I don't like to repeat myself.
Tom told Mary she should leave, but she stayed.
Tom isn't a citizen of Australia.
I don't like to make mistakes.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't mind if she did that.
Tom is willing to do that for us.
I don't like to be laughed at.
Tom thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom is very impatient to do that.
I don't like that plan at all.
Tom thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom is usually at home on Monday.
I don't like that idea at all.
Tom thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom is trying to protect himself.
I don't like climbing ladders.
Tom thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom is trying to figure that out.
I don't like being unemployed.
Tom thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom is trying to change all that.
I don't like being criticized.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom is troubled by what happened.
I don't like Boston very much.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom is too young to be the mayor.
I don't know when it happened.
Tom thinks Mary would be glad if that happened.
Tom is too sleepy to do that now.
I don't know what you've done.
Tom thinks Mary won't be in Boston much longer.
Tom is too scared to do that now.
I don't know what I'll do yet.
Tom thinks Mary will be in Boston next weekend.
Tom is too overweight to do that.
I don't know much about music.
Tom thinks Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom is too frightened to do that.
I don't know much about birds.
Tom still doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom is too diplomatic to do that.
I don't know how to tie a tie.
Tom started jokingly calling Mary his fiance.
Tom is too afraid to do that now.
I don't know how to play oboe.
Tom showed the letter he got from Mary to John.
Tom is through doing that by now.
I don't know how to play jazz.
Tom should tell Mary why he enjoyed doing that.
Tom is thinking about doing that.
I don't know how to play golf.
Tom should tell Mary that he can't eat peanuts.
Tom is the treasurer of our club.
I don't have to worry anymore.
Tom should tell Mary he wants her to help John.
Tom is the president of the club.
I don't have to keep anything.
Tom should probably tell Mary not to be afraid.
Tom is the only person I've told.
I don't have to do this today.
Tom should probably tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is the one who feeds our dog.
I don't have to do that alone.
Tom should probably tell Mary he can't do that.
Tom is the one I'm worried about.
I don't have to be here today.
Tom seems to be aware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom is the new assistant manager.
I don't have one of those yet.
Tom seems convinced that Mary wants to do that.
Tom is the best student in class.
I don't have any more details.
Tom seems convinced that Mary needs to do that.
Tom is still working as a waiter.
I don't have a girlfriend now.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary had done that.
Tom is still refusing to do that.
I don't have a dependable car.
Tom says he'll do whatever he can to help Mary.
Tom is still living in Australia.
I don't go to bars very often.
Tom says he thought Mary had already done that.
Tom is still learning to do that.
I don't enjoy studying French.
Tom says he knows Mary will eventually do that.
Tom is still in a state of shock.
I don't do that on rainy days.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't refuse to do that.
Tom is still feeding the pigeons.
I don't do that for the money.
Tom says he hopes Mary will do that by herself.
Tom is still a very athletic guy.
I don't do that every morning.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who won't do that.
Tom is so lucky to have survived.
I don't always tell the truth.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom is smart enough to know this.
I don't always obey the rules.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom is sick, so he won't do that.
I don't always do it that way.
Tom says he hopes Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom is ready to get back to work.
I don't actually do that much.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom is rather handsome, isn't he?
I do that at least once a day.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom is quite optimistic about it.
I didn't wear jeans yesterday.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary needs to do.
Tom is probably going to do that.
I didn't want to travel alone.
Tom says he doesn't know how Mary will do that.
Tom is primarily a third baseman.
I didn't want to study French.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to do that.
Tom is pretty good at everything.
I didn't want to stay at home.
Tom says he didn't know Mary needed to do that.
Tom is paid a lot for doing that.
I didn't want to speak French.
Tom says he can't believe Mary really did that.
Tom is our new assistant manager.
I didn't want to sing anymore.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John would do that.
Tom is only trying to be popular.
I didn't want to sell my land.
Tom says Mary doesn't think John could do that.
Tom is one of our better players.
I didn't want to sell my farm.
Tom said there was no need for Mary to do that.
Tom is my daughter's best friend.
I didn't want to leave Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was good-looking.
Tom is married to John's ex-wife.
I didn't want to go to school.
Tom said that Mary would go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is lucky to still have a job.
I didn't want to go to church.
Tom said that Mary wasn't able to walk anymore.
Tom is lucky that he can do that.
I didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wanted to borrow some money.
Tom is lucky he didn't get fired.
I didn't want to go by myself.
Tom said that Mary should've been more careful.
Tom is likely to want to do that.
I didn't want to go back home.
Tom said that Mary needed to borrow some money.
Tom is likely to still be sleepy.
I didn't want to get involved.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to do that.
Tom is likely to still be scared.
I didn't want to eat anything.
Tom said that Mary has been very busy all week.
Tom is likely to still be lonely.
I didn't want to ask for help.
Tom said he's looking forward to visiting Mary.
Tom is likely to still be hungry.
I didn't want anything to eat.
Tom said he'd try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom is likely to still be groggy.
I didn't want any more to eat.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom is likely to still be afraid.
I didn't think you'd be early.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom is likely to need to do that.
I didn't think you'd be alone.
Tom said he wasn't sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom is likely to have to do that.
I didn't think you were awake.
Tom said he wasn't going to be at Mary's party.
Tom is having a really hard time.
I didn't think I had a choice.
Tom said he thought he could help Mary do that.
Tom is having a really good year.
I didn't tell the whole truth.
Tom said he thought Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom is good at playing the drums.
I didn't stop the car in time.
Tom said he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom is good at playing the banjo.
I didn't see the truck coming.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom is good at almost everything.
I didn't recognize my ex-wife.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom is going to camp this summer.
I didn't play rugby yesterday.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that.
Tom is getting bigger and bigger.
I didn't plan to go to Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that.
Tom is getting better and better.
I didn't need to speak French.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that.
Tom is getting all the attention.
I didn't much like what I saw.
Tom said he likes pizza the way Mary makes it.
Tom is facing 30 years in prison.
I didn't know you were joking.
Tom said he hoped Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom is enthusiastic about tennis.
I didn't know you were hungry.
Tom said he expected Mary to solve the problem.
Tom is doing what he wants to do.
I didn't know you were asleep.
Tom said he expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom is doing what he needs to do.
I didn't know you knew French.
Tom said he expected Mary to be back on Monday.
Tom is doing very well in Boston.
I didn't know just what to do.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary still does that.
Tom is doing really, really well.
I didn't know how lucky I was.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom is determined to get it done.
I didn't know about the party.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary's husband was.
Tom is determined to do his part.
I didn't help wash the dishes.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary wanted to do.
Tom is determined not to do that.
I didn't have to wait so long.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary needed to do.
Tom is currently based in Boston.
I didn't have to wait in line.
Tom said he assumed Mary would want to do that.
Tom is coming back for you later.
I didn't have time to do that.
Tom said Mary's horse is a lot faster than his.
Tom is camping with some friends.
I didn't have any place to go.
Tom said Mary would probably still be confused.
Tom is busy preparing dinner now.
I didn't have a place to stay.
Tom said Mary won't be excused from doing that.
Tom is better than he used to be.
I didn't have a job last year.
Tom said Mary wasn't troubled by what happened.
Tom is being blamed for the mess.
I didn't feel pain right away.
Tom said Mary wasn't going to do that with him.
Tom is becoming more independent.
I didn't feel like exercising.
Tom said Mary was willing to help John do that.
Tom is as good as he's ever been.
I didn't feel like doing that.
Tom said Mary was trying not to be pessimistic.
Tom is apt to forget his promise.
I didn't explain it very well.
Tom said Mary was too busy to help you do that.
Tom is an owner of a golf course.
I didn't do that the easy way.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be terrified.
Tom is an incredibly good skater.
I didn't do that deliberately.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be skeptical.
Tom is an artist like his father.
I didn't deny that I did that.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be miserable.
Tom is an artist and art teacher.
I didn't come home until 2:30.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be in Boston.
Tom is an actor and a songwriter.
I didn't care if I won or not.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be depressed.
Tom is amused by what's going on.
I didn't believe what I heard.
Tom said Mary was hoping we'd do that with her.
Tom is always the first one here.
I didn't actually do anything.
Tom said Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom is always at home on Sundays.
I did that with three friends.
Tom said Mary was going to ask John to do that.
Tom is already retired, isn't he?
I did that from 12:00 to 2:30.
Tom said Mary was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom is already halfway to Boston.
I did that as soon as I could.
Tom said Mary thought he might want to do that.
Tom is almost never busy anymore.
I couldn't find what I wanted.
Tom said Mary thought he might need to do that.
Tom is afraid of his grandfather.
I could've refused to do that.
Tom said Mary thought he might have to do that.
Tom is about to leave for Boston.
I come to Boston twice a year.
Tom said Mary should've stayed and helped John.
Tom is able to understand French.
I can't continue working here.
Tom said Mary should've asked John to help her.
Tom is able to speak French, too.
I can't come because I'm sick.
Tom said Mary should do that when she has time.
Tom is a writer living in Boston.
I can't be at today's meeting.
Tom said Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom is a very talented young man.
I can't afford to get married.
Tom said Mary just has to wait a little longer.
Tom is a very shrewd businessman.
I can't afford to buy a house.
Tom said Mary is reluctant to do that for John.
Tom is a very independent person.
I can only do that on Mondays.
Tom said Mary is probably still doing that now.
Tom is a very hardworking person.
I can leave if you want me to.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to doing that.
Tom is a very good figure skater.
I bought you something to eat.
Tom said Mary has to do that before she leaves.
Tom is a very accomplished actor.
I believe that'll happen soon.
Tom said Mary has been forgiven for doing that.
Tom is a talented young director.
I baked a cake this afternoon.
Tom said Mary has been asked not do that again.
Tom is a student at this college.
I always knew I could do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't have any books in French.
Tom is a science fiction fanatic.
I advise you to do that today.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom is a good husband and father.
I actually did that yesterday.
Tom said Mary didn't think John did that alone.
Tom is a good guy to have around.
I actually did that by myself.
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary why we did that.
Tom invested his money in stocks.
How often do you have parties?
Tom said I shouldn't tell Mary how we did that.
Tom introduced me to his parents.
How often do you go to dances?
Tom said I shouldn't have told Mary about that.
Tom intends to go back to Boston.
How many tickets will you buy?
Tom promised Mary he'd help her this afternoon.
Tom intends to buy a new bicycle.
How many hot dogs did you buy?
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary isn't happy.
Tom insisted he wouldn't do that.
How many children do you want?
Tom probably doesn't know who did that to Mary.
Tom inserted the key in the lock.
How long do I have to do that?
Tom probably doesn't know that Mary is unhappy.
Tom hung the picture upside down.
How about doing that tomorrow?
Tom probably doesn't know how Mary got injured.
Tom hung the lamp on a tree limb.
How about doing that together?
Tom probably can't talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom hopes to return to Australia.
How I can lose weight quickly?
Tom probably can't do that as well as Mary can.
Tom hired a private investigator.
Have you taught French before?
Tom must've thought Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom hid in an abandoned building.
Have you found a solution yet?
Tom may be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom hasn't won a race since 2013.
Have you found a solution yet.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he would do that.
Tom hasn't won a game since 2013.
Has a solution been found yet.
Tom let Mary know that he was going to do that.
Tom hasn't studied French before.
Had you ever done that before?
Tom knows that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom hasn't really done that much.
Giving up is always an option.
Tom isn't very likely to know where Mary lives.
Tom hasn't even tried to do that.
Everyone is watching football.
Tom is the only person Mary says she can trust.
Tom hasn't done that yet, has he?
Everyone in my family is rich.
Tom is the only one who ever really liked Mary.
Tom hasn't checked the doors yet.
Don't you have to do that now?
Tom hopes Mary knows what John wants her to do.
Tom hasn't been very busy lately.
Don't forget to shut the gate.
Tom hasn't done that as many times as Mary has.
Tom has won more than 300 medals.
Don't forget to buy some eggs.
Tom has to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom has vowed that he'll do that.
Don't ask me stupid questions.
Tom has asked Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom has a very good taste in music.
Doing that's really very easy.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants to eat.
Tom has told me he won't do that.
Doing that's always an option.
Tom has already told Mary what he wants to buy.
Tom has told me he can't do that.
Doing that's a very good idea.
Tom has already told Mary what he needs to buy.
Tom has told me I should do that.
Doing that would be too risky.
Tom had no idea when Mary was going to do that.
Tom has to do that every morning.
Doing that would be obnoxious.
Tom had no idea that Mary was going to do that.
Tom has three university degrees.
Doing that would be hilarious.
Tom had no choice but to allow Mary to do that.
Tom has three meetings on Monday.
Doing that won't be very easy.
Tom had a crush on Mary when he was a teenager.
Tom has the evidence to prove it.
Doing that should be possible.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she wanted.
Tom has strong religious beliefs.
Doing that seems stupid to me.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she needed.
Tom has started doing that again.
Doing that isn't allowed here.
Tom explained to Mary why she couldn't do that.
Tom has since returned to school.
Doing that is relatively easy.
Tom doesn't think Mary would forget to do that.
Tom has said he wants to do that.
Do you think we could do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that by herself.
Tom has said he needs to do that.
Do you think monkeys are cute?
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that soon.
Tom has run away from home again.
Do you really wish to do that?
Tom doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom has remarried his first wife.
Do you really think it's safe?
Tom doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom has no money to buy anything.
Do you often use a dictionary?
Tom doesn't think Mary really meant to do that.
Tom has no choice but to do that.
Do you intend to do that here?
Tom doesn't think Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom has never refused to do that.
Do you have any imported beer?
Tom doesn't think Mary is permitted to do that.
Tom has never lived in Australia.
Do that as quickly as you can.
Tom doesn't think Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom has never been very friendly.
Do both of you work in Boston?
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary wants to do.
Tom has never been a good singer.
Do I need a permit to do that?
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary needs to do.
Tom has never actually done that.
Do I have to do that tomorrow?
Tom doesn't see why Mary would want to do that.
Tom has made one serious mistake.
Didn't I tell you I'd do that?
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom has lived with us since 2013.
Did you receive an invitation?
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom has lived there all his life.
Did you come to Boston by bus?
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John are arguing.
Tom has just finished doing that.
Could you please come with me?
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is sleepy or not.
